user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198090284682,Recommended,324800,32751793,Posted: 24 June,all,Commander Neru (PC-98),"I paid for Wang, I came for Wang and I got the Wang."
,Recommended,324800,32658232,Posted: 22 June,all,TrapstepMedia,"This game is short, but honestly worth the price. I definitely took my time with this game. I never once felt like I wanted to put this game down."
,Recommended,324800,32847198,Posted: 27 June,all,pSwayze,"This game is a blast, but nothing like classic shadow warrior.  open world levels with tons and tons of enemies to slaughter.  Cool and Unique weapons that you can customize perk wise.  Plus this game offers free DLC and extra content for the game (not many games do this and I applaud this).Obviously this game is not like it used to be, but honestly they have done very very well.  A game play run through is probably about 5-8 hours with their being multiple difficulty levels.  Multiplayer is always a good time with friends.  this game is totally worth it at 40 bucks."
,Recommended,324800,33871880,Posted: 28 July,all,b1gw0lf,You are Wang. Wang kills demons. Demons drop stuff. Wang likes stuff. Stuff goes into your weapons. Your weapons like stuff. Wang likes his weapons. Wang's weapons like to kill demons. Wang likes when his weapons kill demons.
76561198020831584,Recommended,324800,28538901,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,arc361,This game is like side boob you want to see more but your fine with what you got.
,Recommended,324800,31735285,Posted: 13 May,all,Redhotjets,"Amazing game, AAA quality, crazy amount of weapons, lots of melee, bad jokes, politically incorrect, lots of upgrading and customisation like an RPG, some open worldness, well optimised, so many different ways of killing, pretty af, fun af, well worth a buy."
,Recommended,324800,26342375,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,lyravega,"Finished five times so far, excellent game. After every update, I check the game out and update this thing accordingly because I love it so much. Here is a quick summary:Pros:+ Price:Worth ratio is very, VERY high+ Melee combat is very satisfying and very well executed for an FPS game+ Upgrade system allows firearms to perform differently+ Skills system allows you to tailor your character the way you want to play it+ Online co-op (but there is a big negative to this as well)+ ""Semi-procedurally"" generated mapsNeutral:o No level capo Loot oriented gameo Great successoro A lot of weaponso Attention to detail is amazingo Excellent graphicso Level and art design is very well doneo Soundtrack is awesomeCons:- No endless / wave based arenas-Inventory system requires attention(patch 1.1.7.0 added filtering options)- Some upgrades have big drawbacks, especially at early levels to make then worthless- Some game mechanics require (more) explanation, and some don't make any sense-The negative of co-op:Currently, anyone that joins a game is an ""apprentice"" in essence, and the host is the ""master"". Apprentices don't progress in the story line as far as I can tell. While I appreciate online co-op, not allowing players to progress in their own game will probably keep them away from joining a co-op game till they finish their game at least oncePersonal/Extended Points:+ I don't know why they added ""semi"" in front of ""procedural"". This is what a lot of games out there already do, and they just call it ""procedural"". Technically, ""semi-procedural"" is right, but still. Compared to other games that semi-procedurally generate maps, this one has bigger chunks, but the detail went to them is greato Loot! You grab a lot of loot. In addition to upgrade gems that go into your weapons/armor, some weapons and some skills are also loot. Some may dislike it, but personally I like loot-oriented gameso Not exactly like the previous game; new additions and changes may not be well received by those who love the previous game, but personally I like every new addition and change- Some sort of wave based arena mode would be awesome for this game. A free DLC added some arenas, but they're 1-shots, and not wave based. You do them, then you can do them again, and you aren't rewarded with loot.Overall, I enjoy the game a lot. There isn't much left to do for me, so I decided to go on multiplayer a little, and it becomes much more fun in multiplayer of course. I really hope they'll release free & paid DLCs, because this game has insane potential. As I've said, money well spent. I'm looking forward for the future updates and DLCs as this game has become one of my favourites."
76561197989755432,Recommended,324800,34421626,Posted: 22 August,all,Heydeeohred,This game has the most believable dialogue out of any game ever made.Mess with the Bull and you get the Wang.10/10
76561198278429557,Recommended,324800,26048424,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,HyperionFIN,"Since it shares a lot with DOOM (both in style + in my eyes two of the best shooters of 2016) I'm going to do a comparison list.There is lot of reviews for SW2, but maybe this will offer a different angle for people who have played Doom & on fence about this game. Or on fence about which game to get.SIMILARITIES TO DOOM:- Very well optimized- Good graphics- Relatively bug-free- Very good selection of PC style graphics & HUD options- Gore, and some more gore- Old school, balls-to-the-wall action, little to none BS exposition- Fast and fluid movement- Various difficulty levels, that range from easy to very challenging- No manual saving, checkpoint system- Both have open levels, that encourage exploration & have secretsBETTER THAN DOOM:- The movement is even more fluid, even less limits than Doom- Melee combat. While Glory Kills in Doom are good, SW2 takes melee to another level.- More detailed gore. It's not scripted like in Doom, you can blast a hole into a big monster, and shoot through that hole at another enemy. Or cut off a leg, so enemy can't walk- Amount of weapons. SW2 has 70+ different weapons, that all have custom look and animations- The full campaign can be played with up to 4 player Coop (difficulty scales for it)- Every cutscene can be skipped. Doom locks you in a room few times & forces exposition- Enemies are actually ""scarier"" and more repulsive. You want to really kill those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.- More enemy types, while Doom has enough.- Humour if you happen to like the style of it. Prepare for barrage of dickjokes- Cheap price. It could easily be full priced like Doom, for some odd reason it's not- Better replay value. Monster placement is random, while in Doom some enemies spawn in 100% scripted location. Doom has replay value too though, it's largely not scripted either- Starting pistol is .44 Magnum. Doom's only unimpressive gun is the starting peashooterWORSE THAN DOOM:- Gun sounds. They lack some low end punch, while they are ok- Music. The 80's metal menu music is sadly best song of SW2. Mostly it's pretty generic background thing. Doom has better music, while there is some style similarities- Not sure if can be considered as downside, but there is even TOO much different unlocks and loot. At some point you don't know anymore what to do with them & kinda stop caring- Character models in cutscenes aren't maybe AAA quality as rest of the graphicsDIFFERENCE TO DOOM:- SW2 isn't serious. It's filled with politically incorrect humour, F-word usage and dickjokes. I found it hilarious, some might not- Levels are more colorful and varied. Doom less so, with basically 2 looks (Mars and Hell)- More emphasis on looting and customizing weapons, more like mix of Borderlands and Doom- No PvP Multiplayer. Won't count it as a flaw, because Doom MP is nothing to write home about. Doom is mainly acclaimed for it's SP campaignIf you can't decide between Doom or this, hope this helped. If you can, get both."
76561198064106555,Recommended,324800,26015669,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,mrorange,"Great first person shooter with RPG and loot elements as well as a lot of options when it comes to graphics and key mapping. Not stutter whatsoever, perfectly optimized. No port but PC developed.If you like the previous title, you should definitely go for it. If you liked Borderlands, Destiny or Doom you should also go for it.Only thing I am missing are native 3D vision options like in the previous title. I hope the developers will patch this in."
,Recommended,324800,26083874,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,NoiseGrinder,It's a Polish game set in Japan with a Chinese protagonist who speaks English and uses American guns.11/10 would make it a melting pot again.
76561198063081334,Recommended,324800,26714508,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Batman,"TLDR: This game is great, there is so many solid reasons to give it a recommendation. The most important one being that this is literally a AAA game standard at a B game price. It still feels like a steal even if you buy it right now at full price.Edit: Also, this game should be named game of the year by reviewers.Before review, I'll talk about some of the critisim I saw in others' reviews:1)Poor graphics.Seriously, do me a favor and just down-rate any review you see that complains about this. Just go compare the screenshots of this game from community hub with other games, even the triple-A games. This game has beautiful graphics comparable to other much more expensive titles. Not to say that this game is the pinnacle of gaming graphcis but there's very little to complain about if you're being honest with yourself.2)Frustrating inventory full of junk.To be honest, inventory management aren't well designed and took about 10-15% of my gaming time. Do keep this in mind if you don't like to plan or look at fine prints of a game. You can play the game at a lower difficulty setting and completely ignore this portion of the game if you hate inventory management or looking through a list of available upgrades.3)Game difficulty.The difficulty descriptions are detailed when starting new game so much so they even give the exact % increase in received damage, enemy HP and exp gained. But if you haven't started playing I highly recommend you to play this game near the highest difficulty level. Normal feels like easy and Hard doesn't feel hard. Insanity level 1 feels more like somewhere between normal and hard of a typical game. Keep this in mind when you start a new game. If you like a challenge just keep changing difficulty level to the highest one available based on your character level. Only at insanity level 4 did I feel like the game is at hard core mode of a typical game.4)Bad story.As most story and artisitic appreciation goes, this is very subjective. Shadow Warrior 2013 wins in terms of the raw feel it deliveries. In particular the humor and x factor if that's even a thing. And Shadow Warrior 2013 has a stronger ending. But due to all the added dimensions of the story in SW2 I feel that the story here is more rich and there's alot more lore building. There's alot of small notes you can find and collect and read when the game ends. Its nothing as ground breaking as Resident Evil's ""Fever gone but itchy. Hungry and eat doggy food. Itchy Itchy Scott came. Ugly face so killed him. Tasty."". But to be fair they are interesting to read anyway. Oh and SW2 ending suck.5)Frustrating element system.There are 2 sets of element. If enemy is immune to poison, it is weak to electric and vise versa. If enemy is immune to fire, it is weak to ice and vise versa. Very simple mechanics and yet people feel it keeps them from enjoying the game. I feel its interesting and prevents gamers from bulldozing through the game mindlessly. So, I like it.6)Boring fetch quests.The quests actually adds abit of story and conversation between Lo Wang and NPCs so its not all boring. Honestly, you can literally rush through the level without fighting and finish the quest quite quickly. Problem solved. You know a complaint is stupid if its solution is one only sentence and doesn't require any sacrifice of any sort. Also, no idea why such a subjective opinion get repeated in the exact same phrasing so many times. Feels almost like its the same guy who bought many copies of the game just to lower the rating of this game to below 90%.7)Game gets old fast.Another stupid complaint. The game is actually very interesting due to high customizability to gamer's perferences. See point ""8"" of my review of this game below and you'll see why.Before I go ahead and review this game, I'll just go right ahead and mention the following:1)Preorder discount.You get 10% upfront for pre-order or 20% if you already own the previous game. I'll be lying if I said it didn't affect my impression of this game and their dev team and management. Doing so not only win fans' hearts, it also kinda shows how they're not here for the money. Also reminds me of some of the cool people I've met in my life who I wouldn't mind buying them drinks every once in awhile.2)Lack of bug and optimization issues.Sounds like a weird thing to mention except when you look at recent releases like Mafia 3 and Dishonored 2 etc. Oh, and the not so recent Arkham Knight. I basically feel its quite shameless to release games in broken condition and it seems to be a common trend these days.In short, looking beyond the game itself. These guys are a good bunch of fellows who did their job well and aren't here just to make money. Not say that they don't wish to profit, but obviously they don't do so by doing questionable things like selling out on people's trust in them.Wow, I've already said so much about this game I'm feel sleepy. Anyway, here comes the review:1) This game has a 89% rating. So, if you're not picky as hell there's a good chance you'll enjoy youself playing this game.2) Good graphcis.3) Fast pace awesome action game.4)Better than Doom 2016.Yup, your eyes aren't playing tricks. I'm going to go ahead and say that this game is so good that I feel that its better than Doom. Down rate this review if you disagree but this is how I feel honestly. From story to game design to environment design to just how the game generally feels.5) Good story. But bad ending.6) Good music. I mean like seriously good. But you may need the Deluxe Upgrade to enjoy it fully.7) Good value for money. This is literally a AAA game at a B game price. Definitely must buy.8) Notable improvements above Shadow Warrior 2013.8a) Ammunition used to be insufficient at high difficulty due to high enemy HP. Less of an issue now. Basically you are not forced to use melee weapon at high difficulty levels.8b) Interest factor. Getting new weapon, skill etc constantly allowed me to constantly enjoy the game in a new light.8c) Customizability. You can spec your character to DPS Build (High Crit Change and Dmg Bonus), Tank Build (Dmg resist and HP), Invisibility High Dmg Build (Raw Damage without Crit), High Mobility Build etc etc. You can abuse the mechanics of the game in a very forcus specific way using upgrades and they are fun in their own way. Btw, high dps means you can hack and slash and make use of high DPS. Invis however means you have to hit enemies one hit at a time as invisibility bonnus damage only applies for one attack and then you will have to go invis again so Crit chance and damage doesn't apply with consistency here.8d) Free Roam. I like how I can go back to stages I've completed before.8e) I know how many people say its like Diablo or Borderlands but is that necessarily bad Subjective if you ask me.8f) Also the elemental system. I think I find it fun. I like how I can poison and burn enemies to death, freeze or paralyse enemies with ice or electricity. I like especially how corpse of poisoned enemies explodes and poisons + damage other enemies near them. Fun to see a chain of explosions. Disagree if you like, then just ignore this point as an improvement.8g) No need to find all secrets for achievement. I think you only need to find about 70-80% to unlock achievement which I think is much more reasonable than having to find them all.9)Photo Mode. I love how I can take photos of scenic views when I see one. Might even say the whole gaming experience feels like a vacation in Lo Wang's world.10)Co-opDidn't actually try. Seems like there's a friendlist and a public mode.So, to conclude just buy the game already. I'm sure its obvious that you will very likely enjoy it and find every dollar spent well worth it."
,Recommended,324800,26941200,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rawnii #RainbowDicks,Like Doom with more Wang.
,Not Recommended,324800,32118280,Posted: 1 June,all,Scopedog,"Considering its origins among the many mid 90s Doom clones, the 2013 Shadow Warrior felt ironically like a precursor to the excellent 2016 Doom reboot – a relentless ultra violent shooter that was scrappy but full of heart (and blood). To me it showed that there was still a market for linear, story driven corridor shooters with great encounter design and glorious OOT combat , even if the level design wasn’t always top drawer.Shadow Warrior 2 is inferior to the original in nearly every way, and its obvious appeal to more mainstream sensibilities breaks my black demon heart. Structurally the game is completely different - it now has a more open, mission based structure with objectives on large maps. Mission design is universally unimaginative, all being variations on go here and push button, go here and kill boss, or kill X number of monsters. Enemies are found in MMORPG style mobs – they’re largely random, and feel slapdash and unbalanced as a result.Then there’s the loot. It’s clear that SW2 takes a lot of inspiration from Borderlands, and by inspiration I mean stealing wholesale and filing off the serial numbers. Enemies explode into money, health packs, weapon upgrades and ammo like meaty piñatas. Numbers pop out of enemy heads when they are damaged, and most foes are tedious bullet sponges. The main difference is unlike borderlands there are a smaller number of weapons that can be enhanced with the literally hundreds of gems you acquire.And what this means is spending forever in menus, comparing gems to eke an extra 0.1% damage out of one of your five marginally different shotguns. In a game like shadow warrior this sort of banal RPG tinkering flies in the face of it’s reckless, fast paced combat. With RPG mechanics comes the ability to break the game, and with a few health stealing upgrades the game becomes nearly trivial on normal difficulty.In spite of this, the core combat still remains mostly entertaining with some quality of life improvements in controls. The sword skills and magic powers have been condensed and are now less clunky and more universally useful, and it definitely feels like a character can be built in a specific way to suit your playstyle – I went heavy on the magic and swordplay while using guns mainly to spice things up. The melee combat is as satisfying and absurd as ever, and you can de-limb enemies while they continue to fight which is exactly as Pythonesque as it sounds.If it seems like I’ve relegated the plot to a footnote, that’s because it is. The first game somehow managed to tell a surprisingly compelling and heartfelt story amongst the relentless♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes and borderline racism. Shadow Warrior 2 tries the same trick twice - we have another ethereal companion, but her stroppy straight man act has none of the chemistry of Lo Wang and Hoji. Like most open games, the story feels fragmented and sparse with no sense of pacing, and the insistence on using many side characters from the first game with no re-introduction is confusing for returning players, and nigh impenetrable for the new players it is obviously courting.It was with a sad sense of relief that I finished Shadow Warrior 2, and its cynical mainstream pandering feels a bit poorly considered following the success of Doom. I always wondered what Flying Wild Hog could achieve with a bigger budget – unfortunately this may be the creatively empty, radio friendly album that catapults them to stardom."
,Recommended,324800,28436640,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Omabear,"Shadow Warrior 2 is a first person shoot & loot that is the result of a drunk threesome between Shadow Warrior 1, Borderlands, and Blade Runner. Shadow Warrior 2 falls flat in a few important areas which are made up for with crude humor and bloody gameplay.Pros:+ Fast paced movement and combat+ Humorous+ Large weapon and skill variety+ Enemy strengths/weaknesses+ Beautiful graphics and lighting+ Fortune cookies!Cons:- Recycled maps for most missions- Grindy gameplay- Boss fights are too easy (On level 2 difficulty, suggest cranking it up for a good challenge)- Unsatisfying ending(Grab the loot before interacting with final boss! It will disappear!)- Clipping issues, chance of a dropped item getting swallowed up by the floor"
,Recommended,324800,31892365,Posted: 21 May,all,Ghost Poop,This game lights up only the W-A-N-G keys on my RGB keyboard on the loading screen. 10/10
,Recommended,324800,26018962,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Oshidodo,"Best Quote of the Game"" I just wanted to pet the rabbits George.. ""-Lo Wang 2016, after messing alot of sh*t upStory + Side - Missions Playtime = 11 hours 40 Minutes. (Discluding collecting all collectables)I purchased the Deluxe version of Shadow Warrior 2 and of course I was quite skeptical since preordering is usually never my thing however Shadow warrior 2 has not failed to deliver. I wont say anything related to the story however the game works as you being at homebase and going to your choice of person to do a quest or mission for and receiving certain rewards for completing that quest such as weapons, money and upgrades etc.This is a great game and I'd totally reccommend anyone whos a complete psychopath that likes running around dismembering / blasting people, monsters and mutated rabbits to get this game and let themselves free.Pros- Wang still giving everyone the ultimate wang- Smooth fluid gameplay- Hilarious Dialogue- Variety of beautiful weapons to plough and dismember your enemies with- Beautiful Aesthetics & Graphics- Great Voice ActorsCons / Bugs;- Side Quests reuse the same areas- Rare Crashes- Clipping Cutscenes- Floating objects from time to time- Multiplayer Player Models Bugging Out15/10/2016 Update known bugs (The game is still playable and the bugs dont go as far as making the game completely unplayable, just a little patience)- Stuck on Loading Screen- Detiorated Graphics- Buggy Character lines"
,Recommended,324800,26019525,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,GunGuitarist,"It's like DOOM 2016, built upon the pre-existing Shadow Warrior mechanics, and added diablo/borderlands loot systems.-Incredibly optimzied-really good price for a AAA title-fast paced combat-open, varied, and colorful level designWang/10"
,Recommended,324800,26104258,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Melody,"What would happen if you could mix Doom, Diablo, Duke Nukem and Borderlands in a blender? You would probably get something like this game.I played the previous SW and it was a great game, but it was single-player only and had a more linear gameplay, now the game has changed a lot for good I think.Shadow Warrior 2 is a full action packed - fast paced game with nice graphics, classic gameplay and lots of politically incorrect humor.Combat is fun and fast, there are so many weapons to pick from, upgrades, tons of loot and even some talents you can use to improve your character.The graphics look nice and even impressive at some points (like storms, I really liked that) also the game runs nicely.It has a good soundtrack and price is really cool since this game has AAA quality!Finally, the most important part to me is Co-op, it is amazing, really fun to play it with friends. I highly recommend SW2 to anyone looking for a co-op action game.In general, this is the game very few were expecting but that everyone wants.¿Qué pasaría si pudieras mezclar Doom, Diablo, Duke Nukem y Borderlands en una licuadora? Probablemente obtendrías un juego como este.Jugué el anterior SW y era un gran juego, pero solo era para un jugador y tenía una jugabilidad más linear, ahora el juego ha cambiado bastante para bien creo yo.Shadow Warrior 2 es un juego lleno de acción rápida con buenas gráficas, jugabilidad clásica y mucho humor políticamente incorrecto.El combate es rápido y divertido, hay muchas armas para elegir, mejoras, muchísimo botín a obtener e incluso algunos talentos para mejorar a tu personaje.Las gráficas lucen bien e incluso impresionantes en algunos puntos (como las tormentas, en verdad me gustó eso) y  el juego corre muy bien.Tiene una buena banda sonora y el precio esta genial ¡ya que este juego tiene calidad AAA!Por último la parte más importante para mí es el cooperativo, es increíble, en verdad muy divertido de jugar con amigos. Lo recomiendo bastante a cualquiera que esté buscando un juego de acción cooperativa.En general, este es el juego que muy pocos esperaban, pero que todo el mundo quiere."
,Recommended,324800,26016311,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Grand-K,"I'm all wang baby, I gots my chApperz toyz.Running GTX 760 / 16gb / AMD 8370 / SSD - 70-80fps (some drops in areas but patch mite fix)Runs smooth on ultra/high some medium settings no screen tearing with v-sync off looks amazingSo far I'm having a blast, I'm playing game mode no pain no gain.I recommend if you like fast paste FPS F-ing badas.The Humor is top notch I find my self giggling to much.Plus the gore its satisfying.Weapons feel great to use.RPG element works great so far."
,Recommended,324800,28696364,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,windycornertv,It's like Borderlands....but better since you don't have to give money to Randy Pitchford.
76561197970484856,Recommended,324800,32814112,Posted: 26 June,all,BZPlasma,"Almost as fun as the first game. The sword combat is very addicting and fun. You feel like a true badass. The Borderlands style approach to the level design is disappointing. The game should have been more like the original and less ""open world"". All the missions are used by the same level template again and again and it feels like there are only 10 different level templates in total that are reused through story or side missions. Only the sword combat carries the player through the game and keeps you wanting to play. 6.5/10"
,Recommended,324800,26016155,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,ZoSo,"I know it's too early to judge. I know it's too early to review, but Lo Wang deserves to be the exception that breaks the rule. I have to risk it.The game was a success before it was even released. Thanks to an amazing developer team that works along with it's community to take an already kick♥♥♥♥♥game like Shadow Warrior to the next level. The 80's action movie feeling, with even it's own 80's song composed by the man himself, Stan Bushhttps://youtu.be/rRd--NACe5wYou combine that with an amazing oriental modern theme and put in the front a man like Lo Wang and it creates a totem you just can't ressist.No ♥♥♥♥♥♥ DRM politics. No ♥♥♥♥♥♥ micro-transactions in a single-player game. No full of crap season passes. A full of content day 1 game, just the way it should always be. You can feel the love they put into making Shadow Warrior 2 in every corner.The optimization is fantastic, full of features like photo mode, and experimental graphic filters like Nvidia multi-res shading . You can customize everything you desire and it works flawlessly. The controls are responsive, well designed and tight. The devs themselves are helping out people in the forum with technical problems (they just did with one i had), and that says a lot about the passion for their work those guys have. Beautiful artistic design and graphical fidelity, and i got all that for just 29 bucks. It's kinda hard to believe to see a game like Shadow Warrior 2 these times, honestly.I loved Hard Reset. I loved Shadow Warrior and i'm gonna love Shadow Warrior 2. My sincere congratulations to Flying Wild Hog for just another fantastic FPS. They are the example 90% of publishers and studios should follow.Now, if you ladies excuse me, i have to go back to the game and get some more Wang."
,Recommended,324800,26031939,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,DeL,玩了这么一会，稍微说说感受：比1代爽快，没1代核心向。好好的操作类游戏弄的和无主之地似的。单人最高难度开局，过了5个图打了数个精英怪 or boss，全程初始武士刀蓄力突刺+冲刺+跳跃闪避拉开距离+蓄力突刺循环即可，管你什么怪，都是辣鸡。多人游戏对我这种人太不友好了，先不说网络优化问题，邀请好友还得在游戏列表里找，mdzz我1000多个好友大海捞针。
76561198077485290,Recommended,324800,29627234,Posted: 1 February,all,HxBi,This game makes me feel like a pro genji10/10
,Recommended,324800,26097002,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,js,"Shadow Warrior 2 have several changes comparte to the previous shadow warrior reboot, It plays like Doom reboot with katana and diablo-like loot system. This game did have some issues, but overall it is a 8/10 for me, im having a blast playing single player mode and currently starting a second run on higher difficulties with my old save file.Features added: (some of it might not be a ""good"" improvements, but kudos to the devs that try out different things)-Loot system.-Procedurally generated terrain and enemies.(*edit: The level is random compounded with handcrafted levelparts. The enemies are also handcrafted. The only thing which is procedural is the mesh cutting of the enemys.) Thanks for correction Mr. Cry Posthuman-Pseudo open world.-Co-op mode.-Map. (Thanks dev! For whatever reason i always get motion sickness while playing fps games without map)Pros:-Extremely fast phase and satisfying combat, visual and audio feedback of shooting and melee is top notch, not quite dying light level but its up there. It feels good to slice through demons with katana, the movements is smooth, you can reload while dashing, when you get the hang of the game it is very fun to play. This game definitely need a horde mode!-Good enemy variety, so far my favourite enemy types is the dude with a big bell and the charger dude with shield.-Very good weapon variety, majority of them plays differently.Shotgun and ending katana is quite OP-Decent replay value, the combat system itself carry the game. Highly recommend beat the game on normal first, then use your old save file and replay the campaign in higher difficulties. It solve the bullet spongy problem most people complain about.-Over the top WANG jokes and story. If you can't tolerate♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes, there is an option to skip the dialogue and cutscene.-Well optimized, got 60fps on high settings with my gtx960.Cons:-Although the gem system in this game offers more weapon variety, but it is a mess, remind me of vanilla diablo 3, too much useless loots. I rather them drop less frequent but useful one.-Loot system hurt the pacing of the game, i found myself enjoy more when i stop looking at my loot drop during gameplay.-The UI is quite PC friendly, but it could use some more improvements especially the geming UI is a big pile of mess.-Boss fight is mostly forgettable and underwhelming, the flow chart mostly will be: first, you damage them to a certain hit points, then they go invinsible mode and spawn some enemies, the boss heal up while you kill the small enemies they spawn, after that, kill the boss. This boss pattern get reused in multiple level.-This might be a very niche complain, but the absence of throwing star in a ninja game is bugging me out for some reason.-Element system is poorly done and in my opinion shouldn't be in the game, you need to ""read"" the text below enemies health bar to know which element they are immune to, reading text while playing a fast phase shooter kills the immersion and pacing of the game. Please get rid of it.-Power immunity enemy appear too frequently! The devs design alot of cool abilities for us but they also ""remove"" it by drowning us with power immunity tag enemies. At the end i end up leveling abilities that are immune to ""power immunity"" which is mostly boring passive bonusses. It kind of discourage me to try most of the active spells.Suggestion: (game is good but there is still room to improves maybe for the next sequel)-A better NG+, I have no problem with the current diifficulties increase NG+, it would be nice to have NG+ that partially change the gameplay.-More support to co-op, currently it feels barebone. Flying Wild Hog did promiss to improve co-op in the future.-More gameplay variety, this game is mostly just shoot stuff, it is fun because the gunplay is already good by itself, i would suggest add some alternative game mode such as tower defense mode since this game already have gem upgrade that turn your weapons into turret. The game plot is already very zany, might as well go crazy with it.-The in-game hub is a huge miss opporturnity, it serve very little purpose other than placing quest giver and shop, customizable Wang's cave would be nice, gamer loves building home in their own games.-Secret is really under-ultilize in this game, i know u guys hide it well, but most of us have no motivation to find it. On 18 Oct, there is 2.1% of SW2 owners complete the ""found 15 secrets"" achievements, a features that less people care is a waste of time & investment. Make it like mafia III collectibles, and combine it with custimizable wang's cave, players will be more motivate to find secrets."
,Recommended,324800,26022350,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Holo The Bad Wolf,"Game is great and runs like a charm. Feels like they polished up from the last, guns actually feel good this time to use. All the weapons so far have all felt very different and felt great to use, specially the chainsword and shotgun. Love the soundtrack and love that it kept its humor. The procedural generation is nice as well, normally games with that have odd pathing or the enviroments and layout just is weird but in Shadow Warrior 2 they all feel pretty good."
,Recommended,324800,32909523,Posted: 27 June,all,Chickenb00,"PROS: More of the same from Shadow Warrior 2013. Same great melee (now with chainsaws!), great gun variety, fun Chi powers, and skills to customize your play style.Well optimized game engine yields high performance with beautiful visuals with very minimal slow down.Wang's one liners lighten the game up.Looting upgrades seemed like a chore at first but quickly became a fun game feature, as it allows the player even further customization of how their weapon is used. With 8 weapon slots, the player can have two weapons for each damage element (fire ice electric poison) for use against enemies with resistances and weaknesses. The upgrades seem designed such that optimization is there if you want to make the effort, but simply throwing in a random assortment of upgrades usually does the trick as well.Plays wonderfully with Steam Controller but requires a bit of thoughtful configuration to make it play perfectly since there's a lot of hotkeys.CONS: Long in-game cutscenes are okay at first but towards the end of the game I started to skip them. Would be better if there were a choice for which quip we want to make as a dialogue choice.Finding secrets is a bit of a chore, I liked SW2013's take on finding low-poly Build Engine-esque rooms more than SW2's approach. I have found 15 secrets in 25 hours and I'm not going to go for the 50 secrets achievement, it's annoying trodding around the levels looking for secrets.I recommend this if you liked SW2013, want a tongue-in-cheeck FPS, want to play coop, or enjoy FPS melee."
,Recommended,324800,26178746,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Darkness Rush,"Shadow warrior 2 takes place five years after Lo Wang broke his alliance with his former boss known as ""zilla""Despite his efforts to destroy the shadow realm, he made a world where demons and humans live side by side.The game starts off with Lo Wang driving in his car, which is suddenly knocked over by demons and you land right next to the road.You start off with a Katana and a simple Revolver and the sword handle's a lot different than the first game which is a good thing, it took me a while to get used to it after beating the first Shadow Warrior and directly hopping into the sequel.For example you don't have to press: ""W, W and Right mouse button"" for a simple combination they made it easier by just letting us hold ""W and right mouse button"" which is a huge improvement from the first game.The gun play feels more solid and realistic as well the guns feel like they have actual recoil for example.The game also introduces new weapon types like, short blades, bows, chainsaws and heavy weapons.They also added elements in the game, which are: ""ice, fire, toxic and electric"" these elements are a good upgrade for both your melee and ranged weapons.Enemies can be resistant, immune or vulnerable to those elements so you have to switch weapons from time to time depending on your enemies vulnerability or resistance.You have four difficulty levels to choose from, Tiny grasshopper, I have no fear, Who wants Wang? and No pain No gain.If you play on the ""Tiny grasshopper"" difficulty then you will recieve 50% less damage, you will have more consumables, small penalty after dying but your characters over level 40 will gain experience much slower.If you are playing on ""I have no fear"" then player recieves 100% damage which is the normal amount of damage, a standard amount of consumables, regular penalty after dying, normal enemies get their health restored up to 50% after dying.When you are playing on the ""Who wants Wang"" difficulty then the player recieves 50% more damage, enemies have 50% more Health, enemies have stronger auras and higher elemental resistanceYou will face more special enemies with less consumables, greater penalty after dying, normal enemies get their heath fully restored and special enemies get their health restored to 50% after dying.But you will find better and more loot.If you are like me and decide to play on ""No pain no gain"" then you recieve 100% more damage. enemies have their health increased by 90% and the have the strongest aura and the highest elemental resistance.The game also spawns in even more special enemies and you will have the least consumables, your death penalty is also huge and every enemy gets their health fully restored after dying, including bosses.I highly recommend that you play on ""No pain no gain"" since there is a lot of chaos and the game tests your movement, speed and aim, the loot you'll get from enemies is also a lot better legendary items are a lot more common which means you can upgrade your weapons more quickly.Lo Wang is also a quite funny character if not a bit childish at times for example in the beginning of the game after running away from a lot of demons, he cuts down a bridge, laughs at the demons on the other side while flipping the bird and shouting ""haha f*ckers"" at them.There were a few times when it got annoying like sometimes he tried to be funny in major plot dialog which got a bit annoying from time to time, a character in the beginning even told him to shut up.However his dialog in combat got a bit repetitive at times for example I think I heard ""You mess with the bull, you get the wang"" over twenty times in around 16 hours of gameplay.The music however is decent especially with the intro cutscene you will hear ""You Got The Touch"" by Stan Bush, or ""Warrior"" when you are fighting the final boss also By Stan Bush.However in combat it felt like it was changing often from time to time which is a downside for me.Comming to a verdict this game plays solid, the gun and sword play feel really good, the music is alright I guess.I had some framerate issue's in certain area's which was a bit annoying and Lo Wang can be really childish at times.I definitely recommend keeping underaged people away from this game due to all the sex and drug references, d*ck jokes and there is a lot of swearing.Overal I think this game deserves a 7.5/10.So who wants some Wang ;)"
76561198039394097,Recommended,324800,34423356,Posted: 22 August,all,Nitro,"A game i highly recommend, with a warning.This game is a fantastic amount of fun for a first playthrough. Simple to learn and hard to master combat, great melee combat, fun guns. The first time you play this you will have a ball, especially with friends.HOWEVERThat comes with a slight set of conditions you need to be aware of.First off, on difficulties above easy, the game is not a matter of you killing baddies together, its about you and your friends ALL having to focus ALL of their bullets on ALL bad guys to kill them, in a similar vein to borderlands bosses, theres no ""duuuuude I killed the bad guy"" theres just you and your friends fighting over who got the last shot of 1000 shots in on a baddie. I dislike this myself, but not everyone does. I just tend to prefer difficult enemies or more of the enemies rather than just making the same enemies into bullet sponges.Speaking of that, theres very few bosses that arent just massive versions of the normal enemies, which is another big red mark for me. I hate that mentality with a passion.Next is the replayability. This game was touted as a randomized mission generator where you could replay missions over and over and have a new experience every time. The issue is, you can't do that at all. You can revisit ""Locales"" and just roam around aimlessely killing things, but no redoing missions, no random mission generator (even though that would be stupid easy to implement) You play through the story, then restart, and do it again, no replaying missions or generating new ones.Last on the red marks list is the RPG system coupled with the guns. In a game with so much firepower diversity, seeing weapons that are statistically total upgrades of other guns is a red mark. All the melee weapons feeling essentially the same (Save for a few that have ranged abilities and such) is another red mark. The RPG system is at both times cool and infuriating. Grinding and desperately trying to get the upgrades you need so your gun doesnt totally suck can take an immense amount of effort and time and its likely it will be a FEW PLAYTHROUGHS before your gun or sword is as badass as you wanted it to be. The bright side to this system is that some upgrades actually drastically alter the guns behaviors (Akimbo, for instance) and are animated and fun and not just stat changes.So there you have it, I said you should get it then listed problems, how typical of me. Shadow warrior 2 IS fun and it does satisfy that niche where doom meets random generation and has some snuff film aspects thrown in with a peppering of poorly written♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes. You will enjoy this! but the lesson I want to convey is I bought a random generation coop game with tons of guns in it, and only played it for 15 hours, which is just 1 playthrough with all side missions and main missions done to their fullest with LOTS of exploring. A game that offers all this game is supposed to should be a 100+ hour game, easy. Thankfully its price is fair in the face of this, and you will still likely feel you got your moneys worth."
,Recommended,324800,28261016,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Judge Kek,10/10 Devs actually love us.
,Recommended,324800,29381622,Posted: 20 January,all,nagi,"They say it's all fun and games until someone loses an arm or a head, Shadow Warrior 2 is fun because someone loses an arm and a head.Extremely fun on insane difficulty with a good melee build and good weapons and some secondary guns like a shotgun. Some enemies are just annoying, some bosses are nothing more than bullet sponges, but all-in-all, the gameplay is good.The weapon selection has two problems: there are too many (you won't use most of them) and there aren't enough (borderlands/diablo-like random generation with the current selection as legendaries might have been a better idea)The writing and acting is roughly in line with the first game, but stretched over a much bigger sequel. I'd say it sometimes lets you down, and at other times, it clumps up to provide heaps of fun, although the sequel does not have such great geek moments as thesinging Wang or when he went and shaved his head in his cave. Also, our new co-pilot does not mesh with Wang as well as Hoji did. She's fun,and warms up at the end, but the real magic is missing unfortunately.I have not tried the multiplayer, so can't talk about that.To sum up: you still can't go wrong with Wang!"
,Recommended,324800,31856337,Posted: 20 May,all,Mr.Cypher!,"Wang And So Much More !!Man I totally love the direction they took this game . I LOVED the Shadow Warrior and its Remake . But in this one they added a very neat loot system that is like that of Borderlands games . You can customize your character with a variety of upgrades to gear and weapons . The game plays kind of like a RPGish in a way , you go on quests and turn them in for rewards and stuff . They have main missions and side missions . The maps are very big and you can kind of go about them in your own way.The game also has Co-Op ! Up to Four Players ! So you can slash some demons up with some friends !The games GFX are real nice and there is no issues i can see with its engine , so thats a plus there. I'm running mine at 1080p on Ultra and runs fine and i dont have a beefy new system by a long shot .  The controls are pretty much the same as Shadow Warrior.As for Price .... WORTH EVERY PENNY ! But... If you can get it on sale its a 100% no brainer !So i give this one 2 thumbs up that i sliced off a demon :D  Check it out !http://store.steampowered.com/app/324800/Shadow_Warrior_2/"
,Recommended,324800,30971585,Posted: 5 April,all,Purrmaid,"Shadow Warrior has quickly become one of my favorite games. I'm not sure I have words enough to describe this beauty.But I'll try to sum it up:+ Huge weapon collection(From katanas, to ninjastars, to shotguns, to chainsaws, They kind of had it all!)+ Great upgrade system(You get three slots on your weapons, and you can put in gems and remove whenever you feel like it)(Later in the game, you can make this four slots)(There is a forge where you can put in three upgrades, and get one higher level upgrade back. Made farming for money a lot of fun)+ Skill reset at the store(Speaking of skill reset, there were skill-cards you could get. Which could do a number of things: Increase HP, increase loot-radius, and even give your weapons special attacks. You'd get skill points when leveling, and this could be used on these cards.)+ The game has an amazing photo-mode, normally I'll thank the gods when any game has an Hide-UI option, because I like screenshots. SW2 takes this to the extreme, in photo-mode you freeze everything, you can move the camera around and even change settings (and add filter. As I said: to the extreme!) Sadly this doesn't work in multiplayer mode.+ A lot of difficulty settings.Personally, I don't consider myself the most skilled gamer so I'm quite surprised that me and my partner finished this game on the forth difficulty settings (insanity). We had started the game on normal, changed to hard after two hours. And at the 6 hour-mark I found it too easy, and started fresh on insanity mode. Now this might be because we were multiplayer, and multiplayer might have balance issues but even insanity was easy at times. Of course, once you beat the game you unlock insanity 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, and 7. Depending on your level of course. We tried insanity 3 and it was super hard, we'd have to change out all our weapon gems and tactics or we couldn't do it.(I of course decided to start insanity mode on fresh, because if I was gonna finish it on insanity, I was darn well gonna get the achievement for it! Which you don't get if you change your difficulty in the middle of the game. Funnily the hardest part of insanity was the tutorial mission, because you had no upgrades to play with and only two weapons)(Found out later though, that I could have started a new game with the previous character and changed the difficulty level)Multiplayer:+ Can change difficulty depending on how many players you are, (aka: not forced into a 4 man party and so on, you can be 2, 3, 5, etc etc)- The host had to connect to a map before the others could, which includes clicking a button at the end of the loading screen. Which means if the host takes a quick brb, the others won't be able to enter the map untill the host returns.- Some multiplayer achievements are bugged if you're not the host. (Mostly story-related achievements, but a few other random ones)- As the host of the game, I got more information. Like, when hitting a mob I'd get an arrow up or down next to my damage that would tell me if my elemental damage was being resisted or not, my partner didn't get these arrows.- Photo-mode doesn't work in multiplayer, not even in the main town or in places where there were no mobs.Last notes:As a warning, I'd like to note that there is a lot of swearing and mature language in the game. (and quite a lot of immature jokes). Personally I found the characters hilarious and fell completely inlove with Lo Wang.The game is beautiful, the story had a few twists I wasn't expecting, the combat is sleek, it's one of those must-plays if you're a co-oper."
,Recommended,324800,26017287,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Fwostylicious,"I played the 2013 Shadow Warrior Never regret any of it probably one of the best games i've ever played. Now 3 years later Shadow warrior 2! I pre-order it as soon it's avaible and i was super excited   about it. And now after few hours into the game with a friend in Co-op, I can at least say this is the best game of this year so far. Whats so great about the game is its Pure humour with the protagonist doing silly/dirty jokes sometimes but this game is golden. The graphics has improved alot since 2013! The game lived up far more then i expected it too be! I'd give this game a 9.5/10(MAKE SHADOW WARRIOR 3 ALREADY PLEASSSSSSEEEEE!!!!!!))))Best Comedy game of 2016"
,Recommended,324800,31250706,Posted: 19 April,all,Rk_fraGGers,yes  great fun playinng this having di.k jokes ... killing all those demons... devs also release free dlcs time and time again which is rare now a days.......
76561197992674721,Recommended,324800,26041735,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,DDD,"Well since the game has Extremely positive reviews on steam, may i add one more extremely positive review to steam for the store page then.Yes the game KICKS 4SS !!!! First of all the graphics and animations, lightning is STUNNING, and the game runs perfectly on ultra settings.Secondo the gameplay is like in number 1 exquisite but even better here !!! with enhanced animations and tons of new weapons crazier one more than the other.The levels are incredible and the devs put so much love and detail into each of them its totally crazy !!!All in all yesss the game is a GEM, i would give it a Ultra Solid 9/10"
,Recommended,324800,26069066,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,The_Reaper95,"Finally, a singleplayer/co-op game in 2016 that wasn't either a trashy disappointment or a buggy unoptimized mess! This is how games should be on PC.If you're a fan of Shadow Warrior (The Reboot and the original) you will love this. It's slightly different, less linear due to the (Alleged) partially procedually generated levels. But overall, the♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes, the combat. Arcadey and ♥♥♥♥ing incredible.We got wang, we wanted more wang, we got more wang. That's the way(/ng) it goes).I completed the Story Mode and All Side Quests (And a majority of the achievements) on No Pain No Gain (Insane) Difficulty in roughly 40 hours. As someone who is a completionist, I was surprised that I didn't even need to get all Achievements just to get my money's worth.As someone who wholeheartedly values the logic of £1 Should Equal 1 Hour of Game Content, [Cheers Spoole], this has thouroughly impressed due to the length alone.On to the basics;Overall I loved the look of this game, especially with the HDR option enabled for my 4K panel. Looks beautiful at max settings without, but colours obviously look more vibrant with HDR enabled.This game is very well optimized. I have a 6600k OC'd@4.2Ghz, GTX 980 at stock speeds and 16GB DDR4 Quad Channel at 2400Mhz. I have played through this entire game twice now at 1440p, Max Settings. 60FPS without dropping a frame 99% of the time (Motion Blur, Chromatic Abberation, Film Grain, etc, were disabled, they make games look worse IMO) the only time I dropped frames was when I encounted some very weird but incredibly rare physics glitches that causes dead enemies to connect with the level environment, causing framerate loss. But I doubt most people will even encounter this.Combat is smooth. And I mean smooth. Responsive, sharp controls. Dodging and slashing, connecting hits on enemies you can't even see makes you feel incredible as a player. It makes you feel cool, it makes your wang very, very hard....Not to enjoy as you cut enemies to bits with the procedual cutting system that really just adds to the experience in a practically minor, but aesthetically major way.Pros++Optimized for all sorts of set ups and GPU's. Widescreen, 4K, 144Hz, SLI. You name it, this games got it. That's just how it ♥♥♥♥ing should be.+Gameplay is silky smooth, responsive, fun, engaging. Combat can be as slow or as fast paced as you want it, Enemies always keep up (Or Vice versa)+Game length is notable. Longer than the first game at least. I completed the original Shadow Warrior Reboot in just 11 hours. But this lasted, as previously mentioned, 40 hours on my first playtrhough (Although I did die a fair amount of times in the early stages of the game when I had crap weapons (and no weapon mods)+Soundtrack is excellent. Really blends with the combat well, helps keep you focused. Which is what game music should be used for.Cons--Certain characters...All characters, fail to be memorable. Character relationships come and go in minutes and when you do finally take interest in a character, or part of the narrative it's already done and dusted before you can truly become invested.(Sub-Con based on first Con) -Kamiko is nothing like Hoji. No witty banter, just a couple of jokes and insults thrown about. But she isn't an endearing character. She's not interesting because the story doesn't try to make her such.-Story is too short on it's own. Between missions you feel like there is some diaglogue or content missing.-Weapons can be achieved at certain later points of the game, but are useless due to one easily finding or being awarded better weapons from earlier quests, ultimately making the weapon count partially inflated..Overall, in conclusion. There is enough wang to go around!"
,Recommended,324800,29906087,Posted: 13 February,all,𝔴𝔞𝔫𝔥𝔢𝔡𝔞,"Love this game. It was so much fun! The visuals are amazing, I laughed like an idiot by the dialog so funny and weird. Yes not everyone may like that but I did. It is so fast, the battle is so fast and I honestly don't know if I would have survived if I had played it alone because it is so difficult. Tried putting it on nightmare I think it was and just no, not for me. Anyway the co op works really well in this game and it is fun! If I could pick any co op game in 2016 I would pick this game! I kinda feel like either you will like the story or you won't because it is a bit weak. The fortune cookies were a nice touch although 70% of the time it is like huh makes no sense. Play this game to be a ninja going all crazy while killing enemies and hey afterwards you can relax in the wang cave!"
,Recommended,324800,26081253,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Azralynn,"See written review belowor watch it here:https://youtu.be/j5cRo3Fru70TL;DR: SKIP TO CONCLUSION!Shadow Warrior 2 is a fast paced, action-packed FPS that has tons of loot, and a whole lot of wang jokes.You are Lo Wang, a lone mercenary on a mission where something goes terribly wrong. You are thrust into a major conflict between hordes of demons, and the enemy forces belonging to your nemesis. The story is interesting. It’s not profound or anything, but it’s very amusing at times.Most of the gameplay revolves around combat. You have a wide variety of weapons, both for ranged, and melee. Personally, I am a huge fan of the melee combat, where you get to jump and dash all over the place, and stay constantly moving. I absolutely loved the gore; dismembering, and slicing down enemies was an immensely satisfying experience. The guns are fun to use too, and there are definitely times where you will want to keep some distance, but melee combat feels so much more intense for me.Pros:combat is extremely enjoyable, and you have a wide range of weapons to choose from, as well as special skills, and abilities in your arsenalleveling up, earning skill points (by slaying enemies and completing quests) to improve abilities that better fit your playstyle is consistently rewarding, and you'll look forward to leveling uplots of loot drops, and upgrades to socket into your weapons if you want to optimize them for your playstyle (most items are auto-looted when you walk over them)all of the audio is done well; the voice acting is solid, and the sound effects and music are great - I love how the music intensifies, and really gets your adrenaline pumping while in combatwith procedural generation, there’s always the potential for replay valuegraphics are excellent; the environments look fantastic (especially the rain, gore, and all the explosionsperformance feels good; tons of action, but there was never any lag experiencedthe dialog is amusing, and I often found myself smiling, and chuckling (prepare for a lot of wang jokes!)the difficulty in co-op scales with the number of players, and although I haven’t played in co-op, I can definitely see it being a great co-op experienceCons:one crash to desktop during my entire playthrough, which caused me to have to redo a boss fight (it only happened the once ever, so it wasn't too upsetting, but still an inconvenience)my biggest complaint about the game is the long loading times; the loading screen feels like it takes an eternity (this was on an SSD)(nitpick) some of the characters during the cutscenes are not as good looking as the rest of the game is(nitpick) if you want to min/max your items, it can be time consuming, but you can get by with little to no time spent managing your loot (also, there are a few items that you will have to manually loot)Conclusion:I played the game solo on normal mode. It took me 9.5-10 hours, and I had expected it to be a bit more challenging. In hindsight, I should have played it on the next difficulty setting, but I still had a blast playing it. If you’re looking for some fast-paced action to play by yourself or with friends. Shadow Warrior 2 is a lot of fun, and it reminded me of DOOM combined with Borderlands co-op and loot system. Overall, it is a really fun game, and definitely worth playing.If you like my reviews, please feel free to join my Steam group, and follow my curationshere.You can also view this review on my websitehere."
,Recommended,324800,26060987,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,charliewaffles,"You've seen the Steam Reviews for this game and you're probably thinking it's the best thing ever, so I'll just get this out of the way first... It's not. I think it's got a lot of issues. That being said, I'd still wholeheartedly recommend Shadow Warrior 2.Pros:- Looks great.- Runs great.- Works great on a Mouse and Keyboard (Including Fully Rebindable Keys).- Incredibly Fun to Play.- Great Soundtrack.- Some of the best First Person combat you'll ever see in a game.Cons:- Cheesy story and Voice Acting.- Unless you're under the age of 14, the constant barrage of genital/toilet humor gets old fast.- Story transitions are incredibly jarring.- The levels are too cluttered with crap, particle effects and destructible objects can be great when used sparingly, but this game just throws every single effect in the book directly at your face, pretty much non-stop. I'm talking blood, guts, leaves, dust, fire and ice particles, toxic sewege... It gets to a point where it's hard to see what the heck is going on in front you because of the ammount of clutter on screen at the same time.- The level design isn't particularly great either, with hardly any visual queues for trasures and stuff like that, so you pretty  much have to rely on your minimap to find most of the stuff around the levels.In terms of raw gameplay, this game is amazing. The gunplay feels great, the first person melee combat is superb and it looks, sounds and runs great. But if you're hoping for the same levels of customization, writing and even story as the Borderlands series, look elsewhere. If you enjoyed 2016's DOOM, you absolutely owe it to yourself to give this game a try.  It's really solid."
,Not Recommended,324800,29449657,Posted: 23 January,all,ZeroTacTiX,"This is a difficult thumb down from me. I didn't thumb it down because it is a bad game, but only because I want to send a message to the people reading the review. The game features awesome gunplay, but it is all so bland and feels uninspiring. The Shadow Warrior 2013 had a lot of memorable moments and awesome storytelling that did not hinder the gameplay experience as it was in between chapters and it was brilliantly presented.Shadow Warrior 2 improves on the movement and gunplay mechanics of the reboot as one would expect from a sequel, but apart from the core gunplay, everything else falls flat. The levels are simply poorly designed. You do not find any bit of it memorable, and it's just unimaginative and uninspiried.. It feels like a map designed by a normal guy instead of a game developer who would  carefully design the structures and corners to make combat in such places entertaining. They did not put any thought into designing these levels, when come to think of it, it's supposed to be a staple in a game such as Shadow Warrior. Fine, no modern game has complex level design nor are they maze like. Atleast it could've tried to have varied levels with different settings like the 2013 SW. It's just plain bland here, completely uninspired.Another drawback of this game is the enemies. A staple to old school shooters is the enemy variety and how you ""tackle"" every enemy type. SW2 has bullet spungy enemies. I'm not against bullet spungy enemies in games generally, but it's objectively bad in this kind of game because in an old school shooter that SW2 was supposed to be, you had to use specific guns against specific enemies during specific situations. Here that is done artificially by letting you equip ""elemental powerups"" to your gun. The stupid thing is, you can pause the game in the middle of a fight, unquip one elmenetal powerup and add in another one. Agreed not many people are willing to do that out of laziness, but that's my point. That's not proper game design in this type of game. Because a machine gun and shotgun don't exactly feel powerful or ""necessary"" in a situation you would expect it to be, because of these elemental powerups that you attach to these guns. For eg, an enemy is up close in your face. In an ideal situation you're supposed to use your shotgun against it. But when that specific enemy is resistant to the elemental eqipped on the shotgun, you're doing far less damage to it than say what an assault rifle with the right elemental equipped would do to that specific enemy. Long story short, the guns just feel fun to use but feel purposeless for the way it's supposed to feel useful. The elemental powerups matter here and that is the reason you're switching weapons, and not because of the weapon itself, and that, my friend, sucks, and it is a damn shame."
,Not Recommended,324800,26163154,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,renderb,"Starts out strong, but sadly turns out to be a sub par sequel. All side quests take part on the same 3 or so maps slightly reshuffled, and even the short main story recycles levels. That story itself doesn't really hold up  either.This game has some interesting weapons, but because of the stats, bullet sponge enemies, and combat system very few of them actually feel special while using them.Coop quest progress doesn't count towards your single player game, although you do get to keep the found gear.In the end I found myself getting bored, and this game has a borderlands pre sequal sort of meh vibe at best."
,Recommended,324800,33465916,Posted: 11 July,all,Steel Horse,"On my Color Based Rating Scale (patent pending), I give this game a magenta."
,Recommended,324800,26061962,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,KobraKira,"I am making myself my own rating system for my reviews. Whatever is bolded is what i rate the game, and what those ratings count as with the usual ""10/10"" system. Here it is:-BUY IT NOW. YOU NEED THIS IN YOUR LIFE!(Essential: 9 or 10)-*HIGHLY RECOMMENDED*(Good/Great: 7 or 8)-GET IT ON A SALE(Average: 5 or 6)-NOT RECOMMENDED(Mediocre: 3 or 4)-NOT WORTH YOUR TIME(Very Poor/Poor: 1 or 2)---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------(UPDATED) After playing for a few more hours, i can safely say that Shadow Warrior 2 is a very good improvement over the first game in many ways. It's like Borderlands this time around, but in some ways, it's more entertaining.Pros:- Fantastic Graphics. Flying Wild Hog did a great job improving the visuals of the Road Hog Engine for this new game. Everything from the trees, the grass, and the foliage moves with the wind. The world just feels alive most of the time, and that's just incredible (and a nightmare for YouTube compression, lmao). It has all the options you could want in a game such as FOV, Viewmodel FOV, SSAO, Texture Quality, Anisotropic Filtering, Subsurface Scattering, Screen-Space Reflections, Motion Blur (toggle), DOF (toggle), Chromatic Aberration (toggle), HUD adjustment options, and much more!Examples:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=782144435http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=780192809- Blood and gore GALORE!- Optional Co-op with friends and whatnot- Very well optimized (mostly on the single-player side of things right now. See cons below)- More wang jokes than ever before- Procedural Generation. It's a thing in this game, only this time it's not a lie.- Fortune Cookies are up to date with the latest memes. I found one that read ""Wangs out for Harambe"".- Interesting characters and plot- RANDOM DEMON BUNNIES/RABBITS HAVE RETURNED, and are more metal than ever! They're bigger too, so that just makes it worse.- A CYBERPUNK inspired area. It's the best place in the game to become the Ninja Tron fan-character of your dreams!- Great music. Especially that menu theme!- Great gameplay. Just shooting and looting and slicing your way through the enemies that dare stand in your way! You are no longer limited by stamina, so you can dodge and sprint for as long as you want to. You can also double jump as well. Guns feel powerful no matter how big or small they are, and each of them can be upgraded with damage upgrades, fire rate upgrades, and even elemental upgrades. Thats right. If you want to make an electric chainsaw, then slap an electricity upgrade on there and your good to go. If you want to make an acidic/toxic katana, equip the toxic upgrade, and so on. Melee combat is as kickass as ever, and even more so with all the new weapons in the game. Though, i'll let you discover them yourselves. (P.S: Chainsaw Katana)Cons:- Some items can glitch through walls or are very weirdly placed at times. I found an item box just floating in the air and rubbing up against a mountain. This could be fixed in the future, so i'll update as necessary.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=782144025- Co-op seems to be a little bit broken at the moment. Random FPS drops after an hour or so of gameplay with a friend or two, stutters, etc. The single player mode is fine however. This will hopefully be fixed up sometime soon.Conclusion: I think Shadow Warrior 2 is a blast to play right now. A nice sequel to the 2013 reboot, and brings necessary changes to the gameplay and mechanics. As well as being a screenshot simulator to boot. It has a photo mode, so go crazy if your a graphics/screenshot fanatic! This is definitely a recommended purchase for anyone that loves mindless shooting and slicing, and looting. Good job Flying Wild Hog!"
,Recommended,324800,26021764,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,FlyBoogy,"Updated:Completed the game on hard playing solo. Took me about 19 hours with all sidequests.Pros:-Fast paced fun gameplay-Improved controlls and player movement over the previous game-Weapon variety-Big open levels-Skill system-Decent lenght-Graphics-Well optimized-Photo modeCons:-Long loading times-Terrible story, characters and writing(The first game is like Shakespear compared to this)-The jokes are about 90% miss for me-Some weapons become useless later in the game-Repetitive environments-So much RNG loot that you won't even lookt at most of it-Not very challanging on Hard difficulty(your experience might vary)-Very rarely some RNG enemis kill you in less than a second if you get close(most deaths I experienced in my playtrough)-The Borderlands-nes of it all"
76561198036281689,Recommended,324800,26022824,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Browncoat,"(updated)I liked the 2013 Shadow Warrior a lot.  I think this game is just as good, if not a little bit better.Possible Spoilers:Pros:- LOT of new weapons.  I stopped counting after 20.- Duel wielding for a lot of weapons.- Duel wielding katanas!  (I feel just like Deadpool!)- Nice game play.- Same old smart mouth Wang.- Stan Bush intro!- The game doesn't strip everything away from you that you earned in Shadow Warrior.  You get to keep your chi powers (to an extent).  Weapons, clearly, are reset, but you get a lot.- New enemies.- Old enemies with improved graphics!- I believe that Lo Wang has schizophrenia!- The in-game descriptions of things are still just as funny.- A lot of the old characters make an appearance.- Hoji's grave.- Remember the giant horse-eagle armored guy you had to fight?  You get to see his armor again!  Also, he's in the story.- The story is pretty good.  Not as simple as: 'get a sword.  Get another sword.  Get a third sword.  Fight and try to kill former boss.  Watch friend die.  Kill friend's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥brother.'Meh:It reminds me of Dragon Age 2 with how you have a base to return to that kinda serves as an HQ.  But unlike Dragon Age 2, it doesn't SUCK.  At all.Cons:- The cutscenes are a bit janky.  You start out in one spot then warp over to another.  They didn't attempt to make them smooth like the last game.- It feels like everyone betrays you in this game!  The only person I'm loyal to is the little voice inside my head...  Kinda like in the 2013 Shadow Warrior actually...  I can only take so many betrayals before it starts to feel like Knights of the Old Republic 2: The Sith Lords with Darth Traya is running the show.This is a good game.  As of this review, I would highly suggest it.  So far, I think it's better than the 2013 version they did."
76561198060203956,Recommended,324800,26075425,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Metsakurat,"Insane arsenal of weapons!Shadow Warrior 2 is a semi open world first-person shooter and a direct sequel to the 2013 Shadow Warrior, the reboot of the original from 1997.StoryYou play as Lo Wang - A katana wielding, one-liner cracking, demon decimator. That's right. I am that cheap.*The game takes place 5 years after  the events of Shadow Warrior. Demons now roam our realm and it's up to Lo Wang to slice 'em, burn 'em, freeze them, electrocute them, blow them up and of course insult them in hilarious yet badass ways.The story isn't anything special but can be quite enjoyable for a 80's action flick fan like myself. The ending was kind of dissapointing. While the final boss fight itself was totaly rad the final cutscene felt...Unfinished. It gave me the same feeling Deus Ex: Mankind Divided gave me. The feeling that the ending was cut short.GameplayThe gameplay itself is outstanding!Gameplay of the year right here, ladies and gents! Such a vast variety of weapons!Borderlands tells us that they have billions of different weapons which is of course a lie. Borderlands has about 15-20 different weapon models. The only difference between assault rifle X and assault rifle Y is the stats. They look exactly the same. In Shadow Warrior 2 you actually get 70 different weapons. All the weapons look different, have different stats and feel different. That's something none of the Borderlands games actually achieved. Sure the snipers felt different than shotguns but there were not many different weapon models.You can carry up to 8 weapons with you at all times. We have six shooters, pistols, submachine guns, automatic rifles, bows, sniper rifles, shotguns, minigun, LMGs, demonic weapons, claws, shurikens, katanas, bats and more. Pistols, automats and submachine guns can be dual wielded and ALL weapons can be upgraded. In fact you can even craft upgrades. Weapons can also do elemental damage such as fire, ice, electric or toxic damage. Melee weapons have special skills like charge attacks and 360 no scope spins. You can even chainsaw monsters and/or people.The gameplay is really something special. The game is separated into different sandbox areas. You can dash, vanish (be invisible for a certain amount of time), sprint, heal yourself and double jump. You can even go into somekinda demonic killing frenzy. Now you can also have 8 different weapons with you at all times and there's a lot of different barrels and pods laying around. This all means you are guaranteed to get some epic large scaled battles. I once managed to aggro pretty much the entire sandbox and the battle was glorious!Shadow Warrior 2, unlike it's prequel, can be played in 4 player co-op. Each player will play as Lo Wang himself but others will see you as a random ninja.PerformanceI understand there is no such a thing as a bug free video game but I honestly didn't experience any bugs or glitches in the game so far. The game runs fine and seems to be well optimised.You can go from ultra to the very very low so if you have a beast PC you can enjoy the full beauty of the game while those with dated PCs can enjoy the game worry free as well. Just without seeing how detailed and awesome every single weapon looks.Lo Wang is badass and hilarious, graphics are OK, voice acting is quite good, the music is just awesome and the price is just right. I have only three complaints: The game felt a bit too short. Took me around 13h to finish the game. It's also way too easy and the game ended in a weird way.All in all it's still a good value for your money. You can always start a new game+ or hack through demons with your buddies.Get some Wang!*Quote from my Shadow Warrior 2013 reviewhttp://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198060203956/recommended/233130"
,Recommended,324800,32558985,Posted: 18 June,all,Broji,"Fantastic gameplay. Plenty of weapon customization. Decent multiplayer features. There is a difficulty setting for every person out there. The story is short but if you do all the side missions and all the downloadable content, you'll be keeping yourself busy for a long time. Great price. Definitely recommended."
76561198006064887,Recommended,324800,26023323,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Willibald,"Plays well, the gore is nice. Lots of customization options in the graphic settings. I was very happy to be able to turn off picture degrading stuff like motion blur, chromatic abberation, film grain, etc. pp. Though the frame rate is not as high as in shadow warrior, it plays fluently."
,Recommended,324800,34429492,Posted: 22 August,all,Jammy,"Summary: fastpaced, action game, it was a steal on release price.Let me get the bad out of the way first:- Story is not at all interesting nor compelling.- Doesn't stand up to its predecessor's level of comedy.The good far outweighs the bad IMO:- Open level design: procedually generated blocks, but has enough variaty to keep all map and encounters interesting.- Combat variability: Ranged & Melee are both fun to use. Mix that with Ninja abilities, you get a frantic, fastpaced, gore glory action going from encounter to encounter. Not to mention elemental damage.- Enemy variaty: making a player [forcing on higher difficulties) plot out a strategy before going in. Some kick you away and rain bullets, others hook you in and try to surround you and some explode. With higher levels, you'll see high ranking enemies with immunities to certain abilities and elemental damage types.- Lots of upgrades for lots of skills, loot for weapons and a crafting system for useless loot. With the updates they added Orbs, which can be used to upgrade weapons further.- The support for the game: I've hit level 112 on insane difficulty 51+ then i faced enemies i couldnt take down. By then there wasn't much i can do. With current free content, Bounty Hunts award skill points the first time and orbs in the second. The awards increase with difficulty increase. I'm hoping i can exceed the level i was at, though now i'm certain i can.- Graphical fidelity beyond belief from an indie studio: that said, indies have been looking more and more like AAA titles. This one is special because the PC port is highly optimized and supports technologies that aren't mainstream yet. I'm not ashamed to say i played this game with a controller for one playthrough just to see the HDR everyone is speaking of on my TV that supports it.Always out numbered, never outguned.P.S. I get why fans of the original didn't like this one as much. This isn't a sequel, even though it builds on the original plot, its a return to a pure action game. The story/script came last and it shows. The combat system has to be my favorite of all time."
,Recommended,324800,26019109,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,VaaN,"I recommend but with caution.This is due to many on the steam forums are stating that the game has little to huge FPS dips.If you are getting FPS dips one possible remedy is to set ""Vertical sync"" to ""Fast"" on the ""Nvidia Control Panel"".Because of this I refunded. If I do purchase ""SW2"" again I'll do so at GOG."
,Recommended,324800,26496852,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Blaqknight,"GraphicsThe game looks beautiful with it's almost ""Cartoon-ey realistic looking graphics"" I run the game on Low settings 80+FPS and the screenshots I take looks really nice.GameplayThe gameplay Is pretty much the same as last game, With limited special attack moves, Lots of guns and terrible crafting system. The game doesn't have much to offer but ""Go here and Do that"" sort of missions. The gameplay while fun, it is really lacking in new things to do when all you have to do is aim and shoot or attack with a melee weapon. I also hate the constant bickering bewteen Lo Wang the main character and all of the other characters In the game. And I do NOT remember the story because It literally doesn't make any sense. Without spoilers you basically have a girl's soul in your body and she's really sarcastic and just bickers with you the whole game. It can be funny at times but It's constant; Now I know why I don't like children. The game has 4 player Online co-op, no split-screen and It runs butter smooth on my PC and I have an i3 860m so the game is well optimised. The game last around 12-16 hours depending on difficulty. Easy 12 hours while harder 12+. There is also a NEW GAME + if you want to play the game for an unlimited amount of times while leveling up and getting better loot.MusicIt's alright just some chinese mixed with retro and dubstep lolSummaryGame is basically like an indie version of a borderlands but it's a chinese version. I really like it and for $40 I think It's a good buy If you want some Co-op and fun gameplay for the weekend. I just hope the developers support the game long enough for me to continue playing.7/10"
,Recommended,324800,26329457,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,TheDancingFetus,"I didn't know if I was going to pick up this game or not.  I loved the first, but 2 seemed to be getting a tepid response from certain critics I tend to agree with in requards to shooters.I decided to take the plunge due to a recommendation from a friend that picked it up.  I have not be disappointed.  This game has bee non stop fun for me for 20+ hours, and I'll probably be putting in 20+ more.The shooting and abilities are a lot of fun.  The elemental effects you can equip to weapons adds depth.  My only real complaint is I'm not a huge fan of the upgrades inventory UI.  I wouldn't even know where to start to create a better one, I'm just not a fan.Great Game! Highly recommend."
,Not Recommended,324800,26125000,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,applekwisp,"I was so excited to pick up the sequel to Shadow Warrior. The game had amazing fast paced classic gunplay where every weapon and shot mattered and a surprisingly intriguing story that kept up till the very end. It was lengthy with varied scenery ranging from forests, to towns, to bunkers, and snowy mountains with carefully crafted arenas and secrets scattered through. The light RPG mechanics provided a nice sense of progression that everyone seems to require in games today. The jokes while plentiful were timely and opportune enforcing Lo Wang’s character and contrasting it well with his growth with his relationship with Hoji. Hand crafted cutscenes were littered through the game beautifully retelling the tale of past and current events. The challenge was fair and the enemy variety and placement in arenas were engaging. Shadow Warrior 2 has none of these things and in fact does everything in its power to make sure it does everything worse than its predecessor.For a frame of reference I played and beat the game on Insane difficulty and base my review and opinions on this factor. I also beat Shadow Warrior on hard and played through most of insane and beat Doom on the hardest non-permadeath difficulty.ProsLo Wang is backSolid gun play with a good variety of weapon types. (The majority of the weapons are however useless if not for being weak or just having weak functionality)Sword mechanics have been improved greatly. Switching between guns and swords while dashing around seamlessly is satisfying (when it works...)Well optimized while maintaining great scenery amongst the colorful elemental effects (the rain looks great!)Lengthy albeit not for the right reasons (~20+ sidequests; ~5-6 story quests)Fair selling priceConsBorderlands-esqe 'RPG' mechanics are the core of the game. Guns are not about using them for their range, burst potential, large clip size, etc. but rather to get the biggest damage numbers.A pointless elemental system was added. Enemies have very obvious weaknesses that you need to exploit as they are immune to certain things and vulnerable to others (ex. weak to fire, immune to ice).Pointless loot system to augment your weapons. Generic boring random stat increases such as critical hit change, fire rate, etc. are literally exploding from enemies during the fight. You will have so much useless loot you won't know what to do with it. The choices are not engaging or meaningful and add nothing to the game. You choose elements just to counter enemy types. You stack critical hit chance and critical hit damage otherwise. This loot system has is an obvious chore and downgrade from the original.To add to the loot system there is a crafting system. The crafting system is completely random in what components you put it and what you get out. There is no reason for it to exist as there are no defined recipes for itA hub area exists and serves absolutely no purpose. Perhaps they envisioned it as a coop staging area. It detracts from the flow of the game and feels dead considering how few people are ever there.Story is a HUGE step down from the original. There is almost no story to be had to be honest. It throws everything out the window about the characters in the first game and everything is just a pointless joke after joke from Lo Wang about whoever he meets. Kamiko is not even a fraction as interesting as Hoji and it's insulting how much time she spends whining at Lo Wang while he’s fighting countless demons, robots, and gang members for HER sake. Let's be honest here. The story wouldn't be such a disappointing factor if the first game didn't set the bar so high. If Doom (2016) can have an interesting enough narrative to drive the game along in handcrafted levels, it's no excuse for a game with a really well established story to toss this facet out the windowHow they deal with the Nobitsura Kage and Hoji in the game is massively disappointing. It was a clear after thought and I can't even begin to fathom who thought that was a good idea.The maps are repeated so many times for both main and side quests. I feel like despite their ""randomization"" you can feel each section so obviously that you feel like you're in the same place over and over again. This is incredibly lazy considering the first game and how good Doom and its predecessor was at creating interesting levelsGun usage is almost entirely discouraged early on due to the lack of ammo. You will run out of ammo and be forced to use the swordEnemies are bullet sponges early on. Superior and Elites have to be simply navigated around and avoided until you get better weapons and invest in ammo upgrades. The RNG can be completely gamed if you happen to find a purple shrine to get all of your ammo back. Later in the game you'll be so powerful that everything is an afterthought. The difficulty curve of the game is not gradual line upward but a sharp slope downhillMovement mechanics frequently don't work as intended. Areas that I can hang off of one second I will crash into a wall and fall to my death the next.The game was advertised as having verticality being a huge aspect of it, but there are so many invisible walls on rooftops that prevent you from traversing how you naturally would want to get to a destination given your incredible maneuverability with dashes and double jumps.Chi powers serve no purpose on Insane. I felt it strange they placed such a strong restriction on them when they aren't that powerful to begin with due to the health pools early and lack of outgoing damage early on.(Bug) The bosses in particularly were buggy. Phase two mechanics would stick around if you die and respawn in a boss fight despite the fact that the enemies heal to full health on insane. Bosses should restart with all of your ammo at a checkpoint if they are going to get all their health back...(Bug) The last boss was easier than the first boss of the game because it bugged out and remained on a phase where it showed its weak spot.(Bug) After a cutscenes talking to a character I spawned outside behind a them and fell to my death.Skill points are a cheap way of taking power away from the player and creating a inflated progression system. There is no reason to have so many different sections dedicated to each element, each ammo type, etc. It's just artificial inflation with marginal gain.The side quests had no direction or purpose. You would start with a meaningless joke exchange with a previously important character now degraded to a meaningless quest giver and then be sent off to a non-unique map for a fetch or kill questThe early transitions between areas is jarring. One second you are at a temple area and then instantly you are walking down the hall somewhere else. This happened a few times at the beginning and I genuinely thought I accidently skipped some cutscenes. It was is in fact just constructed poorlyThe end was an obvious cliffhanger to what I suspect will be more DLC for this game. The game seemed like it was created as a platform to provide a Borderlands coop experience and not a fast paced classic shooter.I could go on forever with everything that I didn't enjoy about this game. I haven't felt this disappointed with a sequel since Dragon Age 2 or Darksiders 2. Shadow Warrior 2 does in fact have enjoyable gameplay when it works. The problem is the monotony of repeat maps, low enemy variety in terms of tactics, showering unnecessary stat stick loot, lack of ammo (barring reliance on ammo shrine RNG), excessive juvenile humor (100x more so than the original), and an embarrassingly bad follow-up story make Shadow Warrior 2 one of the most disappointing, mediocre sequels. This should never ever have been an RPG shooter and whoever made this decision should be incredibly ashamed of what they did to this entry of the series."
,Not Recommended,324800,26080310,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,HMS Mother,"Overall, I think this game is a rather significant downgrade from the first, which I enjoyed a great deal, but still a fun game.First, the pros+Fantastic lighting and particles, as well as enemy dismemberment.+Weapons all feel pretty good to use, especially chainsaw (the camera can be a little wonky though)+Mp seems like it could be a lot of fun, haven't tried it out yet.+Some weapon upgrades are pretty cool, like the weapon modes and ammo types.+Environments look great.Cons:-Some character models on npcs are absolutely horrible (especially the yakuza boss. That close up you get in her first encounter is quite frankly terrifying.) Enemies look good however.-Voice acting for secondary characters sounds like it was done in the office by a dev. Akward pauses, flustered, rushed dialogue. Wang is still perfectly cheesy ofc.-RPG system is more annoying than anything. Swarms of +x% items swamp your inventory, adding a significant amount of tedium to the game.-Sidequests are more often than not incredibly boring. Go to x, get key, kill boss, done, with the same enemies as in the main level. The ""boss"" is usually just a bigger version of regular enemies.-Some levels are literally copy pasted. The third scroll quest is literally just a smaller segment from kamika's aparment quest.-This may seem small to some, but I think it is really important; the characters are so much less endearing. The jokes, instead of being (usually) cleverly asinine like in the first, have forsaken any cleverness whatsoever. Kamika is a poor replacement for Hoji imo.-The game feels much less polished, and has a lot of filler. Big, empty levels, instead of the tightly designed ones from SW2013. A lot of enemies, while visually different, are functionally identical.-none of the beatiful handrawn cutcesnes from SW13.-Melee combat feels a lot spammier. No heavy attacks, shurikens, blocking is useless-A lot of weapons, but a lot are functionally identical. Some fun exceptions.-No point system, which encouraged flashy, stylized combat.-Level design is weak. Hunting for secrets is tedious on such large levels, encouraging you to run through them as quickly as possible.-Enemies are too tanky and deal too little damage. Instead of fast combat, this just results in a grind fest of dodging and spamming until everything dies.-Chi system is pretty awful, at least when it comes to healing. Instead of healing you to 65% health, it can heal you to full, making health management a vanity.-Large level designs make kiting, instead of arena combat, the best option on harder difficulties.-Enemies dont feel like a challenge, just a health grind. Bad AI, massive health pools/resistances on tougher enemies.Overall, I was very disappointed with this game. It threw away the formula that made SW13 so great for me; Almost uninterrupted, satisfying combat with a focus on the theatrical.Instead of this, the game was padded it out with generic rpg mechanics, vast amounts of downtime, and generally watered down from the original reboot.For some unfathomable reason, the devs decided to copy all the weak parts of borderlands: grindy side quests, an overwhelming amount of tedious percentages, oversized and boring levels, and bullet spongey combat.For once, Mr. Wang, bigger does not mean better.tldr; Go play the first game, it's a lot better than this one.PS: I haven't actually mustered the will to grind through the rest of the game, will update this review when I do. Doubt much will changer here."
76561198035462657,Recommended,324800,31480306,Posted: 30 April,all,Bio Bat,"So I had, like every other steam user, seen the videos and heard the raves about Shadow Warrior 2. I was extreamly hesitant but I figured I've wasted more than $35(I believe the store has it for $40, I got mine on bundle discount) on other terrible terrible games such as For Honor and No Mans Sky.Initally I was annoyed by the loud mouth protagonist but after a short time he had  some pretty compelling dialoge with other NPCs that I really enjoyed. But as far as the action goes? Its amazing! Its super fast paced like you would experience in something like DOOM but had a really unique RPG element that makes it really interesting. When I initally read that there were only about 70 weapons in the base game, I was slightly disappointed. Feeling that way of course after being spoiled by games like the Witcher 3, Fallout 4, Division and Borderlands where weapons come and go in Droves. But with the way the crafting upgrading system works, it makes it so that even if you prefer a couple specific weapons,  theres a ton of ways to customize them that really lets you feel like its a different weapon, whether that be for better or worse. The story keeps it simple and short enough where its not extreamly boring but does have a lot of expected plots, my only critism to the game.9/10 - If youve looked at this more than once, Click Buy and save yourself some time."
,Recommended,324800,26020322,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,TheDisableBore,"Incredible optimization, pro-consumer devs, fun and chaotic gunplay, deep customizable perks and guns, sweet swordplay and gore system, varied and fresh enviorments, gorgeous graphics and art, incredible music, decent story, hilarious voice actors,  great coop and unhealthy amounts of wang jokes.It's basically alright, I think I reccomend it."
76561198235154516,Recommended,324800,33719496,Posted: 22 July,all,Dubz1944,"Tired of games and developers that pander to SJW's? Do you want a game that is not politically correct, swears, has a Super offensive Asian  stereo type Protagonist that would Trigger SJWs to death, and all the T&A you could ask for? Shadow Warrior 2 is the game for you."
76561198374110033,Recommended,324800,34424649,Posted: 22 August,all,Private Iron,"After playing this game for an hour and a bit, I feel I can review this, combined with my 20+ hours on the first game.Now, the best way I can sum this game up is like so: DOOM, but faster, and more stabby, less shooter. While in DOOM your a solid force of destruction, ripping out jaws and hearts and the like, causing demons to run from you, in Shadow Warrior 2, your more like what happens if you equip a hurricane with a katana and a Dirty Harry Magnum, where you remove limbs and heads with surgical precion and joy, yet they never see you coming.The game is a lot less linear than the last, with optional side missions and the like, but that's a good thing, as more Shadow Warrior could never be a bad thing.  However, this can have its disadvatages, as they do throw lots of new characters and such at you with not as much reference to the last game, which was disapointing, because the last game surprised me with the engaging story and characters, and an ending which legitimately moved me, and I wanted more reference as to what happened between the two games, if only to sate my nostalgia. However, the story so far is enjoyable and I want to see it through.The only thing I can leave with is that you should buy this game, as whether its impaling a demon from far away with a long thing wooden stabby thing, or sprinting towards a throng of enemies and spinning in a vortex of death with your slashy stabby thing before blowing someones head off with a big boom shooty thing, this game will not be anything less than great fun."
76561198004076605,Recommended,324800,26014771,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Ninjabullets,"------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------REVIEWED ON THE FOLLOWING RIG:Intel Core i5 4460 3.20GHzNvidia GeForce GTX 1070 Founder's Edition 8GB16 GB RAM------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------After a campaign that is much longer than I thought it would be, I have come to the conclusion that Shadow Warrior 2 is Game of the Year material. This game blew me away from start to finish. Let's break it down.STORYNow, I have not finished the first game (2013 Reboot) so I felt like I was flying blind here. I was repeatedly scratching my head at this very colorful cast of characters and their relationship with Lo Wang. There really is no ""So here's what you missed"" part at all to possibly fill the newcomers in on as to exactly what's happening and what has already happened.That being said, the story is simple and easy to like. Lo Wang is tasked with rescuing the head of the Yakuza's daughter and things go horribly awry. The characters are easy to get invested in and Lo Wang is Wangier than everGRAPHICSYou can tell this game was built as a PC release from the ground up. It's so well optimized, running at a flat 60fps with every setting cranked up to the maximum, with only a few processor related dips with my rig. What shines here is how pretty the post processing effects make the game. Things like Bloom, DoF, SSAO, and so on blend seamlessly and don't seem to impact performance at all. The textures are very nice and every weapon viewmodel is extremely detailed.SOUNDThe melee weapons in this game are where the sound designers talent shines the brightest. Every hit sounds extremely meaty and super weighty.That being said, the gun sounds are extremely barebones at best. It was very clear that this game was made with melee in mind, but having louder, more robust gun sounds during a gun kata rampage would have been great.The music is stellar, adding to the already blazing fast pace of the game, and has a Stan Bush track or two for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles, which is an excellent touch.GAMEPLAYThis game plays so well that it should be held as the textbook example on how to seamlessly blend deep melee combat with mounds and mounds of bullets. Flying Wild Hog refined their fidgety combo system into simple directional combos, which makes the game a hell of a lot more accessible.Now at this point everyone knows this, but I will reiterate this fact, this is an ARPG/FPS HYBRID. The game that came before this one was a corridor shooter with a great upgrade system, this game is a borderlands/diablo like fps with just assloads of loot and a VAST AMOUNT OF WEAPONS (AROUND 70!!!!!!). I couldn't believe what I was seeing, and I seriously doubt I've found everything. The amount of weapon upgrades dropped by enemies can seem very overwhelming, which is slightly annoying.Unlike its entirely single player predecessor, Shadow Warrior 2 allows online cooperative play (up to 4 people). Depending on how many people are in your game, the difficulty will spike. Harder enemies = Awesome loot, so I recommend you bring friends.FINAL VERDICTShadow Warrior 2 improves on, if not completely eclipses, what made the 2013 corridor shooter great, while taking a gamble and switching up the genre entirely. This game, with a gamble as huge as this, had the potential to be a blistering failure, and shockingly it turns out the decisions made by Flying Wild Hog have proven to be much more effective than some skeptics out there might realize. With invigorating melee and ranged combat, a metric buttload of loot, an armory fit for a king, and plenty of♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes to go around, Shadow Warrior 2 is one of the best games of 2016, sitting on a throne alongside DOOM.9/10Why are you still here? GO PLAY WITH YOUR WANG!"
,Recommended,324800,26276234,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,"""I need healing""","Shadow Warrior 2 - FPS shooter with a good graphics, nice gameplay, decent story, combat, co-op with a lot of weapons.About the performance, i did not got a lot of lags in sp, than in 4 player co-op game, what lags like a hell, if you do not have a good net or rig.Pros-Nice Graphics: Performance issues on high/ultra settings-Gameplay: Story is short, but has replay-value + co-op to play with friends. Not too easy when playing on Insane.-Combat is pretty much the same from the sw1, but feels a lot better(imo).-Controlls: Not slow as in sw1, also special attacks are easier to perform, and full controller support.-Weapon & enemy design is pretty nice, photo-mode.-Funny Wang jokes from the older games-Double jump(dash), air dash(no one use w+w to run:D:)-A lot of weapons and gems for upgrading them.-Anchient chinese secrets-Good soundtrack, cutscenes, no voice lag-No bugs(as far i know)-Devs are PC devs-Customizable UI-A lot of graphic settings, no fps lock.-OP skills-Loot system-Also free dlc'sCons-Huge fps drops on insane difficulty when there's spawning a lot of enemies(and huge ones) in 4 co-op game.-I thought i could finally kill Zilla :D-Devs nerfed too much op weapons-Some weapons are uselesss, because, they just don't do enough dps.-After doing first playthrough, you won't get more skill points from the quests, only from leveling.Overall8/10, who wants some Wang."
76561198004386245,Recommended,324800,29912725,Posted: 13 February,all,Relic62,"The game is Wangtastic.You have 4 difficulty levels from easy to insane, so you can pick whatever suits you. The sword and gunplay is excellent and combined with the dash and double jump make it a very fast game. You will find that you will use the dash more and more to outwit your opponents and get out of sticky situations.The game has a main storyline and side missions, great graphics, sound tracks that fit the tone, crass jokes, has a levelling system and crafting system by using gems (loot) with stats which when applied to your weapons make them stronger also orbs to craft even stronger gems or weapons.The only downsides are, the grinding in order to collect orbs to upgrade weapons endgame, also because the maps are procedurally generated it is easy to get lost in a couple of the maps as you cannot put a point of reference on the map and make your way there.So if considering purchasing I definitely recommend it if you like this type of game."
76561198045977812,Recommended,324800,26021734,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,ConradTheMelon,"It's Wangtastic 11/10 Wangs. But no Hoji :c""Wangs out for harambe"""
76561198065039939,Recommended,324800,26018959,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Auz,"First off, i am playing this game on a laptop from 2012 with a GTX 670m and some i-7 processor (dont know which model) but the game runs great. i get stable FPS with no slow down or lag in combat, no glitchy screen tearing at all while moving around and no input delay. so it definitely seems to be optimized very well. i have been looking forward to this game for a while and i am not dissappointed at all. if you enjoyed the Shadow Warrior reboot that came out a few years ago, this game adds a loot and shoot style onto the great mechanics and gameplay from before. enjoy it!"
,Recommended,324800,31766091,Posted: 15 May,all,masheu casheu,Like Doom 2016 but Asia.
76561198070591452,Recommended,324800,26230636,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Ejl,"I waited this game a lot after the awesome remake of the first one. I didn't read much of anything about this, i usually never do, i like my games to be a total surprise.  SW and Doom were the biggest shooters of my childhood that i was a fan of, and now, they were both getting a new release on the same year!  How cool is that?At the time of writing, i run a gt960, i5-4460 and 8gb ram. The game runs smooth 80-100fps on low/med settings and still looks very beautiful. My fps haven't dropped below 60 even on the big bosses with their mobs and i haven't encountered any bugs. Started playing this at the day of the release, so in that aspect this was a job really well done!NOW! On to the game itself:The stages are procedurally generated, i'm an old schooler myself, so i didn't really like this part. The levels look the same after a while. There's the forest setting, a cyberpunk city, a normal city and some random little village's with few houses and agriculture. So sidequests get pretty boring after a while, and there's a good chunk of them.Secrets are also generated in those levels, that was the only thing i personally liked about generated levels. Just not my thing, seems too repetitive :D As illogical as it sounds when saying that randomnes is too repetitive.Guns, there is a lot of them and you can carry 9 at the same time, others stay in your inventory whenever you want to equip them. They aren't just the same ones with a slight tint of different color either, but uniquely crafted, and you have three slots on each one to modify with powerups. Since some enemies are resistant to some elements, and others to other elements, it brings a little bit of tactical thingy. Powerups are plenty, and you can apply/take them off from weapons how you want, no penalty at all.Skill system is more streamlined, and more diverse than before. I liked this version better than the last one. More fine-tuning of my Wang.Between this and Doom, Doom takes the cake for me for better action and more interesting levels, but this is easily the second best SP-shooter for this year.spoilerThe  thing that really disappointed me, was the magnificient enemy from the first one, the Berserker. That awesomely hard fight at the basement with two of them, every other time i saw i was going up against the berserkers i know i was in for a fight!But now, they're reduced to normal villains, and easy ones. They can be damaged from whatever angle and they don't pose a threat. It seems that people thought they were too hard on first one, so they're changed. Meh. I have yet to encounter something as hard, and fulfilling when i won the fight in this game, as berserkers were in the first one."
76561198024259443,Not Recommended,324800,26118913,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Solais,"I don't even know if I should recommend this game or not. I don't hate it, but there's just so much to not like, but also so much to like.It is a game with the heart of the first game, true and good, but wrapped in the hard shell of bad decisions and garbage systems. The true game wants to break out, and I can feel it, it really wants to be free and to shine, but it's being choked by the absolute garbage loot system and everything that surrounds that. It is a game I want to like, I really do want to like, and I do like it, but the first game was just so much better, because that heart was unhinged.So while I personally think that the game does have its merits, a lot in fact, I cannot truthfully recommend it. Just so that the developers might see through those positive reviews fueled by mostly hype, and fix the problems come next game."
76561198046407118,Recommended,324800,26027001,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,True Patriot,"TL;DR: This game is an upgrade from the previous Shadow Warrior in almost every way. It has great gameplay, visuals, and voice acting, with a stellar soundtrack. It does, however, fall far short of it's predecessor in terms of story. I'd give this a solid 7.5/10Ok, now on to the super long and more personal review.Shadow Warrior 2 is the sequel I wanted, with the preperation and delivery that every other video game developer should aspire to. It's gameplay is, in terms of mechanics and gunplay, a dramatic improvement upon the first game in this remade series. The soundtrack is somehow better than that of the first game, which I absolutely adored. The voice acting is on point, which a slew of new and returning characters. And the new loot system is implemented incredibly well, for this to be the first iteration of it in this series.The main issue I've had with this game so far is the story. This might be more of a personal issue for me (being a fan of the first game's story), and won't affect the majority of new players, but I don't really like the fact that they (being the devs) felt the need to kind of rewrite the lore/history and characaters of the first game, especially considering it took until bascially the end of Shadow Warrior 1 to finally understand what was happening in this universe we were thrust into.To be perfectly honest, I thought the first game was painfully average. The only redeeming qualities to Shadow Warrior 1 were the sword play, soundtrack, and story. That last one was super important to me. Flying Wild Hog had done an amazing job of delievering a story more based on eastern culture, one of revenge and hate, rather than the normal western story of a good guy saving the world and coming out unscathed.Shadow Warrior 1 made you feel a slew of emotions, from the tounge and cheek humor of Lo Wang, to the sad ending of seeing him lose basically the only person he ever called a friend. This game, however, drops the ball on that aspect. There is honestly just far too much humor in this game. So much so that I sometimes just want to skip the cutscenes so I don't have to hear Lo Wang talk anymore (which surprised even me, seeing as I LOVED Lo Wang's humor in the first game).Remember that awesome backstory of why Hoji (who hasn't even been mentioned once 8 hours in) was banished to the mortal realm? Those really interesting, hand drawn cutscenes that showed a more serious side of the Shadow Warrior story, and laid down some lore for the (apparent) franchise? Or maybe the flashbacks of the bosses that explained their motives of siding with Enra? Nope, all gone. Now those super interesing and kickass bosses and NPC's from the first game are replaced with shells of their former selves, who insist on keeping the♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes and mindless banter going. And your hilarious, if not mysterious/dangerous, companion is replaced with a whiny girl who calls you an idiot every 5 seconds.I don't know, maybe I was expecting too much from this sequel, but I'm quite sad (and angry) to see any sincerity that Lo Wang, and this story, might have had stripped, and replaced with a constant slew of♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes, and remarks of how ""unintelligent"" and ""moronic"" you are (from literally everyone, including the girl you rescued) for saving the planet...AGAIN! But, I digress.Shadow Warrior 2 does, even after all the issues I have with it, deserve a purchase. The absolutely astounding gameplay, soundtrack, and visuals are worth the $40 alone. But do NOT come into this game expecting the story to be meaningful, or to even pick up where the first game left off, becuase it certinaly does not."
,Recommended,324800,28316309,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Jaycub,"Considering this is a game I did not research, I have to say its a work of art. 8/10 for an impulse buy! Think DOOM (2016) with swearing, innuendo's and melee weapons. Graphics are phenomenal, gunplay and swords are downright fun and the coop just tops it all off. Shadow Warrior 2 has a small 'Borderlands' vibe with its weapon looting and coop story."
,Recommended,324800,33663489,Posted: 19 July,all,FadedMind,"A game with 80's vibes and filled to the brim with d*ck jokes, need I say more?"
,Recommended,324800,27213527,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sudoku Squad,"Short review:Definitely this is an improvement on the Shadow Warrior 2013 ( I'd recomend trying it too though :D ) !Here's my comments on it:As I've heard that Flying Wild Hog actually wanted to put Co-Op on the Shadow Warrior 2013, but instead we got this - Shadow Warrior 2 .I love how they actually balanced the weapons so you don't end up using just the sword and a bow like in the last game, this time you get to mix around and even put your improvements to the weapons (well the only minus is that I think they should improve the upgrades since there are alot of useless ones).It's fun to parkour and just do your ninja dodges around randomly (almost) generated maps and just shoot/slash the demons with the amazing procedural gore *o*When you thought the first game had not enough wang jokes - this will be totally filled with wang jokes!As to Shadow Warrior 2013 I've finished it in Heroic and I'll try my best finishing this one on the highest difficulty too ^^For ""The Steam Awards"" I've rated this as ""I'm not crying, there's something in my eye"" award since it literaly made me tear up on the first playthrough of finding how amazing the procedural gore looks and how fun this game is XD"
,Recommended,324800,26454299,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Cookie,"It's been awhile since ive actually quite found a game I enjoy. This game would be one that I am enjoying very much so, between the incredible graphics and the vast amount of detail in the landscape and the fact that partial parts of it are randomly generated, the game delivers quite well to my expectations. You and your friends will find joy in this game if you enjoy FPS/RPG.--First Look-- Positives / Neutrals+ Randomly GeneratedParts of the world are randomly generated allowing for a repetitive experience that is ever changing.+ Incredible GraphicsThe Graphics in this game are stunning especially at max settings, everything looks great and performs well.+ Build Your CharacterThe ability to customize and put your skill points into what you want and like allows you to have quite alot of possibilities for character builds and overall gives you a great accomplishment when your build works out. You will be able to buy/find more character ability cards throughout your journey.+ WeaponsThere is alot of weapons to collect and I don't think ive even gotten them all yet, but they are all incredibly well detailed and are fairly different. Some weapons also offer a base attribute of an extra effect for using them.+ Weapon Stone UpgradesThrough your journey you will acquire stones that will allow you to upgrade your weapons and will change them. You could build a crazy fire shotgun or a electrical SMG...you can do whatever you like with this system and it has even more to offer than just elemental stones.+- MultiplayerSince I've started using the multiplayer it works quite well and is very seemless, however no voice ingame or text communication is available leaving you to use external programs.+ Difficulty LevelsThe game has TONS of choices for difficulty and each one is more rewarding than the last, it is extremely fun and challenging to keep pushing yourself higher. You are rewarded aswell!+ Developer InputSince the very beginning the developers have been working hard to resolve any issues and released more than a single patch within a few days of the initial release of the game.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------First Look-- Negatives- StutteringFor some people (I am not one) they encounter alot of stuttering issues.. Initially i had this problem but it still persists for some people.- CrashingFor some people (I am not one) the game will crash randomly to the desktop and currupt your save files or worse. Initially they did not have a system to help stop this but since have released a backup save in order to try and keep your files from being currupted.- Save's Randomly CurruptFor some people (I am not one) save files have been found to be currupted for absolutely no reason and would require the user to start all over or try and modify the files in order to fix the issue. IF they can.. sometimes it is so badly damaged it can't even be fixed.--Final Findings--Shadow Warrior 2 is a Excellent non-linear RPG/FPS game that I thoroughly enjoy. Besides all of its tiny problems it offers alot for it's price and allows you to have countless fun with friends aswell. I could play this game over and over and over again and not get bored of it...since it is very similiar to borderlands but not entirely it gives me that same feeling.. and i can keep doing it over and over again.. rebuilding my weapons and such.. it is enjoyable and the enemies can sometimes be difficult especially when you start to bring friends along. Overall I would fully reccomend this game to anybody and am glad that it came to light as for me it is a very enjoyable experience and am looking foward to future updates for the game to only get better."
76561198031764111,Recommended,324800,26636670,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,kodatarule,"This game is one of the best games of the year so far and not just this year, but in general! The content you get in this game is just mind-blowing, you have semi-open-world game in style of wolfenstein 2009, but this game pulls it off 10 times better! You have so many options of playing, you can play it as an epic cyber ninja or as some RPG Diablo-style game in first person! You get a lot of areas with most of them feeling a lot of 80s(my personal favorite era of all time), the player can take different upgrade items for almost everything - weapons, armors, coop experience, powers... The soundtrack is just mind-blowing and I have yet to get to the gold stan bush - warrior song! I do recommend this game to everyone who loves - 80s, hectic action, guns blazing, chaos, tribute to the 80s and gamers in general even if you are not fans of the first person shooter genre!"
76561197990766081,Recommended,324800,31910467,Posted: 22 May,all,Grendel,"This FPS has it all for a singleplayer game...  Great looks, sound, low brow humor, weapon and monster variety, loot, story....  I didn't imagine it was this good but I am hooked on it.  Do you like eviscerating body parts and lots of gore?  You will not be disappointed.  I would highly recommend on sale if you like first person shooters.  It plays well with a controller.  You can play online co-op too I think , but I havnt bothered with it yet, I'm assuming it's dead...no vs. that I know of.  This is a good FPS to pick up for the single player campaign."
,Recommended,324800,34780438,Posted: 6 September,all,スター・ロード,"If you like mindless fun and Action/Shooters with EXTREMELY satisfying melee combat then this is the game for you. Story is meh, but it clearly wasn't the focus of the game. 9/10 highly recommended!"
,Recommended,324800,26034317,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,ᅚ,The way of the Wang is long and hard... and ribbed for her pleasure.
,Recommended,324800,26019262,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,NeatMike,"This game made me feel so manly, my dad finally told me was almost proud of me."
76561198069814834,Recommended,324800,30087804,Posted: 21 February,all,TheRubberDuckie,Basically Doom+Borderlands 2+Swords
,Recommended,324800,32739577,Posted: 24 June,all,DEUS VULT,"Got this game by my dear friend Mayu and it's amazing.A true upgrade from the original, more enemies, more guns, more everything!Graphics are superbe but the story is quite short, in 7 hours i finished it.9/10"
,Recommended,324800,26135395,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Thanadrax💜,"This is not Shadow Warrior 1 for sure. Its gameplay has changed to the depths of basics, but it's one of the best FPS games i've ever played so far.People call this game short, but it took me over plenty of hours to beat it, which is not bad.Performance is smooth and sweet, RPG features are making me feel like it's some sort of borderlands with sockets, and the combat is why you have to play it.For sure, i recommend this game!... If you're not a huge fan of SW1 ggwp ez"
,Recommended,324800,26605560,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Nick Fuggin Wilde,"""What if Borderlands was an 80's anime/manga?""But in all seriousness, this is a fun loot em up with really good gore, d!ck jokes, really creative guns with actual differences unlike the game I mentioned up there, and a whole lotta Wang to go around."
,Recommended,324800,35059043,Posted: 18 September,all,"♥ChiDDe♥ ""working""",A really cool hack and slash fps game. Would recommend it when its on sale ^_^
,Recommended,324800,26020666,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Eddie Murphy,"This game is Amazing. Great Graphics, Great Performance, Great Gameplay, and Great Protagnist."
76561198324060960,Recommended,324800,29552907,Posted: 28 January,all,Damn You Cato,"Note: I've just played through the single player story mode (so far), and not the online/co-op part of the game.General:So where to start.. Its a Shadow Warrior game allright!Dont know the previous games in the series you say? well, let me start be telling you that you'll either love it or hate it just on the humor in the game, it got tons of d*ck jokes, bad humor, and all that comes with it.You play as Mr. Wang (Lo Wang) witch still holds his classic personality from the earlyer games, so if you liked the first games, even back to the really old ones, you will fall right back in this one.Your task is once again to save the world from demons, witch you do the only way Mr. Wang knows,with bad humour, hack and slash, kill everything in the most bloody way possible and ask questions later, with a arsenal of awesome to hillarious wepons to go with it. If your like me you find the joy and satisfaction of switching between everything from katanas to rocket launchers to some hybrid chainsaw axe to decide the fate of your enemies.And for you that know the older games in the series: YES, this game also have the ""bathtub secrets""(and like it) around if you adventure abit when playing ;)Story:The story, as expected, is not that deep, but its ok, even tho dont expect to leave killing on the side for awhile in this game its pretty much a straigh up hack and slash all the way through, with a blended in story. But the story (in my eyes) are most likely not the reason you'd want to be playing this game.I might miss a slight aspect of variation in the game at times, when it feels like its a standard setup on every story mission  that goes like: spawn at start, kill your way to the target, talk or kill (or both) the target.. and then kill some more, then head back.I must admit, it might have lost its ""shadow warrior"" feel if they had changed that up to much, but I feel like a slightly different setup would have been good in this game.Playtime :(just for the story part, the game has more to offer)I did some sidequest besides the story, and have used time doing random stuff (Like you (atlest me) tend to end up doing in games), so I'm guessing the story itself clocked in at about 10-13 hours of playtime(not rushing through), witch isnt that much.that said, I'm still below 70% finished if you count in the main side quests, and then you got the multiplayer aspect witch I havent even tried yet.The game also holds secrets you can spend your time trying to find, wepons you can find and upgrade in many ways, or just mess around++So yeah, I would say the game got a decent amount of playtime.Summary:As I come from the early parts of Shadow Warrior (back on win98 I think?) I had fun playing this game, as I also felt abit of the nostaligia, so it gets my thumbs up.  If you never played it, well heck, I have no idea if you'd like it. :DBut it you are into pretty braindead shoot em up, hack and slash with humor on the edge, I sugest you try it!I must also add that the 'Photo Mode' in this game is EPIC! So if you like chasing around for the perfect screenshots this game will keep you going for awhile just for that, I've messed around with it alittlebit and got some amazing captures!"
,Recommended,324800,26471098,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,ValentinBk,A review of the blood and gore effects in Shadow Warrior 2https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rL61v3fRSBYThe verdict:Exceptional body damage - the game has dynamic dismemberment (amputation can happen anywhere) and the other aspects of the body damage are also pretty solid.Blood spilling and animation responses are done on a very basic levelThe sound responses deliver
,Recommended,324800,32895221,Posted: 27 June,all,wheatstoneholmes,"Lots of fun chaotic action! This game is full of ""mature"" humor, maybe not as funny as the first but keeps things fresh!I finished this before finishing the first Shadow Warrior remake and I think the first game's story is superior! The graphics in SW2 are amazing and I really enjoyed playing both games in stereoscopic 3D using Tridef 3D drivers!So SW1 vs SW2?SW 1 has better story and humorSW 2 has better graphics and controls, story is meh, but the humor helpsOverall, I enjoyed many hours of single-player and multi-player fun with Shadow Warrior 2!"
,Recommended,324800,26015367,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,petskuletsku,Even more blood and explosions.Was not dissapointed.
,Recommended,324800,26028157,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Mister Torgue Flexington,one question only......WHO WANTA SOME WANG????
,Recommended,324800,26019198,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Lgbaa,"Congrats to the developers for creating such an amazing game with loads of different elements. For anyone looking to buy this game I definetly recommend it. On ultra textures the game looks amazing. The sounds are amazing and the little puns are actually quite funny to the easily humoured minds. The only thing I would say is a down point is the character visuals as the woman isn't very detailed in custscenes, however that doesn't matter at all. The weapon variety is amazing and it's so fun to chainsaw some enemies down then fire the grenade launcher at the boss you're frantically trying to run away from to heal.Gameplay - 10/10Sounds - 10/10Characters - 8/10Overall - 9/10BUY IT IF YOURE CONSIDERINGEDIT: Just completed the game. This game has lived up to my expectations and the first impressions it created for me have stuck thoughout the whole entire duration of the game. A twisting plot, interesting characters, a bad♥♥♥♥♥collection of weapons and loads more to be enjoyed. I'm now going to do New Game + and try and find all the secrets and hidden items which are in the game. Ive also nominated this game for one of the first steam awards which they're doing, Thanks for reading!"
76561198034908082,Recommended,324800,34449397,Posted: 23 August,all,Bane,"One of the most unique franchises out there with a healthy dosing of gore, combat, blood, guts, gore and more gore. So glad they renewed this as a series. Loved the 2013 Shadow Warrior. Leveling system still not super intuitive but alright. So so choclatey smooth tho.Flying Wild Hog and Devolver both kick♥♥♥♥♥Oh and screw those little guys that grow up into big mean guys."
,Recommended,324800,30908854,Posted: 2 April,all,Carrot <3 Sexy Time !,"Shadow Warrior 2 is a game with a cheesy guy called Lo Wang it's a hack and slash with slight RPG elements.This game has been about ups and downs, when I first installed it I didn't feel for it and unistalled it after I got all my card drops. Many months later when I ran out games I reinstalled it in the begin I wasn't loving it like I loves Shadow Warrior 1.It took about 9 hours orso, before I really started loving it and the weapons and upgrades became more fun.I found the game certainly in the begin to complex with the big ammount of items you pick up and the elemental stuff, thats the stuff I didn't like very much and I still think they made it to complex with the 100s and 100s of items you pick up to upgrade your weapons and persona.But like I said once I got certain weapons that where strong (swords) I started loving the game.The Devs are also nice cause they made plenty of free DLC's.Storyline was decent for a Shadow Warrior game.I really couldn't get enough of this game doh.It probally has about 15 hours gametime on the first run with the submissions and all.Obviously I played it allot more cause I played it a second time to get some more achievements and stronger weapons.The Devs have fixed all gamebreaking bugs and all as far as I can tell so im happy.I would slap the Devs doh, for the to complicated system they made and the generated maps which make you reconize maps they should have made unique area's and maps.Love the game doh and I would recommend it even full price."
76561198030560317,Recommended,324800,34444616,Posted: 23 August,all,Nagasadri,"Pros : It's fast, it's fun, it's violent, the mechanics are on point, the arsenal is varied, there are a lot of different enemies, level design is nice, environment looks good and the soundtrack is amazing. Co-op looks promising, but none of my imaginary friends play this game.Cons : It could be better optimised, the humor tries to be ""so bad it's funny"" but overshoots and lands in ""so bad it's cringy"" territory a few times, the story kinda sucks.Its cons are excusable. Honestly, if you were looking for a good story in an oldschool shooter i'm afraid there might be something wang with you."
76561198135250906,Recommended,324800,30561891,Posted: 16 March,all,innijump,"Got this game so that I have a game to play online with my friend (co-op) and I do not regret buying it. The dialog and voice are great. Great visuals. Endless fighting. You can follow the story easily. Lots of weapons. Lot's of different enemies. And last but not least, Little Wang. It's great. Nothing spectacular. But good."
,Recommended,324800,26055882,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Noizizi,♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes-Loot hoarding-Ridiculous weapons-Ridiculous enemies-Amazing graphics-Actually has decent story-more♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes-Shows how game optimization is done right-Banging soundtrack-Has lots of WangWhats not to like?
,Recommended,324800,30141497,Posted: 24 February,all,Ionpath,"Shadow Warrior 2is the sequel of the 2013 game which is a remake of the 1997 game. It's an FPS game in which you play as smart-mouth Lo Wang, a modern ninja warrior with special powers and an arsenal of melee weapons and firearms, fighting your way through demons and mercenaries out to destroy the world one way or another.As a game Shallow Warrior 2 (not a typo) is pretty fun when it wants to and pretty dull when it tries to take itself seriously. The main story was uninteresting, annoyingly convoluted and felt like a tedium in which you progress through the fun aspect of the game, the gameplay itself. The game is famous for its cheap but albeit funny at times, mocking and filled withwang/dong/(euphemism for♥♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes. Sometimes they work, sometimes they feel... forced but most of the time is a cheap comedic relief. Some people will appreciate them more than others to be sure and truth be told Lo Wang really shines in the positively ridiculous adventures on your side questing. Which is a shame really. The game felt interesting and funny when you did the side quests, that is not to say that the main quest didn't have its moments, but I found the game most enjoyable when it didn't take itself too seriously.When the game tries too hard it shows and it removes the premise of ridiculousness and goes for a serious note which is frankly not what the game is supposed to be.The gameplay is nice, you have a variety of weapons to choose from, each with some different mechanics and passive bonuses. You have lots of mods to choose from and this is where the game excels. You can mod just about anything into any weapon to create your own personalized tool of destruction. Elemental damage, critical strikes, reduced missed attacks on ranged weapons, bows, arrows, grenade launchers, the game has it all.Of course this is a double edge sword (HA!), which means that on higher difficulties, elemental immune bullet (slash?) spongy enemies, will cause you switch to different weapon every 3 minutes. It's is annoying to switch constantly but that's the nature of the game. Although I did find myself to breeze through the game with a very few weapons, I can imagine on max difficulties, weapon switching is a must do in order to succeed.Slaying enemies nets you XP and you can spend the points to improve on your skills. The majority are passive bonuses but you can also make any of your 4 primary skills better. There's no level limit so theoretically if you play enough you can get all tiers of all skills on the different trees. There's lots of useless loot and I do meana lotwhich makes inventory management a nightmare to go through. However you can 'recycle' them for something better but that costs resources and it's not very money efficient.The game itself is quite short, just about 15 hours to do all main+side story missions, there are also a few trials added as a free DLC which grant access to several blacksmith weapon improvements. Gameplay is the saving grace of the game and the only reason which this gets a thumbs up. It's entertaining, it's fast paced and it's feel really good to slash demons with your sword. It's what the game does best and I kinda wish there was more of it and less elemental resistant enemies which turns this fun aspect of the game into a chore.I'm giving a slight recommendation for this based on the fun gameplay alone but with a caveat; get this on a discount. There's not plenty of issues with game, it's fairly straightforward but it's really short and there's not really any replayability unless you're really into the game. Higher difficulties mean that you get more resistant enemies and you're playing the same dull story again and again. The developers did a solid job but the game has glaring flaws which take away from an otherwise fun experience and that's a shame. I certainly hope if there's a sequel for this in the future that some, if not all, of the issues will be gone and the game can truly shine."
,Recommended,324800,33277957,Posted: 5 July,all,Thrax™,"The first one was good, but this is even better IMHO."
76561198023637559,Recommended,324800,30576237,Posted: 17 March,all,Omunall,"My god this is awesome. Honestly bought this for my impending new rig as i'm running 4bg quad core 2.9gh 1gb ram raedeon card. This game runs smooth as butter, some slow down when a lot of stuff is happening (i mean minor) but thats because i've damn near maxed everything out.Specs lie...or this is beautifully optimized. Awesome loot and shoot, going to love this."
,Recommended,324800,28510807,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Ellye,"Excellent FPS with lite RPG elements that don't take away from the action - your skills are more important than your character level or such.Weapons have different feel and different uses, magic is focused on crowd control so you can keep killing with your guns, swords and bows. Combat is fast paced and exciting, with a lot of movement, weapon swapping, spell usage and dashing around the battlefield looking for a health kit.Fantastic post-launch support with free content patches and general improvments."
76561197971191959,Not Recommended,324800,32044417,Posted: 29 May,all,mrbalaclava,"After enjoying the first game (the reboot), I had high hopes of enjoying this one too.Unfortunately, a totally bland story combined with generic featureless levels, countless boring weapons and wading through a morass of useless 'upgrades' made this pretty much a slog to get through.This is combined with the frequent lengthy loading screens to make an unsatisfactory experience for me - sorry!"
,Recommended,324800,27732550,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[DeNo] The Wicked Viking,"If you liked the first, you will like this."
,Recommended,324800,33867247,Posted: 28 July,all,Floppy Waffle,"Fast, fun, fresh, with phallic fortune cookies."
,Recommended,324800,26042313,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,zuppaclub,"IMO this 242999 IDR (18.60 USD) game easily slice and blast some of 60 USD gamesone of the most enjoyable game that I'm playing this year (DOOM too)cheap, great preformance, great gameplay, stunning graphicif you love FPS / serious sam / doom / bioshock / loot system / borderlands, I hope you also love this game too"
,Recommended,324800,26026137,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,j1m1nnn,"TO THE DEVELOPERS-I remember reading a post where you said you'd consider implementing a Steam Workshop. Please do. This game is really fun and great, but I think implementing Steam workshop would extend this game's playability and life.Thanks for creating a fun game."
,Recommended,324800,26019994,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Hannibal [On PS4 Pro 4 som time],This game rocks solid in every possible meaning!Unexpectedly decent shooter of 2016!10 out of 10 Wangs
76561197970512270,Recommended,324800,30562095,Posted: 16 March,all,AAKURTZ,Killer game. Amazing value. A must purchase for FPS fans who like a touch of RPG in their shooting.
76561198047518635,Recommended,324800,26058235,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,h0rnyfavn,"1) Graphics - 8.5Sometimes the game looks kinda mediocre but it's mostly designers fault. And other times it looks great.Dat engine can deliver impressive graphics. I wish the devs used it more efficiently.2) Performance - 9Outstanding3) Customization - 9Lots of stuff you can configure in the main menu.4) Sound - 7.5Music is good,SFX is fine, voice over is good.5) Story - 5Considerably worse than the first one. The first game story had style and and it was a bit tragic in the end. This? This is just meh..6) Gameplay -8Pretty much like the first game except for loot that mostly needed to counter mobs resistances.+ add damage. Melee combat is great and satisfying. It's fun. I haven't used guns much but they seem to do a better job than in the previous game. Inventory management can get kinda tiresome though.7) Co-op -7They need to make some improvements to matchmaking and some other stuff, but overall I liked it. I would recommend playing the game in co-op instead of going all alone.8) Level design 4This is the worst part of the game. And not because of a limited randomization. I've found out that essentially we have just a few ""pool areas"" in general from where the game takes assets and mixes them. The result? You will always find yourself thinking ""Hmm..I reckon I've been here.""What's worse, several times you visit literally the same locations  (mostly side quests).There are some exception but they are just that.. exceptionsThis is a fail. But not because of randomization. Because these ""pools"" are so few and what they have can't be used efficiently enough to diversify your exploration experience9) Bosses - 6Let's jsut say there are 4 major boss battles and two of these four you fight the same boss.  The first fight is the best one, the rest are OK. Better than in the first game for sure but still not perfect. However. the final boss fight song is amazing.PS  These numbers are not meant to be divided to get an overall score., It's just to better illustrate cons and prosIf you want a general score I'd give the game 7.5+I prefer to stick to  atrocious\bad\mediocre\good\great\masterpiece.This game is good but not without flaws."
,Recommended,324800,26028889,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Young Freak,"The game looks pretty good, fightings are amazing, just like old times! There's no much difference between SW and SW2, and there's no need for it. The changes are that game is more coop oriented now: inventory, lots of weapons and upgrades, DPS, weapon's levels, sorts of damage, kill-drop system e.t.c. So it's looks like Borderlands, Dead Island or something for me.Features i'd like to introduceSwordsShort bladesLight weaponry (pistols)Medium weaponry (SMGs / Rifles)ShotgunsHeavy weaponry (!)Grenade launchers (!)Artillery weaponry (nail gun, gauss)Special weaponry (chainsaw)Fire, Poison, Electrecity, Ice elements.Weapon upgradesSkill upgrades4 enemy fractionsLots of lore and wangopediaGood level's designGood optimisationGood humorSick drama"
,Recommended,324800,26081484,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,[PXR]VegaXTerror,"Best FPS ever. Been playing Duke, original SW, SS ect and this delivers big time. Co Op is amazing, and they improved on literally everything since SW remake. I hesistate to say best game ever, but I'll let you all be the judge. If SS4 is anything like this I'll pre-order. It's a bit more expansive than SW1 remake with a lot more skills, jewels and weapons. Story is awesome, gameplay is awesome, and they added the only thing the first one missed which was multiplayer. Great job boys keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,324800,32937515,Posted: 28 June,all,Kincaid7,"More witty then Duke Nukem,More gore and action then Doom,And a Borderlands-ish weapons system with a unlimited carry capacity,The story and side missions will take you over a day or two to beat,Plus it's multiplayer so it's also great to play with friends.It's really high up there in game content too. When you kill an enemy it could drop: A perk, a weapon, a weapon/armor/character/multiplayer upgrade, a story piece, a fortune cookie, and probably something else I'm just forgetting. Not to mention their is a wangton of all those.My favorite weapon in the game was the Chainsaw (Way better then the Doom chainsaw if you ask me) and I only used it occasionaly because the swords were more versitile because of a ranged attack move where you cast a penetrating sword slice that flys in the air in the direction you slice in. But then one day I killed a enemy and got a wanging Chainsword. It basically combined both weapons into one wangtastic one and I've never been happier.If you're interested in the game, give it a try. If you end up not liking it (if that's possible), return it."
,Recommended,324800,26022458,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Spliceddaddy,"Plenty of Wangling with Wanguns to get sWang. Easy to get tWangled up with Wanglers. Quite Wangly the tWangiest Wangan, tWangle. Don't be a tWanger, come get some tWangs!WangDate 9th DeWangerWang DLC Wanglleges free! More Wangled parts than Dr Wanglestein, who got Wang phW from Wangley! Don't Wangt to Wang a Wanger and be a Wangker but Wangley Wang got to Wang, Wanga Wangathon with some Wangs. Wang Out!W.s bWang Wangrey Wang Wang Wangin, Wang it Wang Wang, Wang Wangin, Wang Wang Wang Wangin Wang. Wangiously, So many Wangpuns in this Wang, Wangsaws, Wangords, Dwanging Dwanguns."
76561198146394141,Recommended,324800,26022930,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Sergalicious,"I was a bit hesitant to put my trust in the developers and pre-order the game after the whole NMS scandal, but I am extremely glad I did. Shadow Warrior 2 improves on the 2013 game in almost every single way, adding tons of new weapons, procedurally generated areas, free roaming, side missions, and loads of other content. The game advertises itself as having over 70 weapons, but in reality the number is much higher, thanks to the unique firing mode upgrades that can completely transform the way your weapon works. The game's advanced gore system makes every kill feel unique, as you can actually see enemies fall apart based on where you hit them rather than predertermined ""cutting points."" The game is extremely well optimized; I am able to run it on Ultra with just the occasional stutter, and the various locations you visit are absolutely stunning. Overall, Shadow Warrior 2 is a bold upgrade from its predecessor that succeeds with flying colors.Highly Recommended!"
,Recommended,324800,26019869,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,KevO:,need directions? take a sharp left into my sword & keep going lmao
,Recommended,324800,26019996,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Darth Vader,"""1st finished game"" release of the year 2016."
,Recommended,324800,33179255,Posted: 3 July,all,Macstat,"Speed, flow of combat, fast dodges and nice combination of melee and ranged combat makes SW2 my personal favorite when it comes to FPS games.Addition of Borderlands-like loot system and a lot of lovely weapons makes it even more fun."
,Recommended,324800,28728819,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,deathfog86,i have been looking for a good game for awhile now.... THIS GAME ROCKSthe trailers and reviews on youtube do not even come close to doing this game justicepositivesgraphics+videocombatstory lineDID i say combat...because wowi laughed i cried i clutchednegativesorb currency needs better drop ratesorbs need to be a buyable thing in steam market 100-200+ on some weapons and 3 per triallagged twice for a few momets (could be pc related)HANDS DOWN BUY THIS GAME
,Recommended,324800,32907823,Posted: 27 June,all,Pelarus,"A rather fun first person shooter/slasher. I enjoyed the skills and I had a ton of fun trying to 100% the game, currently struggling with obtaining 10,000 orbs. This game as a whole is a lot of fun, and you don't necessarily need to play the first game, I didn't."
,Recommended,324800,26017498,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Crystal,This is the best thing since sliced wang. Or was it Wang slicing?
76561198097604806,Recommended,324800,32665575,Posted: 22 June,all,odinswraith,"so high octane, and one of the most fun ive had in a single player experience in a long time!"
76561198010894890,Recommended,324800,31707687,Posted: 12 May,all,"Godfather, Don HeaD","Feels quite dumbed down, visuals are less unique.Story is a bit pointless and missions are just an excuse for open world, but most importantly the combat is intense, fast paced and fun.The gore is nice, but sometimes too messy to notice the nice details.It's cool to ♥♥♥♥ up monsters with all sorts of weapons.Haven't tried Co-op yet, but I'm guessing it's just as satisfying as single player, maybe even better with extra bodies flying around."
,Recommended,324800,26271953,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,q3dm6,"I don't feel like doing a review full of gushing like I did with DOOM, so I'll just keep it simple and stupid with a pros/neutrals/cons list.The good:☯ the most satisfying and meaty combat out of all first person shooters ever released☯ over 70 unique weapons to utilize, including double shotguns, katanas, spiked clubs, miniguns, Wolverine claws and rocket launchers☯ loads of gems you can insert in weapons that allow weapons to be used differently - dual wield, sticky projectiles, renote detonation, explosive ammo etc. - and you can combine them☯ mobility that puts even Doomguy to shame - sprinting is redundant, you can zoom around the map like friggin' Sonic☯ no fall damage☯♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes are everywhere☯ huge variety of enemies☯ pretty damn stunning visuals☯ runs fantastically on pretty much every setupThe neutral:~ The game features a karma system, which is basically an experience bar. Each time you level up you get a skill point you can spend on an upgrade - maximum health/karma, more ammo found, more powerful attacks and so on. Personally I have no problem with that, but some people might find it pacebreaking~ Unlike the 2013 prequel, this game is more akin to Diablo in regards of gameplay (except being in first person perspective). There's missions, a hub you return to after completing quests, experience/money/weapon rewards, shops, and LOADS of upgrades you can apply to your character, weapons and abilities. Again, some people might find it pacebreaking and overwhelming, since the game almost literally drowns you in upgrades, and let's be frank, most of the time they're♥♥♥♥♥♥~ The game features five types of elemental damage - physical, fire, ice, toxic and shock, which may be applied to your weapons and be found (as either weakness or resistance) on enemies. Some people might find that off-putting, since you have to switch weapons around a lot on higher difficulties (Insane and up)~ Every optional mission takes place in a randomly generated area constructed from pieces of one of several presets. Again, personally I have no issue with it, but it might get samey if you happen to run into maps made of identical pieces twice in a row~ This might feel controversial, but it would be a shame not to address it: many, many people claim that enemies in this game are too bulletspongy, and from what I've seen, it's the kind of people who use wrong elemental damage on wrong enemies, spam quick melee attack and ignore special melee powers entirely, can't aim for♥♥♥♥♥♥and skim over the game's features and then complain that it's too hard. It isn't, you just need to follow the Dark Souls Two-Step Guide.The bad:💩While the visuals are great, this game enjoys vomiting particles at you. This, combined with rather excessive foliage on some levels and the massive hordes of enemies you'll be fighting makes it extremely difficult to see what exactly is even going on and why 75% of your HP is suddenly gone.💩The menus are a bit of a cluster♥♥♥♥, I'm talking Microsoft Excel levels of indecipherability. The game drowns you in upgrades, there's very little you can do to sort them (And I don't quite get how the sorting actually works), you can't pick favorites, so each time you remove a gem from a weapon you need to find it in the massive pile of crap the game has thrown at you. Technically you can tag gems as ""junk"" to sell them with one button press, but you get like 50+ gems per mission, nobody in the right mind will sit in menus comparing all of that stuff while you could be running around blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up.💩Replayability is questionable. New Game+ is pointless unless you missed an optional mission (Which, quite honestly, shouldn't happen) or choose a higher difficulty setting, and even with that it might get boring pretty quickly.💩SW2 is rather disgustinly easy compared to the 2013 prequel unless you're playing on Insane, which is where the game becomes challenging at all - you either get a wepaon for every single element or you're ♥♥♥♥ed.Overall rating: 🍆🍆🍆 🍆🍆🍆 🍆🍆🍆/ 10Get it if you like Diablo in first person perspective."
,Recommended,324800,32913325,Posted: 27 June,all,KingDoogan,Probs the only game where the bugs don't even bother me.Too good.
,Recommended,324800,32877259,Posted: 27 June,all,Jar Lord,"When you hit a fork in the road in this game, you just grab the fork and use it, hopefully for dinner!"
76561197991730923,Not Recommended,324800,26231151,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Nova,"(06/02/2017 addendum: As I look back several months later, I realise I never recovered from the menu-induced whiplash, therefore my recomendation has changed to: Do not buy, stick with SW1!)WARNING: If you love Shadow Warrior but hate Borderlands, then proceed with caution (at least wait for a sale), as this game is one concerted effort by the latter to ruin the former.But is this better than Shadow Warrior 1? Yes and no!Pros1) No more stamina, which is great because unless you're called Dark Souls/Bloodborne then don't bother!2) No more falling damage, thus no more splattering yourself on the floor by dashing down a six foot flight of stairs!3) Although it's still more advisable to just dart in and out before the enemies hit you - a much more viable tactic with the lack of stamina and fall damage, combined with the more open spaces - you can now parry with your sword.4) Excellent animation quality, with different animations playing each time you fire/reload.5) The Lo Wang brand of humour. He's hardly Oscar Wilde (whose quotes can be found on fortune cookies, incidentally), with most of his jokes falling flat but still amusing, in fact I probably wouldn't have made it to the end without them.6) Kamiko. Wang's new head-tenant provides a more effective counterpoint to his behavior than the trickster Hoji ever did.7) The controls for chi powers and special sword attacks have been much-improved, with the former requiring only single button presses and just asingledirectional input + right click for the latter.8) Much greater variety of weapons, more than I suspect I've managed to find so far.9) Combat is fast-paced andcanbe satisfying which brings me to....The ConsOh where to begin? The loot system; the colour-coded, slottable gem-based Borderlands influence, is a complete and utter mess! Literally! After almost every single fight, the battlefield becomes littered with crap, with the RNG only occasionally deigning to give me something better than what I already have. Plus, you'd think that the purpose of a colour-coding system would be so that you can tell at a glance, which ones would be more effective but no, in this game it is possible - and all too likely - for that level 50 ""legendary"" red gem (red>yellow>blue>gray) you just acquired from that difficult boss fight to offerLESSdps than say, your level 45 blues, probably because it got -damage as one of it's downsides!The only gem types that are actuallyinterestingare the different ammo types like explosive or piercing and the alternate fire modes - which actuallyreplace, instead of supplement, the primary fire - like rapid-fire, dual-wield and turret, none of which I have ever used because that would mean wasting one of the 3 valuable slots I need to improve theonlystat that matters:Damage!Probably the most damning part of this system is the constant - and sometimesloooooong- gameplay interruptions that will inevitably ensue as you tediously scroll through the list of gems, trying to optimise your weapons to counter the increasingly bullet-spongey enemies and their random grab-bag of arbitrary modifiers, mainly elemental resistances/weaknesses.For me, this got worse when I realised I could have the Ninja Touch amulet equipped for +30% melee damage and the Marksman Soul for +30% firearm damage and I got into the habit of swapping them out when switching between sword and gun, since opening the inventory pauses the game.In short: Shadow Warrior 1's weapon upgrade system was far superior; quality over quantity! I would actually rather suffer those invulnerable-everywhere-except-the-chicken-pox-on-the-back trolls than this alternative!So what about plot and level design? Well after a promising start, in which you progress linearly and loop back around to Wangs' car after collecting the artifact, you arrive at the hub area and upon embarking on your first mission, Wang goes to enter his car, only for Kamiko to inform him that she can take us to and fro more efficiently which, after only one mission, I took as the developers saying ""Oh no, linear progression through coherent levels is so last year (or 3 as it were), teleporting back and forth between the hub area and the same 2 or 3 copy-pasted play pens is what the cool kids are into!"". This makes the game a disjointed sight-seeing tour compared to the journey that was SW1 (the same issue I had going from Dark Souls 1 to 2).This, combined with the side-questing, completely kills the pacing and gives no sense of momentum or progress - which I'm guessing is why they felt the need to flat out tell you your completion percentage on the character select screen - leaving me with little to no investment by the end due to the stupor it had lulled me into. And as for the ending: abrupt, unsatisfying and they may as well have justdropped a piano on Wangs' head!Upon finishing SW1 on normal, I immediately and gleefully restarted on hard whereas SW2, I started on hard mainly because of the promise of decent drops (I dread to think how bad they must be on lower difficulty levels!) and now that I've finished it, have no immediate desire to go through it again.Ultimately though, I did still enjoy it but that came inspiteof the Borderlands influence, which has rendered merelygoodwhat otherwise would have been afantasticgame if it had kept the weapon upgrade system, plot and level structure that previously served it very well.For this reason, I'd say it is worth getting but definitelynotat full price.There is nothing wrong with linearity, Flying Wild Hog! Better to forge ahead with certainty than to flit back and forth and meander around. Put that in one of your fortune cookies!"
,Recommended,324800,26032102,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,S'AraisVanu,"its diffrent. I Wish weapons were more like their SW2013 equivilents, but this is otherwise fine..All in all, it's a good take on the Borderlands formula, so expect SW2013 mixed with that.However, gameplay makes it clear this is done by some Croteam devs, reminds me of SSBFE too but less enemies and more rpg elementsChronologically in terms of the games themselves, it seems:SW2013-SW2-SW (wherein he cuts off his hair in shadow warrior 2013, probably gets a beard in sw2 i dont know havent gotten that far, and the original is where he's oldest."
76561198237172526,Recommended,324800,32838733,Posted: 26 June,all,Omar650,Just as good or better than then first one
,Recommended,324800,26089131,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,asmodai,"Played through the entire single player campaign on normal with all side missions: it took me about 15 hours. So I reckon many people will take between 15-20 hours. The game offers a new game+ mode where you keep current unlocks, I have not tried it yet to see, with an increased difficulty setting, how much more difficult the fights will be.With that said, the gameplay is solid and tight. It has been a while where I picked up a game and it just demanded me to play it from start to finish without any other games interfering. The movement with dashes and jumps feels nice and fast, the weapons have that nice feel about them and overall the fights make you feel like an incredible bad♥♥♥♥♥In some ways it reminds me of both Borderlands and Diablo 3 in how it combines gems and elemental types that you can add to your weapons in order to customize them. Although I have to admit that some types of gems I never used. Also some gem types seem to generate random stats on gems whereas three of the same kind of elemental gems generates a better quality elemental of the same type.Graphically the game looks good enough for me, especially when you are doing high paced combat. But it is obvious that models during cutscenes aren't as well made as in other games. Frequently limbs bend a bit weird or you might seem other small mistakes. It doesn't detract from the overall enjoyment of the game.The humour you either like or you do not. There's no middle ground. So this might be the biggest make or break-em."
,Recommended,324800,26024332,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Mkilbride,Everybody Wang Chung tonight.
76561198019069999,Recommended,324800,26034446,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,MMXI AQUILA,I REGRET NOT PRE-ORDERING. NUFF SAID
,Recommended,324800,26049428,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Papa Echo™,♥♥♥♥ing. Speechless.
76561198003838639,Recommended,324800,26047376,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,ミル・ウイルム,"Game is absolutely beautiful. I mean, in every way possible.+ Good visuals. I played on ultra, despite having old rig and still there was no moment, when I suffered from stuttering or fps drops.+ Well optimised, as stated before.+ Story is not very original, but still interesting. And there is some sort of codex, where you can listen to dialogues, read lore, notes about guns and other stuff.+Music. Oh, the sound is great. Perfect for slicing demons in half.+A lot of new weapons. You can swap them around, change their properties (like adding elemental damage, life drain, chi drain, bonus damage against certain types of enemies, ammo conservation for firearms and more).+Humour.+Powers. At first there are small amount of cards, which represent your upgradable powers, but later you'll unlock a lot of new stuff.+Highest difficulty is good for hardcore players. A lot of suffering. At least first 80% of the game. Later maxing certain upgrades will remove your main cause of death.+Multiplayer. Finally!-New ""roommate"" is kinda annoying and can't handle backtalking.Shadow Warrior 3. When?"
76561197973960012,Recommended,324800,26086590,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,|HP|SeeEmilyPlay,"Awesome fun at a great price! Lots of loot and plenty of weapons to choose from. Takes a little time getting to know/understand the upgrade system, but once you get it, you can make some great upgrades for your weapons, armour etc. I finished the game in about 15 hrs single player."
76561198004591912,Recommended,324800,26022301,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Wilcol,"It feels just like the first game, but with a whole lot more. More guns. More blades. More mods. More powers. More players. And most importantly...More Wang."
,Recommended,324800,26060509,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Xastral,Awesome game.borderland Style with some High movement speed :P
76561198061318256,Recommended,324800,30564114,Posted: 16 March,all,Meister Robotsu,"I remember hearing about this game, and just like a starry eyed child having their innocence taken away by a close family friend at christmas, I too, was very suprised indeed.I bought the first game a good few years ago now and have yet to complete it, but I still fell in love with the hack and slash, bad♥♥♥♥♥ninja attitude of the game.I have beat this game however! I have put in time to unlock the plethora of unique weapons on offer and still feel like i'm nowhere close to having them all, what makes this game even more impressive is the improvment upon the gameplay, graphics, story....aw ♥♥♥♥, just everything!I would be sitting here writing a novel if I got into every tiny detail of what I like about this so lets condense, shall we.- Wang is back and he's more cocky than last time and just as funny.- something like 74 weapons plus the DLC weapons, which were free by the by!!!- Weapons can be customised with special abilities as well as power upgrades which means that you and your friend could have the same weapon but totally different abilities or strengths.- open world enviroments and parkour? yes plz. Not to mention that the style of each enviroment is outstanding.- Lots of interesting monsters to slice up with a chainsaw or with whatever you choose, you can slice individual pieces off, this game is gorey af.- Quests and lots of bosses, yep, cool, great!- CO-OP NINJA FUN??????? OF COURSE U FOOL!- This game goes on deal all the time, the Devs realllllly care about the game, over christmas they updated the game with a new quest which gives you one new weapon but it's totally worth doing because it was free (Duh) they also released DLC but guess what fool? that was free too.There are a few bad things about the game but it's nitpicks, I'll include them anyway.- CO-OP only multiplayer means that friends are unable to battle each other to see who has the bigger wang ;)- Not as much replay value as I'd hope :((((Wow thats like everything i can think of.JUST BUY THIS GAME"
,Recommended,324800,26053538,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,MVme,"Do you like Diablo?Do you like Borderlands?Do you like Wang Jokes?Do you like fun that doesn't come with herpes?Then look no further, this is the game for you.  It's action packed, fun, and very enjoyful with friends.If you don't buy it, I'm sorry about the herpes you caught."
,Recommended,324800,26035564,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,EuphoriacA,"So much fun all round!So many weapons, endless upgrades through drops and just a great feeling game!Right up there with DOOM for me for best FPS in recent memory. 2 fantasic shooters in 2016! What a treat!(Wang pun)"
76561198068379744,Recommended,324800,30561186,Posted: 16 March,all,Choops,"I love this game! Excellent story, comedy, gameplay, graphics, physics, and overall entertaining! First play through should be around 15 hours, however Secret hunting is pretty fun and it really promotes exploration. The maps are VERY LARGE and there's so much to explore!I suggest playing through the game single player for your first playthrough though, mostly so that you can explore and truly appreciate the area design and achitecture of traditional Japanese areas and futuristic super metro techno city design.Regarding the story, and knowing this is the second installment in the game, you do not need to have played Shadow Warrior 1 nor the original game. The characters are all given proper introductions and all have flavor.After you complete the game, start New Game+ and bring along some friends! You get to carry over all of your gear, and Turn Up The Wang!"
,Recommended,324800,26038445,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Bobby Joe,amazeballs
76561198043641041,Recommended,324800,34499994,Posted: 26 August,all,Doggie,"Really fun Comedy / action game.it's really fun to complete, and 2x as fun with friends in my opinion, because you can jump around and joke eachother and stuff.the game runs smoothly, and looks really good, you dont need a very good pc to handle this game atleast.and if you liked the first (Shadow Warrior) then you would love this too."
,Recommended,324800,26028812,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Playwithsoul?,"GOTY 2016. Optimized very good, i7-4770k (4.4Ghz), Asus GTX 770 2GB(!), full HD with Ultra Settings = fps 50-100."
,Recommended,324800,34737626,Posted: 4 September,all,Nasty Pirate,"Lo Wang is back! Yeah no surprises there. The game starts a new Lo Wang adventure, which means, blood, gore, language, and other interesting things. The scenario is more or less mundane, you get the spirit of a girl and you have to reunite her with the her body which was stolen by some demons. Not very original.The game is again set in a form of Japanese reality with demons like its predecessor. Graphics have been evolved looking very detailed and well designed. Gameplay is a bit changed; the game is easy and I mean easier than the first part. I finished it on the Insanity 1 level on my first try. It has some Diablo 3 aspects in the gameplay like the replayability and the increased Insanity difficulty setting dependant on your level (much like D3's Torment levels). Bigger, badder enemies kick your♥♥♥♥♥in every corner but you get compensated by more and shinier loot.You can improve weapons using orbs of Masamune (which are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥to collect), set gems with abilities in them and also set gems on your armor which doesn't offer anything besides what your put into it. Very limited there.I guess the game is good for the fans but if you're not a fan maybe you won't like it much. It's even better if you get it on a sale. I'd give it a neutral point but since there is none, I recommend it because it is Lo Wang."
,Recommended,324800,26029113,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Delusional,Puts Doom to shame
,Recommended,324800,26045576,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,D.MAIDEN,"I love killing HD monsters;I love the BUNNY thing (you know this hah !!);I love (sorry , only'd two lines to say).Now,I m playing on ULTRA & getting (45-60)fps, (GTX 960M 4GB);hell yeah I m enjoying this game so far !!!!"
,Recommended,324800,34948056,Posted: 14 September,all,CitizenX3639,"Thanks to the developers at Flying Wild Hog and the publishing group of Devolver Digitial for providing another terrific action game for me to escape and enjoy.Shadow Warrior was my favorite FPS shooter of 2013. It was fast, beautiful, challenging and just so much damn fun. The sequel builds upon that success by adding co-op, loot, crafting, challenges, more weapons and a reason to keep playing even after the credits roll. It's fantastic but in some ways too much and broken. A weak story, some underwhelming boss fights (outside the 1st) ,limited locations, useless weapons and some terrible online connections keeps the sequel feeling more of a side step than a step forward. Its still better than most and if you are a fan of loot games SW2 is a must own.Shadow warrior 2 is set five years after the events of SW1(not required to enjoy the sequel). You play as the smart mouthed, funny Ninja warrior Lo Wang who is again hired to battle hordes of hell demons that have been released onto Earth by his nemesis Zilla. The main mission is to close the portal that has let the demons escape while also retrieving the body of young lady Kamiko whose soul has been placed in your body as a portal. The interaction between Kamiko and Lo Wang are the best parts of the story while the rest is just not very good. The dialogue with a lot of characters is cringe worthy and while the first SW nailed Lo Wang's attitude and humor this one is trying way too hard and  it's noticeable. What's weird, for you lore fans, there is a books worth, not kidding, of lore that you will collect while playing. Enjoy.What Shadow Warrior 2 lacks in story can easily be ignored due to the amazing game play. As in the first SW game play is fast, furious, rewarding, and challenging  as you slice,dice, shoot, and explode your way through hordes of enemies with sword(s) or guns. Game play is simple get a mission, go to location and battle hordes of enemies to retrieve, open, close or kill. There is a solid roster of  aggressive enemies(a lot more than SW1) and all are procedurally generated with different stats(more on this later) and they will spawn in different areas of a map during replay. Some of the enemies include ninjas who bicycle kick grenades(fckers),  some wield swords, guns or throw deadly uchiwas and some like the serpent snakes throw or stab you with their tridents(also fckers). There are also mechs, robot soldiers, and flying orbs and all will be buffed with(or shielded) with effects such as fire, ice, toxic, or electricity.To battle the demons of hell you will be given an arsenal of 70 different types of weapons to choose. They range from the usual handguns, shotguns, machine guns, rpgs, and bow to the weird medusa head that spits toxic poison or the saw blade that, like it sounds, is a sword that's like a chain saw. All the weapons come with random stats of damage, critical, etc and most will also include effects like listed above. Each weapon also has 3 slots to place gems which are the main loot item in the game. As in any loot game, upon killing an enemy they will drop gems, money, ammo or health and its glorious. Gems carry numerous stats that can increase your weapons damage, armor defense and as they become more powerful, they will also carry negatives. Gems can also be used to change weapons by making them turrets, allow you to dual wield, and use explosive ammo to name just a few options. There are also special orbs used to permanently upgrade any weapon with more damage, larger clip for ammo, less reload, etc. You can also craft gems which is a dice roll of lesser gems + $$$ for a higher level gem.Skill points for your character can be added to a series of cards with multiple slots to move faster, increase health, carry more ammo, more fire damage, etc. There is a good deal here for your character(very familiar) but I would have liked some more uniqueness to the cards and the ability to do loadouts. This should have been a loot item as I only had an enemy drop a card once(already had it). Its the weakest part of the loot system as it just feels basic.Graphically SW2 is no slouch. Running again on their own engine SW2 looks beautiful. The use of color in the outdoor environments is more natural while neon highlights the city scapes. I would like to have seen a larger template of environments but what is here looks amazing. Almost everything is destructible(except buildings) and cutting, shooting, , burning, exploding particle effects makes the 4th of July fireworks look minor. It can get easily hectic especially with multiple players and its easy to lose yourself in the chaos but damn, it's fun. My system ran the game at a solid 50-60 frames at 2560x1080P ultrawide with every setting ultra and never had any serious drops. The main issue came online where no matter what the game would hard crash or lose connection all the time and probably a good reason why player count online is low.Shadow Warrior is easily one of my favorite franchises and FWH is a one of my favorite developers today. Its combination of fast game play, awesome melee/gunplay combat and Lo Wang himself is unique to an ever crowded and growing market. Its a good game but because of some online issues, basic character development and weak story it doesn't outshine the first SW but damn its still better than most.Note: I would still be playing today if it wasn't for online performance. This could be attributed to most players being in eastern Europe region as US/US server connection seems to work fine. I play a lot of games online and this is by far been the worst from a connection pov.PositivesAmazing Fast and Furious game playGood variety of enemies and weaponsGraphics and Performance is really good(all Max/ultra settings 50-60 fps)Satisfying Loot and craftingTons of replayability with multiple difficulty tiers and challengesDLC and still being supported by FWHNegativesNot a lot of location varietyNo loadoutsComparing weapons/armor UIConstant online crashingWeak storyPlayer hit box seems to be bigDifficulty spikes"
,Recommended,324800,26019953,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,XerioZ,"Okay so here is a sort of quick review of SW2.Let's go through my pros and cons.+Wang-Early Release+Jokes+Co-op+Blood and Gore+Graphics-Little explanation from the story of SW1+Fun gameplayOkay that's it.I rate this 8/10 very good game.So, what are you waiting for?Go buy it! ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥UP WITH YOUR FAVORITE, WANG!"
76561198124780230,Recommended,324800,26052612,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Caboose,Left4Doom Ninja: Borderlands Edition.
,Recommended,324800,26035420,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,^4Black ^2Hound,"Lo Wang is back! Diesmal mit Koop Modus. Als ich mir das Spiel vorbestellt habe, dachte ich erst das würde überhaupt nicht auf meinem System laufen nachdem ich mir die Systemforaussetzungen angesehen habe, nun es läuft flüssig wie Butter. Zum Story-Modus kann ich noch nicht viel Sagen, aber ich denke mal das es richtig viel Spaß machen wird. Grafik und Gameplay sind vollkommen in Ordnung, da schon den ersten Teil gespielt habe und ich die Steuerung gewöhnt bin, daher ganz großes Lob and die Entwickler von Flying Wild Hog. Die 33€ haben sich also doch gelohnt :)"
,Recommended,324800,34495230,Posted: 25 August,all,Focal,A slick repetitve hack and slash with good graphics and a half decent story.Well worth $18US.
76561198256403060,Recommended,324800,28723925,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,JonnBlaze,"I'm still kind of new to PC gaming but this is the best game i've ever played!Pros: Graphics, multiple melee weapons, game mechanics (double jump, dash, etc), veriety of weapons, difficult boss fightsCons: None. I'm sure i'll end up beating this game multiple times"
,Recommended,324800,26098152,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Huzzah,"It’s DOOM without the claustrophobia. A Serious Sam + Borderlands cocktail with weighty, thumping, exciting, speedy combat. Diablo in first-person, with wide open spaces, packs of enemies, giant bosses and more weapons than you can shake a wang at. Shadow Warrior 2 is anarchic, excessive, ridiculous, occasionally spectacular and almost entirely wonderful.10/10 would recommend to anyone looking to kill♥♥♥♥♥♥:)"
,Recommended,324800,27876974,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,几乇ㄖ卩卄ㄚㄒ乇凌辱,Nice game to play with friends or without and would wang again 10/10
76561198124286781,Recommended,324800,26141467,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,stonegold_alk,"Didn't get too  far into it but very impressed with what I got. The Fighting is excellent, graphics top notch, action and mechanics all feel good. Loot system was sorta weird and overwhelming at times but far from a deal breaker. Any fans of the new Doom and other high paced FPS games should like it."
,Recommended,324800,26020640,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Junky284 #CccccomboBreaker,The Wang we Deserve :D
76561198090805678,Recommended,324800,29973352,Posted: 16 February,all,Adadxsg,"Look mom!I could be a bald Ninja slashing and gunning through hoards and hoards of demons!This game.Woah,woah.Really fast paced,extremely satisfying combat.Loads and loads of upgrade path to suit your play style.Killing demons have never been so much fun before!Hats of to you Mr. and Mrs. Developer. ;)"
,Recommended,324800,26021808,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,JovanTheYugo,I held off on Mafia III and bought this game instead. No regrets on that decision.
,Recommended,324800,26372172,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,IT GOES IT GOES IT GOES IT GOES,"Helped me take the taste of NMS out of my mouth, great game. Plus Polygon hates it so you know its good."
,Recommended,324800,31766200,Posted: 15 May,all,Laen,"Excellent, and graphically beautiful game. Sharpest, fast paced action game that isn't hamstrung by it's arpg elements. Story is charming. Hope they make a third."
,Recommended,324800,31013135,Posted: 8 April,all,Cream-of-Plenty,"SUMMARY:  Shadow Warrior 2 is a game that really struck a chord with me--tons of guns, fast and frantic combat, and robust RPG-style mechanics--but it doesn't prevent the game from being flawed in more ways than one.  Worth it on sale for anybody who loves brutally fast FPS games in solo or co-op.If you're unfamiliar with the Shadow Warrior series, just know that the 1997 original was fundamentally identical to Duke Nukem 3D, and the 2013 reboot was an arena-style shooter reminiscent of Serious Sam (but without the grand scale).Now you know why, when people say Shadow Warrior 2 reminds them of Borderlands and Diablo,it's a really weird thing to admit.  And even stranger?  It seems to work.  For the most part, at least.  Let's be honest though:  This is a flawed game.  A beautifully flawed game.For all intents and purposes, the events of the previous game are immaterial to the sequel.  Playing as mercenary Lo Wang, the player assumes a quest to get a voice out of his head (literally). Levels are procedurally generated by assembling blocks of hand-built areas into a single map (think XCOM).  On one hand, this results in unique maps on most occasions; on the other hand, maps manifest as sprawls comprised of areas you will see multiple times in a single playthrough (for instance, I ""found"" the same secret area 3 times in a single playthrough and fought in the same cave 4 or 5 times because the game only has so many ""blocks"" to choose from).  There's a good case to be made for the legacy of classic FPS games (of which 1997's Shadow Warrior is included) being firmly rooted in hand-built levels.In the process, you'll employ a huge variety of weapons (approx. 70) to shoot, burn, poison, and maim a wide range of opponents.  The game really shines when it comes to its arsenal, which includes chainsaws, chainguns, revolvers, demonic organic weapons, bows, swords, submachineguns, gauss rifles, and plasma guns.  Seriously, there are so many guns in this  game, it's staggering.  'Weapons are distinct enough that players can potentially develop preferences based on the personalities of specific weapons, rather than those that simply have the highest DPS.  However, let's be clear on one thing:  This is not the meticulously balanced system you'd expect from a competitive multiplayer game like Counterstrike or Diablo.  Some weapons just generally suck; others are objectively superior.  With so many ways to modify weapons, from the socketed gems that the game liberally throws at you to the forge that lets you further customize and infuse gems and weapons, there are numerous approaches to breaking this game, particularly on lower difficulties.Collect upgrades to enhance aforementioned equipment, take on side quests from various NPCs in the (somewhat mundane) hub outside of each mission, and improve Lo Wang with new abilities and skills.  Rinse and repeat.  Along the way you'll encounter a huge cast of enemies, and while most are gorgeous meatbags to kill and maim, their AI typically involves the same thing:  Mobbing you at melee range.  Over 20 years ago, Doom II employed opponents in a variety of ways, so it's a bit disappointing to see that everything just wants to chase you around and hit you in the face.The RPG-mechanics add an additional layer by randomly bestowing enemies with a quality (i.e. ""Superior"", ""Elite"") and other charactertistics like elemental auras, self-healing, swiftness, damage-type immunities and weaknesses, etc.  This probably would have been a good way to help distinguish enemy-types from each other by making specific characteristics more common in certain enemies, but this doesn't appear to be the case.  As a result, you end up with frosty-looking ""Berserkers"" that have a weakness to ice, hellhounds that are susceptible to fire, and otherwise-ordinary human beings made gargantuan because of their ""elite"" status.  It all feels a little half-baked and leaves opponents even less distinct.I'm generally slower at playing games, but I still believe there's adecentamount of material in Shadow Warrior 2.  It's possible to blast through the game by fixating on only the main quests and skipping out on the side material and trials, yet there's a solid 12-15 hours per-run for completitionists, and plenty of replayability beyond that...especially with the co-op mode that allows up to 4 players to tackle the game.PROS:+ More than 70 weapons that are distinct, varied, and generally satisfying to use.+ Wide variety of enemies with RPG-style qualities (i.e. increased fire resistance, faster moveset, etc.) provides some depth to combat.+ Mechanics encourage fast & frantic maneuvering over slower cover systems by including moves like double-jump, dash, mantling, and midair control.  At a certain point, the game plays faster than even DOOM (2016) and makes navigating large levels a breeze.+ Dismemberment system plays out like the spiritual successor to ""Soldier of Fortune"" or ""Chasm: The Rift"".  Chewing through a crowd with a slow-motion 360-degree sawblade whirl never gets old.+ Well optimized:  I only encountered sub-60 FPS drops when groups of enemies were getting mulched by explosives (and then only briefly).SOMEWHERE IN BETWEEN:~ Procedurally generated maps mean no two levels are everexactlythe same...but it also means that levels don't really have a focused layout or flow.~ It's nice to have a ""Gem & Socket""-style modding system for improving gear, but even after several free DLC and mechanical updates, it's still too granular for its own good, and  would benefit from fewer (but more distinct) upgrades.~ DLC is almost entirely free, but will still leave something to be desired with many players.~ Large number of enemies, but their general ""strategy"" involves simply mobbing you.CONS:-  Semi-incoherent story and stilted dialogue:  Instead of 2013's Hoji (arguably one of the best aspects of the original's plot) you have a boiletplate ""acerbic relationship"" with a woman in your head, and a dull supporting cast.-  Limited number of boss fights, and those thatdoexist are fairly uninspired.  This is something that pales in comparison to the previous Shadow Warriors.-  Balance is questionable at times:  You might roll certain enemies with an incredibly tough combination of buffs on one run, and then a group of considerably weaker enemies on a second attempt."
76561197995764922,Recommended,324800,26036563,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Hansveli,Its like playing a chinese deadpool in a game what i can best describe as a Doom-esque first person shooter with a bit of Borderlands thrown in the mix.Its an incredibly fun game and definitely worth the relatively low price.Though i will say that this is most definitely not made for everyone out there.
,Recommended,324800,26014869,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Mak,Cutting up thugs with their faces so ugly.Stomping on demons who aren't all snuggly.Shooting at nightmares that fly with their wings.These are a few of my favorite things!12 broken cars / 10
76561197970581308,Not Recommended,324800,26152939,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Horus-fr,1.1.2.0 people complained the game was too easy after the 1st playhtrough and that the replayability was impaired by this (not me I like being OP)1.1.3.0 their way of re-balancing the game is : player nerf-loot nerf-slower leveling-mobs have godmodeM A S S I V E nerfs on player skills and skill pointsleveling slowed by at least half (small problem you need levels and skill points to be able to play in hard difficulties)overpowered enemies (100% resistance...yeah no really 100%)god-like mobs drop less loot than beforeI would have heartily recommended the game at 1.1.2.0 but rebalancing is not destroying the game and right now they completely destroyed the replayability.I just finished the game on easy and now that I want to do a new game + in harder difficulties I'll get less xp less loot and zero skill points from quest...why would I continue playing now ? nope
76561197970429767,Recommended,324800,26024749,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,*Gen*HeroCrusher,Time to get your little Wang's out!
76561197995255594,Recommended,324800,31835864,Posted: 19 May,all,Taco McBabyHands,10/10 came here from borderlands and absolutely love it
76561197974004598,Not Recommended,324800,32905486,Posted: 27 June,all,Iskarius,"Its a rather dull co-op looter-shooter.If you played the Shadow Warrior before this one you know how great it was.Well, here we have a great game that in its sequel has been watered down due to it being a co-op game. Its not as fast-paced or fun than the previous game. The levels are not too interesting and the enemies just seem dumb.Look, its alright in co-op, but anything is ""alright"" in co-op if the game has it. Only pick this game up if you are planning on playing it with a friend, don't buy it for the story or for going through the campaign on your own. The previous Shadow Warrior is simply better for that."
,Recommended,324800,26117657,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Luisfius,"Plenty of♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes for everyone!Basically, a better, more mobile borderlands.If it was not for Doom 4, this would probably be the most satisfying shooter of 2016.BUT this is not just a regular shooter, like in borderlands, they added a diablolike  LOOT COLLECTION, but unlike borderlands, it is not quite♥♥♥♥♥♥since what you will be getting for the most part if ""gems""  that you can insert into your weapons to alter their behavior, add elemental affixes, or extra effects (including a very nice one that lets you turn  a weapon into a static turret), so all your weapons have uses and you can customize them to it your playstyle.Much better than the way Borderlands drops a million useless guns, and the enemies all are goddamn bullet sponges.Doom 2016 was focused, this is... Not as  focused but it is still sharp as heck.Also, kill all the bunnies you can see in the game, you will not regret that action."
,Recommended,324800,26044886,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,neonimpulse,"Shadow Warrior 2 (SW2) is the sequel to the 2013 SW reboot made by Flying Wild Hog (FWH) where Lo-Wang returns to save the world from the demon apocalypse once again.SW2 departs from both the original and 2013 games, as it is now an open world, FPS/RPG where Lo-Wang completes various story and side missions, sort of similar to Borderlands. The game has a significant amount of weapons (both melee and ranged) to use, as well as many enemies (demon, robotic and human) that can spawn in more powerful versions (superior and elite).I have beaten the game on the 2nd highest difficulty (took me almost 16 hrs), but haven't played co-op since there is no way to communicate with teammates in a COOP game (no text chat), so trying to play with randoms right now sounds like a nightmare to me. I mostly used the chainsaw for melee combat, grenade launcher, sawn-off shotgun and that one shot reload gauss rifle for ranged, and didn't really use any of the powers except for healing and the rage one (forgot its name)I can say that I really enjoyed this game until it started getting closer to the end, mainly because of some balancing issues. Anyway, I'll detail what I liked, found a bit meh, and disliked about the game.What I liked:I had an absolute blast with how agile Lo-Wang is. Basically you can dash whenever you want without losing any stamina and, because the game has no fall damage and a double jump, you can move your way around the battlefield like an absolute madman. Seriously, this is the most fun movement I've seen in any game.The melee combat seems to have improved, as you can 'steer' the melee weapon around while it's in an enemy. For example, while swinging a chainsaw into an enemy, you can steer it to saw into the enemy for alot longer.Chainsaw DemonstrationIn contrast to Borderlands where you had to keep comparing weapons every two seconds because there is just way too many to choose from, the weapons in SW2 are more unique and didn't really feel like they got weaker as you got further into the game (except for the starting revolver).The music is pretty well done, definitely better than SW 2013. I particularly like the track that plays on the Shadow Hills map.Unlike SW 2013, I don't think this game relies solely on melee/katana combat, as most of the ranged weapons can kill enemies just as well, plus the target health bar system works well to see how well you are doing against a particular enemy.The healing isn't overpowered anymore, since it now drains your 'Chi', which regenerates very slowly at the base level.There is a penalty for dying so it's not like System Shock 1 where you could keep respawning over and over again without any penalty.Killing rabbits in this game may spawn a boss rabbit, which can kill you very quickly.Runs and looks great at ultra on a FX-8350 and GTX 1060 (except for some of the human modelling, oh dear)The UI looks pretty neat.You can see your feet.Things I found were kinda 'meh':The upgrade system is really overwhelming. You pick up various runes as loot and because most of them seem to offer negative side effects (say, such as dual wielding will lower your damage), the inventory gets cluttered up really quickly, and becomes tedious to decide which one to sell, keep or use.The elemental system is fine, except for how the exact same enemy can be resistant to something it took more damage from earlier.Story was ok for me, but the ending was kinda stupid.The skill system is basically slowly incrementing your way to the top (such as +10% max hp, +10% ammo), which is kinda lame until you've fully upgraded a skill.Things I disliked:The biggest problem I had with this game is when it throws many of the superior or elite versions of enemies at once. You are often having to use up alot of your ammo because it can take a long time to kill 1 or 2 of them, and since ammo is somewhat uncommon, you have to resort to a melee weapon, which against the powerful enemies, is more likely to get you killed. It gets worse whenever they resist normal damage, which includes melee combat. This causes the game to get more tedious later on.There is a chi-upgrade you can get which makes it regenerate quickly. Granted it takes a while to get it, but with it you'll always be able to heal without any limit, making it really hard to actually die. IMO this breaks the game.Some of the gunplay is really poor, great example being the revolvers. They have almost no recoil and don't sound or feel powerful at all. Some weapons, like the sawn off shotgun are very fun to use, while others, such as a plasma grenade launcher I found, just don't pack any punch.Overall, I found it enjoyable (more so than SW 2013) and definitely worth the $40 price tag.  I do recommend this but be warned, because the game can get boring/frustrating if you don't have the patience to deal with alot of the bullet spongey enemies as once, or if you aren't into FPS/RPG's"
,Recommended,324800,26024281,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,kill my ass,"Great game! The game runs amazingly for me, but some people are reporting awful framerates. It's likely an issue with the game. Be careful until they patch it"
76561197965332738,Recommended,324800,26024862,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,[TRP] Talic1337,"So good. So much Wang. Runs fantastic even on a 770/i5. Day 1 it works. Take shadow warrior 1, add loot, co op, random level generation, and you have a winning formula. A steal at the $40 mark. GOTY. Only release I was super excited for this year and it has not let me down one bit."
,Recommended,324800,26065055,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,ThirdNostril,"maybe it's my hole ridden memory but I think the previous game was more comedy packed than this one. I like the game though, only using the katanas just like the last time. It's a blast. I'll **** with other weapons but just to test.a thing I kinda don't like, and this might be a difficulty thing, is that the levels are big and spacious but often times there are sections that are empty, so you find yourself just walking through a level to an objective without being attacked. It feels weird and it's not like there's anything else to do in those moments, you're just walking/running to an objective thinking why the **** am I not being attacked by anything. Why isn't there any contextual stuff to draw my eye to. **** I don't know, what about a statue of a three breasted goddess being sodomized by fat reptile and it's a fountain piece with statue anorexic elephants showering it with water. and as you approach it Lo Wang comments on it. I'd love to hear more Wang commentary on deaths, not just at the last fallen enemy of a mob. Specific stuff on body dismemberment depending which limb get cut off first. Commentary on the fortune cookies could be cool too.More interactivity with the levels themselves would be very welcome. ANd just to get back on the comentary/comedy part I really think it's a missed opportunity because I could see how it could become annoying but it could also be done properly if it's zippy enough and goes with the flow. Look at Doom'16 and how the qte's were perfect and quick, I remember something like a dev diary of iD and how the animators finely tuned those so that it wouldn't be one of those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t long qte's that some games are known for. SW2 could have drawn a parallel from that concept and incorporated it into the comedy delivery.The way the story is set up, without giving away spoilers, it has a returning concept from the previous game and I think with that kind of personaility contrast they could have played on that even further.I like the game and would recommend it to my friends. It plays well and it looks great. A solid pc game on all fronts."
,Recommended,324800,26042349,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,SALTYtheSACK,"Doom and Borderlands had a baby, and they called him Wang. And it was awesome."
,Recommended,324800,26047526,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Widget The Midget,"10/10Very dynamic old school FPS. Feels a bit like borderlands, but as I said more dynamic. You can customise everything, a lot of loot. Runs very well, it has low requirements. The more you play, the better it gets. It is also very cheap, get it."
76561198254721507,Recommended,324800,26034076,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,ezoe,"When I saw many reviews both good and bad point out the similarities between this game and Borderlands, I immediately purchased this game to try out.I am huge fan of Borderlands game.I also like this developer's previous game ""Shadow Warrior"", ""Hard Reset"".Also, a part of initial members of this developer were from People Can Fly which created legendary FPS Pain Killer.Probably a good developers who can create a real game since People Can Fly, after aquired by Epic Games, created a complete mess known as Bulletstorm.But enough history, Let's talk about the game. Shadow Warrior 2.The previous game, Shadow Warrior(2013), was a linear FPS game. A ridiculously overpowered melee focused combat with useless toy guns.This game retains the much of combat mechanics from the previous game. But the guns becomes useful.The combat strategy is simple. You randomly mush your buttons until all enemies die.Other game mechanics are indeed Borderlands-like.You accept missions from hub location, then, you teleport to the procedurally generated map to complete the mission objectives(most missions are fetch missions. you collect items scattering around the map)You loot the Weapons and upgrades with variable generated specs, but under normal difficulty and so far, the initial weapons are too powerful to bother with these minor differences.So yeah, It's much like Borderlands.Unlike Borderlands, most missions are generic item fetch misions with not much interesting background stories.(You can say that to Borderlands too, But Borderlands 2 has much better story telling missions)Unlike Borderlands, combat is faster, no point to spend your time on grinding or farming.So this is it.I recommend this game but it's not for everyone's taste.If you like Borderlands(looting, missions) and DOOM(running around with guns blazing), you probably like this game.# EDIT: 2016-10-16So, I beat the game and all side missions I could find.It took me about 10 hours.Combat is fun but it's so simple(just randomly mushing the buttons is the best strategy) it can't sustain my motivation for more the a few hours.All missions are same.""Lo Wang, teleport to randomly generated map to kill randomly generated enemy and teleport back to me so we can proceed to the next mission which is exactly same as current mission""."
76561197963819455,Recommended,324800,26104921,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Jinnai,"Good game.  Just the right balance of difficulty.  Though going hide and seek with the achievement mobs gets tiring at times.  The moves are relatively smooth, the play handles well, the story is decent enough for a brainless FPS hack and slash and it makes a good continuation of the first game (not the 1990's first first game.)  Minor annoyances are the massive amount of worthless loot you pick up and later craft.  99% of it you will never use.  Same really goes for the weapons.  Much more variety there, but I find myself just using melee and sting over and over to get through the hardest difficulties.  Still good for the price and of course, I approve of the company's DRM policy."
,Recommended,324800,28004215,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,LiveWire,"Very fun game with some great fast-paced combat, over the top violence and works well both in single and co-op multiplayer. The story is kinda meh and it ends in a wtf cliffhanger but the combat more than makes up for it."
,Recommended,324800,27111258,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,phoenix_advance,"StoryNumber 4 I know you've heard this before, never get high on your own supply, eh?GameplayNow that was envigorating!GraphicsFahkìn hell!SoundWhat am I listening to?Controls/User InterfaceIt's alright ...Online CoopYour Internet connection couldn't handle the Wang.Arrow Trailerhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uFsi6npD0Ro"
,Recommended,324800,26056851,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Ice,"This is like...So many different game types mixed into one. I don't know how they did it, but it works."
,Recommended,324800,26122742,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Kyubashi,Have a little fun in your life. Have some Wang.
,Recommended,324800,26022348,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Tessai,Awesomely fun game. Taking the basic borderlands mechanics while maintaining and even expanding on the awesome combat SW2013 already had. Guns really pack a punch this time giving the player full control over how they want to play. Tons of customisation and incredible player mobility to top it off. A must have.
,Recommended,324800,26024335,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,<><,Wangtastic!
76561197995117565,Recommended,324800,26041633,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Akraw,This wang is 100% guarenteed to not give you AIDS.
76561198312149684,Recommended,324800,26034102,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,BigEffinZed,"The sleeper hit of 2016.this is what happens when you release a game on PC only, or at least on PC first.well optimized.  actual graphical settings that are for PC.so sick of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ console ports that we PC gamers are getting this year.but the biggest thing that surpise me is graphics.it won't set the benchmark, but it's really good.and I'm running it on GTX1080 and I can't get 60 fps on 4kthis is a proper PC game. and they acutally made it so you can run as good as you hardware can handle.this isn't just a game that acts as a reboot to the 90s game.but it can actually hold its ground to other modern games.much like DOOM this is another excellent revival of a classic gamethe perfect blend of modern and classic mechanicshell, I'll just say it.  this game is better than DOOM.while DOOM is also very good and my personal favorite.it's only the classic DOOM we all love with new 2016 graphics.it doesn't bring anything new to the tablebut shadow warrior 2 is more ambitious in that departmentShadaw warriors 2 have:- weapon variety. you think they're only weapon skins but they have speical effects bond to a specific weaponso it's a new weapon entirely- actually challenging gameplay.  tired of moderns game being so easy even on hardest difficulty settings? play this game ,crank it up to the most difficult setting. aim assist off.  you're in for a challenge.- borderland style loot. this one is a hit or miss. peronally I'm ok with it. only complain is you have to read a lot of stats when you just want to get to the action. if you have short attention span like me. you may hate it . Lol- did I mention this game is well optimized and a must have for PC gamers? when's the last time you played a game that's not a mess on launch day and please the PC gamers?10/10."
76561198030185149,Recommended,324800,26024558,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,SpicyChickenGod,I get to brutally gore people with a giant♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ what's not to love.
,Recommended,324800,26106947,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Spec,"Such an odd game.The core gunplay is really really good. Not perfect, but great.The sound is mostly good, but firearms lack that punch that makes it sound like you can just tear a guy in half with that shotgun.The loot is annoying as hell. Incremental upgrades are annoying and make me stop playing in order to be able to have fun. I really wish they hadn't gone this route, they undermine the solid foundation with poor loot.Difficulty is done poorly, instead of making carefully thought out balances and tweaks, they add hp and damage reductions. That's it. Bullet sponges ahoy. Shame because 'normal' is way too easy for me.This makes me want to play Shadow Warrior 2013 because it looks like this but without the obtrusive stuff I dislike.Dialogue/story is very silly, but it's having fun and doesn't get in the way. I respect that you can skip cutscenes the first time too. I don't, but it's there.Level design is also weak, too many places  to fall off the levels or get stuck in geometry, as well as just poor layouts. Doesn't flow particularly well.Does however look very nice and run well, just turn off Chromatic Abberation.Overall, sure I recommend it, but it's more like a Borderlands clone than a true FPS and that's a damn shame. This could've been truly excellent."
76561198048677592,Recommended,324800,26046365,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Drony4 [Born 2 Kill],The game is absolutely brilliant. I would definitely recommend playing it. The devs improved on every aspect from 2014 sleeper hit.
76561198080008810,Recommended,324800,26019635,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,I Hate Brady,"I loved the first Shadow Warrior, and this game is everything the first game was and more. The humor is perfect, the combat is amazing, the weapon system is awesome and it looks great. I could not recomend this game enough if you are a fan of gory first person shooters and immature humor"
,Recommended,324800,26027497,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,chief,doom 2016 + wang = good game
,Recommended,324800,33018373,Posted: 29 June,all,Chubby Corgi,"Mr. Wang, the main character, is amazing. He is funny sarcastic and a weirdo! I told my boyfriend he reminds me of him... don't know how much he appreciates that comment."
,Recommended,324800,26019692,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Jimmybeaver,"First impressions, (3.6hours) (using ; GTX950 & recomended specs)Pro's - runs smooth as, music is good, story is good balance of humor and drama, combat fun and smooth. Fast teleporting system, a great mix of swords and other weapons and more.Cons - the single player feels like most area's were made for co-op (a pro for multi player) and alot of missions seem very similar, go to gate, oh now find key, now go back to gate, sort of thing.I like the heart of this game it doesn't take it self to seriously, ""to wang or not to wang that is the question"".27 hours later ... The multi player seems pointless, with no type or voice chat, people may pop in a game show off there weapons and thats about it. They are updating game with patches, see what happens, final verdict at this stage 5.5 out of 10. Recomend holding off on the wang till it comes right down (In price) Thanks dev's for making a game that at least runs smooth from day1 of release, keep up the gameplay patches."
,Recommended,324800,26058456,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,RawDogMe,The way of the Wang is long and hard.
,Recommended,324800,26019781,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Moon,Raging death metal bunny is back. 10/10 best game ever.
,Recommended,324800,26019952,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,U Just Activated My Alu-card,"THIS GAME IS♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME!!!!!!Seriously, this game is really amazing. 2 min in to the starting cutscene and im already laughing my♥♥♥♥♥off. This game does have some differences from the first, but they are good changes (the new controls take a bit to get used to). Humor is spot on and reminds me of the firsts while still being unique. There is also more gore in this compared to the first, you can keep slahing bodies to your hearts content. I highly recommend this game.10 Wangs/10 Evisorated Demons"
76561197992244401,Recommended,324800,26053620,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Slashimus,"This game definitely proves that FWH didn't just set out to make a typical copy cat sequel. They successfully turned Shadow Warrior 2 into a hybrid FPS/melee/RPG. In fact, this is the first game that truly melds Diablo with Doom and throws in a dash of Serious Sam and a just a hint of RPG ala ShadowRun. Oh and you can double jump and air dash too!!!The same great humor as the first game is dialed up with a wider cast of characters and again a decent-seeming storyline (have not finished it yet). The only complaints I currently have are the long loading times and the fact that I need a good way to remember what weapon to pull out for what specific elemental effect I have slotted into it.Definitely a thumbs-up for this one."
,Recommended,324800,26447008,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Queenie,"Shadow Warrior 2 makes some major changes from the origonal while still keeping the fun base shooting and sword...ing mechanics intact The biggest change is the game is much more loot focused a'la borderlands, but i find the actual gun and swordplay found in SW2 ten times more fun and satisfying than that found in the Borderlands games. There are now more than 10 times the guns than in the origonal and all can be inmbude with gems that drop from enamies that increase damage, attack speed, reload time, imbue them with elemental effects, and even alternate fire modes. almost all gems can be slotted in and out of any weapon at will and this this allows for an unparalled level of customization. Graphicly the game is good but nothing to write home about, charecter models and speically faces are pretty lacking but the enorinments and abundance of partical effects are a sight to behold and the multiple high quality animations make combat look as fun as it feels. Movement has also been greatly improved and you can zip arround the battlefeild at breakneck speed leading to some really fast and fun firefights. The game runs great too on a GTX 1070 i can max out everything and get 60fps pretty consitently but the options menue is very fleshed out for people with lower end machines, There's also some cool new Tech called Multi-Res Shading that can give you a real bost in performance with very little visual impact so i hope that's implimented in more games coming up. The story like the first game is nothing to really write home about but you'll probably want to watch the cutscenes because of the great one liners and back/forth Lo Wang has with the other charecters. if i had one complaint it's that a lot of the envoirments are re-used multiple times, and while the game does 'randomize"" levels to adegree they still look pretty similar to one another, and many of them are so large it's often hard to find the optional bosses that frop weapons and high end loot. Overall Shadow Warrior 2 might be a bit too much of a departure for some fans, but if you're willing to accept something new it's still as much fun as the previous."
,Recommended,324800,26020482,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Nova,Diablo and Doom just had a baby and his name is Lo Wang.
76561198312464121,Recommended,324800,26020479,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,DemonSlayerTX,"Shadow Warrior 2If you like DOOM, try this game!If you like Borderlands, try this game!If you liked the first Shadow Warrior and/or the original game back in the days, then absolutely try this, as it just enhances everything compared to the own antecessors.Havin' a great time so far with the game and the nice variety of weapons to slash and shoot demons.One of the best releases of 2016! Also very polished and optimised for pc, no launch problems, no crashes, 60+ fps, lots of graphical options to choose from, et cetera."
,Recommended,324800,26097197,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Salazar,"Wow! Talk about mindless fun. If you want to knock off some steam there is no game out there more satisfying! I recommend this game just for the final boss fight song, as soon as the song came on I smiled! Worth it for that alone!Pros: Game play is fantastic, all the weapons are fun to use. It's a challenge  (played on insane my first play through)Cons: the gosh dang loading screens (not am an sad so it's more my fault :))10/10"
76561198091913889,Recommended,324800,26021217,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,ToastyMicFunBuns,i have bin playing this for a good solid 6 hours and let me say this game is just wow! :D i love every bit of this game the controls are nice and fluent  (i think thats spelled right ...o-o forgive me) they put a spin of RPG on leveling up your weapons finding artifacts to make em stronger and such o3o of course lo wang is always funny as hell i really injoy playing this game so i really highly reccomend it :)!!! 10 Wangs outa 10 ;D
76561198064475058,Recommended,324800,26054496,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,quebstion_mark,"It plays and feels like DOOM 4's movement style.The gameplay is basically DOOM + Borderlands. Not as many guns as other looter shooters out there, but each one can be customized with any kind of upgrade. (And theres alot of those.)Graphics are absolutely gorgeous, and it runs well.Story is good. Not much more you could ask for.Voice acting on some people (lookin at you, Hideo) are pretty bad, but the humor and the setting make up for it entirely.Yep, get this. It should've been a $60 game."
,Recommended,324800,26019789,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Ulris Ventis,"Wow, that's a lot better than the previous game, even though all the gameplay videos couldn't show it. Gore, gibs, loot, really fun weapons to play with and a nice addition of upgrades for them makes it satisfying.Locations are huge and exploration pays off and the speed is a lot faster than what is considered normal in modern games, since.. It's not a console game.Don't forget to kill all the bunnies you find of course."
,Recommended,324800,26019798,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,KnΛckers,Never thought a sequal could be better than the original but blow me and call me Wang this game is incredible!!
,Recommended,324800,35461152,Posted: 3 October,all,GhostEnder98,"Lo Wang is by far the best main protagonist ever in video games (in my opionion), his humor is by far the best out of any characters in any video games that I have played, the Gameplay is fast and smooth,all the characters in the game are awesome (in their own way) and the voice acting is also great, if you are looking for a fast pace FPS/ Slasher game, I would really recommend this game, and also the first Shadow Worrior game is also really awesome and is also a great pickup, 20/20 (Both games included)"
,Recommended,324800,26019645,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,TurboDoggo,"This is pretty much the easiest review I'll ever write.Poland just did it again. This is a perfect game. The price of 33€ for a brand new game that runs smooth as f_ck while having sweet graphics and brings full multiplayer/coop support with tons of content.The perfect example how a PC game should look like. I bought it without even reading something about it because i played the 2013 version and the classics. The RPG mechanics and gameplay fit like a glove to what the 2013 version has done right.Support the developers. This is one rare well polished gem between all the rusty scrap people call ""games""."
,Recommended,324800,26020597,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,๖ۣۜDrK x ๖ۣۜﮎHUR1K3N>,This is one of the best games ive played in a long time!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,324800,26024415,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Alt Muller,This is what a proper PC release in the year 2016 should look like.
76561198005674070,Recommended,324800,26021234,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Kay,Diablo + Duke Nukem = great game!
,Recommended,324800,33744071,Posted: 23 July,all,Teekus,Bought this in the Steam sale a while ago and finally got round to playing it. Was not diasppointed. It offers good old fashioned over the top action with a large selection of weapons which work nicely to slice up your enemies in satisfyingly gory ways. Just don't take the story seriously as it's mostly guff and ignore the not funny (well one or two were funny)♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes and you will enjoy this title.Graphically it is fantastic and runs well even on older systems but make sure you enable V-sync otherwise your PC will sound like a vaccum hoover and make a great fan heater. Nice in winter to keep your tootsies warm from the graphics card exhaust but not so good for summer :) It made my PC so hot the glue on the RAM heatsinks melted and they fell off.Pros:Good selection of over the top weapons both melee and ranged.Great graphics.Knob /♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes (if you find that sort of thing funny).Interesting environments.Varied enemies.Lots of skill cards to upgrade / character customisationGood stress relief.Saves money on heating bills.Cons:Can become repetitiveEnemies do not need any particular skill to defeat.Stresses your system seemingly more than it needs to leading to a lot of heat generated from your box.Knob /♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes (fi you don't find that sort of thing funny)Cheesy and boring story.The ending...Overall a good laugh and a blast to play through on occasion. Recommended especially if you have played the first game which is the better of the two.
,Recommended,324800,26099496,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,ZoliDrz,"Shadow Warrior 2One of the best games of 2016. I've preordered this to play in co-op with my friends, and although my doubts in pre-odering games, I'm not disappointed at all, which is quite rare these days.The game's scenery are absolutely gorgeous. I've run it with a GTX1060 with an AMD FX8350 CPU, the game runs on smooth 60 FPS, I had some fps drops when huge wave of enemies came in, but it wasn't game breaking at all, and I believe it is mostly the fault of the new Windows 10 update... Although there are some minor bugs in the game, a few patches won't hurt, but it is far from unplayable.The game is a perfect mixture of old school fps, with RPG elements, you can customize your playstile perfectly with talents, armors, gems, etc. There are also a wide variety of swords, guns, rocket launchers, and you can put elements in your weapon as well. Recommended for Borderlands and Shadow Warrior fans, and to anyone who loves great FPS games with RPG elements and for people who loves the music of Stan Bush. :)In my opinion the game is 9/10. I recommend it absolutely. :)"
,Recommended,324800,26125900,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Elifriend,"""Two wangs are better than one."" - Lo Wang"
76561198044717385,Recommended,324800,29816831,Posted: 9 February,all,Everybody,there's a few dirty jokes but they're pretty subtle
,Recommended,324800,26377497,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Krolmar,"Intensive full speed gorefest with lots of weapons, just buy it and give them some Wang."
,Recommended,324800,26206732,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Jelly Croissant,"""Wangs out for Harambe""Excellent xDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD"
,Not Recommended,324800,26156054,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Gamma Ray,"The 1.1.3.0 patch ruined the game for me. It sucked all the value out of the game that I was on track to receive. I was already part way through a New Game + where I enjoyed continuing to level up through completing missions, and the new patch essentially removes that part of the game.I wasn't going to write this negative review so soon, but I just found out that they nerfed a powerful, earned near the end of the game, wicked fun to use, sword that you got as a reward for beating one of the most difficult bosses in the game. I loved this sword. It was so fun to wreck everything with it, and now it's not the same.I feel like the rug was pulled out from under me. I was looking forward to enjoying the game for weeks to come. Now I don't even want to play it anymore because there's nothing left for me to enjoy.As it stands, I still technically recommend the game for one playthrough, but get it during a sale. It was worth full price before the changes, but now I say wait for a deep discount."
,Recommended,324800,32886869,Posted: 27 June,all,Kaliou 👹,I Love this game. And remember play it with big :whowantssome:
76561198195113883,Not Recommended,324800,26156061,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,horsemaskcat,"Overall great game except a few things. Occasional crashes forces you to restart the level with or without saving your progress. In one of the missions there is a GODDAMN TRAP ROOM, I found it in the side mission Heisenberg part 3, you walk up some stairs and suddenly you are standing on solid floor that was invisible before, trapped by walls and the underside of another set of stairs. What can you do? Restart the whole level, enjoy re-killing all those grunts and hopefully you remembered where that trap was.The upgrade system was frustrating, random gems giving you %2 increase of this and that, in random combinations of buffs and debuffs, enjoy stopping after every battle to study your loot like a damn dictionary. Even worse, there's no way to sort these upgrades based on function, want to find that particular +2% life drain gem? Good luck looking through your inventory of 50 other random crap.Oh and the difficulty suddenly went up MANY notches at a certain point. Oh, you think you got a hand of things? This is the part you die, many times, in confusion of what you did wrong. Hey, maybe you should look into these randomized upgrades and come up with a new setup to make you not die and loose all your money and experiance(known as karma in this game).I was willing to over look these minor issues until they updated the game on the 20th or the 21st of October 2016. First they nerfed some of the high-end skills, rendering its effectiveness to less than half of what it used to be. So you play longer and harder with the intent to earn the holy grail, and suddenly its value dropped to hell. It's almost bait and switch, gave you something only to take it away.Not only that, the update basically said ""by the way some people used glitches to grind levels so we reset everyone's skill tree and maybe took away some skill points"" Well ain't that just great, I didn't use any glitches nor did I keep track of every single skill points spent, for all I know I lost a bunch of progress because of ""other players"".Unfortunately I was unable to get a refund because I played for more than 2 hours before the game goes ""no fun allowed"". I don't know, maybe make things right the first time or don't punish the players for your errors?"
,Not Recommended,324800,32461749,Posted: 15 June,all,BAWB.BAGET,"Another game that didn't need a loot system. Too many items, and too much time spent on the menu micro-managing what upgrades to use.Then in the next mission, you realize you just spent all that time for nothing because you found even better upgrades. The trend just repeats with each mission, so on and so forth. It becomes a ♥♥♥♥ing chore to have to remove upgrades so you have better ones.When you break it down, it essentially forces you to use different elemental types/different weapons to attack enemies that are vulnerable to certain elemental types. So if an enemy says ""Electric vulnerable"", you're forced to switch to an electric elemental weapon in the heat of battle, which just gets extremely annoying...especially when you don't have the elemental type yet.Then the game just throws constant waves of monsters at you. You can easily ignore them and proceed with whatever the objective is. No amount of monster waves can mask the bland ""go from point A to point B"" approach that each mission gives to a high degree.The game gives you co-op characters, but none of them really have voices, nor does your first person view change when you're playing a character in someone elses game. You're always Lo Wang, but to your co-op partner, you look like another generic character with no sense of personality. They're absolutely mute. It's like they just threw in the option for co-op, and the option to adjust the difficulty for 2, 3, or 4 players and called it a day. For reference, at least Halo 5 made use of it's 8 Spartans and gave them a unique look and voice to each character, which made co-op a blast.After a while, it just seems pointless and tacky, especially compared to Shadow Warrior 1, which played much better with a deliberate pacing to its linear levels vs. the ""open world hub"" design behind Shadow Warrior 2 with its poor attempt at adding a Borderlands-style loot system."
76561198146078115,Recommended,324800,33929012,Posted: 31 July,all,Lack.,Shadow Warrior 3 pls
,Recommended,324800,27335648,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,(On Ritalin)Cyco,Who wants some WANG?
76561197971861210,Not Recommended,324800,30105988,Posted: 22 February,all,Nudelsuppe,"Bad game design decisions. The gameplay itself is fun and the weapons are fun, but the damage sponge enemies and elemental system that forces you to swap weapons on every monster....it gets tiresome really fast. The loot system is a bad joke, you get flooded by useless mods and have to micromanage all that trash in hope to find smth with slightly better stats than your old ones....also, the game pushes melee combat very hard, since shoot weapons have limited ammo that depletes very fast on high HP enemies...Better luck next time, I hope SW3 will go back to the roots."
76561198012371445,Not Recommended,324800,26190048,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Trushdale,"Shadow warrior 2 is an absolute amazing game. The combat feels realy great and fluid, you just slice and dice your way through the enemies, get loot, get good.The Story has somewhat of the original humor, also adds new stuff here and there. The end is most likely the worst part.So why do I not recommend this game ?After the Patch on the 21/22 of Oct there were new stuff added and some stuff changed. For example a heavily overpowered weapon was made 66% less overpowered but still staying as one of the best in slot kinds. The thing leaving a very bad taste in my mouth is the invention of immunities to damage types.Immunities to me are a somewhat lazy way to increase the difficult of the game but offer little to no complexity added. I've reached the point prepatch where i could outright ignore physical resistant mobs and just use any physicaltype weapon to my pleasure through stacking crit% critdmg% and dm% values overall on my gear.I realy enjoyed the moment reaching that level. Just beeing able to nobrain through the level / map / missions / campaing all over again. Times were great.Now dont get me wrong. Usually thinking while playing games is involved but I realy miss games where you just dont need to focus on the fact that in a group of X enemies you have atleast 1 guy immune to 3 diffrent damage types which regenrates health, atleast half of the group is immune to a combination of 1 - 2 diffrent damage types, 90% of the group is immune to any chi power, and they are pretty much able to exhaust a decent lifepool in no time.I mean yeah, i could totally use ranged weapons in that situation. Just let me reqeuip all of my usefull gems to re-slot them into my go to guns. re-allocated my armor upgrades / amulett. And enagage the group of bullet sponges.Damn the guy with immunity to fire has moved infront of the guy with ice immunity, better switch my weapon. Ah crap I ran out of ammo for that paticular weapon as they sponged realy heavy on my bullets. Lets just vanish and reallocated to another weapon.Dang where did my upgrades go again, gotta search for the name...Ah man i found it. Whoops an enemy is attacking me. Good thing i have a rather large healthpool, Dang it oneshotted me. How unfortunate. Better go down in difficulty. Hmm playing hard instead of T3, Too easy, still Immune enemies show up from time to time.Well lets fight on insane instead. Yeah with constantly swapping between elemental and physical weapons i am able to do that. Lets go up to Insane T2. Hmm yeah common enemies are immune to stuff. Let's just grind Insane for exp then. Takes forever. You can't gain exp past a certain level on a certain difficulty unless you go upwards in difficulty. Also no exp-bar you gotta lookup the values yourself in your savefile... watTL;DR;I realy enjoyed the heck out of SW2 prepatch 21/22 of oct.Afterwards it's just like any other game with lazy difficulty / oneshot mechanics once you reach a certain point. Better save your money and play the unpatched gog version."
,Recommended,324800,26126486,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,HoLee Sheet,"After 15 hours and doing all the sidequests, I gotta say I had alot of fun. The loot shooter aspect was alright but I would have taken a more straight foward approach like Doom did. Great shooting, feels real good, just hope they go back to the basics in the next one."
,Recommended,324800,26057900,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,★☆ Destarian ☆★,"Great game!I had great time with ancient Shadow Warrior, with the new Shadow Warrior and Shadow Warrior 2 didn't dissapointed me at all!The game gets better and better! I'm curious how it will be with the next part of Shadow Warrior!I give it 666/10 ! 100% worth the price if you like to become Lo Wang again and kill hundreds!"
,Recommended,324800,26020451,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,JakeArtistIV,"GOOD GAME!!!!!Tons of glitches though, my friend fell through the floor twice and we both had to restart our games to fix it. screenshots belowhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=780294571http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=780308862Other than that Awesome stuff! pick it up if you got some friends to play with (it's good solo too)8/10"
76561198212582812,Recommended,324800,26040316,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Animus,"The game is gorgeous. runs like a dream. Gameplay is fast and vertical with tons of gore n guns. Loot everywhere, upgrades in everything. Love the game so far, wang is an asian deadpool lol"
,Recommended,324800,26122406,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Yokash.,The never ending♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes.
,Recommended,324800,26048259,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Mad1723,Worth your money and time :D
,Recommended,324800,28073867,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Motoro Zeppeli,"Who wants some wang?It's the second installment of Lo Wang's gloriousness. What you'll expect from this one is the same as from the previous one, but with so much more to offer. Now you can upgrade not only your weapons, but also damage they produce and which kind ranging from poison, electric, ice and fire. So SW2 took the RPG elements from the first game and made them insanely full of wangness. The enemies also have weaknesses to the weapons, but are also bullet proof from previously mentioned elemental powers, which makes defeating some enemies quite the challenge.So if you liked the first game, this is definitely a game for you. What are you waiting for? Just buy one to yourself and another to a friend or few.. and enjoy some Wangtastic Co-op action!"
,Recommended,324800,27311407,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,EraserZero,"Let me just start by saying that if you have any interest in this game, get it now!This game to me is like if Duke Nukem became a ninja but still found a way to be even more of a badass. The games satire is comical and presented approprietly and not over the top and the characters fit into the world that you are presented. It has so far exceeded my expectations in both gameplay and graphics which is the recipe for a great game.It is visually stunning, and for the amount objects and effects it has, it runs near 50+ FPS 99% of the time with medium - high settings and all the options enabled even on my mid-range rig i3/GTX 760, and yet still is total eye candy. I am blown away at how good the game looks and performs for the amount detail it has compared to so many other games out there currently. The developers knew their stuff when they coded this game!When I am not too entralled with staring at the world around me I have a kick♥♥♥♥♥time with the mix of blade and gun combat. Everything meshes together perfectly along with special moves and the upgrading and the skills system while also letting you free roam to find items on your own which adds a very pleasurable experience to the gamplay and enhances it that much more all while the awesome soundtrack kicks in letting you know its time to rock.This is a instant hit for me and look forward to putting many hours into this game!"
76561197993694207,Recommended,324800,26081756,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Datek,"A supurb game, great fun, lighthearted humor, excellent co-op.  A nice change from all the buggy dumbed down console ports most developers are publishing these days for $60+ DLC.  Fortune cookies included!"
,Recommended,324800,26770449,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lion El'Jonson,Who want some Wang?
,Recommended,324800,28263828,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Silent.Anguish,Amazing game with amazing combat. Dialogue can be hit or miss for people. Sometimes it's cringy sometimes it's actually funny. Will depend on your sense of humor. Regardless this game is all about the combat and builds you can make and that is great. Most fun I've had in a while and definitely one of the better looter shooters. Personally like this better than borderlands despite more weapon variety in borderlands. Combat is just much more visceral here and that makes grinding enemies much more enjoyable if you're always trying to get drops. Looking forward to more updates and DLC
76561198129008092,Recommended,324800,26050018,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Prinny,"*Find a fortune cookie*""wang out for harambe""the memes are strong with this game10/10"
,Recommended,324800,26033953,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Bearichello,"Absolutely incredible game, really lives up to the previous shadow warrior, but improves on so many aspects. The amount of depth and different paths you can choose is overwhelming. This solidifies an outstanding opportunity to add longevity to the game. Overall a fantastic game so far, no complaints."
,Recommended,324800,26020348,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,RidgeBack ~T-45a Jump Jets,"Bloody awesome. A strong candidate for this years GOTY easily. If you get Shadow Warrior 2 my advice; play on one of the two higher difficulties, that way you move away from the weaker loot faster.Runs great on my old♥♥♥♥♥system.A crazy high damage low survivablity combat, with fast distance-covering dashing and jumping.Fantastic weapon handling, very impactful gunplay and shredding to a cathatic degree. Flying Wild Hog do ace shotguns.Every character is a total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, some more lovable than others. With even the straight man, Smith, throwing in the odd jabs.I like what Flying Wild Hog has done with the world design, a breaking world slowly being terraformed into a demonic landscape on floating islands, aswell as a cyberpunk-esque city scape, reminiscent of a slightly more futuristic Hard Reset (I see those cleaning bots and cement mixers *tap nose*).The fear of bullet sponge enemies was unwarranted. Still managing to shred hordes with my unmodded Shotgun and pistol 4 missions in at the same rate on Want some Wang difficulty. Added in some mods part way through mission 4 with a small difference to ammo conservation. Charged shoot, electric Shotgun sounded fun!Two small nitpicks:-Alot of invisible walls, which I wasn't expecting considering the badass jumping and air-dashing, on top of hiding secrets in the missions.-Melee weapons seem to be a focus, yet the Eximus type enemies that have elemental damage inflict continous damage when you get close. Modded a sword with damage resist and health back on kill doesn't make much of a difference.SW2 is quite the melting pot of ideas. People are gravitating to the idea it's a Looter Shooter, Borderlands being the most commonly cited comparsion. Which makes me scratch my head, as it compares better to Warframe, expect you have access to equiping weapons and mods during a mission... and being first person (obviously).-Hub Based - Players return to a 'home' instance, accept missions from other characters and travel to their mission instanced locations.-Weapons aren't disposable - You're not selling and equiping weapons the same way as an ARPG. Weapons are clearly defined bases, with specific functionality and statistics. You're not dropping a shotgun for the same visual but differently stat'ed shotgun with higher damage calculated based on item level and rarity.-Weapon/Armour modding - SW2 more closely goes for mod cards which are looted and applied to the weapons, armour and spirit/spells of your choice. Altering existing stats as well as adding or deminishing new effects, such as charged shoot, dual weilding, rapid fire. These gems are what get the calculator treatment, based on item level and rarity."
,Recommended,324800,26020311,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,SandOfABeach,"FPS DIablo, wang it up"
,Recommended,324800,28264834,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Dirk Beefhammer,"I understand why some people don't like Shadow Warrior 2. Both SW1 and SW2 are completly different types of FPS, but both are worth your time.SW2 differs from SW1 by being a shoot n' looter like Borderlands, but not boring. My biggest gripe with SW1 was how underpowered the guns were and having to use the sword 90% of the time. SW2 still makes swordplay fun, but the rework of the gunplay and the use of elemental powers to use against certain enemies make gunplay more refined. SW2 has larger and less linear level design as well as the introduction to double jumping making gameplay faster and more chaotic.The developers took a big risk by changing the FPS genre from the previous title, and thats what turned off some people. There is a tiny bit of grinding, but that is expected.Get this game on sale and play it with some co-op with friends, it's worth your time. 8/10"
,Recommended,324800,26049394,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,copperfeesh,"The original reboot was awesome, this is more of the same with a Borderlands feel.  What's not to like?"
,Recommended,324800,26032557,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Mic2070,"Fun fun fun fun FUN. Slick, fluid, fast gameplay reminescent of doom (original) or demonsteele, interesting customization, silly but great dialogues, high difficulty that doesn't feel too bullet spongy.Some notes on the gameplay:- Unlike in the 2013 game, weapon switching is almost instantaneous.- The quick melee button has been very cleverly replaced with weapon switch to melee.To clarify, when you change to a melee weapon in combat you do a slash while unsheathing. It looks great and plays even better.- Dashing is infinite, but many enemies can keep up with you in terms of speed and you'll be forced to dodge in particular directions.- Enemies will follow you even through rough terrain. Some can get stuck sometimes though.- There is a skill that allows all your weapons to be reloaded every 5 seconds. Finally a FPS where I don't have to reload stuff. Just switch out and it's magically reloaded like I'm doomguy.Particularly of note, one shining gameplay mechanic is that your weapons usually force staggers/knockdowns on enemies if they pack enough of a punch, and this compensates very well for the additional health the enemies have in higher difficulties.Without this mechanic, you end up with some atrocity like doom4 in which any difficulty beyond games journalist will give you peashooters instead of real weapons.It's a bit short on content variety and the story is weak, but it's still great fun.The game is an absolute blast and probably one of the best fps of all time. Highly recommanded."
,Recommended,324800,26401442,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Lluxent,"This game provides a large degree of freedom in customization and it contains alot of in-game content, lasting several hours per playthrough. The meta-humor provided by the characters is something noteworthy that adds to the value of the game.Wish the game could be longer.9/10, would buy Shadow Warrior 3."
76561198056333244,Recommended,324800,26200201,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Ricky,"It´s a good game for now but i really see potential with this game if the developers keep on developing an endgame of sorts, because after the first playthrough there isn´t much to do. If after the first time beating the Boss, you would get a kind of map based system where they get progressively harder, it would be very nice and would boost the replayability of this game."
,Recommended,324800,26020460,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Woomy OWO,"This entire game is just fun. I've played a lot of Serious Sam as a kid and this is exactly what it reminds me of, just with better humor.This game really blew away my expectationsWELL ♥♥♥♥ING DONE M8"
,Recommended,324800,26064622,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Legal Beagle,"Flying Wild Hog was not all talk when talking about this game before release. This game has a great linear story but it allows the player to do basically whatever they want.maps are opengreat weapon varietyenemy varietyLot of options for skills and upgrades[*♥♥♥♥♥♥jokesthis game is one of the funnest I have ever played easily worth full price, if there's a sale you should totally get it."
,Recommended,324800,32934135,Posted: 28 June,all,Stödödöf,Top Spiel
76561198048449485,Recommended,324800,26041652,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Needlessly Antagonistic,"Oh god, its wonderful and I want to keep killing everything"
,Recommended,324800,27353088,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Predalienator,"A worthy sequel.+ Fun, challenging and rewarding on highest difficulty+ Weapons are unique and feel amazing+ Great use of licensed music+ Movement is fast paced+ High replayability value+ Enemies are visually unique and behave differently- Randomized levels are hit and miss- Not much unique levels compared to the first game- Some enemies have too much knockback on the player, extremely frustrating on Insane diffuculty"
,Recommended,324800,26939485,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,𝓚𝒆𝒆𝔃𝒆,"Looking for a co-op game? Try this game out. Many, many different levels of difficulties to choose from."
76561198023080210,Recommended,324800,26045702,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Shebbe,Didn't play SW1 but this game is amazing in co-op.Lots of humorFluid combatCool visuals goofy styleDefinitely recommendable for it's price
76561197971050697,Recommended,324800,27195180,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,HellfireNell,"Lots of fun and actually makes you feel powerfull and awesome , best Wang ever ;-)"
76561197996909604,Recommended,324800,26166776,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,FemShep,"- Review written at the state of the game on the 23rd of October 2016. -Fun, lots of fun, but a little easy and unpolished, and gets repetitive.Not a lot of replay value.If you'd like a game thats a bit of a throwback to the old Duke Nukem/Doom style 90's shoot-em-ups, this game has a lot of oldschool play feel (I can't remember the last time I pushed up to #8 to change weapons?!)= The Good =- Fast fun, energetic action play- Quippy funny dialogue (if you have a 13 year old male sense of humour like me, otherwise you'll hate it)- Interesting levels that each have a different feel to them (until you find you've played the same one 3 times with a slightly different objective)- Cool weapons, and the ability to slot upgrades into them (until you realise they didn't really put that much effort into the upgrade system and its fairly randomised)- Decent melee combat (whole game with melee challenge anyone?)- Interesting story and characters= The Bad =- After the first two hours of play you'll start to realise that the game is actually fairly repetitive in its playstyle.- The minimap makes the game TOO EASY.  It could have been interesting if I had to find my way through levels but you just follow the little 'auto direction' thingy in the map and you get to your objective.  So you don't really explore the level at all, and a lot of work was put into the design if you look at them.- Even if you had to search for loot- the loot system doesn't really reward exploration anyway.  Loot drops in level seem completely randomised   If they had specific hidden upgrades you had to search for that gave unique rewards, exploring the level would be much more interesting.- Your shift key will be mashed to bits.  The 'dash' aspect makes the game way too easy.  You can kite enemies forever, until you run out of space to run into, which is never.  Get hurt, press shift a few times and run away, heal up off chi, return and fight.  Repeat.  I heard there used to be a limit to how often you could use it like an endurance bar, what happened to that?- Although the melee system is fun, having 3 special attacks in a way is a bit limiting.  Some sort of fancy WASD combos with slashes could have made it a bit more interesting.  Parrying is somewhat worthless.- Enemies have no weak points, you just shoot/slash at them till they die, doesn't matter if you hit them head foot or whatever, doesn't matter, there's no damage different.  Same for bosses.Summary -- After 15 hours, I finished the game on the second most hardest difficulty.  I think i died about 5 times, but you become way too strong for the enemies toward the end of the game.  It really becomes more about how much fun you can have killing them.- No intention to play further, there's no point.  I don't think I'll gain anything by doing it in the hardest mode.  There's nothing more to do in it, I did multiplayer for a bit with my friends, but it's the same thing, just more enemies.Can only recommend if you want to pay the price for about 15 hours worth of play.  Overall, it's fun.  But I don't care about the money to afford it that much, however, you might not want to shell out for it."
,Recommended,324800,26057387,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Champagne_Papi,"This has to be the most craziest and most funniest adventure I've ever been into. There are some bugs need to be fixed, but other than that this game is fantastic! Once I got into the game I couldnt stop myself from completing the game. Not a big gamer myself, and yet this game makes me want to play more and more everyday even though I've finished it. The moral of this review is just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥get the game. You will LOVE IT! No kidding!"
,Recommended,324800,32965386,Posted: 28 June,all,Gazorpazorpfield,"Shadow Warrior 2 is a great game, especially when you can get it around the $20 mark. One of the things that really attracted me to it was the co-op gameplay, which I would say is solid. Replay value is certainly strong because face it, who doesn't like to blast their way through tons of enemies with a host of fun and unique weapons. I played a co-op campaign on the easiest difficulty and a single-player campaign on the second-hardest. The harder difficulties definitely offer a good challenge, which only serves to make you better at the excellent movement controls. The story is hard to follow, but who cares - the dialogue itself is funny and there's lots of bullets flying around anyway, plotline be damned.The biggest gripe I have about the game is the loot system. Enemies drop TONS of upgrades/gems for your character and weapons, to the point where it honestly becomes a chore to manage it all. The crafting mechanic to improve your dropped upgrades is a nice addition, but I still found myself dreading my next adventure into my inventory to manage all the things I picked up since the last mission ended. This was even on the harder difficulty, where item drops are supposedly reduced.Over 9/10 game, and CERTAINLY worth the money. Had more fun playing this than I did some AAA titles that cost me $50."
76561198034532786,Recommended,324800,26108380,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Cold Tachanka,"EDIT: After patch 1.1.3.0 the game has become more difficult especially on insane difficulty. I personally think this is a good thing.Shadow warrior 2 released and it was one of my most anticipated games of this year, and I can honestly say that I'm not dissapointed. So I decided to do my very first review on this game.Shadow warrior 2 is a very good game but it does have its flaws.*Pros:*- Really fast and satisfying gameplay- Well put together enviroments- Good enemy variety- Great graphics, though some of the npc's you talk to look pretty bad- Nice amount of weapons (72 weapons I believe), and good variety between these weapons too- Really funny and entertaining protagonist- Decent story for a fps game- Well optimized- Good replay value, eventhough most of the replay value is because of the combat- Cheaper than most bigger releases*Cons:*- Boss fights are pretty forgettable, except for the last one because that one has an amazing soundtrack- The UI is overall decent but the gem UI is a mess (mostly because of the overabundance of gems)*Other mentions:*- The CO-OP is a very nice edition to this game, but as it is right now it does need fixing as it is pretty unstable- The game does have replay value, but something like mod tools or just a horde mode would definitely improve the replay value even more.- The game is pretty easy, even on the higher difficulties. But this may differ for other people so that is why it is not a con nor a pro- The loot system is a nice addition I personally think (I love diablo and borderlands, so that is expected), but it does hurt the pasing of the game a bit. It might have been better if the weapons you loot had fixed stats and that you could've upgraded them souls style (like Lil Wang +1, +2, etc.)Overall this is an excellent game and I wholeheartedly recommend to buy this game, it does have its flaws as stated but it is still a nice package especially for the price.Any constructive criticism and or feedback for my review are welcome."
76561197970739339,Recommended,324800,26173693,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Captain Chaos,"Shadow Warrior 2 is a refreshingly silly and cartoonishly violent homage to the FPSs of the 90s. It's a strange tale of when worlds collide, of a wisecracking mercenary, a gifted scientist having an out-of-body experience, demons, ninjas and a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes.It's also a mechanically and techinically satisfying experience with minimal bugs, combining the flowing sword-and-gunplay of the first game with a well-integrated RPG system of loot and skills, sidequests and procedural level generation, as well as the welcome addition of coop, and a number of free post-release content updates. In particular, it has some of the smoothest movement of any modern shooter, with double jumping, air dashing and ledge-grabbing allowing you to quickly and skillfully traverse the levels with such ease as to make the Sonic games look like cheap rom hacks.It addresses many shortcomings of the first game while addying a dizzying array of new weapons, more then ten times that of the original, the majority of which are very fun to use. Chainswords, miniguns, rocket launchers and all manner of chi-powered, hell-forged goodness. A serious contender for my game of 2016."
,Recommended,324800,26079158,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,HalfBakedBandit,W A N G
,Recommended,324800,26139471,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Shadow,"https://youtu.be/n-Sqggtc3BYhttps://youtu.be/I1SZj1ifRTYhttps://youtu.be/QRjLKzsmBcEhttps://youtu.be/F1d1SbjB0IUI hadn't really been following the development of SW2. I enjoyed the original and the remake and thus knew I was going to pick this up. I didn't expect the game to change so drastically. Overall, you can't go wrong bringing in another Borderlands style game with this attitude.The best way I can describe the game is take Borderlands, tone down the loot a bit and give it a Lo Wang makeover.It's a beautiful game and I like the audio choices, even if they cause copyright issues on my videos.... (grumble, grumble)Mechanically it plays very much like the first remake. You just have a lot more options in the way of tools to dismember your foes.I have had some issues with not seeing some voice overs while out on missions and then the quest turn in dialog doesn't make sense. Hopefully that's one of the things being addressed in the upcomming patch."
76561198262598268,Recommended,324800,26022325,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,shubhub17,"Never played Shadow Warrior before. This game is awesome. Just played for 2 hrs and it is hilarious, raw action. If you enjoy Doom, you will love this.Melee is amazing and still decent guns for gun lovers.Skills and Weapons upgrade also available."
,Recommended,324800,26049902,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Jesus Rice,"How to make Shadow Warrior 2Ingredients:-Shadow warrior 1Instructions:- Take your shadow warrior 1-Extract all of its decent plots and character arcs.-Sprinkle with vastly improved maps-Greater, vaster variety of weapons-Multiply enemy variation by 100-Add co-op-Remain solid in singleplayer-Leave in oven for 3 years-Leave to cool for 1hourCONGRATULATIONSYou just baked yourself shadow warrior 2"
,Recommended,324800,26057566,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Clarified Filth,Fantastic improvemtn to SW1. And a hell of a great co op shooter. Melee is also a sweet option. Come for the combat. Stay for the Chainsaws.
76561198079628609,Recommended,324800,26537212,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,NeoDukeNukem88,"It's great,,It's very very Duke Nukem like fast game-play with melee weapons skills and loot drops, I'm satisfied, I'm a fan of classic shadow warrior and Duke.The graphics are beautiful, the fluctuation of warmer color temperatures to colder really did a great job, and even in the cooler color temperature areas it felt more of a classic shooter, I enjoyed what I played, but I've found it kinda linear in some areas which really isn't a problem at times in Sw 1 mid game I'd get lost a lot with no clue, I feel if it's a show warrior 3 to be made, you guys would have to mix it up a bit more, 8/10 score from me great combat, great ballistics of weapons, I like having to lead my enemies fron distance, it's the game for me, very satisfying melee kills and the systems built in to give your melee your own style of using it is also golden, so Buy the game, you'll be fine.And hey, Create a deathmatch for us, see how it goes.one complaint though on first playthrough, i perked up the ammo skills n such, but still find myself relying heavily on melee weps at points, now I don't mind the melee combat, I just want to mainly gun through most of the game I feel like I'm forced to use it sometimes, I feel it's a lack of medium ammo, and sometimes most guns I'm holding even with all the skills towards getting ammo I'm still coming up short."
76561197983062092,Recommended,324800,28022304,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,T3chn1c4L,If you liked Shadow Warrior this is a must! Non Stop Action Nominee!
76561197972885495,Recommended,324800,26038433,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Stealthysteveo,I can run around with a toxic chainsaw katana blade and slice demons in half. 10/10.
76561198022136416,Recommended,324800,26105202,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,XenoAlbedo,"Exceptionally fun gameplay? ✓Actually well done procedural generation? ✓Fun melee system? ✓Fun weapons? ✓Fast-paced, entertaining combat? ✓Lots of weapons? ✓Good graphics? ✓Well optimized? ✓One of the best games of the year? ✓"
76561198005670194,Recommended,324800,26041788,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Plasmotroid,Good game.
76561198034019268,Recommended,324800,28514535,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Amoux,"These are dev we need to support them for the amount of content they are giving out is great in todays times of micro transactions and other BS lottery chance games with loot drops, like these AAA games that have been coming out recently having you pay 100 bucks for a full game ffsThe game is great and fast paced and even better with friends. Thanks for making a great game."
,Recommended,324800,26017895,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Hesgad,"Hmm found 2 weifus 5♥♥♥♥♥♥shaped ""rods/swords"" and loads of gore within the first 2 hours.Combined with the downright cheesy humor this might be one of the best games to come out this year....the best 90 styled FPS since Shadow Warrior  for sure :P♥♥♥♥♥♥Wang"
,Recommended,324800,32843205,Posted: 26 June,all,Malfayt,Although I had doubts about this game it showed itself to be a pretty nice game with good and smooth gameplay mechanics. I definetly recommend it if you are gonna play it with your friends.
76561198016663830,Recommended,324800,26087522,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,ZombieArm101,"Shadow warrior 2 have kept the fundamentals but made an entirely different game. It throws everything at the wall and hopes there’s enough $%@# to make most of it stick.lol love the frame rate, smooth as butter."
,Recommended,324800,26023473,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Suicidal_UndeadHamster32,"This game is fan-♥♥♥♥ing-tastic, alright, let me start off by saying that. The combat is so much better than it was in the 2013 release of the reboot, every aspect of this game is either improved, or new when compared to the original, the sword combat is AMAZING, everything about this game is fantastic! But of course, there are some issues, some textures on the human NPC's seem... Off, and messed up, but that's not too bad. I know some people have been complaining about crashes, but I haven't had a single problem with the game, minus a glitch where I fell through the ground at one point, which I easily resolved by killing myself and respawning. Don't listen to those poeple critcizing the game for being too much like DOOM 2016, because if you ask me, that's a damn great thing! This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing! The weapons in this game are enjoyable and diverse in their own ways, and you can also add gems to weapons, increasing a certain stat, whether that's an elemental damage type, or if it's fire rate, critical chance, or hell, even explosive rounds, charged shot, piercing rounds and much, much more! Seriously, I don't want to spoil every amazing thing about this game, but it is in-♥♥♥♥ing-credible! Please do yourself a favor and add this game to your steam collection, go support Flying Wild Hog and Devolver Digital, these guys ♥♥♥♥ing nailed it! My final score for this game is a 8.5-9/10! This is hands down, one of THE best games of the year!"
76561198225168592,Recommended,324800,26035412,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Cl4PM8,"I was collecting fortune cookies, when one of them I opened read 'Wangs out for Harambe'.In all seriousness, if you like cheesy jokes, or live for the cringe experience of a lifetime while killing people in the fanciest way possible, this game is for you to both cringe at out of embarassment and enjoy immensely.100/10 Will spin my Wang for Lo Wang...no homo"
76561198156855460,Recommended,324800,32802676,Posted: 25 June,all,Maxisverygood不気味です,its aight
76561198036052858,Recommended,324800,26084152,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Alec Trick,"First my System:Intel I5-3750K with 3.40GHz16GB RAMAMD R9 380 with 4GBI played the game on Ultra Settings, i had 65-70 FPS, even when there was rain, lightning or grass and trees that swung with the wind. But when i entered a level, the FPS dropped down to 30 FPS, but after a few seconds, normal FPS of 70, when i encountered enemies in masses the FPS was at constant 50 FPS, no problem. But sometimes the FPS dropped down to 20 FPS, in the middle of the fight, out of the blue! Even when there was only one small enemy left. Might be a Hardware Issue, but the Problem was even on lower settings.Then,there is the gameplay. The gameplay was supposed to be a mix of a First Person Shooter and a First Person Hack'n Slay, but the Guns were so underpowered, one will find himself playing most of the times with the many swords you get. Even for smaller enemies you need entire clips to put one down.But, there are of course positive aspects, like for instance, the music. It is nicely made and always fits the occasion. When you are in walking around, nothing happening the music plays in the background and is calm, when enemies attack, it changes to a louder agressiver tone to show that you're in a fight. When you're fighting especially large hordes of enemies including a Mini-boss the music swells up, gets more menacing till you defeat them and the music reached it's climax and then ebbs away until it's reaching the normal sound again.The grafic is nice, it is of course no B*ttlef*eld or and C*ll of D*ty, but it is still very beautiful to watch and play. The wind chimes in the grass, the rain which pours down from time to time or the bright neon lights of the big technocratic City,it all makes the game come to life.Also the're is the Story of the game. You meet characters, who are not just there to push the story on. You will find throughout the game books and scrolls that tells their background story, or other storys, how the Nobitsura Kage (the sword from the first game) was made for example. Of course, the fortune cookies are back, but this time only for entertainment(?) because they apparently don't give you any health back, unlike in the previous game.The Weapons. You get a decent amount of Swords, Chainsaws, Pistols, Submachine guns, Assault Rifles, Miniguns, Rocket Lauchers and others. Even when the guns are quite underpowered, it still is fun every now and the to dash guns blazing against an large group of enemies.The upgrading system for your powers and your weapons are an nice feature, too. You can attach up to three upgrades to your weapons, which makes them deal out elemental damage, or you can upgrade Smgs and pistols to Dual-wield, what makes them in exchange slightly less accurate and also the reloading time increases. You can upgrade your Health and your Chi to an higher amount and even self-regenerating. You can decrease the freezetime for your supernatural abilitys as well as increasing the amount of time you can use them.Overall, i can recommend this game to everyone who liked the first one, is into the old 90's Shooters or anyone who is into Sword and Chainsaw fighting action, it really feels like one of those 90's First Person Shooter packed in all new grafics."
,Recommended,324800,26062787,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,-SK-,So I installed this game at around 11PM and started playing.Now it's 6 AM and the sun is rising.
76561198128431870,Recommended,324800,26063157,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,JellyBoy,A very entertaining game to put it in simple.Main Pros for me:-combat system is spot on-love the jokes-alot of weapon varity.-Great art work on weapons.Con:-the ending could have been much better
,Recommended,324800,26512799,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Pharen,"No TLDR. This is a review not a Lo Wang one liner.Definitely the most fun shooter I've played this year.The combat is fast paced, fluid, and the game runs well. The story is quite long and will last you over 15 hours at any of the higher difficulty levels. If you play the lowest difficulty you're selling yourself short, the game is simply too easy once you get used to the gameplay (like a lot of reviewers who made the 12 hour claim did, even though 12 hours is pretty damn long for an FPS campaign today anyway). Some of Lo Wangs one liners are gold, some are a bit cringeworthy.I've also seen a lot of criticism on the game, a lot of which is not deserved:For starters people whining about the loot system: SW2 has a lot more weapons than the first game, which is a good thing. They tied the weapons to rarity, so a lot of weapons are better than others in the same class, some people didn't like this, but honestly I'm fine with this decision because all the weapons in game have a unique model, it's not like borderlands (which people often compare it to) where weapons are made up of parts, there's no copying and pasting here. It would be nice for some more weapons in each tier, but at 70+ unique weapons it's kind of hard to ask for more, especially when most FPS these days have 20 or less.The game runs worse than it did at launch: This is true, unfortunately a vocal minority of customers with obscure hardware were getting errors with the game. The devs then re-wrote some code to prevent there systems from crashing or corrupting save files, this unfortunately was at the expense of general game performance for the rest of us. Can't blame them though, it was last minute changes and you can't expect the dev team to be able to test every single piece of hardware on the planet. If anything they should be praised for going the extra mile for the minority.Some people are actually complaining that game plays differently from the original: The original was pretty bad for gameplay IMHO, and it put me off enough not to finish it, SW2 fixes a lot of things I had issues with, such as: Forcing you to use a specific weapon or ability on a certain enemy or object removing player choice. SW2 may be more basic in terms of gameplay as to not force you to play in a certain way, but it more than makes up for it with the amount of new options for different play styles.Some people are complaining about the upgrade system: For one, you don't have to use it, I finished the game with unmodded weapons. I personally like some sort of constant progression in my games.And then there's the people complaining about the procedural generation elements: First of all, they are not random, all the generation was made by hand by developers and thus has the same amount of love as the rest of the levels it's just random as to what parts you will have in your map at any one time you load into a mission, which makes the game a little less stale. I have never had any procedural generation go wrong.The ending: Yeah, it was a bit of a disappointing ending, I don't like those kinds of cliffhangers, this and the performance loss are the only two criticisms I can agree with.Honestly I find most of the criticisms of the game more childish than some of Lo Wangs one liners.This game is great in single player, but even better in multiplayer with the difficulty cranked up. I definitely recommend it. Likely the best FPS to launch this year."
76561198007944731,Recommended,324800,26035228,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,(╯°□°）╯FO SHIZZLE,"""intimidation is a tool of the fearful heart""""better than a tool of a tearful fart"" - wang10/10"
,Recommended,324800,26081285,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,The Jawbone,"I was torn about picking up this game. Here's what I've found.+ Wide selection of customization options+ Performance is mostly good on a GTX 970+ Gore system+ RPG features, etc+ Combat is solid, and exciting- Occasional crashes/freezes- Bugs involving loading levels properly- Performance is multiplayer is poor, especiall,y with lots of enemies on screen- Multiplayer scaling is determined when you start hosting, not when players join, this means hosting a public game online, even while solo it will be scaled for 2-4 players- RepetitiveOverall, not bad, though I'd recommend it on sale."
,Recommended,324800,33001719,Posted: 29 June,all,Master Masturbator,This game is FUNtastic!
,Recommended,324800,26023602,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Lenny,This game taught me the way of the wang.It's hard.Long.And ribbed for her pleasure.
,Recommended,324800,26119295,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,pow pow,"love it. after playing part one, i enjoy part two a lot.+ pretty fluid and fast movement/gameplay+ awesome graphics+ great overall performance+ the improved loot system+ those new fine looking weapons+ the in-game photo mode+ those pretty sassy douchy dialogues+ the possibility of revisiting locations+ rage mode <3+ the skill 'tree'+ the bunny king and the music he provides- this new diamond upgrade system for weapons and ""armour"" ( this is something i really, really dislike in part two. it was easy to upgrade in part one. got enough cash, got the upgrade. and dafuq you get so many cash in part two, they should've stayed with it. )- the shop system: it is so annoying to sell all the stuff one by one. would be easier to have a 'get rid of all the sh*t' option.- the excessive overswamp of diamonds- the lack of diversity in the leveldesign, there is not much of variety but a lot of revisiting so the levels are getting a little boring the longer you play- the often poor looking npcs ._.didn't played it in co-op yet.but what should i say... i love wang. and i hope for another part. :D"
,Recommended,324800,26110329,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Supernoodle,I enjoyed this way more than the first!
,Recommended,324800,26049670,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Benb998,"Fantastic hack/slash/shooter hybrid that will keep you drenched in blood and gore.Similar to games such as Serious Sam, Hard Reset and Painkiller in combat; while the whole looting system is very Diablo-like or even Borderlands-like.Love this game and plan on playing it through to the end."
76561198054395863,Recommended,324800,26049874,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Matthias,Definitely worth 40 dollars. Better than most recent 60 dollar games!
,Recommended,324800,27745171,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,şerefsiz torbacı gay semih,"Overall thoughts:Shadow Warrior 2 is a really amazing game, both as a singleplayer and a co-op experience. The areas missions are set in might seem repetitive but that is eliminated with the great variety of enemies and the difficulty. I've finished the game on Insane Difficulty with a friend and yeah, it was a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥(the good kind).Pros:+ Great visuals+ Good optimization: This combines with the beautiful graphics of the game. I've played at ultra for 10 hours at stable 60 FPS then the frame rate started dropping to like 45 on insanely crowded areas which was still acceptable. That was eliminated after I lowered it to high. (GTX 970)+ Extremely fun gameplay: With the large variety of weapons, skills, upgrades, abilities etc., you will get so much fun.+ Suitable price (much better if you get it on sales)+ Lo Wang and his often decent jokes+ Kickass soundtrackCons:- The story was meh. I wasn't particularly interested at any point but Wang's jokes and the great soundtrack made it a bit more tolerable. Nonetheless, this is not a game one should play for the plot.- Might get repetitive after a certain point. Missions revolve around the same places eventually. But still, the gameplay covers that up.I'd strongly recommend buying this game. I don't think you must play the first one before playing this bc I haven't and I didn't have any issues."
,Recommended,324800,26044448,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Royce,Who wants some Lo Wang?
,Recommended,324800,26025908,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,KritiKAl,My best Pre-order so far!More weapons? CheckMore blood? CheckCoop? CheckMore trash talking and inappropriate humor? CheckA chick quarreling with you in your head? CheckThis is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome! WHO WANT SOME WANG?
,Recommended,324800,26062948,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Agents Game Power,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HQF2LRmAIjA&t=25sEdit: Replaced review with video.
76561198209895819,Recommended,324800,26703300,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,biohazardgang,"The gameplay is highly addictive. It runs smoothly on my PC (i7-67000, Windows 10, Nvidia GTX 1060 6GB, 16GB RAM, regular hard drive) on Ultra settings. X360 controller works great.I haven't tried multiplayer but single player is already worth the pre-order price, plus Razorback chainsaw katana looks cool and very fun to use."
,Recommended,324800,26019432,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,liquidfil,"If you enjoyed playing the first SW then you are simply going to love this one ! from the crude jokes to the amazing and precise gore system this game is fantastic for anyone looking for action packed loot and gore fest.pro's:+Extremely well optimized+Graphics are brilliant+Gameplay is amazing+Randomly generated levels to keep up replayability and keep it different every time+Sound is awesome+Weapons are ridiculously awesome and varied+Skill points to distribute to different skills+Skills have to be found, dropped by enemies etc+ SUPPORTS RAZER CHROMA KEYBOARD LIGHTING EFFECTS :D ( The 'F'  keys are like a health bar and the 'NUM' keys become a CHI bar and more as well)Cons:-The quest seem repetitive (no biggy for me though)-The story isnt as good as the first one IMOWhat are you waiting for ! GO GET SLASHING !!"
,Recommended,324800,26018536,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Lamb,"Finally. A release that doesn't suck complete Wang.After 2 hours of gameplay, I can safely say that if you're looking for some ninja-involved chopping of demons with an impressive variety of weapons, this is worth the money. Also has drop-in drop-out co-op throughout the entire campaign, so that's a bonus."
,Recommended,324800,26053990,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Tacticalboy | TGC,"love that gore, slicing monsters in to pieces... much blood, much wow. :3"
76561198245085812,Recommended,324800,26056268,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Zekrosma,-If you like borderlands-if you like doom-if yoou like slashing lots of♥♥♥♥♥♥THEN YOU WILL LOVE THIS GAME!
76561198067192420,Recommended,324800,26020012,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Old Gerg,dis good
,Recommended,324800,26053585,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Twiz,"Saved game got corrupted. Not even mad just means I get to experience more wang. Issue promptly patched the very next day. Good  devs, good game, lots of wang puns."
,Recommended,324800,26019815,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,DroneX1,"Excellent meat grinder, helps to relax after a hard day at work, just sit down and chop demons heads, with classic Wang jokesAnd What's brown and sticky.... ?"
,Recommended,324800,26019458,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,K.o.K,FANTASTICBOMBASTICFUNNYRABBITS BANGING EACH OTHER COMES FREE IN-GAMEBEST PHOTOMODE EVERi know i used caps but this game IS WORTH IT
,Recommended,324800,26055862,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,cissogarcia13,"Compra logo!! Vai que acaba o estoque!!!!! hahahahahUm sucesso isso aqui!!! Ta louco, bom demais!!!"
76561198055916168,Recommended,324800,26019916,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Wisern,Who wants some Wang?
,Recommended,324800,26171004,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Fixx,"I do thoroughly enjoy the game but since the most recent patch where they ""rebalanced"" the game I am less impressed.  They nerfed the auto reload skill which I absolutely adored, particularly since I feel like this type of game shouldn't even have reloads.  It used to auto-reload after 5 secopnds, they cranked that to 4x that to be 20s.  First that just sucks but second it still costs 10 points to go to max despite the max being significantly worse than what it was.  Basically its the same price for a LOT less pay.  Not exactly happy.  They also nerfed the chi regen skill.  I guess its fair but I prefered it when it was good."
,Recommended,324800,26407331,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,k!dman,"I really like Hard Reset and Shadow Warrior, so I bought this one immediately. Game's alright, but the loot system is really poorly designed, especially the menu. I've 100% the game in around 11 hours (in game time says 9hrs), which is not a whole lot. It's a good 6.5-7.0/10 game."
,Recommended,324800,26060448,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Tepe,"You will enjoy this game a lot if you enjoyed Borderlands 2. This Game is worth the money unlike the most  AAA Titles released in 2016 so far.Lo Wangs ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Humor + The Borderlands Mechanics (looting, lvling, gear optimization) are making this Game motivating to play, probably over and over again.In Singleplayer this Games is very well optimized. 4 Player Coop needs some more Patches, its sometimes dropping FPS when u go in a group of mobs. I`m sure they will fix that.Since Borderlands 2 i didn`t enjoy a Coop Game like this one here."
76561198160225334,Recommended,324800,31895815,Posted: 21 May,all,Я| Son of Amos,"In the 4 hours I've played of this game, I can honestly tell you it is a GREAT follow up to the original. Definetly worth picking up on sale. Unlike the first Shadow Warrior, this one includes an open world environment and TONS of side quests. Absolutly recommend 10/10 would rate again."
,Recommended,324800,26021409,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Bonsai,Solid FPS with almost everything being upgradeable + 4 player coop = why aren't more people on my friends list buying this already?
,Recommended,324800,26038738,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Gigantomachy01,This is the Borderlands 3 Gearbox never really come up with.
,Recommended,324800,26056408,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Augment,Beat the game in around 16 hours. Decent replay value and hands down the most fun I have had in a game in a very very long time.
,Recommended,324800,26021435,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Valletta Meme Master,I give it a 10 on the wang-o-meter.
76561198020898916,Recommended,324800,26038493,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Hadeda King,"More fun than should be allowed, and that's just fine"
,Recommended,324800,26172317,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,lunch masta,"This game exceeded my expectations. I honestly feel bad for paying $34 for a game that took me 33 hours to beat, and that's doing all side quests and no free roaming.Everything about this game is an improvement from the first. More weapons, better weapons, badass looking weapons, tons of blades, demonic weaponry, futuristic weaponry, and even some old timers. Lots of elemental upgrades as well that can affect certain enemies. The array of enemies is vast, so many different types and even 'Superior' and 'Elite' enemies as well as mini bosses. This game is basically SW1 + Diablo 2, or perhaps Borderlands would be a better comparison.The atmosphere and soundtrack are better than the last, the randomly generated maps really worked out and the visuals are beautiful as ♥♥♥♥, and the devs even put in a screenshot mode so you can enjoy the scenery. The story was great, I liked the characters and it was really cool to see where characters from the final game ended up, as well as meeting some new faces.This along with the Doom remake have my GOTY award. Hell, they get game of the century from me. This is what FPS should be like. I can't wait to see DLC or an expansion for this game, of which I will gladly shell out my hard earned money for. Holy ♥♥♥♥, this is my dream game. I'm so glad this is what Shadow Warrior became, although I wish they would of kept the old Lo Wang.Buy this game. Now."
,Recommended,324800,26065838,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Muta,"A pleasant way to shoot things until they die, for money, sometimes with your friends.A++/10"
,Recommended,324800,35439409,Posted: 3 October,all,Hyperchaotic,"Seriously upgraded sequel. SW2 is a pure hack-slash-shoot-loot masterpiece. All great aspects of the first games are improved and multiplied. Gameplay is so fast and dynamic, everything goes ape♥♥♥♥♥♥ Wow! Playing Lo Wang feels like real merc now. He has a lot of side missions and tons of weapons. Some people may say that game has Borderlands game style, but it's great, lol. It was nice desicion. I really surprised of mixed settings of the game (cyberpunk, sci-fi, mythology, old cultures). Highly recommended.It has co-op, but I don't have anybody to play with."
,Recommended,324800,35088847,Posted: 20 September,all,Daxalax,"Never wrote a review of this, but since I was reminiscing about it after almost a year after it's release...here we go;To keep a long story short. I had high expectations for this since I loved the first Shadow Warrior done by Wild Hog. Gameplay wise, Shadow Warrior 2 exceeded my expectations! There are a ton of weapons and they are all really satisfying to shoot or handle, swordplay is once again an absolute treat. You can upgrade them to make them stronger or add perks like ice or fire damage. There's a really long list of enemies, though I still wish there was a little more enemy variety further into the game. It's sort of borderlands-ish, which i honestly didn't think I'd like. (I facking hate Borderlands) Game looks great too, very impressive visuals.Storywise Shadow Warrior was never too high up, but it held it's own and kept the game going. It was good enough to keep you invested as the game itself grew a bit stale of repetition. The first game had a really surprising twist that actually had me a bit emotional, which I didn't see coming at all. The second game totally let me down in that regard, it ends rather abruptly without any proper closure...I was staring at my screen for a few minutes in disbelief. I was hoping for some kind of DLC, by chance, but that never happened.I'm getting MGSV flashbacks again...mixed feelings...Wouldn't put anyone off from getting it, but I'm not playing this again."
,Not Recommended,324800,29713711,Posted: 5 February,all,Skypris,"I am going to be the odd one out here by not recommending this game, despite my playtime.Pros:+Satisfying melee combat+Potty humor+Gore+World design+GraphicsCons:-Loot-Open world-Progression systemIt is to my surprise that after putting too many hours into this game, I finally decided I do not like it. What I loved about Borderlands, I feel brought down the experience in Shadow Warrior 2. Examples:-Loot: Borderlands has a loot system. Diablo has a loot system. A lot of games have loot systems. A lot of games loot is meaningful. The loot in SW2 is not. You find gems upon gems upon gems that you can spend more time crafting together and socketing onto your weapons than actually playing through the campaign. You are constantly being bombarded by beams of light glistening off of dead bodies. Health, mana, money, gems, gems, gems. Back into the menu, remove, craft, socket again ad again and again. While the gems do help in scenarios, it never feels like it has any meaningful impact to the game, like for them to be removed wouldn't matter. The weapons you can get are only bought from a store, unlocked via story progression, or dropped from very specific miniboss enemies, meaning evry other enemy drops only health, mana, money, and gems. Stupid, pointless gems.-Open world/levels: You can have a wonderfully crafted level to go through. You can have a wonderfully crafted world to explore. You can have uniquely crafted open levels to experience. Or, you can have SW2s 3-4 levels repeated over and over and over and over again with buildings in a different order and enemies in a different order. Now you can guess the tedium that creeps reeeeaaaalll fast.If the story was worth suffereing through it all, which it isn't, I could possibly recommend this game, but because of the level design, or lack thereof, and the way the loot is handled, both of which are at the core of this game, beating the game just seems pointless, let alone multiple playthroughs.Yes, the melee combat is pretty good, but get a lot of enemies around you and suddenly melee isn't really viable because to swing in close is to get hurt. To parry and dash is to not have time to slash your enemies before another enemy tries attacking you. The soldier and drone type enemies are especially unpleasant to face. When it came to the more human+gun type enemies, I found myself just spam-dashing past them so I could finish the game and not have to deal with them. It just became a chore to play the game.To this games credit, the gore tech is pretty nice. It is an improved version of what you get in Metal Gear Rising Revengeance where anywhere you cut is cut. Want to chop a sliver off an elbow? You can do that.Do yourself a favor. If you want first person hack n' slash combat, go play Dying Light. You want fun gun toting combat? Borderlands is your game. You want a meaningful loot based system? Go play Borderlands, Dying Light, or several other games at your disposal. Want a world, or levels that are actually fun to explore? There are literally hundreds available. Go play Revengeance if you want cool ""I cut you up how I want"" tech. This game is a rare instance where it is not worth having all of the components in one not as well done package vs having the components done better, seperately, in seperate games."
,Recommended,324800,27149044,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dreejavu,"Basically Shadow Warrior 1, but without the (minor) flaws. Incredibly satisfying oldschool action. Also one of the (maybe the) best-optimized games on PC this year. It's less repetitive thanks to randomly generated levels (although you'll know every puzzle piece of the levels by heart after having played through the game), there's so many fun and original weapons and so much loot to find. I would have liked more fights against really huge bosses, but it's fine like this. There's a huge variety of enemies and you'll have to swap weapons depending on the physical or elemental resistances of your opponents, so gameplay never gets stale. Loved every second of this Wang."
,Recommended,324800,26027043,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Feenie™,You've got wang
,Recommended,324800,26053705,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,milton,<>
76561197971153607,Recommended,324800,26075408,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,hellvin,"""Wangs out for Harambe""-Shadow Warrior 2"
,Recommended,324800,26024271,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,kesadisan,Yea
,Recommended,324800,27274792,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Artyom Havok,It is not 1997's level of perfection. It is not exactly the same level as 2013's reboot. It is not ...not as much of clusterfck-of-weapontossing as borderlands or diablo it replaces that awful system with a more annoying gem slot system on tooo many  mostly underpowered forgettable weapons and minor stats i personally find that worse. Sadly there isnt much too enjoy in this and when you add even the best of friends it becomes a forgetable bullet sponge blur of hurry up and be over.It isnt not fun... but it is not that fun.IT RUNS AMAZING ON PC -for a game lunched post-2015 thats worthy of a thumbs up to me :/
,Recommended,324800,30562250,Posted: 16 March,all,ScissorMercer,"AWESOME. The graphic is just too good compare to the previous game, the added RPG element is working pretty good, more stylish fighting and more ridiculous monsters, really like it, still Wang is being an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in a fuuny way, 8/10 if I would rate it"
,Recommended,324800,28194646,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,FunkyFinzy,"Probably the best old school FPS I've played in a long time. The mixed RPG elements work well for the most part, adding a lot of variety while still staying true to the original (e.g not becoming a grind fest). Very large selection of satisfying weapons that's entirely customizable to your liking with different element/ammo/fire mode/whatever mods. Toxic shotguns, fire chainsaws, freezing dual blades etc all possible, pick whatever you like. There's also lots more unique chi powers compared to the first game, and new movement abilities, letting you kite enemies a lot easier (kinda reminds me of Painkiller for some reason as I was always bunnyhopping there, now I just fly around :P).The levels are absolutely huge and fun to explore, and sometimes look pretty gorgeous as well. Open-ended approach to missions is cool too so you can do everything in your own order. The game ran okay on high-medium settings with my specs (960M GTX, i5 6300HQ).Downsides? It starts off really cheap, the first mission didn't really sell me the game at all, but thankfully it opens up from there pretty quick. Compared to the first game, the plot is probably a lot weaker as well, or at least I felt that way at the start, and secrets aren't as present as in the first one. The upgrade system is a bit too overwhelming as well and should be toned down, you get too many powerups all the time and it's a lot to manage (not a biggie for me though).Once the game opens up properly a few missions later though, it gets really fun. I'd really like to see SS4 made in a similar style as it feels very innovative."
,Recommended,324800,26020832,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Level1noob,Wangtastic !
,Recommended,324800,26182425,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,AnzA,"High speed demon smashing mayhem, with a really good feel on the gun/swordplay.Co-op included !As a downside,  It's fairly short and lacking in map variety.Obnoxious Elemental upgrades and inventory management unavoidable.Wait for sale on this.Full Review"
76561198112179348,Recommended,324800,34251452,Posted: 15 August,all,♤Puggy♤,absolutley wangtastic 10/10
,Recommended,324800,26016362,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Dr. Jester - wubba lubba dub dub,"If you got Wang, you will want even more Wang. Because this game, so far, is full of Wang!This is a Wang Classic and Wang approved! Wang also says he would be a good ballerina.Everything on max on my 7 year old pc with a Geforce 770 2Gb. Runs buttery smooth, just like Wang's♥♥♥♥♥I like how much attention to detail they paid in the game. You can read the labels, and they say hilarious stuff, from time to time. The rain also bounces off on people and demons, and if you shoot or blow a fire hydrant, the water will cause the ground to get wet. It is those small things that make this game even greater. The easter eggs are hilarious and awesome as well.Yes, I have more Wang jokes!"
,Recommended,324800,26026977,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Hagu,"If you like Borderlands, Diablo, Serious Sam, Doom, you'll love Shadow Warrior 2."
,Recommended,324800,26017500,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Party Breaker,Great game!! I recommend it!!
76561198094310491,Recommended,324800,26033842,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Jannik Rundholdt,"Has robots, demons, ninjas and♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes 10/10 game of the year."
,Not Recommended,324800,26108370,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Ice,"THIS IS A CO-OP REVIEW ONLYI played on the hardest difficulty on 2 player difficulty.First the cons:I've only played the co-op but some of the design choices are relevant in the SP too.The elites and the boss fights are extremely lackluster. The superior/elite random stats (Diablo 3 style) are just poor and feel meaningless, and for some reason physical resistance is broken.The asset reuse is just absurd. The game has mini-bosses and so far they've used the same mechanics and animations just with a different skin.  There's just not enough variety with mini-bosses/elites and mobs.The co-op is just pathetically terrible.  It feels like it was an afterthought... Only the host can interact with the objectives, there is no way to trade gems or give money to another player and it seems like the other players in the game aside the host are just spectators with weapons.The gem system is just a big mess.The mobs randomly decide to cluster up and suddenly you have 40 mobs attacking you out of nowhere (even if we engage one pack, it seems to aggro/spawn the entire damn map!).I'm not playing SW2 for the story, but I have skipped every cut scene because the story is just mind numblingly boring.The pros:The melee gameplay is just superb, in all honesty this is one of the things that kept me playing the game because I haven't had this much playing a melee in a long♥♥♥♥♥time.The development team are actually active in the forums and there are constant patches which is a big thumbs up! (Dark Souls 3 devs should learn from them)In summary, if you're looking to play this for the co-op, then don't buy this game until they fix this mess."
,Recommended,324800,26198790,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Aleth,"Difficulty setting : Hard modeTime played : 20 hours (on Steam, because of Photo mode), 15/16hours ingame. 100% Completion (altough I missed some Elite mobs)Shadow Warrior 2 is refreshing while still going for an oldschool gameplay. This is a fast FPS mixed with Diablo. A Borderlands on drugs, without the boring side. You have plenty of quests to keep you entertained, and the game has a huge replayability since you can use your finished save to go on NG+ and even change the difficulty setting.Actually, you have : Easy, Normal, Hard, Insane, Insane 2 to 4.Since the game can also be played in coop, you also can adjust the difficulty with the amount of players you'll have in your game.Example :Insane 4 =/= Insane 4 +4 players difficulty.Also, be sure to have taste for this kind of game because since it's like Diablo, Elite monsters can be a little too bullet spongey if you're playing a very high difficulty and you don't have enough DPS on your weapons.Speaking of weapons, I've found 50+ weapons in the game (there are 70+ weapons) and they all have their unique skin and personality, especially when you're doing your backward special attack with a melee weapon. the effect won't be the same between a Katana, circle blades or claws, for example.Graphically it's very good, like really beautiful and you have a good set of options to tweak if you want the smoothest experience ever. The game is somewhat good optimized although it could be better. I noticed a lot of framedrops because of elite corpses on the ground, although the game was running fine when said elite was ALIVE and moving.In conclusion, the game was really fun to play, and I'll go for my NG+ Insane run, waiting for the coop to be fixed (the host has a saved progression while coop guys don't, i don't know why, but you can lose your loots if it's not loot from your save).Still, Lo Wang is a funny character and Shadow Warrior 2 is a real improvement after the 2013 version. It's brainless, lots of bloody fun, tons of weapons and customization (with gems), it has a good soundtrack, the jokes are cheesy and funny. Grab it if you're interested!Played on :Native 1600x900Windows 7 64 UltimateAMD FX 8320 3.5GHz8gb DDR3 RamKFA2 GTX 970 Exoc BETweaked Ultra preset (with 120% rendering slider)"
76561197981182472,Not Recommended,324800,26609240,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Junglehum,"Sure it's flashy, good looking and has explosive combat and the dialogue is ballsy and to The point. But it starts to reapeat itself too fast. First the enemies felt interesting because they actually do other things than just soak bullets. But after a while The combat just boils down to check if enemy has elemental weakness, pick a gun that has been socketed with gems that give that elemental damage. There is no challenge to be had in this game. I played through The game in 2nd hardest difficulty with a friend and I died maybe three times from falling off a cliff.The fun part about the game is it's fast pace action and traversing areas swiftly with dashes and all that jazz. The weapons are fun and there is enough variety in them, they rarely drop from enemies but atleast it's not like in Borderlands. Oh, well if you don't count the gems which you get from fallen enemies and there are so many of them and it's the most tidious process to browse them in your inventory when you want to upgrade your weapon. Then there is the useless crafting system that just takes three gems and gives you one that is better. All this brings The game to a total halt when you compare how fast paced the combat is. It's just too much clutter for a fast paced fps game. I like my loot heavy Games too like Diablo 2 and Grim dawn, but they are much better designed around the loot and you don't have to spend all day browsing crap inventory systems."
,Recommended,324800,26054194,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Outcast™,"Nominated for the WHOOOAAAAAAA, DUDE! AwardThe story is impecable, gameplay and visuals are the best of a first person shooter, procedually generated worlds actually feel refresing and well made, plus the Wang is back in full force, now with more friends.More content will be added down the line, so this one won't leave my HDD anytime soon.GET FRIENDS TO KILL MORE ♥♥♥♥FACES!"
,Recommended,324800,26055728,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Deviant Killer,If you enjoy serious sam. You will enjoy this.More to come.
,Recommended,324800,26098655,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Thomas,it's like borderlands but i prefer the very fluid melee combat in this gamehighly recommended
76561198047774346,Recommended,324800,26021071,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Drima,"""Shh, veeeeeeery quiet now: I'm hunting ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.""10/10"
76561198074977172,Recommended,324800,34438901,Posted: 23 August,all,Steaky,"I'd say that the first Shadow Warrior was better, but that's expected like with most of the good games. But, this game was absolutely amazing, more epic hack'n slice and hilarious comedy. I'm still confused about the ending, maybe there will be another sequal explaining it afterwards? Well, anyways. The game overall was very good. I dont understand why people say that it's a short campaign. They have made all the side missions as well wich makes the game a lot of hours longer. Me myself have nothing to complain about the game itself. In my opinion it was worth the waiting."
76561197973270891,Recommended,324800,26161531,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Terminator,"Shadow Warrior 2 is a slick first person shooter / looter hybrid that fuses the sites & sounds from Doom & Painkiller, trash talk from Duke Nukem & role playing from Boarderlands. You'll get to explore a stunningly detailed underworld whilst rampaging through your foes using the bullet, bomb or the blade with blood splattering pace as you go. Ignore the daft dialogue & non-existant narrative because this is a game of carrying out errands that usually involve dispatching various villians & collecting valuables. The thumping 80's era rock & traditional oriental soundtrack really works well which breathes life to the whole gameplay experience. Of all the FPS's on the market these days, few match the satisfaction you'll get from it's gore & a combat system that never feels tiresome, you'll be rewarded to a variety of wild outlandish weapons on offer & useful loot that boost your character stats in various ways. So, if you're looking for a game thats fast, brutal, yet fun ... you've found it."
,Recommended,324800,31032019,Posted: 8 April,all,Hihikokun,"Being a big fan of Borderlands, I loved this game, it is so fun! I beat it single player, and am currently trying to get a friend to buy it for co-op (which I bet is great). Awesome game, lags a bit when there are a lot of enemies, but overall awesome game."
,Recommended,324800,26014638,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,[RoYaL] Khaled,Good game and well optimized
,Recommended,324800,34421308,Posted: 22 August,all,Kaein,"Shadow Warrior is what would happen if Warframe and Borderlands 2 had a child. You slash things, dice things, run around and blast enemies in viceral fast paced combat. You also customize your many kinds of weapons in interesting ways, from adding elemental damage to making your gun blow through your entire ammo supply and kill everything in a ten block radius in like two pulls of the trigger. The weapons are varied enough that most of them feel completely different from one another and the upgrades make it to where you can use one weapon you really like through most, if not all, of the game.Wang loves combat and also makes phallic jokes constantly. This normally is annoying and not executed well in most games, but in Shadow Warrior 2 Wang seems to somehow stride the line between funny and immature. He constantly makes jokes and doesn't take much seriously, but he does care about WHY he is killing things. I won't spoil much, but there is a mission where he has to save some demon girls and for once he stops being funny and starts being serious, even calling out other allies for not caring enough to save them themselves. So the game doesn't hit the level of humor that gets campy, nor does it take itself too seriously.The game is also surprisingly deep. There's a lot of world building and lore scattered around the map and it isn't silly tidbits, it is actually well written material and there is a lot of references to japanese and norse mythologies everywhere. Wang himself seems to be a Susano expy, trying to balance his love for combat with doing the right thing.Overall, Shadow Warrior 2 is just fun. It doesn't really try anything new or groundbreaking. Its a mish mash of a bunch of genres and does all of them pretty well but not expertly. But the combination of all the things just makes for a good time. The co-op makes it even better. The game knows what it is. Its a hack and slash with an interesting story and doesn't try for anything different. It just delivers on those two things perfectly.Its worth your time and your money to pick this up. Especially if it is on sale. So grab 2 copies, grab a friend, and go blasting some demons."
76561198215019496,Recommended,324800,26236400,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,JustJack6,"*Unizips fly to reveal a big, dribbling boner that this game gave him*"
,Recommended,324800,26032154,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,TenkuLo,"if you don't like wang then you must have an hillary clinton poster somewhere in your house,no doubt"
76561198119753073,Recommended,324800,26066068,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Richter,"I played the crap out of the 2013 game and enjoyed this one all the same. It's a sequel but feels very distinct from the previous game. That's probably because Hoji isn't in this game, but nonetheless there's a lot of stuff to do here. I played through the game single player and took my time with the levels as well as did all the side missions; overall clocking in at around 25 hours. Very well optimized and I love the graphics and art style. Game is fun as f*ck and highly recommended. Buy this and Doom and relive the glory of 90's FPS."
,Recommended,324800,26035258,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,M477550N,"Great metal soundtrack! CO-OP! Beautiful graphics! The game runs smooth as silk!Good weapon variety and customization with gems! Blood, Gore and a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes.Thank you Flying Wild Hog and Devolver Digital for this awesome game! :DRockpapershotgun.comnailed it!""It’s DOOM without the claustrophobia. A Serious Sam + Borderlands cocktail with weighty, thumping, exciting, speedy combat. Diablo in first-person, with wide open spaces, packs of enemies, giant bosses and more weapons than you can shake a wang at. Shadow Warrior 2 is anarchic, excessive, ridiculous, occasionally spectacular and almost entirely wonderful."""
,Recommended,324800,34414627,Posted: 22 August,all,Azura Squifflepants,"This is simply the most fun I've had playing an FPS in years. The story makes minimal sense, it's a little bit racist and a lot stupid, but the weapons are glorious and the action is hectic. I love my chainsaw. Even if I never played this again, I'd have got my money's worth but I will be playing it again, a lot. Now, where's Shadow Warrior 3 when you need it?"
76561198145764128,Recommended,324800,26139002,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,FeelsGoodMan,"Great game if you can get past the RPG aspects that feel out of place in this game.The combat in this game is extremely impactful and satisfying however does start to lose a bit of that impact when fighting overly tanky enemies, Game runs well, Has a tonne of cool weapons as well as a lot of funny moments in the narrative, It's a game that doesn't take itself too seriously and I like that, I just wish they didn't go down the path of ""RPG Looter Shooter""- Regardless I think you'll enjoy it IF you play it casually and aren't too obsessed with playing optimally in which case you might find it frustrating at times -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5MLK9hC0ys"
,Recommended,324800,26045557,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,UncannyValleyForge,It's 2016 Doom plus Borderlands.Why are you still reading this?
,Recommended,324800,26127441,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Sakhan The Magnificent,"The trouble with this game lies in the fact that it is very unfitting of the carried title. Even though remake's sequel still contains dirty jokes, same old cynical character of Lo Wang and quite amazing ost with the melodic tribute to the oriental culture, yet again, action-packed first person shooter combined with RPG elements (which, however, become the main focus in this game) lacks the drive. A chase for numeric values, better builds along with the merciful core structure of action dumbed the game in my opinion. Dash mechanics (which are certainly justified in terms of providing challenging coop experience) kill the entire joy of positioning, skillful movement and inventive usage of enviroment in exchange for quick escapes, cutting maps short and turn the gameplay into mashing a directional key combined with the bound to dash button..As a whole, game looks good if one would strip Shadow Warrior trademark of it, it is purely enjoyable to an extent, yet boring closer to end-game due to complete lack of new content, the coop less than stable, but the operative patching may fix this soon. As a Shadow Warrior game, homage to the past, it requires the juicy boost to the mechanics, complete change of pacing and more content overall."
,Recommended,324800,26016102,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Needledick the Bughumper,"It's an amazing game, I'm serious.+Amazingly Optimized+No Bugs+Cool Weapons+Funny Voice Acting+Interesting Characters+Scary Bad Guys+80's Synth Music (Sometimes)Really Freakin Good"
,Recommended,324800,32884606,Posted: 27 June,all,-==+T3RMAN8R Unit ALPHA+==-,Everything I wanted from a sequel and PLENTY more!Can YOU handle the Wang?
,Recommended,324800,26909299,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rezulux,"When I heard that they were making a sequel to the Shadow Warrior prequel/soft reboot, I was very excited.When I saw gameplay videos of the bulletspongy enemies, I was incredibly disappointed.When I picked up the game and played it for myself, I found out that the people I was watching play were just awful, and the game is immensely fun and lacks any feeling of bulletsponginess if you know what you're doing, even a little bit. It's a sequel with questionable design choices but ends up pulling them off quite nicely in the end."
,Recommended,324800,34447423,Posted: 23 August,all,SPaxAGe,"Better than Doom.Throw some light rpg elements in for replayability.Free updates that other games would charge a season pass for.Story felt more like a punchline this time around, though."
76561198122651542,Recommended,324800,34364826,Posted: 19 August,all,Potato Ninja,"A lot of things in this game are straight from the first of Flying Wild Hog's Shadow Warrior series. Like the quick-witted protagonist and his comedic relief sidekick. Many other things in this game are very new, despite taking inspiration from other games.The weapon upgrade system is definitely a little empty but with a charm that I see in Borderlands 2, without the extreme dependence on RNG. It allows you to take a basic weapon and craft it into a much more powerful version, crafted from your imagination. That may be an overexaggeration though, as it is still very lacking. Taking the fun of the elementals of Borderlands and simply making them a damage booster. Sure you can use them strategically against enemies but not the unique bosses.Many of the bosses are very boring and requiring you to do the monotonous task of constantly laying in damage as they're typically only bullet sponges. Not only that but they rarely utilize the interesting idea of having you use specific weapons from your arsenal to either increase damage or prevent damage reduction. This is most prevalent in the last few bosses, where one who would be very exciting and highly anticipated for any fan of the last installment of the series is so poorly thought out. The boss' aesthetic design is somewhat nice, if you forget the other smaller versions with slightly different detail. Although it might makes sense that the CEO of a company has similar battle equipment as his employees, giving him the same sort of attacks just shows the developers only wanted to make larger versions of common enemies. Hammering in the idea of a lack in creativity in the designs of bosses. And the most interesting boss, fought three different times throughout the game, gets boring by the second and ruined by the third.A fun fight the first time as it has its own interesting design with an appropriate combat style. It gives you an expectation of a constantly evolving enemy which you have to chase down, only to contradict itself with a second fight of the same exact thing with no significant change in the dynamic. Your objective has not changed and neither has the boss. Now giving you the expectation of the exact same thing for the final showdown with the last boss, only to contradict itself once again. And not even in a good way. The boss is different but much more restricted. Instead of being quick and agile, it has become bloated, filling two-thirds of the arena. Doing more uninteresting attacks with absolute silence. Which is odd considering it has a decent soundtrack. Boasting good music and supplying none during what is supposed to be the most intense moment of the game. Well, there is a soundtrack. All you have to do is die. Then as you respawn it will begin to play. Making the final boss the most disappointing and confusing of all. And not even the two protagonists can fix it.The main protagonist never wants to be serious, giving a comedic value to the game but taking away from any moments that would be considered dramatic or realistic. The sidekick doesn't help this problem either. Supposed to be a clone of the very similar sidekick from the first installment but with a very significant flaw. Instead of delivering puns it forces complaints. Most of her dialogue consists of being sassy until the near end when the writers must've realized that being sassy is not the equivalent of being funny, and decided to change their methods accordingly. But instead of rewriting the script they just kept going. Giving the character an abrupt change in personality.Something else which was unexpected was the difference in level design from what was shown at E3 long before its release, to what was actually given to the consumer. Giving the impression that there would be more thought and foresight put into the world, like subtle indicators for a boss' difficulty. Rather than a bunch of information floating over its head. Removing you from the actual game to compare stats and determine your survivability. Another error that would've been promising.But it's only my fault for having faith in such an empty promise. And still, I enjoyed this game. It is fun and has a lot of variety despite its many flaws. It is very fun for a first playthrough, as you don't really know what to expect, but I wouldn't recommend playing it more than that. It has very little replayability.It has its quirks but it's still very enjoyable. 7/10Also the ending was weird as ♥♥♥♥ and came out of nowhere."
,Not Recommended,324800,26091357,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Overshard,"First off, this is not a bad game it is simply not the game I wanted and it has too much repetitiveness to be interesting to me. That being said Shadow Warrior 2 is a great game if you want to coop a Borderlands-like with friends once they work out a few of the bugs.Pros:- Lots of settings to customize- Well developed and clean game- Good UI design- Solid RPG mechanics, reminds me of Path of Exile with elemental resistance shreading and elemental conversion- Does not lock you down to weapons, when you upgrade something you can pull the upgrades off and put them in a new weapon if you want to change- Has a good respec system- Does not lock you down to gearing, easy to swap outCons (Gameplay):- Easy, I played on the hardest difficulty and never died, never came close, you have so much mobility and can build so much leech that there is no chance of you actually dying- Repetitive, the most noticible being when I went back to some news tower/map on about 3-4 separate occasions and I had to climb the whole tower every, single, time- No interesting guns, if you are on the hardest difficulty your machine guns and SMGs do no damage. Your fast, dual wield melee weapons are bananas whacking a gorilla. You are left with projectile weapons and the single launch gernade lanchers and a couple shotguns to do the majority of your damage/feel like you are actually killing stuff and in an FPS (This is due to the difficulty I played it, if you play on easy you kill stuff easier. I rather I take more damage and have less healing abilities/effective leech  in harder difficulties than the enemies just turn into bullet sponges.)- Wang is no longer funny. In the first game I thought most of the lines were hilarious and I enjoyed the atmosphere. In this game I, on multiple occasions while playing with friends, said the line that Wang was going to say before he said it. Everyone assumed I had heard them before but it was just way too predictible with how juvenile the jokes were.Cons (Fixable Bugs):- Coop visual lag whenever a ""toxic"" enemy aura was around, everyone who is not the host gets 10fps, no way to fix.- Game save got corrupted, I knew this was an issue and kept backups but was still annoying- Coop host is the only person who gets progression in story, everyone else has to ""repeat"" the quests on their own or they have to host. (Might not be a bug? Might just be lazy coding? Might be intended?)- Loss of direction, sometimes the map indicator didn't update and we had to wonder around/figure out where to go- As the host I had to kill one of the bosses on my own because I skipped a cutscene, the non-spoiler version of this is the cut scene the building smashes and everyone can then fight the boss, if you skip the building only smashes for the host.- No horizontal FOV slider, only vertical... why? For cutscene reasons?TL;DR: Good game to♥♥♥♥♥♥around in a Borderlands-like with friends, mostly solid game design, some easily fixable bugs, skip the cutscenes, play on a lower difficulty to avoid bullet sponge hell and kill♥♥♥♥♥♥and you'll have fun with friends."
76561198010405543,Not Recommended,324800,27839648,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Wafflenolium,"The first Shadow Warrior was a suprisingly great story of a dou©hebag becoming a mature and selfless hero. This game retcons all that character developement, but adds nothing new. It's just 3 or 4 shooting galleries that look and play the same. The last level dares to end with a sequel bait. What a wank! If you have any respect for the first game, skip this."
,Not Recommended,324800,26715336,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Boggus,"This game is hard to write a review for. It is in the end a game like Borderlands 2 which some people greatly enjoy and I sadly do not. So for all ends and purposes if you love the Borderlands games then give this a go.The reason I am giving this game a thumbs down is that I am a big fan of the first game and me and my friends wished for a coop version of the same game. And boy did we get excited when news of Shadow Warrior 2 dropped with coop mode! Sadly the tacked on quest system, loot and semi-open world additions did not do the game favours. One reason the first game was so fun was that it was a linear and well-designed experience with a good balance of introducing new weapons and enemies, scaling the difficulty along the way.The ambitions of adding hyped upped features like the loot and random spawns propably turned some fans and players off this game. It propably attracted alot others so that's good. Me and my friends who were looking for a tightly designed fps with coop features were sadly turned down.I will return if they add an arcade mode throwing the loot, open world and randomness out the window.TLDR: Great game if you are a fan of Borderlands/Dead Island. If you were hoping for DOOM 2016 with friends and swords then give this a pass."
,Not Recommended,324800,26114946,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Crashpunk,A great game completely ruined by the dull loot system and overall tedious gameplay. Such a shame because I loved the first one...
76561198000462647,Not Recommended,324800,29706165,Posted: 4 February,all,Tesla1211,"Although I do not have Shadow Warrior 2013 on Steam, I did play it through GOG. I 'd give that game a 7/10. It was pretty good, for the price.This game is nothing like the first one. The first one, was a throwback to the shooters from the 90s, linear story, hand crafted levels, etc.Feels bland.  Loot drops and item upgrades unnecessarily slow down the game play, forcing you to go around and fidget in menus, comparing stats, like you would in an RPG or action RPG type game...If you like that sort of thing, then maybe this wont be a negative for you, for me, it was a big let down.Long story short, if you want a fast paced, old school shooter, play the first one. If you want a MMO / Loot-game / Borderlands wannabe, buy this one."
,Recommended,324800,26019698,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Cool Guy Sexhaver,Ancient Chinese Secret
76561198021664572,Not Recommended,324800,27593707,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,proci85,"This would normally be a neutral review, but I tend more towards the negative.I loved Shadow Warrior 1. It had a clumsy, one-dinensional generic story to begin with with yakuzas, katanas and you get the idea. As the game progressed and the story blossomed, ending in a very fine story arc. Besides that, it was and is one of the best paced FPS games out there, with pacing similar to Doom (both the old and new one), Quake1, Unreal Tournament and Alien vs Predator. It was quick, fun and immersive.I bought SW2 the day it came out, I loved the first one, the second game seems to be the same, what could go wrong?Well, everything.It runs great and it did run great even on day1. That's a plus. The graphics aren't so nice and detailed (check Deus Ex: Mankind Divided for a comparison), so this explains. The levels are big, but the populations are generated random. So normally this would be a huge plus, but in the first Shadow Warrior, there were a lot of carefully balanced fighting arenas just like in Doom and this was a huge benefit to the level design. Not anymore.The story is worse and in some cases, it doesn't make sense. Yes, Shadow Warrior 1 had its burlesque moments too, but they made sense and as the game progressed, it got a more and more dark and serious tone. In case of Shadow Warrior 2, it is just fluctuating.The thing however which kills the fun is the crafting system. Shadow Warrior 1 had some weapons which were completely useless on higher difficulties, and some people were complaining about the large number of skills and choices in the menus. So guess what? You get more weapons (with some balancing issues) and you get a loot system you can attach to some of your weapons. A loot system which with its attachment focus is similar to Sacred 2's system (it was a bad one but still acceptable for an RPG). So instead of fighting through hordes of enemies in a fast paced fighting game, you end up looking in the menus and farming the shops to try to get one item spawn you can get. With an inventory which is list based, so not really user friendly.For a single playthrough, if you play this for a story, the looting system wont spoil the fun, but the story isn't that great either.If you like endless grinding and organizing records in a badly sorted list get this. If you are too old to grind some game to get better gear to grind even more, then skip this.Btw: Yes, 10 hours is enough to go through the whole game and check NG+ a bit. It is short if you don't like mindless grinding."
,Not Recommended,324800,26400806,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,TheManko,"The list of good singleplayer first person shooters released in the past 5 years isn’t long. There’s Doom 2016, Wolfenstein: The New Order 2014, Shadow Warrior 2013, and Serious Sam 3 in 2011. As a fan of Shadow Warrior, I had high hopes for this. I got worried when I learned they’d added co-op, and especially worried when I heard levels would use procedural generation. Unfortunately the game is even worse than I had feared. This is a review of the game viewed only as a singleplayer experience, and it’s possible it’s more fun in co-op. But that’s not how I was interested in playing this.To be fair, Shadow Warrior 2 has fixed some things from the last entry. Bosses are way better, which is important as they were a joke last time. Also, the last game had inconsistent performance, whereas this game runs incredibly well, while looking way better. In general, the look of the game is its greatest asset. Human characters look like they were thrown together by a complete amateur, but the environments are nice. It’s also the first game on PC to support HDR10, so if you have a HDR TV the game doubles as tech demo.But apart from those positives, Shadow Warrior 2 is bloated and vapid. Almost none of the qualities I look for in a singleplayer FPS are present, and it’s all because of the change in direction of the game and level design. You get quests from a central hub, and then select missions on a map. These maps are generated based on a few visual themes, and enemies are randomly placed on them. The effect this has on level design is that you walk around general purpose buildings and arenas, which might or might not be populated with enemies.Unlike a properly designed game, there’s no sense of pacing or drama to the levels. Enemies just kind of mill about randomly in the levels, and there’s never any sense of surprise or tension. Even worse, there’s so few pre-built assets used for randomization that you’ve seen everything halfway through the game, just like Halo 1! You run up the same giant tower in the city three times, the same dungeon two times, the same everything over and over. And somehow, even with this amount of padding, the game is 5 hours shorter than the last one. How much time was wasted on this system? And for what? To make replays slightly less tedious in co-op?To further ruin any sense of excitement when you play, the story is total garbage. The whole adventure feels like it doesn’t matter. This is in stark contrast to the last game, which successfully created not only a drama curve for the general story, but also character arcs. It wasn’t brilliant, but it was good enough to pass as acceptable. Shadow Warrior 2 is so far from the last game that it’s worse than the 1997 Shadow Warrior. When this little care is put in the story, you might as well not have one. I skipped several cutscenes for side quests, because they were the most torturous tedium I’ve ever seen in games. And I have a high tolerance for cutscenes, being a fan of Metal Gear Solid 4.I don’t hate this game, but I’m disappointed. It’s 10 hours of generic paste, only slightly more interesting than Borderlands 1 and 2. This isn’t what I wanted from Shadow Warrior 2, at all. I guess if you really love the Borderlands games this might be fun. But I’d like it if these co-op based first person RPG shooters became more ambitious. I want to play a real game, not a collectathon. “Oh, I got a new weapon! Oh it’s♥♥♥♥♥♥ just like the last hundred.” “Which skill should I pick? Oh it doesn’t matter, there’s a hundred of them, so it’s balanced in a way where you don’t need to pick any.” No thanks, I’m fine."
,Not Recommended,324800,26420219,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Unpractical,"I beat this game on one of the harder difficulties and managed to beat the game and all the side missions in 12 hours. I COULD go play new game plus but this was a much more forgettable experience than I feel is worhty of a second playthrough.This game was recommended to me with the phrase, ""If you liked the first game you'll probably like this game"" And I think that's a horrible recommendation to make. The first game was a linear experience with intentionally designed levels and well placed enemies. This game feels like everything is just a mash up thrown together to make a smash and loot adventure.I'm gonna talk about what I liked about my experience. The first thing I noticed was the upgrade and skill system was a bit better than the first game. Also the menu system is a bit better but still didn't feel very intuitive to use. I'm glad to see that there were a few more weapons than before but it got to the point where I didn't care about getting new weapons and only saw it as an inconvienience. Still though glad they decided to add a bit of variety in that regard. I like how they improved the melee system too with the combos being a couple of keystrokes less than the first game. I also appreciate how the game gives you a lot of different ways to approach combat, very customizable which is good but leads me to what I didn't like about this game.This game tries to do so much more and in that sense I think it really suffers for that. An example of this is the variety of weapons you get and all the upgrades available for them. You're only allowed to use 3 upgrade slots for every weapon. There's no ability to unlock more or any special items that add more. There's so many weapons but you end up just forgetting about some of them because there are weapons that just seem objectively superior in every way. Why give me a gun just so I have to completely forget about it in an hour or so? You can't sell the guns either so they're just... there... in your inventory asking, ""Why were we ever born!"" This system of loot also creates the problem of being stuck in a menu slogging through all of your upgrades trying to do quick math in your to see what's an upgrade and what's a downgrade. I miss that about the first game where you were in the menus for a little bit but more of your time was spent shooting and slashing demons than looking at your rocket launcher wondering if you should add another elemental effect or increase it's critical hit chance. Borderlands didn't have this problem because the elements and effects were placed on that gun FOR YOU instead of having you do all the math and boring you.Also the story is a lot less interesting and Kamiko is just nowhere near as interesting as your companion from the previous game. I didn't care about the worlds and ended up just dashing through levels because I didn't want to fight enemies with annoying resistences or immunities. Seriously I don't want to be looking at a monsters hp bar for 3 seconds just to find out what gun I need to switch to. That really breaks the flow of combat and is just a nuisance.This game was fine and meets my, ""did I get the same price to entertainment time as a movie?"" quota but it's a real take off in the wrong direction from the first game."
,Not Recommended,324800,29020429,Posted: 4 January,all,✪DяZZ✪,"Almost something good, but falls a bit short. Pointless feeling loot, boring repetitive gameplay. No satisfaction in kills in a game about killing. Level design a bit flawed although the setting and graphics were quite good."
,Not Recommended,324800,34478820,Posted: 25 August,all,Brian C. (The Schmaltzy Cynic),"As a beloved fan of not only Shadow Warrior (2013) as well as Hard Reset and the games that inspired them from the same developers of Painkiller, Shadow Warrior 2 baffles me on many fundamental levels. It wants to play like a more polished version of SW (2013) yet it also wants to deviate from everything that made it special. Enemy placement, hand crafted levels, enemies with clear differentiation for challenge, weapons with individual purpose behind every new addition, and even the merits of the reboot’s storytelling—all of these qualities are replaced with modern revisions that creates a sequel feeling less like an improvement and more like another reboot that had gone awry.How a sequel can misunderstand its targeted audience so much that it embodies the antithesis of the old-school/arena FPS designs is a surreal experience. The replacement of a more traditional narrative with description/journals as background noise along with a missing beginning and a cliffhanger ending is also something that is contrary to the linear, handcrafted structure of the old-school of FPSs. Even compared to the games SW2 attempts to imitate between the Borderlands-influence of cooperative gear-based shooters and the statistical loot-grind of Diablo, it is a confusing conglomeration of old and new school FPS schools of thought attempting to have its Wang and beat it off too.Group Circle-Jerks Sound Great, But They Are A MessOne misunderstanding I want to clear up is that I am not against the idea of adding cooperative play to Shadow Warrior as various old-school FPSs like DOOM, Duke Nukem 3D and Serious Sam all incorporate cooperative play that does not impact the single-player experience. This is because the games were designed around one player in huge, open-ended environments as a priority which impacted the placement of enemies, items, and even the player’s arsenal. SW2, however, is an example of a game hampered by its commitment to being designed primarily for cooperative play.In order to incorporate having multiple characters on screen, every aspect of its gameplay is tarnished, especially the level-design. Levels are reduced from open-ended labyrinths with intended confrontations and puzzles into reusing the same open environments for multiple “quests” that gate off access to certain parts of the map. Verticality is a new addition that is welcome, but the environments are without character in every corner. The design is not one of having multiple smaller, defined maps within a larger environment but rather closing off areas you can explore due to the primary or secondary mission you selected. The result of this design promotes randomized enemy spawns from a limited variety within every map (there are only four/five different maps total) and preordained loot box locations to find to get smaller rewards on top of the quest rewards, which the amount of these rewards leads into the problems for the weapns themselves.If there is any one thing that ruins gunplay in an FPS it’s statistical, percentage based weaponry that removes not only the impact of the weapon but also makes the player optimize their arsenal based off raw numbers than each weapon’s utility. SW2 takes this set-up from Borderlands way farther than that game’s issues for gunplay as the gear you unlock have minor 1 – 10% differences in-between each tier that clutter up the screen for every weapon you unlock (80 total). These include elemental, damage output, and other minor properties to make each weapon not as satisfying as if they were designed in one manner. These weapons are also always outclassed by a later weapon, which makes the impressive roster less exciting as players will optimize for only the best of their class. The result of this confusing system of statistical analysis ruins the flow of SW2 and focuses it less on enjoying the fun with friends but focusing builds on countering elemental resistances and making the most with your friends to cut down on the grind, which has a Diablo-style difficulty system that changes raw numbers rather than meaningful changes to the game.It's Shadow Warrior 2's overall focus on numbers is what kills the experience as it is obsessed to innovate by adding more RPG-lite systems from its previous game rather than innovating the old-school format like the original reboot. It’s clear from these compromises that they are directly related to the cooperative focus of SW2, and because they’re designed around a group working together rather than making each player capable on their own none of them are to the benefit of the single-player or coop experience.In Media Res… That’s What She Said!While Shadow Warrior (2013) was nowhere near perfect in its storytelling, the character dynamics between Lo Wang and Hoji along with an overall campy, yet serious, narrative left an impression on the player that the journey was worthwhile. Shadow Warrior 2, however, decides to leave the story on the wayside of text blurbs, off-screen or indirectly referenced in comments in the cutscenes and to exaggerate the comedy at every turn with little to no relevance to the narrative. This leaves the overall narrative lacking if the player is invested in the storyline whatsoever.Unfortunately, the worst offenders of the storytelling are the lackluster beginning and ending, which creates for a confusing overall storyline in the middle, as well as the subpar character dynamics between Lo Wang and Kamiko. The first problem is the result of the game starting five years after a referenced incident that left the Shadow Realms and Earth torn together with Lo Wang on a mission for the Yakuza, and the ending revolves around defeating a final boss before fading to black without any knowledge of the aftermath. The details of the five years are scattered away in notes, comments and other details that are never fully explained from beginning to end. However, the far worse offender is Kamiko as she does not work off with Lo Wang as greatly as Hoji, and it makes less sense to invent another character with no relation to the previous game when Ameonna (the Sister from SW1) has much better comedy value in her short time as well as significance to the player from the first game.Comedy, however, is probably the most divisive aspect of SW2. In SW1, the comedy was limited to fortune cookies and story-related punchlines playing off the bitterness between the two protagonists, which made it so compelling. In SW2, every other line is a punchline about wangs, nerdy references, and the few amusing misunderstandings with significance to the moment rather than random comments like the plethora of reused fortune cookies. As someone who enjoys dad-level jokes, Shadow Warrior should be perfect for someone like me but the oversaturation of the same joke and the irrelevant nature of many of them with the story and/or characters makes it a bane rather than a blessing.It’s Not the Size That Matters; It’s How You Use itAlthough Shadow Warrior 2 is a technical and mechanical improvement on the gunplay and gameplay pace of the original, the reality is it’s a bad old-school FPS which was marketed originally for this audience. This is not a case where a game is made for the same type of people with a different stroke for different folks. Had Flying Wild hog made this into a spinoff title then perhaps the changes could have better received with a different audience, yet the problems SW2 are its deviations that create a worse FPS than had it stayed the course. This is the reason why many fans from before feel disillusioned with the experience.In the defense of Shadow Warrior 2, the developers continue to add free bounty updates as well as additional arenas and weapons to add longevity, yet if the core experience is underwhelming and tiresome from its repetition does it matter how much is added?"
,Recommended,324800,29705900,Posted: 4 February,all,broken chamona 'Deus Vult,awesome game. its a bit like borderlands but in the good wayis completly different compared to the first shadow warrior (i actually would prefer) but it makes  a lot of things right.story is a bit short with 5 hours but good replay value in coop
76561198008854653,Recommended,324800,30623435,Posted: 19 March,all,[BG]Slanson,Great game:)
,Recommended,324800,30642695,Posted: 20 March,all,The Rolling Sumo,"Wanted to try the new free DLC, ended up beating the game twice in one day"
76561198054734904,Recommended,324800,30680442,Posted: 22 March,all,Shnarfy,Absolutely LOVE this game it's perfect. Everything about it. All awesome!
76561198007637023,Recommended,324800,27883316,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,[CA]deusex2,"Combat is fun as hell! While the loot part of this loot shooter doesn't feels all that great at first, after a while you end up realizing that it's actually far more flexible than other loot shooter games out there.Also, other loot shooter games out there don't have enough Wang in them."
,Recommended,324800,26108283,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Cham? Jarred? Who knows?,"Definitely a departure from the original series and even the reboot before it. All of the one-liners, gunplay, and wacky stereotypes are still there for hardcore fans, but there's been a few changes this time around that change up the formula.The game doesn't operate on a campaign structure, it's a long campaign with a hub area and missions you accept from within it. I see a lot of people comparing the gameplay to Borderlands but it's really a sparse resemblance. The levels in the game use tilesets with big chunks that get randomly put together, meaning you'll see a lot of familiar areas, but the layout of each area changes mission-to-mission.The loot works the same way. Chests and stuff contain random loot a-la Diablo, and weapon upgrades are all random little tidbits.Because of how reliant on upgrades weapons are, it DOES suck sometimes to get weapons that look badass, only for them not to be useful for a while until you upgrade them well.If the above doesn't deter you and you're wanting a fast-paced FPS with cheesy humor and a load of awesome looking weapons, give it a try."
,Recommended,324800,26039350,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Punished Jake from state farm,"AAA quality game for half of the price and working flawlessly on day 1 with colorful visuals, bombastic soundtrack, addictive  gameplay, good leveling system, gore-galore and racial jokes.Is this real?I don't believe it!Come on, it's 2016! We should heave season passes with cut content, overpriced DLCs that cost like half of a full game, bugs, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimization and more of the current ""improvements""This game does not belong in this world. In this time. It's too freaking good."
,Recommended,324800,26064479,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Ab$t3r,Playing an actually ♥♥♥♥ing game after such a long time feels soo good!
76561198053553422,Recommended,324800,28087943,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,BritishTea,just yes
,Recommended,324800,26030658,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,☜★☞ Mechanoid,"Shadow Warrior 2 is a worthy sequel.The story is quite fun and well explained, the humour is what you can expect from the previous version.The gameplay is challenging and very smooth.I love the new keys for the special powers, the upgrades and skills are wonderfull aswell.The music and sound effects are on point.The game runs smooth and is well optimized.YES, a big thumbs up for this game.Haven't tried multiplayer yet, but i'm already having a blast playing this awesome game.Certainly with the pre-order razorback weapon, OMG that thing is a killer.9/10"
76561197971818334,Recommended,324800,28052364,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Apocalypse Tittie,Just get off your Wang and buy this game!!!!
76561198194321938,Recommended,324800,26041025,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,xX420BLAZER69Xx,good game
,Recommended,324800,26021057,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,BrassBass,"Runs great, no major bugs, looks SICK, more refrences and memes then you can shake a stick at, and I ♥♥♥♥ING LOVE IT!  THIS RIGHT HERE IS ONE HELL OF A GAME!"
,Recommended,324800,26022130,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Luew,Lil wang ;)
,Recommended,324800,26173870,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,President Wub Wub,"Currently playing, the game gets better as I play it, and i started it with high expectations.Get this game now.PS: Gonna actually review it when I finish, I just want to show support right now"
,Recommended,324800,28297160,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,MoИSTER Σ1iAS,The most fun i've had in ages! Best slash and clash game ever played with so much things to collect and do. 10/10 rated! Can't wait for Shadow Warrior 3 to come out.
,Recommended,324800,26546428,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Stark Raving Painter ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ ก็็็็,"One of the extremely few single player fps games to get close to the flow state you get in F.E.A.R. 1.Its not flawless, but it filled that hole in my life left by the lack of a new fps of F.E.A.R.'s quality.Best action focused single player fps since F.E.A.R. 1. The game doesn't have a deep story but so didn't F.E.A.R. 1."
,Recommended,324800,28092298,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Ninjabuzz,amazing game
,Recommended,324800,26180268,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Grasshopper (메뚜기),This game is a lot better than the original. It has a great replay value and it is a lot of fun doing co-op with friends. Games like serious sam get boring for me pretty quickly but this doesn't have that at all.
,Recommended,324800,26174942,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Dagorim,"Shadow Warrior 2 is an unexpected delight. I hear the first Flying Wild Hog Shadow Warrior title was skippable, but this one is not. This game is close to the perfect FPS:- The game is fun- There are many, varied, and fun weapons.- The character upgrade path is surprisingly deep, and all skills and weapons have a use and work well together.- The action is top-notch. Even melee feels completely viable, and is extremely visceral.- The game is wicked fun- The game is beautiful- The soundtrack and noises are top-notch (with the one exception that all human mob-type characters can sound forced at times)- Lo Wang's banter has made me acutally laugh out loud three or four times- The plot is actually pretty decent- Some parts of levels are randomly generated- The game is @*^# fun!- You WILL smile while playing this game- There's no DRM#GOTY for sure"
,Recommended,324800,26091500,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,brett84c,"This game, right here!!  If you like FPSs, RPGs and loot-based games, this is a must buy!  It plays like Borderlands on steroids. The action is in the ilk of games like DOOM 2016 or other high octane arena-like shooters requiring a fast reflexes and a quick trigger finger.I'll put 'Cons' first since I think it's worth leaving this review off on a high-note.CONS:Gem System (negatives) - There are so many gem drops that it almost becomes tedious trying to sort through them or differentiate which ones are better than others.  They all have widely varying stats and skill modifiers that make properly choosing the right ones hard.  Thankfully, once you unlock the ability to forge/combine gems, I typically just sell my grey ones, and combine all the ones that are rare or better until i'm only left with legendary gems to choose from.  Makes the process more simpleLinearity - Game feels fairly linear despite the different areas giving you multiple routes or other directions you can go.  Maybe I need to play some more in co-op.  Just beat it last night in 15 hours doing all the side quests along the way.PROS:Combat - As I said earlier, this game has some very exciting, action-packed, visceral combat.  I felt overwhelmed at first but the more I played and started to understand the mechanics and how enemies react and attack, it clicked and I was dashing around the battlefield, slicing off enemy heads, then backing off to empty some clips into the left overs.  When you finally grasp the combat, the game truly shines and you feel like a total badass (like a ninja, really) and you start exploring the seemingly endless ways to approach situations given the vast array of skills at your disposal.Weapon System - I really like how they abandoned the random weapon drops that is so common with similar games like Diablo and Borderlands and opted for a system that let's you gain a finite number of weapons through quest lines or randomly in the game off of epic enemies.  These weapons have rarity levels but once you find a more rare version of that item, you'll basically just un-socket the last weapon you were using in that class and put those gems into the new item.  Some weapons still have unique attributes and skill modifiers attached to them, allowing you to still create unique builds even if you found a similar higher rarity class weapon with slightly more base damage.  With so many weapon types and styles of play, you can stick to guns or melee, or balance the 2.  The game doesn't hinder you for going either path (and I wouldn't recommend it, as the melee is super fun and shakes things up when I was initially trying to play it like a shooter).Gem System (positives) - The gem system allows you to modify any weapon you've found to your heart's content.  Since you can un-socket items while keeping those gems, you can experiment like crazy and if you really like a certain weapon, un-socket it and attach any new, stronger gems.  It really is a brilliant system that solves the problem of having to grind endlessly in other games if you wanted a weapon with toxic damage on it.  In SW2, all you need is the right elemental gem(s) and your weapon is instantly able to dish out toxic or fire damage or whatever else you want it to do.Card/Perks System - You get skill points as you do quests and level and you spend those points on skill cards.  You have a few to start the game but you gain more through missions or purchase through vendors.  These cards fall into different category trees.  There's cards to enhance your melee abilities, ones that boost your healing, ones that increase the frequency of medkit drops along with how much they heal, cards that increase damage using certain elemental types... there are so many cards to invest in, you will not get them all in one playthrough, but I was ok with that because they just enhance your currently amazing abilities... any area you feel like you're struggling in or would like to boost, just invest points in those cards.Story/Humor - The game definitely feels a lot like Bulletstorm on the story front but with some higher level of sophistication, in the end.  The lead character is a total self-centered, crap talking ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥... nobody (in game) really likes him because he's always making wise-cracks and jokes about his♥♥♥♥♥♥  The other characters seem to balance him out pretty well.  His brash personality makes for some highly entertaining banter and cutscenes and though I was rolling my eyes at first, I came to appreciate Wang and the hilarity he brought to every conversation.  The story was a little hard to follow at times due to so many characters having history so maybe read a quick synopsis of the plot of the first game (I never played it) though people insist it's not necessary.  I didn't buy this for the story, but I still enjoyed it for what was there.  It's less about the overall story arc and more about the individual conversations that happen that kept me super entertained and gave me a few moments of laughing out loud."
,Recommended,324800,26057966,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Rockoftruth,i sliced demon balls11/10 wangs
76561197994007187,Recommended,324800,26024912,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Blackstar,"Get into the game Stan bush is playing. Not but ten minutes into the game Wang sings his remix of the Sound of music while I murder hordes of demons. These people know what I like! It's like a company took all the cool things about shooters and said; ""Screw it let's just put it all in one place.""The Visuals are good, the game play is smooth, the protagonist entertaining. They story doesn't take itself to seriously, its as if a game actaully wanted me to enjoy it in 2016."
,Recommended,324800,26126420,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Jblade35,"The changes from the first game have proven to be slightly controversial, but the spirit of the game is still there. I do feel the gem system, and the game in general, could of done with a few more months of polish and tweaking but it's still a blast."
76561198066527477,Recommended,324800,30689785,Posted: 23 March,all,WhiteNight,Really amazing game!
,Recommended,324800,26020275,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Darc,Another great modern reboot done right like Doom.
,Recommended,324800,26020287,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Vem,"YES yes YES Finally more Wang!  I do not typically write reviews but feel the need to for this game!  Within 5 minutes of of playing, Wang had me laughing as im cutting off monsters heads. The loot and upgrade system is vastly improved over the first installment.  Honestly, as a avid collector of games, I feel that I got a 60.00 game for 40.00! The humor, combat, and upgrade system in Shadow Warrior 2 is just amazing!  So much so that im already writing this review after barely playing the game.If your on the fence about this game, get off it.  Dont wait for a sale your already getting an amazing deal this game should cost alot more games that cost more fail compared to this!  The longer you wate the less wang youll have between (time wise).Quick rundownGraphics 9/10Combat 10/10Upgrade system 8/10Story   10/10Humor 10/10Menu's 8/10VALUE 15/10 - you definately get more then what you are paying for at the 40.00 price point-To the DEV-Please have plans to offer expansions and or DLC of the same calibur as your game!"
,Recommended,324800,26020307,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Alexsys,"Okay.My best purchase this year.Nothing but good ol' Lo Wang.I recommend playing the first one though.This game is greatly optimized, no game in the recent good released games section would be able to compete with this majestic creation.Graphics are great and so does the game itself offers a long promising gameplay and story, Good Ol' Lo Wang.It's good to be back."
,Recommended,324800,26020245,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,KingJak,"Pretty frustrating at first for the lack of proper weapons and upgrades but after a couple of missions the game starts to pick up and becomes awesome.This is pretty good to pick up if you like fast paced FPS with some RPG elements like skills, weapons upgrade and loot."
,Recommended,324800,26020289,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Tom,Disable sticky keys.
76561197995330943,Recommended,324800,26020240,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,timmey17,Wonderful.
76561198076218588,Recommended,324800,27489401,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Saber Lily,Weeeeeeeeeeee~~~~~~~
76561198027899776,Recommended,324800,26040826,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Icospawn,"Was not expecting much... and was blown away by the game. Its worth the price, for a enjoyable playthough."
76561198027949615,Recommended,324800,26048243,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Felicia Fancybottom,B> Stone of Jordan
76561197968731843,Recommended,324800,26048103,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,pcG James,"A game that doesn't take itself too seriously and is all the better for it.  Good looking, well optomized for PC and most importanttly good fun!  HAPPY DAYS!  ;-)"
,Recommended,324800,29239410,Posted: 13 January,all,JB The Gamer,"Overall Shadow Warrior 2 is a good game. I enjoyed the gunplay and fast paced action. They improved on the gunplay and sword play in Shadow Warrior 2. The semi-procedurally generated maps are good for co-op, but easy to get lost in. And don't get me started on the loot. Some of the worst loot I have ever seen in a game. For all of my play through I only used mid-range loot, becuase the higher loot items had too many penalties which made them worthless. The jokes are over the top but a lot of them made me laugh out loud.Pros:+Awesome gun and sword play+Fast paced FPS action+4 Player Co-Op+Humorous protagonist, Lo Wang is funny most of the time+Over the top Gore+Lots of Guns and Melee weapons to play with+Lots of new Demons to killCons:-Crappy loot and loot system-Poor inventory-Crappy procedurally generated maps-Story not as good as the first one-Annoying semi-open world-Boring questsShadow Warrior 2, even with it's faults, is still a fun and enjoyable game. Whether you play it by your self or with your friends. The story is lacking and quests are boring but the gameplay is the meat and potatoes. I look forward to a Shadow Warrior 3 in the future.Final Score:3/5 - Good Game"
,Recommended,324800,33258124,Posted: 4 July,all,Raggamuffin,"Five Word Review: Hectic gameplay with sassy assassin.Favorite Thing: The story and characters were enough to keep me going.Least Favorite Thing: After a while the gameplay started feeling extremely repetitive. I went with a melee build, maybe that was the problem. All the melee weapons handled nearly identical.Date Completed: 2017-07-03Playtime: ~ 16hEnjoyment: 7/10Recommendation: I'm a solid 'maybe'. Try a gun build, maybe you'll like it more."
76561198085845512,Recommended,324800,33229042,Posted: 4 July,all,DeadEyeMaster1,"This is the Bulletstorm sequel I want! In Japanese ninja style.This game is extremely fun and exhilirating, very intoxicating to play. Reminds me a lot from Bulletstorm back in 2010 I guess.The gameplay is aimed for the fun and exhilirating part, so that you can hack and slash as much as you want. But the level design and mechanics are well matched for this experience, not letting the players down for too simple gameplay.This game is a standard 3A we'd see back in the old days, yet it doesn't lose its shine.If you like the craziness in Bulletstorm, this game is just as crazy as it is.Plus, the whole Chinese Asian whatever, I mean, it's damn fun. LEL. Even though I have no idea why every asian woman in this game loves to ♥♥♥♥♥ a lot, and guess that makes sense in real life. LOLWang for life."
76561197983401247,Recommended,324800,26331029,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,mweb,Very good game. Great graphics and loads of different enemys and weapons. Environments are really nice and the animations were very fluid. Didn't really have any use for the credits though. Chuckled at Lo Wangs remarks the whole way through. Its great to have a bit of comedy in games like this. Game ran very well on my moderate machine at 2560 x 1440. Another superb piece of software from a polish game company.
76561198054032380,Recommended,324800,26092542,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,TheWindStorm,I have two monitors.  I was able to switch the display from monitor 1 to monitor 2 WITHOUT having to restart the game.  Buy it.
,Recommended,324800,28300031,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Shadow Joseph,"What do you get when you combine Doom with Borderlands? Shadow Warrior 2! Take the brutal combat, fast pace, and difficult enemies from Doom, and combine them with the loot system, level system, and open level designs from Borderlands, and you get Shadow Warrior 2! To fans of Doom, Borderlands, Shadow Warrior, or classic FPS games, you NEED to play this game!"
,Recommended,324800,27031803,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Camerooni,"Oddly purchased this one sight unseen, no expectations - I have their previous games, but haven't played them.. I think it just looked like the right game at the right time for me and it has kept me entertained for 15-20 minutes at a time..I'm not sure if the story is going anywhere, and there's a lot of loot crap, the humour is VERY hit and miss.. but there's something about it.. it just feels earnest.. like as if the dev's just tried to make a game that they wanted to make, which feels very rare these days in a world of bullet points and constantly changing the core design to implement the latest 'hot thing' in the latest releasd game.. this feels like a throw back to the days of fun."
,Recommended,324800,27791059,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mobile Legends™,Best hack n slash game in 2016!!
,Recommended,324800,28247192,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,FPS Crossfire,Ninja Duke Nukem? Duke Nukem meets Onimusha? Hell yes! I strongly recommend this game.This is one of the most fun games i've played.
,Recommended,324800,27907608,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Vakrii,"Would have preferred a more linear experience with a tighter narrative. The game is still a lot of fun though, sort of like a borderlands lite."
76561198077059261,Recommended,324800,26020685,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Ravenragextreme,you could say it's... Wangtastic.. sorry ill go now (grabs coat)
,Recommended,324800,26022718,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,[C.H.U.D.],Love it. Enjoy the loot and all the customization options. Fun fights. The first time a bunny lord appeared I was laughing plenty.
,Recommended,324800,28628530,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,OrKToS,"This game slightly different from 1st one, a little more Borderlands + diablo, but Wang still same.""The way of the Wang is long and hard....and ribbed for her pleasure. """
76561198260912110,Recommended,324800,28177186,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,DragonFury,"Seriously thid is super awesome super hot and super sexy fps game as Lo wang(the main character describe himeself)Likes-everything in this game from characters to the graphics,maps,enemies are all likeable.Dislikes-nothing in particular cant think of anything to be disliked about.Definetly recommend it to everyone."
,Recommended,324800,26971945,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ESorrow,"Great game!Awesome BGM and combat system, but still have the same Wang!"
,Recommended,324800,29722646,Posted: 5 February,all,icleus,"This game is full of insane crazy ninja fun.  You really do not know what you are getting into until after your first level of exploring and having an entourage of demons trying to take you down.  It is a hybrid between diablo RPG concepts and FPS action adventure.  It is not like Borderlands.  The player is completely restricted to one environment at a time and must return to town to end it.   Weapons are one time collect only and must be upgraded though “gem” attachments.  In fact, the entire game is based on gem stats, leveling, and money.  Lots and lots of ingame money.  I would say the best part to this game is exploring and playing with friends.  If you got no friends well you can get lost in a Chinese futuristic city or in a rundown bar full of masochistic ninjas.  Don’t get this game for story but rather clean fun and bloody action.  You’ll get plenty of it."
,Recommended,324800,26032927,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,BloodyWarrior,"Hell yea, Wang is back babe! :whowantssome:"
76561198057731079,Recommended,324800,26051813,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Glyphyr,Borderlands with Katana.
76561197971821513,Recommended,324800,26022069,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Canexican,"wasnt what i expected, was looking for more of a shadow warrior 1 experience. Runs perfectly, no issues with optimization  95-100fps constant. Just wasnt for me. feels way too much like borderlands"
76561197975603364,Recommended,324800,26089823,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Sveny,wang mastery at its finest. if you cant handle a tumor farting at you this isnt for you.
76561198080237046,Recommended,324800,26084151,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Call me handsome,"Devolver digital / 10Was expecting something closer to the last one at first. mfw it was mixed with some borderlands elements and a bunch of weapons and loot. and to make it even better the gameplay feels amazing. and welp, if you liked deadpool you'll probly like the extremly refined♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes and other wangtastic humor.and for a Post way of the wang free DLC update on this review, just get it, you got a game better than most if not all AAAs  that came this year and you got devs working to improve their game. I mean, adding a free DLC with better content than lots of non free DLCs from other games.It feels good to see this kind of devs and this damn game is definitly worth buying"
,Recommended,324800,26024350,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,LinkStart,Nothing else needs to be said. It is a FPS Diablo game.
,Recommended,324800,26042713,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,T.w² | Backseat,"Very Funny, much gore!"
76561198126642318,Recommended,324800,26113890,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Flame Noir,"I'm reccomending this game because I like what I've played so far, but more than that, because the studio (or whoever answered my support email) responded within a day and very quickly helped me find a workaround to make the display work correctly, when i had previously had problems beyond my understanding that made the game unplayable. It's not perfect, but I was able to enjoy the game for several hours without encountering any real problems, so I rate 9/10 for support alone. Very happy with the 'customer service,' so to speak."
76561198064744474,Recommended,324800,26049173,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,คนรักซินซิน2017,THIS GAME IS SO WANG!!!
,Recommended,324800,26049848,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,chemical.394,This game is amazing <3 it's fun and have a commedian actions witch will not make you feel bored while playing  xDit's Just AMAZING GAME <3
,Recommended,324800,26050978,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,leftSideJ,"This is EXACTLY what I was looking for. I've honestly been losing hope in games now a days, but this one didn't let me down. If you're a fan of shadow warrior 1's humor and have a love for blood and gore and just going HAM killing♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game is absolutley for you."
,Recommended,324800,26059246,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,gsza gRoTTo.oRc,"A hell a lot of fun. Melee combat is very satisfying. Excellent variety in weapons, abilities and enemies. If you are into first person shooters, you're practically guaranteed to have a heck of a time."
,Recommended,324800,26061371,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,The New Cashell,"This Game man, its good stuff. If you like games like Borderlands, Diablo, Warframe and Killing Floor, then this game will more than suit your interest!"
76561197973688926,Recommended,324800,26062647,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,喬治丶硬邦邦 George.Stiff,就喜欢这种“告诉我去哪里杀几只”的游戏！爽快！跑酷！打击感！组队！刷刷刷！！原生中文！！！没有！！！！！We need Chinese！
,Recommended,324800,26062806,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,MyLoveIsAStapler,10/10 Wangs out for Harambe
76561197971851327,Recommended,324800,26020423,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,"His Majesty, the Lord of Space",god damn this game is awesomefluid movement and fast paced gameplay meets the rpgish aspects of borderlands
,Recommended,324800,26020461,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,X_Pilot,"I played for a while and the game was too perfect. It runs smoothly, is funny a lot of the time and it is just straight up amazingly fun.I'd recommend buying it if you want a game sort of like DOOM but less grim and with more of a sense of humour.Great job devs!!!(Only Con is that there is no chat in game with the players :/ )"
,Recommended,324800,26020727,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Mydlak,"Amazing sequel to the first one. If you like classic FPS games like Serious Sam, DOOM, Duke Nukem - this game is just for you!"
,Recommended,324800,26021681,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Nikki_Putin,"Hilarious, gory, rich in gameplay, huge on content, wide on RPG elements, co-op includedSeriosuly, what else do you need for absolute fun?I should also mention, very well optimized with extremely rare (non game breaking) bugs, and an ""eh"" story, that's not totally bad but is still okay"
,Recommended,324800,26022992,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,coolf1r3,"This game is awesome. Blades, Guns, Energy blasts, and Wang.I seriously can't get enough Wang."
76561197965238976,Recommended,324800,26084396,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,KINP,I want more!! give me the DLC pleaseeeeeeeeee
,Recommended,324800,26123612,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Misfit410,"The Original Shadow Warrior (90's) was a guility pleasure, the Remake a few years back ended up being a pleasant surprise,but this game has gone all out taking elements of many of my favorite games (Borderlands, Doom 2016) and blending it into absolutel perfection.Not being a full priced game, you won't find a better value, especially if you're up for some fun coop."
76561198094301834,Recommended,324800,26124509,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Tacovendor,"At the time of writing this review i have 28 hrs into the game and have beaten it on insane difficulty.  I enjoy playing this game even after completing it i still go back and play it.  The combat feels great and chunky.  The loot system works well and the elemental system insures im not always using the same weapon.  Theres nice enemy variety too with a decent ai to back it up.  If u hide on a cliff above the enemy and shoot down at them they will either hop up to ur ledge to attack u or dig into the ground and come up behind u.  I've played shadow warrior 1 and i feel this is an excellent sequel to it.  I love the humor and the different response wang gives.The negatives i've seenSome of the enemies in the game seem very spongy.  I had an elite creature with the tags  power immune, physical resist, and hardened that i could barely scratch no matter what weapon or element i shot at him.  Eventually i got him down using a pistol doing headshots at like 9-16 damage a hit and went through like 60ish rounds.  He wasnt a special enemy he wasnt even the ""main"" enemy of the group he just for some reason or other wouldnt die.The other big problem i've had is randomly dashing or slipping off cliff edges.  Since i play on insane when i die all monster get full health and i lose all my fame (experience).  Thats extremely frustrating when i dash around and acidentally dash off a cliff to my death.  Theres no indicaters telling u thats a death cliff except the map which in the middle of a fight u cant always look at.  This becomes a real problem on the futuristic city map where theres ledges everywhere but the map is very dark so the only way to tell if ur ok to jump off the ledge is to walk up and look down.Overall I really enjoy this game and it was well worth the wait.  Despite some of the flaws i still highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,324800,26123274,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,YO_maN,absolutely epic
,Recommended,324800,26147571,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,BodyPolitic,"PC first, excellent optimizationbasically SW '13 turned up to 11"
,Recommended,324800,28043086,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,🐾 Happa,"This gives me both Shadow Warrior and Borderlands vibes... And I love it. There's RPG elements now such as loot and stats and elemental strengths/weaknesses... And plenty of upgrades and weapons to find and unlock! LOTS of weapons. Seriously. I saw someone online say it was somewhere in the 60s but I only have about 25 or so at the moment. There are also a lot of skills to find/unlock and level up with karma points.I started on hard difficulty so it's not too difficult but I can still get pretty decent loot. That ended up being the perfect balance of challenge and reward and I recommend playing on it from the start. If you start on normal or easy and find it's too easy, you can change difficulty but you'll still only get achievements from the lower difficulty.Exploration is important, as you can find lots of extra powerful enemies that can potentially drop new high-level upgrades, skills, or weapons.The game has a lot of different upgrades with different effects that can encourage specific builds, such as a Vanish and special attack melee build, or a movement speed-focused gun build, etc.Also, the chainsaw weapon is amazing. You get it pretty early and it's one of the most fun melee options. You can chop with it or move your mouse (or stick, I assume, if you're using a controller) to guide it around and cut enemies up.I really really love this game!"
,Recommended,324800,28507227,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,diblion,"Was surprised how good this game actually is. Gets better when playing further and getting new weapons and upgrades. Also higher difficulties made this game so much better (tactical instead of just point and shoot/slash). The humor also worked for me, but if you don´t like it you can easily just skip all the cut scenes, chats, etc.Amazing game play (both movement and fighting), great replay value, ton of LOOT and 2-4 player co-op. Ticks all the important boxes for me :)9+ / 10"
,Recommended,324800,29235611,Posted: 13 January,all,Lokaror,"Shadow warrior 2 is one of my favorite shooters in recent memory. The plot is kind of ho-hum but the writing is excellent. The gunplay, rpg mechanics and all the weapons are extremly well done, There was not one weapon i didnt like the feel of, even though some of them are just about as close to reskins with different stats as you can get. At some points the combat drags, and the ending was meh, but id whole heartedly reccomend 9/10"
,Recommended,324800,26052082,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Sasherz,"This Game Is Awesome!Before you play this game, I strongly sugest picking up the Shadow Warrior 1 Game, due to it have spoilers from that game.for such a low costly game, this is amazing, it puts alot of those tripple A games to shame.Graphic is butiful, world is amazing with its openworldnyness (yes I just made that word up so shush!)the humor is great to.ony few downsides is the puns the character makes, dont take me wrong, I love them, but I had the same pun in 5 times in a row, and that is the ONLY issuye I have with this game.I have not tryed the multiplayer, but I bet it would be as good as this game is.got tons of customizations for your guns, 3 slots to put gems to have diferent elemental dammage to your weapon.and it have tons of weapons, all from slash-you-in-half weapon to blow-your-entire-body-away weapons."
,Recommended,324800,26018256,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,o v r a y,"i was so ♥♥♥♥ing hyped for this game devs promessed so much and here it is. it's everything the first one was with a♥♥♥♥♥♥tons  more element, skills & weapons. you're free to explore levels before going for the missions objective just slicing shxt up! if you played and enjoyed the first one you'll definatly enjoy this one even more :DSTORY 10/10: slice♥♥♥♥♥♥up save the world and pull some joke every 5 seconds. the disrepect is real and true to the first oneGAMEPLAY 10/10: improved movement and dodge attack,♥♥♥♥♥♥tons of movement specific to each weapons, SUPER POWER!CONTENT 10/10: played for 2hours and already got 5 new cool weapon, a lot of gemmes and upgrade.GRAPHISM 9/10: could be better but still look great very colorfull and run smooth at 1080p60 ultra (gtx980).SOUNDTRACK 10/10: rock n roll metal and other well synchronized with gameplay ennemy and attack sounds are great!Overall 10/10 finally a game in 2016 who keep it's promesses, havn't got any season scam, run smooth at day one."
,Recommended,324800,26192663,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Tankcommander,"I sawed a demon's arm off with chainsaw, watched my incompotent friends jump off cliffs because they were moving too fast, and I found lots and lots of fortune cookies.Oh, and I have dual wield triple-barrel pistols that shoot exploding frost bullets, claws that impale enemies I hit on spikes, and a ice chaingun. And that's to say nothing of the plasma swords, automatic electric shotgun, and the grenade launcher that shoots 9 grenades out at a time."
,Recommended,324800,27018859,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Canarious,"Best for slicin, dicein, and chicken fried ricein!"
76561198021463031,Recommended,324800,26038796,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,OuchThatHurt,"Who wants some wang?This game is epic ... dual weilding pistols, SMG's and Katanas ...while slaying tron legacy rejects and hell spawn ...with Wang jokes.Loot system is a bit like Diablo 2/ boarder lands and plenty of pew pewing and chop chopping ... slick game play with some great optimisation."
76561198018910266,Recommended,324800,26044652,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Spirit of Madness,"This game is amazing, the main character is trolling ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and I love it, and the swordsmanship aspect of the game is my favorite, killed several hundred mutants, demons and cyborgs with a sword and never shot anyone with a gun, but there are tons of guns to choose from and spells too. This game gives you a choice of what to use to kill, almost anyone will find there favorite toy to cause a massacre."
,Recommended,324800,26046001,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Moonbug,"Great gameplay, Story was a little short for my taste."
,Recommended,324800,26121194,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Serious Pony,"Wang-tastic, old-school, dynamic and, oh my gosh, SO! MUCH! GORE! What's not to like? Easily one of the Top 3 games of this year for me."
76561198068221492,Recommended,324800,28039667,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ilegend,i just love it
,Recommended,324800,28278218,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,[CUNT] [SGT] [TED] [1337],"If i would say that i did not like this game, Then i would be ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ its hularious with an amazing combat sytem not to mutch money for  triple a game. And the characters oh the characters is amazing from funny to out right badass. Also it has a bigstorage of guns blades bows starts and evrything you could think of."
76561197974187890,Recommended,324800,26117692,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Soz,"Shadow Warrior 2 is a great game. Why is that?MOVEMENTThis game is clearly a gem because it has one of the best movement systems in any recent FPS game - and that includes DOOM. Never ever has hopping around a map felt so excitingly awesome - the dashing and double-jump system is the best I have ever encountered in any FPS game to date. Excellent job.COMBATCombat in this game is fast paced and gory. Enemies can be taken apart almost surgically, regardless whether you are using one of the dozens of guns or melee weapons - all types of FPS players will find something that appeals to them in the 60+ weapons arsenal.Shooting and slashin feels meaty, brutal and fluid - another excellent job here.PC FRIENDLYThe game is very PC friendly - it supports a wide array of configuration options and it also allows us to have up to eight active weapons. EIGHT. Once you experience this freedom of choice it's hard to go back to more conventional shooters that restrict our armament needlessly.Other devs should take note. This is what a PC game needs to offer in terms of options.GRAPHICSThe graphics overall are good. I like the lighting effects and the level graphics, but the character models (both enemies and NPCs) are not up to current standards. The facial animations are weird and generally characters do not feel very alive.LOOT MECHANICSShadow Warrior 2 has a basic loot system that helps to kepp players motivated by dropping a wide array of upgrades to be used on your various weapons, which all come with three upgrade slots. While the looting itself isn't spectacular the added customization of your character is a great addition that adds some more depth to the character development.COOPWhy don't all games have a coop mode like Shadow Warrior 2? It's easy, it's simple and it's tons of fun to play with your mates or some strangers.OVERALL VERDICTShadow Warrior 2 is a perfect blend of DOOM and Borderlands - it has fast-paced, fluid and flawless gameplay that keeps you engaged on its own and adds in some character progression, customization and tons of gameplay goodness. This feels like a game that has been made with a lot of care for the core areas: it runs smoothly, it has an appealing art style and the main gameplay is absurdly entertaining.This game was clearly made by people who love gaming. Go buy it."
76561198003231737,Recommended,324800,26025647,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Modsolar,โคตรมันส์ เล่น co-op ได้ 4 คน เกมดีทุกอย่าง แต่เม่รงจอยยากสัดๆ ต้องฟอเวิดพ๊อตเพื่อจอยกัน
,Recommended,324800,26025938,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,東方の黑猫✿,This game is WangTastic! 9.5/10what?you play this bi......game too?what a coincident.worth the money+ its CO - OP or Multiplayer!Bonus:Best photo mode ive ever seen
76561198050778987,Recommended,324800,26096176,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Ronin of Bu-SackNoodle,Game Devs have Shown Great honor! thank you for a fun♥♥♥♥♥game!
,Recommended,324800,26096817,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,ThatBloodyTommo,"Great game, definitely worth getting at this price!"
76561198003083391,Recommended,324800,26096550,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Raging_Matrix_,"Great game, good graphics and fun to play."
,Recommended,324800,28294150,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,raymaru,+best fps game 2016+porn dlc for free+arpg style ftwhere a short letz play of 1 of the 7  new trial maps:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pmF2BBXoq9k&feature=youtu.beNEED_NEED  more content plz:)
,Recommended,324800,26025874,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Chedfer,if you want complete carnage and ultimate gore you have come to the right place and now do it with your friends
,Recommended,324800,28262969,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Sable Wolf,Played for 15 minutes. Can already double jump and dash without having to wait for a stupid suit upgrade. 10/10
76561198010274260,Recommended,324800,26025812,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Omer Droub,"I HAVE A Shadow warrior 2013 , I HAVE A Borderlands .... HUH, Shadow warrior 2."
,Recommended,324800,26076476,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Mjuksel,"10/10 Would laugh about more d¡ck jokes.Epic game, coop is fun, could use slightly more d¡ck jokes."
,Recommended,324800,26026066,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Chaos Epoch [HAX],"It's a FPS that everyone else should be trying to make. It's fun, plain and simple.Knowledge of SW1 isn't really required to play this title, but it's still good to have anyway.The difficulty can be changed quite a bit. You can also do NG+, keeping all your skills and weapons.Weapon progression is marked by Gems found out in the wilderness, containers or from enemy drops. Meaning no weapon you find at level 25 will be better then level 1. These Gems do a mulitude of things, for example faster reloads or more damage.Wang somehow moves faster then Doomguy as well.Oh, and that title screen music is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic."
76561198035015119,Recommended,324800,26050432,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,pilot,flying wild hog.. you guys did it again!
,Recommended,324800,26040632,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,JangoJunkie,The movement speed of Shadow Warrior + the loot drops of Borderlands/Diablo + open areas to explore and kill enemies in = one hell of a fun game.  Add in incredible optimization and gorgeous graphics and this game is a definite buy!
76561198024720405,Recommended,324800,26057502,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Cythuh,"Pros: definitely has the WANG1.Gorgeous graphics2.very fluid gameplay3.love the snarky comments duringcombat/in game scenes4.love the melee/ranged/chi powercombat5.Dash feels great, from here to therefast as $%CKCons (not really)1. normal melee attacks (as in not acharged melee attack) feels useless.I am playing on [get some wang]difficulty..so most of the time a normalmelee attack means trading blows & notevery enemy just hits, some simply kickyou in the face if you get close, or aTalon will crush the life out of you, whileothers just parry a normal attack. A  heavier attack is needed for most enemies to do some real Dmg or knock them down.Otherwise this game is absolutely awesome..."
,Recommended,324800,28275552,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Google Spirit,"I loved Shadow Warrior and I love this game too, haven't finished it but it is so fun."
,Recommended,324800,31910352,Posted: 22 May,all,i_throw_rocks_at_retarded_kids,"Awesome game for anyone who wants an action packed, gory, fps, and swordsmanship game. Loads of different monsters to kill, different characters and special powers, awesome weapons, very decent grapics, and cool sound track! Some people might say that it gets a bit repetitive, but hey, some people even say that gta 5 is repetitive lol"
,Recommended,324800,27265637,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Knob,"This game is some bomb♥♥♥♥♥♥It's fast-paced, addictive, and colorful."
,Recommended,324800,26027656,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Lucas_A.C.1,"Absolute waste of money..... buying any other game but this. It's worth its weight in gold (lol the hard copy of course). Ok crap analogy but and absolutely awesome game. I'm blown away by the effort put into this from the devs. In my eyes they've outdone themselves. Don't buy it because you like any similar games like borderlands, or doom. Buy it because you are about to go broke and get evicted and your practically homeless and this game is the light at the end of the tunnel, but you still have $40 in your bank account. Sell your house if need be to buy the game, trust me it's wang-tastic."
,Recommended,324800,28302430,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Godking Wanhope,"Word of warning: if you're expecting a game that is mechanically the same as the first game, this is not for you. However, if you're looking for more Wang and gratuitous violence, this is DEFINITELY for you! The game feels like the first, but with different powers, more weapons, and more enemies to slice/shoot/explode into tiny little fleshy pieces.Story-wise, this is also pretty good. I'll say that your new companion is nowhere near as good as Hoji, but there's more banter with more characters, which is nice."
,Recommended,324800,26017904,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Gabber,"One of the biggest surprises of 2016. After so many failures, this game feels very refreshing and the quality of gameplay is really good!"
,Recommended,324800,26107195,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,oMoH31,10\10
,Recommended,324800,27207565,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,xXPu$$y$l4y3rHDXx,Amazing game with amazing weapons and ofc Lo Wang.
,Recommended,324800,29706499,Posted: 4 February,all,D2.Edge  [ENG],"great game, coop works wonders aside from a few connection issues after a few hours, missions are good and full of action packed into each one although some missions may be recycled a bit too much in the game like getting a key card 4-5 times.only big issue i have with the game is how quick the ending goes ;(gameplay- excellentgraphics-excellentvoice acting-hillariouscombat-wangderful (sorry im bad at puns)"
,Recommended,324800,26539170,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Metal Man,"If the first game was mimicking Duke Nukem 3D, then this one is mimicking the Borderlands series. Still a great game to play so far."
76561197970570769,Recommended,324800,26066784,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Godsend,I had been waiting for this game for ages and it doesn't disappoint. i feel that the fusion of deadpool humor with first person hack and slash is one of a kind in this genre.Hopefully there is an expansion for SW2 coming soon !
,Recommended,324800,29805223,Posted: 9 February,all,SawZ,"Fun game, sword and gunplay feels satisfying, gore is great, visuals are stunning. The loot system is confusing at first, but you get used to it. Frequent updates and fixes. Skill system is balanced. Good replayability due to loads of different difficulties and the Co-Op mode. Did not regret buying this at release."
,Recommended,324800,26034180,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Cuban Propaganda,"tl;dr - Just amazing everything i hoped for when i saw the first trailer, and everything it showed up to release."
,Recommended,324800,28516998,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,DangerTharp,"I have a Black Widow Chroma keyboard.....Upon loading it lit up the w...a...n...and g keys  automatically. It's the little things....Also, it's very very fun."
,Recommended,324800,27098964,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,seo0___2,gud gameno comms in multiplayer = sad lyf tho
,Recommended,324800,33074826,Posted: 1 July,all,DarthYakuza,"So much fun, I enjoyed every moment while playing this game.There are plenty of weapons that can be used in any style you like: swords, pistols, machine guns, etc."
76561197988823556,Recommended,324800,32771539,Posted: 25 June,all,Libla,"I DO and DON'T recommend this game.From the below you can read my thoughts about the game.I would recommend this if you like:- Borderlands 2- almost open world but not quite- solid controls- weapon/skill modding like hell- looting and little bit more _looting_- inappropriate humour- co-op fpsI wouldn't recommend this if you like:- old school level design (maybe the most important thing for single player campaign)- original shadow warrio game (1997) -> get the Shadow Warrior (2013) if you haven't already ;)- limited accessoriesOpen word:Shadow Warrior 2 isn't the same thing than the first modern Shadow Warrior. Great graphics, solid controls and versatile enemies. Anything is kind of right but still there are some things that doesn't kind of fit in the picture.Dragon Mountain and teleporting:The game has some kind of ""home area/town"" where you can buy ammo and stuff. The weird part is that you can teleport there during the mission. The first part had great level design. You really didn't need to access shop during the level and I think that you really shouldn't need that. It kill the flow, destroys the immersion of the level. Maybe this has been done for Co-op to balance players equipment during mission.RPG/looting/etc.:Shadow Warrior 2 has loads of more RPG elements in it. Not really that what I expected for old school fps successor (like the first one was). Lots of looting and lots of weapon modding. Different power ups like fire, poison etc. familiar stuff from RPGs.Levels:Levels are wide almost open world levels. There are some old school design elements like keys.__Menus are a mess__ UI design looks like it was made cheap and fast. The first one had better UX design.Dying/Challenge (Thanks for stephenronline about corrections):If you die during the mission you automatically spawn again to the nearest checkpoint (not far where you were). You will lose your karma (level up progress) and shadow fury but you wont lose your money. Maybe dying should punish you little bit more. Max out the difficulty you won't lose a lot if you die.Overall:Shadow Warrio 2 is mix of old school action and Borderlands series. I would rather take stricter level design and less menus. But I would still recommend it. It is still Shadow Warrior and there really isn't too much co-op fps games around. I prefer Shadow Warrior 2013. This sequel isn't exactly the shadow warrior I would like to see. Nevertheless it is a impressive game that has lots of content."
,Recommended,324800,29728380,Posted: 5 February,all,j3nda_,"Neon-DOOMish-Warrior 2Its a great co-op game imo, I had a lot of fun playing it with my friend.Great animations and great variations of weapon/swords, so you will not be slicing with only one sword.Also a good story that is not so serious (There are a lot of PUNs an jokes) which makes it a good gameBuy it if you can, Its a lot of FUN."
76561198005919137,Recommended,324800,32921096,Posted: 28 June,all,Provoker,"Wanna get some Wang time with your friends and enjoy carnage, wanging, politically incorrect sense of humor and more Wang? this is for you"
,Recommended,324800,28274076,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Acil,"This game is like a mix of Doom and Borderlands. Unlike borderlands the quests are fun, combat is fun, and the weapons are more fun to use."
,Recommended,324800,32967726,Posted: 28 June,all,Yigitsai,I just played 30 minutes and I am impressed and wang is funny as ♥♥♥♥ tho
,Recommended,324800,30630850,Posted: 20 March,all,essfah,This game has done wonders for my PMS.
,Recommended,324800,28327519,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Raza,i preffered the 1st ones sword buttons 1st 1 u could use 2 buttons/keys to use sword here it one and oither one for special attacks only thing i dont like about this game
76561198095096534,Recommended,324800,32988513,Posted: 29 June,all,Jay,"Enjoyed the first one, really recommend the 2nd one, fun hack & slash shooter."
76561198020598179,Recommended,324800,27281550,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,( ; . ;),It's WangTime
76561197974087468,Recommended,324800,26060571,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,fluffybird,Havnt had so much fun since shadow warrior 1!
76561198048848795,Recommended,324800,26061885,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Kellen____,"The Good:Combat variationFluid and fun movementGraphics5% of the humorThe Bad:UI could use a bit of streamliningToo many useless weapon mods and time spent managing inventoryThe Ugly:95% of the humorAll in All:This game is super fun while in combat. Switching between weapons very quickly while flying around the map and destroying everything is great. Weapon modification and inventory is fun, but could use a bit of cleaning up. Less and higher quality weapon mods would be a good place to start, I think. The humor is pretty cringeworthy. Most jokes fall flat, but there are a few laughs. Graphics look great and the game runs perfectly on my machine.This amount of fun was definitely worth the price of admission, and I'd happily throw another $30-$50 for some QUALITY additional content. Would also like to see some more customization while playing with friends."
,Recommended,324800,26060719,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Diamser,"I had a few doubts with Shadow Warrior 2 going into it however after playing through these concerns were quickly cleaned up.Firstly i was concerned with weapons with seeing the damage numbers i believed it would have me changing weapons every mission for better weapons however this wasnt the case, while there are of course be weapons objectively better as you progress through the game it wasnt such a problem as some weapons have special attributes which would entice you to stick with them.Continuing on from the scale damage weapons i was also concerned with the scaling of enimies thinking they would become nothing more than bullet sponges however this again was not the case, they stayed similar however they do have special attributes which would make you plan out how to versus each enemy.The upgrade system is fairly good with upgrades being fairly meaningful and can heavily change how you play which can fit your playstyle."
,Recommended,324800,26050849,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Rowr,"Well this is a welcome suprise - this is the most fun i've had with a shooter in like 10 years.This game makes the majority of shooters in the modern era just look bad.Takes the best elements of lichdom battlemage and borderlands. If you are into some depth in your shooters and weapon customisation (and you should be) this game is for you.Some self serious people with little confidence in their own sense of humour won't appreciate the dialogue and characterisation. I've found it relaxed and refreshing - it's honestly nice to have a first person character with voiced lines for a change, just go with it. Hey if it does bother you, cutscenes are skippable. This game is really about the combat."
,Recommended,324800,26127739,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Iconic,"I was extremely satisfied with this game. So satisfied that I played for nearly 12 hours straight. The progression curve was good but normal mode may be a bit too easy for experienced gamers. My only complaint would be random glitches, such as losing my end game boss loot after the end credits.  The frame rate rarely got too choppy for me, and it's a good looking game, but a bit busy on screen.Voice acting and cut scenes 10/10Entertainment value 10/10Soundtrack 10/10Fighting system 9/10Graphics 8/10"
,Recommended,324800,26952701,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Shifterneos,A fun continuation of the recent Shadow warrior reboot. The game play was very satisfying however the upgrade system could be a bit overwelming when you've collected hundreds of upgrades. Great variety in weapons and the game actually became difficult when playing with friends on the highest difficulty.
76561198083196780,Recommended,324800,26959114,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,WyZyPy,Osem game.
76561198130053901,Recommended,324800,26961786,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jesus Christ,"great port, good fun, relatively cheap. Highly recommend"
,Recommended,324800,26942791,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PlayStoned,Finally I found a game which makes fun again. It comes with much... humor and shows the developers had fun creating this game. The Story and side quests are over average and funny to play. The dialoges are great. The combat system is balanced. Personaly the game is maybe a bit too easy (Sadly this seems to became a trend in the games industry). The multiplayer is a good feature. The only problems with this game are the framedrops of body parts glitched into textures and a bug i experienced by joining a friends game while being in a boss fight. I was still in the arena but the boss was gone (started a new story which fixed this problem). All in all this is one of the best games i played this year. I can recommend this game specially  for players with a fast play style.
,Recommended,324800,26952592,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DaTanks,Its got the wang 10/10
76561198015198395,Recommended,324800,26953061,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Joshthunder2,"I loved the first game, and this is a really good improvement. Just needs a end game thing to do like a survival mode that you can do online with frineds or randoms."
76561198076609422,Recommended,324800,26223355,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,SheKratos,Good ol' crude humor and so many weapons to upgrade and never get bored of!I'd suggest this to anyone who has a sense of humor and loves fast paced action!
76561198081324652,Recommended,324800,26040097,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Serpico,It's like Borderlands combined with Warframe.10/10
,Recommended,324800,26040082,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,RKezizz,"Everything about this game is absolutely satisfying, its hard to describe. Without a doubt, one of my favorites of the year."
76561198004454631,Recommended,324800,31904380,Posted: 22 May,all,Addzi,"What a game! This one seriously flew under my radar.I haven't played co-op yet, so I won't mention that below.PROSIt's a melee-heavy FPS, with randomised loot akin to Borderlands or Diablo. Excellent variety in upgrades and weapons.Combat is visceral and made me feel like a ninja badass. Plenty of variety in moves and strategy.Some of the voice work is genuinely funny, and I liked Lo Wang and the supporting characters a lot.Good variety in difficulty levels. I really like how the easiest setting explains that sometimes it's okay to put it on easy after a hard day at work. Sometimes you just want to feel like a superhero. It's a nice attitude change from the slightly-elitist Souls-like games.Great value for money with plenty of side missions to keep you busy for 20-30 hours, with a decent main campaign lasting around 12-15 hours.Runs at 60 fps on my 5-year-old rig, only using a 750 Ti as well. Obviously I needed to make some settings tweaks to achieve that. Game looks great and plays responsively.Playing with a PS4 controller, Lo Wang is fluid and responsive, with only a few hiccups with climbing occasionally. Considering the mental amount of physics in the game, I'm surprised there aren't more bugs. This is how FPS swordfighting should feel. (I'm looking at you, Elder Scrolls.)CONSMusic is a bit understated. Some good themes, but nowhere near as good as Doom or Killing Floor 2, unfortuately. It wasn't bad, it's just that some heavier music could have really amped up some of the battles.Load times are a bit annoying, especially if you're retrying trials. However, I do have an old machine. It wasn't GTA V bad, but it was noticeable.SUMMARYA definite recommendation. A game that - refreshingly - puts fun above challenge and cinematic flair. It's brutal, bloody and funny. It's refreshing.I bought SW2 on sale for £20, and the value here is surprising. Plenty of replayability, some genuine fun, empowerment and satisfaction in the combat, as well as a constant sense of humour. It's probably the most 'fun' game I've played since Prototype or GTA V.If you like chopping people up with swords, you can't get much better than this."
76561197991565861,Recommended,324800,31912268,Posted: 22 May,all,supacrazee,♥♥♥♥ing sick
76561198024732931,Recommended,324800,26022160,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,DeathWing.Belial,"this is the first day it came out and its already overwelmingly postive <cant say that for any other game really.. so buy it.only buy if, you like anything and everything.So its like thisDo you like bloodDo you like SwordsDo you like GunsDo you like hack n.slashDo you like RPGDo you like Bad wordsDo you like SingingDo you like CrazyDo you like Crazy WomenDo you like WangAnd do you like Wang singing while saying bad words around a crazy chick out of hate i think, and not getting payed enough...If you sayed yes to any of the above then BUY NOWIf none of it sounds like a thing your interested in then TOO BAD Mother Flopper. Your BUYING IT, It might sound unfair but so is life and the election going on right now :P  Wang helps you forget...."
,Recommended,324800,26221579,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Jesse,"Enjoyed the game. I Wouldn't mind if this franchice continues on, like Wolfenstein.Boss fights were boring.Quest hub was lifeless and empty.I wish it had more explicit content. Stripper poles with no girls? Talk of sex taps with no footage?Shadow Warrior should be more than graphic, it should be obcene!"
76561198214401253,Recommended,324800,31925886,Posted: 23 May,all,顾奈,好玩是好玩，就是没中文
,Recommended,324800,26059569,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,StormDestroyer,Great game for any fps gamer. Best game of 2016. Coop is very enjoyable with friends.
,Recommended,324800,26017724,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,TomⒶrky,I feel as overpowered as Genji :D
76561197972127655,Recommended,324800,26026258,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,SoftBonez,"I was expecting a linear FPS like the last Shadow Warrior game that I really liked. This is more like Shadow Warrior + Borderlands... You have missions and side missions to accomplish, you loot new upgrades for yourself and your weapons, loot new weapons, gold. Have stores to buy♥♥♥♥♥♥from. good stuff.That being said, I really really like it. I love messing around with the weapons and upgrading them. Combat is fun, all the wang jokes are there, a lot of blood and mayhem..Will prolly write an actual review later.Or maybe not. I love the game thus far. Buy it."
,Recommended,324800,26059965,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Jamie,"I dont know how they did it, but they made this game look so high detailed and the graphics are amazing...But at the same time the game runs beautifuly even for ♥♥♥♥♥♥ computers. I would pay double the original price for this game. dont wait for a sale. Buy it. Right now stop wasting your time going through the reviews"
,Recommended,324800,26060269,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Uneazy,"Easily my favorite game this year. I played some of the original, and most of the remake and enjoyed those, but this game I really had fun with.1.It's $30-40 for the FULL GAME with no BS microtransactions, no BS DLC, no BS ""season pass"" that lazy trash developers owned by their publishers/investors continue to spew out that nobody wants.2.It's got a good amount of weapons/combinations that keep the game fun and make multiple playthroughs worthwhile. Also has skills/level system.  (Finished the game first run normal difficulty in 24 hours).3.IT RUNS PERFECTLY FINE AND ISNT A TRASH PC PORT (GTX 960 4gb/i5)aka a ♥♥♥♥ing miracle these days"
,Recommended,324800,26061165,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Sparkie,This game is amazing!Just as fun as the first one and looks awesome.♥♥♥♥♥♥60$ games like mafia 3 look like trash compared to this one. Highly recommend.
76561198197085645,Recommended,324800,29855532,Posted: 11 February,all,Diablos_Gaming,Amazing game. The story was great and the mechanics and combat are really fun. Do yourself and this developer a favor and BUY THE GAME
,Recommended,324800,26115816,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,[MLM] MeingroessterFan,"Aight. Let's draw some comparisons, shall we?What Shadow Warrior 2 does better than its predecessor:- more sprawling, non-linear levels- bigger and better weapon variety- Sword skills are less clumsy to execute- Enemy variety is ten times better- Minibosses- Optional side missions- Lo Wang got better jokesWhat it did worse:- You can't check a weapon's clip anymore by reloading while full ;_;- Kamiko doesn't quite reach Hoji's sass levels, but she puts in a good effort- Boss battles are not quite as interestingWhat it did better than Borderlands, since the comparison is inevitable:- Firarms are just too boring! I don't even feel like I'm fighting! Close combat, yes!! That's more my style!!! - Gilgamesh- The player character actually has personality- The weapon modding thing is ten times less obnoxious than having to pick up new weapons every two levelsAnd let's not forget that THIS is the final boss theme:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jSv1xykar4AThis it GOTY material right here.Suck it, TB."
76561197973616173,Recommended,324800,29843354,Posted: 11 February,all,rosshaslett,"When this first came out I marked it as not interested because of the trailer; it made it look like a fighting game. One of my mates said ""not so"" so I gave it a shot. I am so glad that I did. The controls are so easy to use (PC) and the progression through the story (yes there is one) is great as are the weapons. Nothing is really overpowered so you do have to think about a bit of strategy but it will not stretch you too far. I say this to the developers ""WHERE IS NUMBER THREE"". I have over 100h in this game and that is just the single player missions. Love it to death."
,Recommended,324800,26107617,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Sheriff of Suckin U Off,"Hub world is a bit unnecessary. Also when you have for an enemy like the yakuza, It'd be nice to have some variation in the more boss type ones, not just being on fire or being toxic. That being said, gameplay is extremely fun. Who doesn't like chopping demons in two? 8/10"
76561197961745827,Recommended,324800,26172703,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Jambot,"+Story/Humor and voice acting is quite funny at least i enjoyed it+Lots of weapons for Lo Wang to dismember with+Environments, lighting and particles all look great+Music is good and done well-Bullet sponge while improved with balance changes still exists-Repetativeness really starts to show and the amount of grind is unreal*No Longer Issues (Fixed in recent patch)Bad Performance runs even worse with new patchNot balanced at all upgrades don't do much against elites/superiors on higher difficultys insane 31/51+Overall, I think the game is rather fun and enjoyable even though it's not near as good as the first Shadow Warrior, but the recent patch ruined it for me and the experience.*Update as of 10/26: The new patch fixed some of the bad performance and balance issues in which now make the game more playable and fun! I have updated my review."
,Recommended,324800,26183038,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Wavy Jetson,"The co-op didn't really live up to my expectations but still a great game overall. I really enjoy the combat, heaps of weapons, the skills and the replayability is good aswell. There's alot of upgrades even with all the weapons holding 3 gems each. I still feel overwhelmed with the amount of gems and is a bit time consuming finding the best combo possible. There were a few issues with the co-op but they seem to be patched out, atleast for me. The story is a bit short and the side mission are the same maps as the story mission but the maps are quite big and I havn't memorized them completely after about 50hrs in the game. They added 3 insane difficulties to add to the replayability. I feel like they will continue to add more features in the future."
76561197996668561,Recommended,324800,26075568,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,xedemx,You'll get a real wang for your buck!
,Recommended,324800,26075614,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Bonzi Buddy,The shotgun reload animation is the best♥♥♥♥♥♥in this world.
76561198146556724,Recommended,324800,26075806,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,BLACKhawk1243,There's just too much wang for you to handle!
,Recommended,324800,26022607,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,papalazarou,"If your looking for a deep story driven game , go elsewhere, this game is about intense evisceration and blowing the crap out of people and demons in a cavalcade of blood and gore.  All this excitement takes place amongst some incredibly beautiful levels. To make things even better it has a lexicon of weapons at your disposal.  The whole carnage is nicely accompanied by excellent music and effects. 10/10  an arcade classic"
76561198045991284,Recommended,324800,26022284,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Jonnysahn,"Amazingly fun video game. If you are a fun of fast pace shooters, you will love this game!"
76561197984982680,Recommended,324800,26035634,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,War-Angel,Feel like borderland on steroid  with more blood and better weapon feeling.
,Recommended,324800,26060323,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,"Kim, The Schwifty",This game is quite addictive. I was skeptical when I heard about the arpg elements and precedural generation but this game is great.
,Recommended,324800,34537945,Posted: 27 August,all,CUDGEdaveUK,"A wonderful game.Plenty of weapons and upgrades as well as skill points,And a suprisingly interesting story.Also,the graphics are fantastic (Although charater faces are awful) and there is plenty of gore! And nevermind the whining snowflakes  moaning about the humour,it is effing hilarious!10.10"
,Recommended,324800,31872694,Posted: 20 May,all,RobotHotSauce,"This game is polished so well. Better than most AAA games now a days. The graphics are unreal firstly. Very well put goether. The movement in combat sort of reminds me of warframe if it was in first person. You really are a ninja in the game. The humor is good too. Protaganist is a♥♥♥♥♥♥on purpose and sarcastic toward the whole situation he is put in. Its a flavour of pecismistic optimism. Fighting is really rewarding and fast paced. Too bad this game doens't have pvp because it would be rediculous. Though its single player only with coop so thats plenty for me. No always online is a plus.Game has a mix of borderlands/diablo style loot system that you can modify weapons with. Weapons btw they are really carefully designed and all of them feel fun. Downside looks like. I'm already 18% through. Looks like there are many difficulties including an insanity difficulty that is tiered 1,2,3,etc. Similar to diablo 3's torment levels I would think.This game is under rated."
,Recommended,324800,29677970,Posted: 3 February,all,T²squared,"The hardest part of this game is deciding on which of the quotes to use for this review.My personal favorite:""The way of the Wang is long, hard, and ribbed for her pleasure"""
76561198111658363,Recommended,324800,26107425,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Purin,"This game is simply awesome. When we are completely screwed in the year of 2016 by lies and failed launches, Shadow Warrior 2 delivers.- Intense fast pace and smooth combat- GOD OPTIMIZATION- insane graphics- Not a failed launch- Really great loot, level up and combat systems."
,Recommended,324800,26109845,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Durandle,"TL;DR; It's fun, it's bloody, it's bloody fun! Just lacking in story/character/mission department.Chop chop chop chop chop BOOM BANG SPLUTCH! Yes, the melee combat in this game is amazing, the gun play is fun and the movement is excellent. You play this game for the combat, because the story and character is basically missing this time around.I would have prefered a designed linear shooter, I'm not a fan of the ""Pick a Mission / Zone"" layout of the game, it just doesn't *feel* like you're progressing through a game narative, and the missions amount to MMO style fetch quests.It's a shame because the first Shadow Warrior (Remake) was a real hidden gem, with a surprisingly good story and character development, better than most games around at the time, and Hoji made a *MUCH MUCH* better companion, with much funnier banter."
76561197992905271,Recommended,324800,26038318,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Spiffn,Awesome!
,Recommended,324800,26046444,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Clint Eastwood,this game is absolutely awesome
76561197964877303,Recommended,324800,26084125,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,LuC4Sh,"4 hrs into the gameand i must say i think it is really worth the price.nice graphics, nice gameplay.friends of borderlands/warframe etc will love it.guns, ninja swords, aliens, magic, hacking, slashing, gunfire , skill points, upgrades....what you want more?oh right, awesome humor Ala duke nukem/borderlands!and i didn't even scratch the surface (18% of normal difficulty story)Multiplayer worked flawlessly since day 14 difficulty lvl as far as I have seen,  for replayability and equipment farming.(more difficult, more bonuses)(I barely play SP games , so I cant compare it to SP games that match this game)For 36€ day 1 release, grab 1-3 friends and enjoy, or wait for discount."
76561198046389838,Recommended,324800,26038241,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,young empty head,this game is so fun it should be illegal.it also runs like butter and it's gorgeous.
76561198136783560,Recommended,324800,26084250,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,R.U.S.T.,amazing. best co op fun you can have.
,Recommended,324800,26035375,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,chikin lover,Loving the quick-paced combat.♥♥♥♥♥♥s crazy.
,Recommended,324800,26035126,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Mordant221,"I've had an amazing experience so far, so much so that I've dropped other games that I've been playing so I could have more time to enjoy this title.The fast paced gameplay, addictive customization, stunning visuals, and hilarious one-liner's have kept me very entertained for the past 7hrs and I can't wait to go back to it all tomorrow.This game is a steal, literally. Worth more than what they're asking for imo."
,Recommended,324800,26063757,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Sex With A Sandwich,"Excelent game! You are missing out if you have yet to purchase this game.-The graphics are amazing, period. Some textures fall a bit behind but you'd hardly ever notice unless you go looking.-Lighting and colors are fantastic, very vibrant-Overall detail and artwork of the maps are beautiful, very well crafted-The guns and swords are plentiful and different in their own ways, all kickass-4-way Coop is a blast with friends as you go around f*cking Sh*t up non-stop-Enemies sometimes feel a bit like a bullet-sponge, but they are all cool looking and a challenge to fight-Movement is very clean and fast, think of it as a fine blended mix of DOOM and Warframe-Upgrade system is great, tons of options. Though slightly overwhelming, the amount of pickups is a bit high and I wish they were better organized versus a long list and you could compare/contrast upgrades side by side or the game would tell you if you had a better version of an upgrade.Gets a solid 8/10 from me. The devs really slipped a great and VERY well priced game into the lackluster market of other games you would find. Would play with my Wang all day."
76561197961733750,Recommended,324800,26106620,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,F B Kingsley,fun.
76561198142989260,Recommended,324800,34538281,Posted: 27 August,all,PuppyKnuckle,lol it's so so good. It's cheesy as hell but the gameplay is fast and ridiculous.10/10 would Lo-Wang again.
,Recommended,324800,26042759,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,dbPieter,"They took a risk making this game, but I love the result."
,Recommended,324800,26107200,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,BLØRG,"This is not a shadow warrior sequel. This is a looter-shooter (borderlands) with a terrific shadow warrior theme.If you like finding tons of loot, and min-maxing weapons, and enemies with damage resistances, you'll love this game.If you don't like borderlands, or ARPG's then do not pick up this game, even if you love shadow warrior to death. The 'theme' is fantasic but the looting has the possibility to overide all other enjoyment you get from this game.The game runs terrific, buttery smooth.The game is beautiful, the screenshots are accurate.Animations are awesome, wacky reloading.Lo Wang is Lo Wang, perfect cheesy lines, everything you want in a Lo Wang.I like it, but I like min-maxing and looter-shooters.a pity that the loot isnt optional though."
,Recommended,324800,26042642,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,HollowHeart21,"This game.....where do I begin. I've only got about 4 hours invested and I'm SUPER HOOKED. If you love fast paced action, hack n' slash, beautiful graphics (Even optimized for low end systems.) Gore, HUGE sense of perverted humor, vast weapon selection, semi-free roam, then this game is for you. The♥♥♥♥♥♥the main protagonist sais has me laughing every few minutes. Job well done!"
,Recommended,324800,26155064,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,ZoroDaOtter,"Pros:*Large amounts of customization, there's a weapon for every style of gameplay from hit-and-run to spray n' pray.*Runs great even on older systems (i7 860 / GTX 760).*Fast-paced.*More Wang.Cons:*While most of the game looks great, the human models look like something torn out of a PS2 game.*Voice-acting ranges from great to terrible.*Story pacing is wonky.*Boss fights aren't very good and amount to pointing your gun in the giant monster's general direction and shoot."
,Recommended,324800,26022938,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Kobura v4.0,"This has been a fantastic game.Pros:- High FPS (i7 4770k, GTX 980 4gb, etc. No stuttering, no pausing, clear as day, high 100+ fps)- Lo Wang, missed this guy- Classic One-Liners- Fun gameplay- Gear and weapons are fun to upgrade and collect. It's been said a number of times before, very Borderlands-ish.Cons:- Nothing so far, but I'm wondering how varied the gear can be.I've yet to see any graphical issues, or stuttering, and honestly I've been enjoying the game thoroughly."
,Recommended,324800,34440078,Posted: 23 August,all,Garble Master,"Way over the top and ridiculous, but that's kind of the point. The amount of mobility you have as a player is amazing. Enemies could be a little more varied but with how much fun it is to dismantle them with all the different weapons it really doesn't matter. Might struggle to run the game on low-mid range machines but if you can, it's totally worth it.8.5/10 The story isn't anything special but god damn is it fun killing stuff."
,Recommended,324800,26084633,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Fedora,"*NOT COMPLETE REVIEW*From what I've played so far this game is very good. It's very different from the first game, as this is much more open world than the linear story style of the first game. This game has a loot system, where you find different upgrades for you weapons including more damage, elemental damages, fire rate, and other upgrades. It also has a drop in/drop out multiplayer system where you can find games with up to 4 playres, and are sorted by dificulties going from easy, normal, hard, and very hard. The game also has aparantly 70 guns, some you can either buy from stores in game, or you can get randomly, or scripted, by enemies. The movement mechanics are perfect. Theres no stamina bar, so your able to jump and dash around enemies to jump in, deal damage, and jump out without taking any yourself. Combat is well done as well, it seems that enemies dont scale to levels, and instead only scale to the difficulty, meaning that leveling up is just for obtaining skills.  I have only run into a few visual bugs and one major bug, props glitching into each other or being able to see under the map in some spots, and a major bug being that my friend had gotten stuck inside of a rock, with the only fix being to cancel the quest we were on and going onto a different one, which changed which map we would play on.I plan to update the review as I get farther in the game, but so far its a fun smooth game."
,Not Recommended,324800,26059791,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Rokk,"The single player is good, but the co-op aspect is half the reason I bought this game in the first place. And unfortunately, co-op falls short.Joining a game is unnecessarily difficult, there is no real server browser or proper ""friends-only"" support.Quest progression isonlysaved for the host. This also means clients won't get Orbs of Masamune from quests. Clients have to either keep playing with the same host all the time, or keep separate characters for single player. Since you can't assign labels to characters, this becomes confusing very quickly.Clients can now finally buy items from shops. But thanks to the lack of quest progression, they can't actuallybuyany weapons, other than the four choices that you start with. Clients are entirely at the mercy of the host when it comes to quest rewards.Certain ""unique"" quest rewards are only available for the host, such as the Blade of Exile.TheONLYthing they did right about the co-op, is the instanced loot. No more fighting over loot like in Borderlands. Unfortunately, this doesn't outweigh the many,manyissues that plague the game's multiplayer.Optimization is also badly done. For a game which lookspretty good, it should not run so badly."
,Recommended,324800,27597472,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ιяσи,Good fun ! Also great graphics !
,Recommended,324800,26095715,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,skeeterdav2002,"Can't get enough Wang! Love, Love this game and franchise. Again, why can't some of these BIG studios get their act together? This is the kind of gane that I will probably play over and over again. Runs smooth as butter, full screen ~ 90-60 FPS with a GTX 970 FTW. Of course the Wang jokes abound and has made me laugh out load quite a few times. Just fun to take out the day's frustration on some really ugly creatures. Keep it up Wild Hog, you got a great thing going!"
76561197993298340,Recommended,324800,26110018,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Serpico [Over 9000],This game is a bloddy hilarious ride. I don't even think of the actual name of the game anymore. I just call it The Way of the Wang.....it's long and hard.It looks fantastic. The music is excellent. And it will make you laugh. Fart jokes and♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes just have yet to get old in this game. The weapon choices are not only cool but funny too due to the names. Lots of homages to other movies and such at times. You can build your character in different ways as well. You can really make a character that fits your playstyle.Play it and get ready to Wang Chung tonight.
76561198135421095,Recommended,324800,26110246,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Ser Jacob,Never thought i could love WANG this much!
76561198113610304,Recommended,324800,26110630,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,SPRQS,"I'm about half way through the story, which i just skipped over the entire time. You'll probably want to do the same, because it is done very poorly. But, that is totally fine, because the combat is the best I have ever played in a video game. I'd say you will probably get about 20-30 hours out of this game before it starts to get boring. but that is okay in my opinion for the price.If you like fps games, this is a must buy. Best fps of 2016 without a doubt."
76561198041194259,Recommended,324800,26077761,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Tridave,The combat is very fun. The guns and enemies are varied and creative.
76561197963248804,Recommended,324800,26111113,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Souless,"Pre-ordered the game when it was available. Own the first game and had full confidence with this release! I have not beat the game, but I am having a blast with this sequel! Love how you get to choose your style of gameplay - Melee or ranged or a mix of both! ( oh magic too!) - very nice challenge."
,Recommended,324800,26058491,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Timeshock,"I didn't know what to think when I heard this was going from the deep and extroardinarily fun single player FPS in Shadow Warrior to a borderlands/diablo2 type of shooter...Now I think ITS AWESOME!!! So much fun and I barely scratched the surface. Nothing like climbing up onto a tall building, pulling out a bow you just found from a unique enemy, and picking off your quest objective and all the minions guarding him while they jump and climb to reach you! Also...kill the bunnies so you may face the legendary bunny lords!(yes this is an actual thing in the game and they drop awesome loot)"
76561198042027253,Recommended,324800,26110021,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Jaidinator,"I went into this game expecting something similar to Borderlands....and that is absolutely correct. The humor and loot n shoot esque style, use of a simplistic skill and leveling system, fast travel, and 4 player CO-OP, is totally Borderlands, and I love it. The gameplay overall sort of reminds me of DOOM 2016 with it's fast paced action and the ability to move around very quickly. The use of gems/artifacts or whatever is also reminiscent of Diablo III, as well as the use of fast travel and loot, and skills. I like the way the controls are too, how you can conveniently switch back to previous melee weapons or ranged weapons, plus the ability to jump, double jump, dash, sprint, etc etc. This all makes me feel like I have full control of the character and allows for fluent and fun gameplay. While this game does seem to draw influences from a lot of other games, it still manages to stand on it's own and feel original, and new. The only reason this game is receiving negative reviews is due to the drastic gameplay change from the first game, while I understand where people are coming from, I think it's great the Dev's are experimenting, It's good to switch things up or else it will get boring. Either way, I feel that this game is an underrated masterpiece, and regardless of were the series goes next, I have already become a life long fan. I wish there was a ""must play"" option for reviews cause no title fits this game any better."
,Recommended,324800,26110036,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,A Pronounced Rhythm,"The Good:-Gameplay, which in a game like this, is key.  You are faster, stronger and you can dash all the time.  It doesn't get old.-Lovely, lovely weapons.  Sure, you'll get a stinker here and there, but you'll get to the point where you want to use all of them, all the time.-You'll get overwhelmed with loot almost immediately.The Meh:-Loot can be underwhelming, as it comes to upgrades for your weapons.-The procedural levels doesn't really add or subtracts anything for the game.  I miss finding secrets like in SW1.  Now you'll just find them in an unremarkable bush or something. At least, that's what I've seen so far.The Bad:-The story and the actual characters are pretty bad.  In SW1, Wang and Co. seemed more fleshed out.  It wasn't Finnegans Wake or anything, but now everyone is a cliche.  Whatever.  Give me more stuff to stab with.I haven't done co-op or anything like that.  I think this game is overall fun, but know that things have changed since SW1.  For me, all I ever want in a Shadow Warrior game is a good time and this one has done it for me."
76561198026194898,Recommended,324800,26120357,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,MecCz,"This constant feel of progression is so satisfiying. With every Skill,  every new Weapon, every new Upgrades you getting stronger and stronger but the enemys also.Fast paced free roaming action with a solid story in my opinion.(and yes you can set the damage numbers and healthbars of enemy off)But i find the lack of sword moves variants a bit boring after 10 hours..."
76561198037777636,Recommended,324800,29655666,Posted: 2 February,all,slug111,"Pros:- Combat is tons of fun. The melee weapons feel great, and the ranged weapons have enough variety to keep you from getting bored.- The graphics are beautiful. Of course there are some games that are better, but the world is tons of fun to look at.- Level design is well thought out. Tons of places to climb to, jump from, and fight on.- Tons of flexibility on difficulty setting. There are settings based on your group size, individual setting, and even ""insane"" levels if you want even more of a challenge.Cons:- The loot gets so boring so quickly. You'll find yourself running past chests because they just aren't worth it. you won't be hurting for money or upgrades, so whats the point?- Kamiko's dialogue is atrocious. I get it. This is an action game, not a story heavy adventure like The Witcher 3. But I haven't come across a more annoying character in a long time. Luckily you can skip a lot of her dialogue, which is good because its rarely anything more imaginative than schoolyard insults.- The grind to upgrade your weapons isn't worth it endgame. You can do some really cool stuff with your weapon stats, but you'll need to do hours, if not days, of grinding to get it done.- The non-host player in any multiplayer game is going to get kicked at nearly every loading screen. At least, that was the experience for me. Its easy to work around, jut send the invite again when the map loads. But it is annoying nonetheless.All in all - if you are looking for a gory shoot-and-slash game to keep you occupied for a while, definitely grab shadow warrior 2. But....maybe wait for it to be on sale."
,Recommended,324800,29666686,Posted: 3 February,all,:D,Nice!! its worth
,Recommended,324800,26111150,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,OZKABOT,"A game that pales in comparison to the previous installment in the series, but stands up as its own game pretty well. It boasts a fantastic combat system full of meaty weapons, along side some beautiful graphics and scenery. The game starts to fall apart with the loot system however, which is based around upgrading guns rather than cycling through thousands of them (Borderlands). As a concept I prefer the system on show here, but the execution falls short of making this game a true competetor in the looter shooter arena.Shadow Warrior 2 is fun, just don't compare it to the previous Shadow Warrior game or Borderlands 2 - the pinnacle of looter shooters right now. Recommended."
76561198137362764,Recommended,324800,26110085,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,drdielissen,Such a SICK game. Love the first one. Love the second. Wish more games were like this.
76561198013533210,Recommended,324800,26110522,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Senders,"Just finished the game, and what a game it was. For weeks I've sat here going, when will devs actually at the very least pretend to care about the audience as much as they do money. It seems I got my wish with this game. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥what a fun game. Fast paced, great voice acting, RPG elements were fantastic, combat was involving and gruesome, graphics were great, price was even better, and the humour was funny.If there is anybody who works for EA or any other major dev, take a leaf out of this book and perhaps make a good game, because lately you've only proven to be white collared thiefs at best."
76561197970290748,Recommended,324800,26110692,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,ScopeDog,"I've played the original 1997 by 3D Realms, Flying Wild Hog's 2013 reboot, and now about one-third into this one.Some have described the gameplay as a blend of Doom (4) and Borderlands. I can attest to that. Fast-paced action with a balance of both martial arts-style combat and modern gunplay. There's also plenty of variety in weaponry, upgrades, and enemy types - including ""Chi-Tech"" energy weapons and Zilla's army of cyber-enhanced soldiers and killer robots.There are a few minor complaints I'll address though:- shotgun reloads are ""inconsistent""; would like to see a proper breech-loading animation corresponding to the actual number of shells spent.- 40mm grenades should invariably detonate on impact, not bounce when they miss the target.- assigning Elemental damage can make for tedious combat when facing certain enemies. I ended up removing Elemental upgrades from most of my weapons because I realized they aren't actually necessary.- we can sell upgrades, but we can't sell weapons.Otherwise, would I recommend this Wang? Yes I would."
76561198037405086,Recommended,324800,26095516,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,McShlisy,"A lot of recent games have been garbage and most of the negative reviews have been justified. This is one of those few games that came out as an excellent PC only release first and comes out on consoles later in 2017. Runs flawlessly and is even better than the first one. So please, do yourself a favour and ignore some of these hipster negative reviews. Way too many negative♥♥♥♥♥♥is going on right now in the gaming community and this game is one of the few ones that does almost everything right and only costs around $40 for a AAA title and even less if you owned the first one. So unless you're just genuinely not into gaming anymore and prefer to just get your enjoyment into reading and posting negative crap online. Otherwise this is a definite purchase and easy an 8 or possibly a 9 out of 10. Just buy it if you enjoyed the first one, hell buy it even if you didn't play the first one, if any aspect of this game interests you then chances are you'll love this. Let's stop being negative and post boring♥♥♥♥♥negative♥♥♥♥♥♥about every game that releases and actually enjoy this game that works and does well and start ♥♥♥♥ing enjoying games again FFS."
,Recommended,324800,34558978,Posted: 28 August,all,Mintydog,"Brilliant game.The combat is far crazier in this game than in the last, especially as you gain more skills and weapons.There are lots of weapons to choose from, sometimes it can be difficult to pick, but you will find ones that you enjoy.There are lots of side quests to do other than the main story, they are mainly to go here and collect this or kill all of these people, but the short text summary for each of them is humourus. They serve to get you more money, weapons, skills and skill points, and are a good laugh, so well worth doing.A couple of things I'm not fond of are the crafting system and the sheer amount of collectables. Normally that would be a good thing, but it does slow the game down a bit, when you are trying to figure out the best combination of collectables to attach to your weapons to give them extra damage, or elemental effect etc. After a while I just shoved what looked good to me in the weapon and went with it, it might not have been best, but it was good.You can craft new items to put in your weapons to give them extra damage and elemental damage etc, but it seemed a bit random to me, I couldn't work it out, so I didn't use it much. I'd often just buy new items or weapons from the shops.Most of the time I'm using the sword and chainsaw anyway, as long as they do good I'm happy, and they are great to use.There are some powers to use, but I didn't use all of them, such s invisiblity, that's not my play style, I just run in wtih a sword, stick everyone on a giant spike and slash away at them.Overall it's great fun and some of Wang's lines are genuinely funny.The story is there, it's decent, but you dont need much from a game like this, just an excuse.If you enjoy FPS games that dont take themselves too seriously, have a large arsenal of weapons and a large array of enemies to use them on, then definitely get Shadow Warrior 2.Ohh, and the enviornments and weath effects are amazing, the game looks great. Although the character models aren't amazin, the rest of it is."
,Recommended,324800,34501472,Posted: 26 August,all,Internalized Oppression,"Shadow Warrior 2 is not Shadow Warrior 1. But its still an amazing game. Shadow Warrior 2 introduces some aspects that seem a bit RPGish. Floating numbers, upgradable weapons and skills, gems that modify your stats. It kinda feels like borderlands, but it didn't feel like a bad thing to me. Its full of weapons, but unlike Borderlands they all have their own unique twists and are all fun. There is a lot to collect. It still keeps the fast paced, gun slinging and sword slicing gameplay, its just got numbers to keep track of. Some people complained about how important they are, but honestly guys it really isn't that heavy in the gems. Pick a few, use some, pay half a mind to it and you're fine. But I can see how people might not like it, I didn't think it was too out there. So far I haven't beat it, but I'm pretty hooked.7/10"
76561197972445514,Recommended,324800,26190541,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Hellbishop,"SHADOW WARRIOR 2 a senses shattering explosion of non-stop adrenaline pumping blood splattering mayhem. Slaughtering the diabolical monstrousities in all their many incarnations from towering demonic entities to futuristic cybernetic death machines along with seductive sexy female assassins or their grotesque half naked zombie like counterparts is a visceral deep razor blade cut of pure blood gushing ecstacy.Wielding an arsenal of weaponary which seems infinite as new flesh penetrating guns, dismembering swords, gut ripping chainsaws, area annihilating rocket launchers, shotguns emanating legendary heroes with BOOM STICK prowess. melee skin slicing blades etc etc just keep appearing as if you just won the Sonny Chiba Street Fighter weapons of death lottery. On top of this is a just as endless mod upgrade system where you can add enhancements to make your life taking friends even more efficient in their murderous qualities.Exploration is mesmerising eye candy erotic as you travel through TITANIC GIGANTIC environments hauntingly beautiful and sensual. To see such beauty running flawlessly on my i5 3570k with 8gb ram, Geforce GTX 970 with 4gb vram on ultra settings at 1920x1080 resolution is miraculous. What is even more astonishing is how many of these highly complex detailed filled areas are procedurally generated yet feel hand placed so your gaming experience will be different every time without it having a amateurish level design look.Audio and music is relaxingly soothing disarming the player only to send electrifying jolts of pure brain frying terror into your very being as insane cackling laughter is heard in the distance from some rotting half naked thing which seemed to be a woman once whose only thought is to butcher you into stew sized chunks of blood soaked flesh. Yea she's gonna eat you and she is going to like it! Mmmm sexy...Character design and leveling my goodness! There are so many skills to choose from and upgrade it is as if SHADOW WARRIOR 2 is finally bringing in the evolutionary fusion of rpg stats to first person shooters just as Bethesda has done with bringing fps sweetness to rpgs with the Elder Scrolls and Fallout. At last! At last we can have it all in our games without feeling as if we are missing out.Oh and then there is PHOTO MODE which can be found in the options menu which allows the player to not only take screenshots but to manipulate countless graphical settings to create screenshot masterpieces unseen in any game series before. Screenshot lovers and photo manipulators rejoice!SHADOW WARRIOR 2, BUY IT! PLAY IT! Feel the HUMONGOUS POTENCY of the LO WANG! WANG! WANG! ooo did you hear the golden gong just then?"
76561197970496164,Recommended,324800,26039120,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Lorcain,"Pure fun.  Great melee and gunplay.  Good sense of humor.  Lots of weapons, weapon upgrades (mods), and skill upgrades.  Main story plus optional side missions.Fast Doom-like combat, but with an emphasis on melee badassery.  Has that addictive just one more mission hook.  Combat is easy to grasp, but has good depth with evades, counters, magic (chi powers), and skill techniques.  All the combat elements work well together.It's just a lot of fun."
,Recommended,324800,26112855,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Bok & Choy,alot of fun!! dont play many games like this this cant fault it at all.
,Recommended,324800,34598065,Posted: 29 August,all,colenames,Reminds me of Serious Sam but vastly upgraded. So if you like Serious Sam and arcade shooters this is for you
76561198002174499,Recommended,324800,34217162,Posted: 13 August,all,NukaCola,Would be a chinese ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ again.8/10
,Recommended,324800,34764848,Posted: 5 September,all,ALF In Space,"This game feels like the mashed Serious Sam and Borderlands into Shadow Warrior 1, and I mean that in a good way.  Combat and movement are incredibly fast paced - think the new Doom.  I highly recommend playing on one of the harder difficulties, as it forces you to take advantage of upgrades and the multitude of weapons you'll find.There were some technical hiccups - I had to add an autoconfig file to eliminate some flickering bug, and I ran into some issues with falling through the world and getting stuck in walls, but otherwise it was smooth sailing as far as PC gaming goes.  I haven't tried out HDR yet - my HDR capable TV is not really condusive to mouse and keyboard (which I also recommend), but I will update the review if I do get the chance.  I also haven't yet tried co-op.Overall, I think fans of the first game will find a lot to like here, and if you never tried the first game there's still a lot to like here.One last comment - While the story is definitely a clear sequel, it's still self-contained, and neither game was known for any sort of gripping narrative.  The story is silly and at times outright nonsensical, but it at least gives you a reason for going out there and eviscerating demons and yakuza."
76561198030200020,Recommended,324800,34759356,Posted: 5 September,all,Sheik Yerbouti,"Summary:Shadow Warrior 2 is an FPS with RPG elements. Some of my favorite parts of the game are the leveling/customization aspects and the weapon variety. Parts I didn't like include grindiness when trying to collect all the weapons/skills, a lack of area variety, and gameplay that encourages spamming overpowered abilities.Pros:-The skill upgrade system felt great. Planning how I was going to invest my next few skill points was one of my favorite parts of the game.-Weapon customization is fun, with several gems (weapon upgrades) that unlock unusual gun abilities, such as piercing bullets for assault rifles and grenade launcher remote detonation. Also, weapons continue to be useful for a long time; endgame weapons are only modestly better than those from the beginning of the game, and some midgame weapons were still my favorites at the end of the game.-There's a nice variety of weapon types. Only a few weapon types felt like worthless additions, and some of those may only feel that way because of my playstyle.-Combat is mostly fun, and while there's not an overwhelming amount of enemy variety, it's sufficient.Neutral:-The difficulty is a little low. I usually play FPS games on normal difficulty, but I should have played this one on hard. I was expecting the difficulty to ramp up, but it never did - or maybe I just did a good job with my skill choices/weapon upgrades. Of course, you can always test one difficutly and change as necessary. There's a difficulty higher than hard, for those who want more of a challenge.-There's a New Game Plus mode, where you keep your weapons/skills/upgrades and gain access to additional mission rewards. I didn't play much of it, but it seems like a pretty normal replay of the game, making it a worthwhile addition, but nothing special. Note that you can use this mode to keep your old equipment but play at a higher difficulty.-The storyline is passable, but far from exceptional.Cons:-Abilities are easy to abuse, and the grindy nature of most sidequests encourages this abuse. Most enemies with ability immunity can be made susceptible by a combination of the right skill upgrades and the right equippable item. After a Chi (ability energy) regeneration skill is maxed out - which can be done early - you can repeatedly disable groups of all but the strongest enemies. This could have been mitigated easily by adding ability cooldowns. While you can obviously choose not to abuse these abilities, it's much faster to pin down a group of enemies with an ability and kill them with melee than fight them in other ways; when you're just trying to clear out an area, sometimes you just want to do it the fastest way possible - especially when fighting the most annoying enemies (e.g., enemies that run away to shoot and enemies with knockback/bullet-blocking abilties).-I ran into several graphics/saving glitches. For example, I noticed unintended invisible walls, a floor that didn't load, rock walls and parts of roofs that unintendedly loaded inside houses, and two crashes during quicksaves. Quicksaves also frequently stalled the game, especially if I was moving quickly. (Note that while I have plenty of RAM and an Nvidia 1080 graphics card, I don't have an SSD; some of these issues may be less severe or absent if playing the game on an SSD.)-Areas are overused. If I remember correctly, there are only four or five main mission areas. This is mitigated by the fact that certain parts of these areas only unlock during a few missions, but I was hoping for a lot more variety. (To be fair, the areas are very large, so it doesn't feel like you're constantly traversing the same ground.) Also, a lot of assets were overused within each area. If you enjoy feeling like you're in a fleshed-out world during your gameplay, you'll be disappointed here. (If you're not a ""collector"" type of gamer, this may be less significant for you, as you won't feel like you need to play all the side missions to get all the unique weapons/skills.)-Characters mostly didn't do it for me. The secondary protagonist seems to be intended as a comic foil to the main protagonist during most conversations, but the conflict between them is more annoying than endearing. The main protagonist's relationship with the tertiary protagonist is more interesting, however.-The protagonist's voice lines were played too often for me. If they had been reduced in frequency, they would have been fine. A few of the repeated lines are funny the first few times, but hearing the same mid-combat quip over and over gets old quickly. (I once had the same line play three times in a row within a span of 10 seconds.)In conclusion, I felt like this game was a decent experience, but wasn't anything amazing. I recommend purchasing it on sale if you like RPG elements in your FPS games and don't mind things getting a little grindy.7/10"
76561197971247705,Recommended,324800,26707720,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,AgentX,"Shadow Warrior 2 is very strong in a few critical aspects, moderate in story, and very, very weak in map variety.Strengths:Maps & graphics look beautiful. Everything looks fantastic. The built in screen shot system lets you capture a scene exactly how you want - all games should have such a robust built in capture system.Combat - You have a wide variety of weapons & abilities that you can combine on the fly. Depending on your difficulty level combat can become hectic extremely quick. It easy on some maps to find yourself flying nearly 1/4 ways across the map while attacking mid air. Combat feels smooth and reactive. This is some of the funnest, most dynamic combat I've came across in a game. The AI generally offers a fun opponentOptimization - Personally for me with everything at nearly ultra game ran extremely smooth on a - Evga 1070 GTX, Win 7 64, 32 Ram, SSD. And actually my 1070 suffered a short halfway through the game so I had to temporarily replace it with my 980 GTX 4 gig vram. I noticed very little difference on the same settings and turning off depth of field and one or two other settings but no texture quality reductions gave me the same performance.Moderate - Story. Both the story itself and the pacing were very middling. Story of about the same quality as the new DOOM but much more choppy. At the beginning of the game you find yourself suddenly in different locations with was jarring and affected the continuity of the story. You will always find yourself back in a central hub and basically teleport to each new location.Weak - Map Variety. This is easily and by far the weakest aspect of Shadow Warrior 2. Its so ridiculously poor I'm surprised the game was released with so few maps. Almost immediately in the game you will find yourself repeating the same 3 or so maps over and over again. Theres about 3 or so unique ones that never repeat and 3-4 others that you constantly repeat. Sometimes the areas are shuffled around a bit but its very clear its otherwise the same map. This contributes significantly to the sometimes grindy feel of the game.Crafting System - This is nearly complete garbage except for Elemental upgrades. All the other upgrade types can end up being completely random. Even when you take 3 upgrades with identical names or identical traits or both you can end up with complete junk. At high levels 130,000$ of junk and 3 good upgrades wiped out can be very frustrating. I most consistently received upgrades of the same type with elementals. Don't expect taking 3 identical elementals will give u the same exact but upgraded one. You will only get the same elemental type. I had luck with with piercing and turret ones also but found they would sometimes spit out a level 1 upgrade instead of the identical types i put together.Store - Ammo is super over priced - makes no sense. Most of the stuff in the store isn't better then what you pick up either. Mostly just a waste of time except for selling stuff off.Loot System - So much loot! Just endless piles of loot everywhere and the system for managing it is far from efficient. Much of it has mixed attributes - that is some positive and some negative but there is no way to sort out the ones with negative qualities. Sorting and managing this junk was a real downer, made the game drag very bad but you need to swap your upgrades every map or so to stay scaled up to the next challenges.I also get the impression the devs had a hard time balancing the game difficulty out. I started out on Insane 1 but the updates kept changing the gameplay so its difficult to say how it will be when you purchase. I recommend just finding the difficulty level you have fun at and adjust later if it becomes too easy / hard. As I say I started at Insane 1, finished the last big fight at Insane 2 and it was way too easy - about 30 seconds or so.Also if you choose too difficult a setting the game becomes extremely grindy. You may need to replay some maps over to get more Skill points from Karma. If you want to max your skill points faster I recommend putting in the Karma perks as soon as possible and also use Karma increasing body armor as soon as possible. You can about double your Karma points doing this."
76561197994806254,Recommended,324800,26721212,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,haider.ismail,"A hood cerebral shooter.Check out Tom Chick's review, for better explanation on why this is a good designed game."
,Recommended,324800,26020790,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Its_Batman,"When i first played Shadow Warrior i felt like it could've added more. That's what they did in Shadow Warrior 2. Shadow Warrior was a kind of hack and slash game. The game was really good including the story. I loved that so much cuz there's not many games of that kind of japanese genre (samurai, ninja, chi power etc).Shadow Warrior 2 stayed with its core gameplay but making it MUCH more responsive, fun, easy to handle and open world! I loved the fact that they let you build like your own so that you could be effective in any scenario. Lot of new weapons and ALOT of side quests which are not pointless. The world of Shadow Warrior 2 is beautiful. From industrial areas to forrest to beautiful japanese themed areas! The world is not small either. They also got lot of characters from SW. And at the end there's Co-op. The game is greatly optimized. With the beautiful graphics it has plus the restless fights everywhere, the game never drops fps. I'm enjoying this game alot! PS ; I've played it alot offline.My rating for shadow warrior would be 9/10At the end i hope there's another Shadow Warrior! I can play it again and again!"
76561198254787973,Recommended,324800,26019501,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,JacksonMcSenior,"Doom with♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes and loot. If thats not awesome, I dont know what is."
76561198071503996,Recommended,324800,26019560,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Fiuri,"Play it on hard, because that's the only way a Wang should be."
76561198060076497,Recommended,324800,26019596,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,SinisterChill,THIS GAME WAS SOOOOO WORTH THE WAIT
76561198016538889,Recommended,324800,26019843,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Don'tLetYourMemesBeDreams,"Runs amazing and plays amazing to, must buy!"
76561198027208384,Recommended,324800,26019864,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,DOOM996,"2 hours in and it´s a blast so far! If you love looter shooter games then SW2 is for you! Fantastic graphics, fast paced gameplay, tons of weapons and awesome weapon costumization! With under 40 bucks it´s a must buy!"
76561198080516863,Recommended,324800,26019849,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Mhuuz,Who wants some wang?Borderlandsy Doom with plenty of Wang.
76561197975006225,Recommended,324800,26055037,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Azazel,"Great graphics(that work on ultra even on an old gpu),great gameplay and sort of working story. :D Borderlands with swords!"
,Recommended,324800,26056253,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Burter.★,WANGtastic! 11/10
,Recommended,324800,26053880,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,ChickenStuffer,So far im loving this game. but i worry as i reach 30% completed that it went a bit fast. would recomend it to all who love fast paced fps games.
,Recommended,324800,26055044,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Big Mang Lang,"Lots of weapons with fun combat and visuals. It's also well optimized and has great visual affects. NPC's don't look very good sometimes and the story isn't very good, but overall a good game."
76561198041130973,Recommended,324800,26056450,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Comander555666,"few problems, lots of fun!at first I had a ruff start with the game, but after I sorted a few technical issues I was off for a ride!great combat, and a good campaign that kept me entertained for about 9 hours, Wang humour is on point SweetieWangs out for Harambe. really the cookie jokes are some of the best in my opinion!Few bugs and glitches; a great weapon variaty, you wont get bored,and by the way the movement is crazy you can literally fly through the map, really funthe ending is kinda weird and undsatisfying for me but the rest of the game isnt so Im happy!I'm happy with my purchase and if youre into shooters gore and wang humour youll be too!"
,Recommended,324800,26056464,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Kame,"Awesome game, everything is better then the first remake...Humor is just hilarious, especially description of monsters and weapons, if you play polish version, than it's even better. Gameplay is like the new DOOM with loot and quests, so if you like it you gonna feel like home... BUY IT"
,Recommended,324800,26018948,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Baska Biceps,"If DOOM and Dead Island had a baby , ♥♥♥♥ing amazing....."
,Recommended,324800,26054155,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Where is my WAIFU ???,I love this game Very very much <3Shadow Warrior 2 Secrets - Dragon Mountain  :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U3oKDFl-v18
76561198129439165,Recommended,324800,26018571,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Traum,F@#ck Yeah!  Lo Wang is back you piece of demon sh%t!
,Recommended,324800,26019559,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Mephane,This game is what happens when you mix the best elements of Borderlands and Diablo while on drugs.
76561198069863156,Recommended,324800,26019597,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Master TANG !,"Greatly follow the classic of 1993 Shadow Warrior .  nice sequel to the last one too. Graphics are good, gameplay is easy to catch . lots of action and funny moment....The game story is slower than the last because you kinda have your village and can shop for stuff so it kind cuts the game momentum a bit because you stop between each missiosn to use the market or so side quests.  Still, its an amazing game i only played 3 -4 ours yet. but im a fan of the serie and im guessing its a great game .  Also , they add a multiplayer, that is not that famous but still ... GG8/10"
76561198064484633,Recommended,324800,26053797,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Klono,"Its like, what more could I ask for in an fps hack and slash? Not only does the game endlessly give you content without stop, and not just boring filler garbage, but actual progressive greatness. I have 12.2 hours already in 2 days of release and I can tell you, I CANT STOP PLAYING! ITS SOOOOOOOOOOOO GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD!10/10 Would Wang AgainEDIT:I forgot to mention that in all this gameplay time I havent even touched co-op yet, and thats supposed to be a HUGE portion of greatness to this game, so if I havent convinced you to buy it yet, idk what will XD!"
,Recommended,324800,26055412,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,MariusUnsraw,"why this is not 49.99 on market ? ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥awesome game and funny as fkguns ,sword s,monster s"
,Recommended,324800,26056229,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Addy,"Shadow Warrior 2 improves upon its predecessor, however some may prefer the writing and less focus on ""looting & leveling"". But even then: Shadow Warrior 2 is probably better than Half Life 3."
,Recommended,324800,26056248,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,cafe con leche,"anyone can find reviews out there highlighting this game's postives/negatives. i'm going to be quick about it and say just reference those or the worthabuy guy. this game is definitely worth your money if you're thinking about buying.i am going to talk a little about how i think the sequel stacks up to the first one. while i still recommend shadow warrior 2 to just about anyone, i liked the first one better as a single player experience. it was simpler, the story was much better, and i really enjoyed the grading system at every encounter. it was also a lot more challenging on its own without having to mess with the game after launch.with shadow warrior 2, we lost the grading system, and the storytelling is inferior. we got better combat, graphics (of course), and audio in the sequel. we also got loot and deeper progression but some of the original remake was lost when they put emphasis on progression and multiplayer in shadow warrior 2. for me, the singleplayer experience started strong but went downhill during the last half of the game. i felt almost every aspect of the game became repetitive and i was just playing to wrap up the campaign. others might have felt that last half was a great time to get loot and level up, but i didn't buy shadow warrior 2 simply to progress my wang."
,Recommended,324800,26018942,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,The Bad Dragon,My trousers are soaked through and through.10/10 would play with Lo Wang again.
,Recommended,324800,26019986,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Raw Stanky,"This game runs amazing and plays even betterIt is such an amazingly optimized gamed, absolutly no issues with itThe game itself is so fun, if you played Shadow Warrior it plays more or less the same but with more mobility and verticality9/10 suck my wang Kamiko"
76561198047705219,Recommended,324800,26018845,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,tpochep,my game of the year 2016.
,Recommended,324800,26054546,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Louis,me likey
,Recommended,324800,26357609,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Fuyuma,"Great Game, after bugfix even more!Multiplayer work's on same Network! ( f.e. Router )""Join Game"" button isn't broken anymore!Thanks for fixing the bugs!♥♥♥"
76561198009307327,Recommended,324800,26055256,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,mahina,SUPERB!!!1!!
76561198003420074,Recommended,324800,26018668,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,nilzon,Delivers what was expected : Shadow Warrior 1 on steroids
,Recommended,324800,26019295,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Tops,Chaotic CombatTons of LootAwesome WeaponsFunny DialogGreat ControlsTons of SkillsRuns Great
76561197993932815,Recommended,324800,26018851,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,R0$1E,"Poland could into games again. Buy it now, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,324800,26018759,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Amonios,an amazing experience for everyone
,Recommended,324800,26054023,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Killjoy445,Very funny gory and overall fun game. +The only issue I have with the game is the detail for the characters.
76561198062822106,Recommended,324800,26055049,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Solid Snack,Its borderlands set in japanAKA THE BEST DAMN IDEA SINCE SLICED BREAD
,Recommended,324800,26056170,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,kingezo,The cutting graphics are extremely theraputic! Love this game.
,Recommended,324800,31869074,Posted: 20 May,all,Mothy,Fun with Friends ! don't go slay monsters alone !!!
,Recommended,324800,35324382,Posted: 29 September,all,ＴＨＩＣＣＵＢＵＳ,"Does a lot of old stuff that works well and a lot of hit-or-miss new stuff, but dang its still a good time"
,Recommended,324800,28428844,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Wormoxide,"LikedGood balance between graphics and performance.Some side stories, but not too much.Fast, over powered ninja combat.Guns are not required.Loot… so much loot.DislikedNormal difficulty was too easy by the end.Even with max pick up range, still needed to manually pick everything up.There are basically only three maps the story recycles."
,Recommended,324800,26495339,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,NinjaSquirrel,"I recommend the game only halfhearted because it is a good fps on its own, but I personally don't like it as much as Shadow Warrior (2013).For somebody who wanted something more like the beloved predecessor, I have to say that I am heavily disappointed. I didn't expect the RPG-like stuff to be so half-baked and I certainly didn't expect the non-linear wannabe-open-worldly gameplay to be so uninspired and tedious. You're basically an errand boy and your tasks are all the same: run here and there and wrench some stuff from the dead fingers of the monsters or humans you kill on the way - and of course search for a lot of key cards. The Zilla areas look like a heavily overdone hommage to Far Cry 3: Blood Dragon and they are just plain ugly, IMHO. I always dash my way through there to find the next key card and get it over with. This is so much not what I wanted!The point is: if I scratch all my expectations it's ""just"" a good FPS with average RPG elements and funny dialogs. Technically it is one of the best titles of the year - mostly pretty graphics while still very easy on the CPU/GPU, not a single bug or crash, extensive settings menus, no DRM, you name it. It's pretty much everything you'd expect from a PC-first title and Flying Wild Hog definitely delivers - they simply know what they're doing in that regard.I didn't regret buying it, though it is not fit to hold a candle to SW1. So please, Flying Wild Hog, return to linear, story-driven levels on SW3, OK? :)"
,Recommended,324800,27699656,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Saile,I like this game. (I dont usually like games)
,Recommended,324800,27867814,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BelievedMaster,This game is great. The humor is funny and the coop is fun. The game is very satisficing and makes you just want to spend hours chopping monsters with your wide range of weapons. Minor bugs accorded such as keyboard controls not working right tell game restart. Game works well with a controller if you rather do that.
,Recommended,324800,27879561,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Lightbringer,"Crude, childish, overblown, and completely hilarious and engaging.  Shadow Warrior 2 is an FPS in the vein of Borderlands, only more focused with better twitch mechanics.  Tons of fun weapons and a fully co-op-able campaign make it a great LAN party (or online) game.  4 player limit is a little disappointing, but pretty standard nowadays.  Honestly, if you like FPS games, either solo or co-op, you can't go wrong with Shadow Warrior 2."
,Recommended,324800,28732727,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Timevir,"Extremely good loot'em'up for singleplayer, even though the game is a bit easy at all difficulty levels.Graphically the game is stunning and the gameplay doesn't get repetitive due to the huge variety of weapons/enemies and large environments (although there are only a few environment themes).The story is gripping and the character interactions are actually funny. This is one game that nails humor which is rarely executed well in games.If you loved Borderlands, you'll love Shadow Warrior 2."
76561197998875496,Recommended,324800,28733591,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Wheatley,"A hidden gem if I've ever seen one. Imagine Borderlands/2 if the endgame wasn't an absolute OP♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and you actually get very frequent and significant rewards. The shooting feels amazing, punchy, effective, as does the melee combat, no matter how huge your enemy is. Upgrading your gear and skills to fit your playstyle feels super easy and just works the way you want it to. Bosses and minibosses feel nice and challenging, somehow reaching the healthy middle of not-bullet-sponge but also not-wet-paper. Movement feels super nice and quick and your powers and movement abilities make you feel so very badass. Storyline is super cheeky and doesn't take itself too seriously.  The characters are varied, likeable, and well-casted. I often get really great ASMR from just all the sounds in this game: the guns, the voices, the footsteps, the hit noises, the collecting noises, etc. A solid FPS."
76561197994323388,Recommended,324800,30884192,Posted: 1 April,all,Chosen of Hanseath,"Quite good and fun. Not many maps, but they are really. Gets a bit repetitive and easy after getting some sword skills."
,Recommended,324800,30929716,Posted: 3 April,all,BLISTER LORD OF VR,"Energetic and fluid gameplay with a load of different weapons thrown at you at a decent pace, along with a weapon upgrade system that you can dive deep into if you are into min-maxing things or generally let the game do what it thinks best.Very very fun to play, even with a bland story and occasionally repetitive missions it keeps you wanting another level up, gun, or just run a few missions because the gameplay is so solid."
76561197999105098,Recommended,324800,35479889,Posted: 4 October,all,TTR,I wanted some more Lo Wang. Got some more Lo Wang.10/10 would Lo Wang again.
,Recommended,324800,26106104,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,CranialActivity,"This game is pretty good.It is not the DOOM remake again, or Shadow Warrior 2013 again.It is not a linear single player shooter in a classic style.It is a looter shooter that is actually fun to shoot in.If you don't like watching numbers change, this game is not for you.If you don't like going to a hub area and fiddling with gear in your FPS, this game is not for you.If you don't like the game's levels being procedurally generated from level chunks, this game is not for you.Otherwise, you have a good chance of liking it.I like it.P.S. It is reasonably priced. Base price is cheaper than DOOM right now, for instance."
,Recommended,324800,27262602,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Glen Chico,"Nominated this for the 5 More Minutes Award. A weird and very unexpected combination of Borderlands, Dark Souls, Diablo, and Shadow Warrior that is lightening fast. Dodging around enemies and cutting them to pieces had be cackling for hours on end. The Devs keep adding features and there's a continuously rising difficulty system like Dark Souls and Diablo. This along with Doom are the two best games of the year in my opinion."
76561197987967350,Recommended,324800,27152293,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sandmann,"Great game. Diablo Loot formula thrown on top of some nice FPS action. Only gets a bit problematic in the ""end game"" when enemies become bullet sponges. But until that point you played through the campaign roughly 2 times anyway.There is a nice variety of weapons (no randomization though) and enemies. The gore is nice and the combat feels very responsive. Would buy again."
76561198055647859,Recommended,324800,28085877,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,WantonAssembly,"Not to sound like a broken record but I just cannot evade the DOOM - Shadow Warrior 2 comparison.This game shooting mechanics actually felt satisfying, unlike DOOM where there was something going on with mouse aiming, if felt ""slippery"" for a lack of a better term to describe it.The Borderlands comparison seems a bit out of place in my opinion. Yes it is kind of a loot based game but I never had a situation where I felt the enemies grew too strong for my guns, I just patched them up with gems or got a new weapon.Weapon variety is pretty damn good and like I said before gunplay/swordplay is extremely satisfying.Do not listen to silly ""game journalists"" that bash this game because of it being a loot based shooter, try it out and if you don't get hooked after the small tutorial, just refund it.8.5/10"
76561198071776533,Recommended,324800,26020472,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Trouser_Dune_Worm,"This $40 game is the best PC release I have played so far this year.  Optimized, have not experienced any bugs or crashes and I am having a god damned GREAT ♥♥♥♥ING TIME playing this game.  I can't count the times I have laughed out loud in enjoyment while playing.  AAA companies should learn that THIS is how you release a PC title...COMPLETE."
76561198125019453,Recommended,324800,26017642,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,CRiMe,"The options, when you first start the game, are incredible.Finally a game that gets it. Ultra settings, no f*ing lens flaresand no mouse smoothing by default. The game runs smooth ashell and is fun as s*it. If you liked the first one, f**king get this one!"
76561198332770662,Recommended,324800,26018181,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,moojiber,"-Saw a cute bunny on a bridge, shot him,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥him off, i was mercilessly slaughtered.this may be one of the best games ive ever played. I fully understand that it borrows from borderlands and doom and even Diablo, but it does so in a way where they blend perfectly and you really feel the differences between your weapons as you seamlessly switch back and forth from melee to firearm during a fight. You can Slice and Dice your way through hordes of mutated animals or unload devastating firepower from your arsenal of customizable weapons (akimbo, elemental, and many more). skills for your player to choose from, armour upgrades, random boss encounters, loot,  story, free roam. I have put a few hours into this game so far and im trying to find something wrong with it."
,Recommended,324800,28085066,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ricera,"DOOM (2016)'s gore and breakneck pace + even more breakneck speed and 4-way dodge, a gem-based gun upgrade system that allows you to freely socket/unsocket upgrades, and tons of gore (like, slicing off body part chunks) and satisfying combat = amazing.I like the original Shadow Warrior (2013), and this game is even better."
,Recommended,324800,28655018,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Darkest,Rock out with your Wang out!
,Recommended,324800,26052156,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Kainnemesis,My wang approves!
,Recommended,324800,32938096,Posted: 28 June,all,Mojambo,Action pack !
76561197991868631,Recommended,324800,32868240,Posted: 27 June,all,donddave,Great and fun game
,Recommended,324800,30677054,Posted: 22 March,all,RAIZO,"Different game, same [Lo]wang. Now new and improved with Borderlands-style loot!!The original (classic) Shadow Warrior was pretty action packed and epic for its time, putting a different spin on the Duke Nukem formula and though similar to that series, managing to create something entirely unique. Flash forward to 2013 and with the release of the reboot within that year, it was obvious that Shadow Warrior was now an established series and not just a run-of-the-mill shooter but one that had a level of action and performance that rivaled the biggest/AAA title shooters of that time; an overall presentation that perhaps even surpassed those other titles. The humor from the past game returned but it matured, managing to be more intelligent while its tongue was still firmly planted in its cheek, which is something that couldn’t be said for Duke Nukem Forever. Also, the graphics and mechanics were face melting-ly gorgeous and fluid, making the game run as smoothly as it looked with virtually no performance issues.Now enter Shadow Warrior 2. The same level of performance and action you’d expect from this series is back and even better than before. Graphically, this game is perfect in my opinion. The physics and weather effects paired with the colors and environmental details within the areas you explore are, in a word, gorgeous. This of course just makes the violence that much sexier :DBut now more on that mention of Borderlands. It’s true, just as many others have said, there is now Borderlands-style loot drops when you defeat enemies and there are even a number of different weapons to acquire and upgrades to acquire/craft (yeah, that’s also true – you can now craft in Shadow Warrior!). These upgrades can be inserted into slots for your armor and weapons and they may have an elemental effect, like shock or fire, or they may boost your damage amount or HP, etc. There are of course skills to acquire and upgrade as you level your character and the missions (side, bounty and story based missions) take place in the same geographical regions within the game, though you may start out at a different place and there will be different enemies each time, as the missions are somewhat open-ended and non-linear and there are even achievements to unlock that pertain to beating a certain ‘named’ enemy within a particular mission, essentially like a mini boss. The enemies, not unlike some of the upgrades, also have status and/or elemental effects.Bottom line: Shadow Warrior 2 does so many things right that it would be hard for Flying Wild Hog/Devolver to ever do anything wrong with this series. It basically just keeps getting bigger and better with each new entry and they have also managed to capture the true essence of a 3rd person hack/slash action game and combine it with the frenetic energy of a bullet hell shooter."
76561198186398159,Recommended,324800,31875438,Posted: 20 May,all,Bigot,like a japenese doom :)
76561198064930702,Recommended,324800,26028012,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,J Rob,"Shadow Warrior 2 is beautiful, funny, fast-paced, and fun. The action is very good, many may find the gameplay to be similar to Doom and the Borderlands games, only a little more flexible in movement and with the moves you can make with different weapons. Also, this game is well-made and well-optimized. I strongly recommend this game to everyone looking for quality games for the right price.It's so much fun. It makes you feel like a badass. Better than most AAA games releasing this year. The devs did an excellent job! I'm happy to say that I'm having a great time playing and I'm loving this game very much. Buy this game!"
,Recommended,324800,32430193,Posted: 15 June,all,'Cause I'm BATMAN,"Wang And So Much More !!Man I totally love the direction they took this game . I LOVED the Shadow Warrior and its Remake . But in this one they added a very neat loot system that is like that of Borderlands games . You can customize your character with a variety of upgrades to gear and weapons . The game plays kind of like a RPGish in a way , you go on quests and turn them in for rewards and stuff . They have main missions and side missions . The maps are very big and you can kind of go about them in your own way.The game also has Co-Op ! Up to Four Players ! So you can slash some demons up with some friends !The games GFX are real nice and there is no issues i can see with its engine , so thats a plus there. I'm running mine at 1080p on Ultra and runs fine and i dont have a beefy new system by a long shot . The controls are pretty much the same as Shadow Warrior.As for Price .... WORTH EVERY PENNY ! But... If you can get it on sale its a 100% no brainer !So i give this one 2 thumbs up that i sliced off a demon :D Check it out !"
,Recommended,324800,26086599,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,-Onnsight-,very good game !!! the ending is a bit dissapointing tho.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ygBecpRlNkU
,Recommended,324800,32205346,Posted: 5 June,all,H Ä H Ä Ä,"Shadow Warrior 2's combat is really fun thanks to great gunplay, your character's immense mobility and very satisfying melee combat. Unfortunately, it's being held back by repetitive missions, bland level design and a fairly weak story. The loot system allows for a good amount of customization, but it's really clunky, which makes customizing your weapons feel like a huge chore. This issue is made even worse by the ridiculous amount of loot which fills up your inventory. Overall, this game is considerably weaker than it's predecessor, but I still enjoyed it a fair bit."
76561198117705911,Recommended,324800,26095780,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,ShadowBlade,"A amazing game, pre ordered it once i found out about it and got a sweet chainsaw katana that quite literally shreds thru enemies xD Graphics can be quite demanding on older pc's (currently running it on a 5 year desktop at the lowest settings with 30-40 fps and 20 in more detailed areas) But other than that I do quite enjoy the game and i do recommend it to others :3"
,Recommended,324800,26016329,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,RareParrot #DerankSquad,"I really think shadow warrior 2 improved the formula they had when they made the 2013 reboot.The combat in the game is just amazing, so are the different kind of weapons ive already seen.The environment and enemies are very well crafted and theres alot to do in the game.Even though ive only played around 90 minutes so far, ive loved every second of it.Definetly to owners of the original shadow warrior this is a must buy!"
76561197969417125,Recommended,324800,29778843,Posted: 8 February,all,G00N3R,"Shadow Warrior 2 is a First Person Shooter where you fight against Humans, demons and other monsters using guns, swords and magic in areas influenced by Japanese themed architecture and culture.I really enjoyed the previous Shadow Warrior game, and the FPS genre as a whole is one of my favourites. However, whilst SW2 is a good game and it has entertained me for most of its 16 hour campaign, I was expecting it to be better. SW2 isn’t as good as the first game, and its not even close to my genre favourites like Wolfenstein New Order, Bioshock, Metro Last Light, Far Cry 3, Half-Life 2 or FEAR. It is more enjoyable than every boring real world military shooter though.The shooting mechanics are fine, but the guns somehow didn’t really feel interesting to use. Its difficult to explain, but I think its because the developers have seemingly tried to recreate Borderlands’ infinite guns system, in a kind of do-it-yourself fashion. There are lots of weapons to collect. I’ve found 48 so far and I’ve probably missed some. You get them as rewards for completing quests and they sometimes drop after you kill bosses. They’re mostly variations on the same few weapons but with slightly different stats (damage, crit chance, reload speed, clip size etc). I’ve found 10 swords, 5 pistols, 4 shotguns, 5 grenade launchers, and so on. I haven’t tried them all, because some of them already had worse stats than my currently equipped weapons. But the ones I have tried just felt the same.In addition to this, most enemies that you kill will drop a gem which can be inserted into any weapon. Each weapon can hold 3 gems and they further buff one or more of the weapon’s stats. Some gems also add elemental damage – fire, ice, toxic or electricity. Unwanted gems can be crafted together to make more powerful gems. The number of different combinations of guns and gems is massive, however I don’t think any of this has a big impact on the actual gameplay.In Borderlands there is a clear benefit to the elemental damage – flesh is weak to fire, metal is weak to toxic, shields are weak to electricity – so the player’s choice of weapon was very tactical. In SW2 everything seems to die pretty quickly no matter what weapon I use. I’ve probably spent about an hour over the course of the game crafting gems and swapping them in and out, moving them to new weapons, and in hindsight it was probably a waste of time. I never found anything that was a massive increase over what I’d already got. Does it really matter if I swap a 10% damage increase gem for a 12% damage increase gem? Maybe its more useful on higher difficulties – I played on normal difficulty because the game’s menu told me this was designed for your first playthrough.The maps are large, there’s lots of open space and some nice verticality with plenty of buildings that you can climb up. You’re quite mobile, with a double jump and a dash move which is useful to escape danger. However, the level design is undermined by the fact that side quests take you back to the same locations over and over again, and the enemies respawn when you start a new quest. The feeling of “hey, I’ve fought this exact group of enemies in this location three times already” does get a bit boring after a while.The story is weak and at times bordering on nonsense. It kind of follows on from the first game, but not in a way that you’d need to play the previous game first to understand what is happening. NPC animations and lip syncing during cutscenes is distractingly bad. Some of the dialogue is amusing though, especially the banter between Lo Wang and a character he spends the game unexpectedly close to.Technical performance was fine for me but my PC is significantly above recommended spec so its maybe not a fair comparison. Controls are fully rebindable and work great with mouse and keyboard. And I like that you can fully customise the HUD. For example I sometimes find that if a game shows enemy health bars, I focus my vision on the health bar rather than watching the enemy, and if a game has a minimap, I don’t actually look at the environment while I’m walking around. SW2 lets you turn pretty much every part of the HUD on or off individually to suit your preferences.Overall, as I said, SW2 is a good game. This review has been mostly critical, but those complaints represent the difference between a good game and a great game. If you like shooting stuff from a first person perspective, this game will most likely entertain you. I’d recommend waiting for a sale of around 25%-33% though. If you haven’t played Shadow Warrior 1 yet, play that first because its just a better game."
,Recommended,324800,26129323,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Dimuscul,"Disliked: The mission hub where you choose side missions and main missions, it felt to much ""mmo""ish. Also it has a less interesting story ... I really liked the previous one (you don't get a lot of samurai demon romance histories), but this time was a bit ""meh"". Also enemies repeated a bit ... most of them where just reskinned monsters from other areas.Liked: Gameplay, lots of weapons, Wang itself, sword play.Its a good and fun game."
,Recommended,324800,26631723,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,!FlamerMain,"It's pretty much just like the last ShadowWarrior, only improved.There are two real differences:1st is that the game feels a bit more like an open world withseveral separate areas that you can explore and fast travel to and from while followingyour main mission and aquired side missions.2cnd is loot that is dropped by killed enemies. Its not just health and ammo pickups.There are many different weapons, dif. pistols, dif. swords, dif. shotguns and so on.Theres also augments you can put into your weapons/guns aswell as augments for yourskills and armor and all of it can be picked up from enemies orfound in loot chests around the game.I would recommend this game to anyone who liked the previous game aswell as to anyonewho enjoys shooters that have that bit of rpg flair to it when it comesto customization and ""kind of non-linear gameplay""The fact that you can play with your friends and/or random people online through the whole Story is pretty nice too.For only 40 Dollars,this is basically a steal.(how does this not have a 60$ pricetag on it ?! or at least 50 :D )"
76561198009623175,Recommended,324800,26053661,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,TheEn4cer,It's so GOOD! Get it and play it! DO IT! DO IT NOOOOWWWW!!!
76561198004681626,Recommended,324800,26055445,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Tomhawk,Awesome game :D
76561198017966505,Recommended,324800,26019766,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Myllo,"WOW!!! Id like to start off by saying that if you own a pc take the time to play around with the graphical settings 1st! before you dive into gameplay, it is a great way to get the game just the way you like it before the fun begins, with that said WOW! the game is great, i fooled around with the graphical settings for a bit and i was getting fps drops, realized soon after that it was because the game was running fullscreen borderless windowed... what a dope i was.... switched the bad boy to fullscreen, cranked all settings up all the way with the exception of chromatic aberratin and film grain effect and wow what a pretty looking game, definately worth the $40, also recommend you update your drivers for you nvidia folks out there, wanted to writte a review despite having only a couple hours played because to me the game feels like DOOM 2016 with a Katana in it! If you like action in your face this is it.Rig:4770k680s ftw 4gvram sli1440p native res16g ramssd/hdd setupwindows 10 home"
,Recommended,324800,26019931,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Justgamer131,For like 4-5 hours in this game is unbelievably enjoyable. the sword play feels very fun and satisfying and the new mechanics letting you jump aroiund like ninja is really fun. the rpg aspect might put people off since the first one was an fps like its original 1997 game. all in all its a genuinly good game and anyone who played the first should play this too.
76561197995080643,Recommended,324800,28881872,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Old Man,"Good fun, however gets monotonous after a while. On higher difficulty levels you don't face more enemies which would mean more fun mayhem, but mainly more bullet spongy enemies with various resistances/immunities. From all special enemies characteristics swift, vital and mighty are probably the most interesting as you need to adopt your tactics / focus fire.The elemental damage/resistance/vulnerability system is a nice, but flawed addition. Your inventory ends up drowning in upgrades. Instead of compering items with minimal differences and constantly swapping weapons when facing enemies with different damage weaknesses/resistances, I would prefer more impactful upgrades. Fire, ice, electricity, toxic should have always a decent chance for an effect. For example allowing for crowd control (fire), AoE damage (electricity), damage over time (toxic) to counter regenerating health / stealth enemies, freeze/slow (ice) them giving you a chance for a short window when you can shatter them for extra damage or slow down swift enemies.The game’s story mode can be fully played in coop which is a big plus and is stable which can’t be said about some other coop games.Overall score: 7.5/10"
,Recommended,324800,29844825,Posted: 11 February,all,二尺深的高原,"This is a fantastic game. The story is not important, the main idea of the game is how to kill all enemies by using less and less time. It is a fpsgame but sth like Overwatch, it not a 100% fpsgame, the most strongest weapon is forever sword. It is enjoyable but not bloody, I think everyone will feel COOL when playing the game."
,Recommended,324800,34388680,Posted: 20 August,all,HOLYONE,a treat of a game great and funny humor super optimized for pc my 1080 ti can max this out at 1440p 120fps caimpain is 5-6 hours side missions add more playtime lots of cool weapons some are broken and fun to use on the highest diffculty totally worth it.
76561198045335560,Recommended,324800,32603012,Posted: 20 June,all,Grizzzzlebaerz,"Shadow Warrior 2 is in no way a revolutionary game. The easiest way to describe it would be a mash up of something like Borderlands and Doom. It is a very fun first person shooter with lighter role playing elements that can be played alone or with up to 3 friends in its entirety.GAMEPLAYWhen looking at the structure of the game it is quite easy to draw parallels to Borderlands in that there are tons of loot drops and bullet spongy adversaries. There are also your typical fares of MMO type side quests that can be skipped for the decent and often times whacky main story missions. After missions the player comes back to a hub world to resupply, sell unwanted goods and talk to NPCs before moving to the next mission. The shooting mechanics feel pretty good with a nice fast paced action oriented feel to them. In other words, don’t bother aiming down sights, just point and shoot until the humanoid or demonic enemy drops dead. Weapons can be upgraded to inflict more or different types of damage and your character can also unlock different abilities to buff health and chi, which is used to perform special moves that come in useful against certain enemies or in certain combat situations.7/10STORYThe story is not going to move you to tears or offer you any moral conundrums. The narrative is pretty straight forward, which lends itself well to the overall fun tone of the game. As mercenary Lo Wang you are tasked with what starts out as a simple rescue mission. Needless to say things don’t turn out peachy and the remainder of the story is spent hunting down a certain being while uncovering some hard truths about other characters. The tale does what it needs to and adds a couple of much needed surprising moments in between the flow of standard “go here kill this” action sequences. It is a fun, and darkly humorous plot that can be enjoyed easily especially if you are okay with the often juvenile jokes. If you are just playing the story it can run you about 8 hours.7/10GRAPHICS/PERFORMANCEThe graphics are great and the art direction leans more towards something like Doom 2016. The way that the weapons are designed aesthetically is very Doom like with machine guns and chainsaws adorned with sci-fi doo-dads or skulls. Enemies tend to look like some sort of hell beast or armored humanoids. In terms of performance, on a GTX 1070 FE, 16 GB of DDR4 RAM, and an i7 6700k, you will have no trouble cranking max settings at 1440p.9/10Overall Shadow Warrior 2 is a fun shooter with some dark often juvenile humour and game design elements reminiscent of a Borderlands title.FINAL7.7/10"
76561197995484867,Recommended,324800,29658377,Posted: 2 February,all,={M E M E - T R A S H}=,"The first modern Shadow Warrior game was good and all but there wasn't really any purpose to the upgrade system.Oh what's that? Free-roaming? I think we're cleared on that.If you liked the first go get this. It's definitely shorter but, try getting 100%.Then we'll see how fast it is."
,Recommended,324800,26049603,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Art,Genji simulator GOTY ┻━┻ ︵ヽ(`Д´)ﾉ︵﻿ ┻━┻
,Recommended,324800,26034461,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Akagi [™۞],"It's a Chinese-themed game, and no support for Chinese UI and Audio?Wang out of 10.Got 90FPS average on Ultra 1080p with no MRS enabled. Using i5 4690K and GTX 970 both at stock clocks, and I haven't even updated the driver to the SW2-Game-Ready driver. Very well optimised! Although, I don't like the temporal AA used in the game. So far, I think I'm not yet in the half of the game, just recently obtained my Razor Katana (correct?) from my apartment, but I pretty much enjoy the heck out of it.Slicing robots is gucci.Update:I decided to run SW2 with Intel HD Graphics 4600 (4690K) while I was using it as a benchmark to stress the RAM. At 4GB, it can't obviously run the game, averaging 13FPS. At 8GB, it did run at 25FPS average. All low settings and 1024x768, the game still looks very nice. So, if you happen to have an old card but it's still a bit or much faster than HD 4600, and you don't meet the requirements, I say, you can still run it. However, not only your GPU, but also your CPU is a concern.And is there any way to display our ping/latency when going on session with Co-op? Thanks!"
,Recommended,324800,31214739,Posted: 18 April,all,SovietLlama,Wang-kerz
,Recommended,324800,26059521,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Robot Joe,i sawed the demons
,Recommended,324800,26479738,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,[---xtf---],Best FPS 2016:Battlefield 1Call of Duty 2016Shadow Warrior 2
76561197987815992,Recommended,324800,26018850,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Aeekto,A great game... like Borderlands 1-2 (looooot) had a baby with Doom (monsters) and Duke Nukem 3D (Wang) and got influenced by 80´s actionmovies.
,Recommended,324800,26023487,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,labtob,"The game is excellent, but everyone sounds like Max Headroom."
,Recommended,324800,26036974,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Slajden,"This game is incredibly fun. It's fun alone or with friends, if you like Borderlands you should really try this game, You get awesome loot when you slay mobs/bosses and you can craft stuff, put gems on your weapons and stuff like that so it's kind of similar to borderlands in that way.Heads up, DO NOT play this game on the easiest difficulty, it's waay too easy and its no fun at all, medium maybe, but I would recommend HARD difficulty for sure (IMO the most fun).Stunning graphics and hardly any fps drops at all on ULTRA, alot of graphic options which is great.8/10"
76561198063023270,Recommended,324800,26045558,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,punkduster,"One of the best games this year, great value and great coop gameplay.Heaps of customisation and just as fun whether you go melter or guns.Great!!"
,Recommended,324800,26066008,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Oberstgruppenführer,"It's Like Borderlands and Doom Combined.Very Fun for SingleplayerIf You Play with 4 Friends, its Even Better"
,Recommended,324800,34660283,Posted: 1 September,all,All Might,"Cheesy one liners, casual racism, ultra violence, and anime tiddies.Wang/10"
76561198171046370,Recommended,324800,35027575,Posted: 17 September,all,Halfbaked94,Wang... nuff said
76561198070749845,Recommended,324800,34498814,Posted: 26 August,all,Mantis Toboggan,deep wang
76561198330871533,Recommended,324800,31857123,Posted: 20 May,all,Janisary,Not bad but absolutely first one is much better than this one.
76561198059516636,Recommended,324800,26057811,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Uncrowned King,i'm gonna WANG 'em all !!!
,Recommended,324800,26035968,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,_Undefined,"What would happen if Shadow Warrior 1, Doom, and Borderlands 2 had a threesome"
76561198016277094,Recommended,324800,26021093,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Worgall,I love my Wang
76561198171146322,Recommended,324800,26195890,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Steve_Taro,"Shadow Warrior 2 is a first person shooting game, which is included the beautiful Japanese sceneries that filled with blood everywhere. This game might be really good for someone who like to play hardcore game such as Doom, Serious Sam, and Duke. However this game is kinda like hardcore shooting, it comes with really good system to grab all of my interest over 8 hrs. I had been playing this game unstopable at first time since I bought it. To myself, I love shooting game because I don't need to think to much; just move my fingers and sharpen my focus.This game might be loved by gamers in DOOM generation or Serious Sam, but for me this game is more than that. Co-oP system is still lack of fun sometimes. On the other hands, the most important thing is a ton of weapons in this game makes me think of several ways to kill monsters.I cannot say you will like it or not, but for hardcore shooting gamer - if you don't play this game, you aren't gamer from now on!"
76561197995214269,Recommended,324800,26280652,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,furnyQC,"Awesome game!Graphics are nice, but it's strongness lies in it's gameplay, indeed, you will have MANY weapons that you can choose(some are choices only thougth) and MANY ways to customize your arsenals. Unfortunaly, I'm actually speechless, I simply have no idea of what i should say (i rarely write reviews)so i just say what comes to my mind.So, graphics 7/10gameplay 10/10story 7/10"
,Recommended,324800,26479503,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Uncle Kaz,"Great sequel to the one of my favorite FPS gamesPROS+COOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOP up to 4 players+SUPER BIG amount of weapons+Upgrade system+Various difficulty settings+Great storyline+Battle system is even better nowCONS-A bit unbalanced for now(patches fixing it slowly)Great game with tons of stuff to do and great COOP,you should buy it!"
76561198028227242,Recommended,324800,26021135,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,SpiritWolf54,This game is good and funny at the same time. to sum it up if it's not right it's wang.
,Recommended,324800,26033054,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Pat,A great way to get some Wang.
,Recommended,324800,26173951,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Nitro,"Do you like catching monsters? Enjoy the power of friendship? Doing good for the community? Yeah, this is not the game for you.The way of the Wang is long…it’s hard…and ribbed for her pleasure. If you love a smart♥♥♥♥♥protagonist with an arsenal of one line zingers and♥♥♥♥♥kicking weaponry, this is the game for you. In the tradition of Duke Nukem and Serious Sam comes a hero from the East. Lo Wang comes in and punches you in the low hanging fruit, filling your day with pain and laughter. If you’re still reading I recommend you pick up Wang and play with it. 11/10"
,Recommended,324800,26298447,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,GTB,"This is a good game. The combat is smooth and satisfying, the story is.. well, it's there. Clearly, these guys are part of the John Carmack school of game design and THAT IS FINE. Just know what kind of a game you're buying here. Chances are if you played the first one you already know that.It's also pretty easy on normal difficulty. I would probably play on whatever is one step above if you're used to 1st person shooters.I played co-op and sp and got about 20 hours of game out of it, which is worth the 40 bucks I think. If you can get it for less than that, then do, immediately."
,Recommended,324800,29709619,Posted: 4 February,all,Volkenhammer,"Hey, you. Yes you.Are you reading the reviews before purchasing this game? Checking what the community thinks? Good on ya!If you do buy it, here's a word of warning from me: Play on NORMAL the first time.Save hard and above for challenge runs if you like the game enough for a replay. The difficulties are badly balanced in my opinion. I made it about 4 hours into the game, I think only dying to pitfalls on accident and one or two enemy deaths on hard difficulty, feeling odd about the whole experience. Enemies are much more damage spongey, and you encounter much more elemental elites on hard, all while promises of ""better loot"" remain unfulfilled. My current playthrough I started on normal yielded more weapons and more money (though that could possibly be RNG?) than hard, all while imposing a decent enough challenge and making me feel much more like a badass. I wish the difficulty was somewhere between hard and normal, personally.Anyway beyond that and some subpar menu and weapon-mod handling (it takes some getting used to), this game is a solid 9/10. Fun, satisfying combat, sweet weapons, crass humor (I'm not really all that mature when it comes to comedy) and tight controls. Worth buying."
,Recommended,324800,30888891,Posted: 1 April,all,bobvoncandy,This game is amazing
,Recommended,324800,30943751,Posted: 4 April,all,Straitjacket Samurai,"Great game.  Even better if you still laugh at ""that's what she said"" jokes.Wang.  His name is Wang."
76561198065279823,Recommended,324800,30956910,Posted: 5 April,all,Woozle,Great gameplay. Funny jokes. Badass main character. And much more
,Recommended,324800,26024984,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,woof,除了cdpr 预购绝对不会后悔的就是这款了
,Recommended,324800,27192886,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Valarrk,"Wanted to have done a playthrough at least one time before I wrote this review.The time has come ladies and gentlemen.Shadow Warrior 2 is a first-person shooter video game developed by indie studio Flying Wild Hog and published by Devolver Digital. It is the sequel to the 2013 Shadow Warrior, the reboot of the 1997 original. (thanks Wikipedia)After having played Shadow Warrior I decided to pre-order Shadow Warrior 2, because I really liked part 1. Compared to Shadow Warrior, you can see the devs really outdid themselves with Shadow Warrior 2. They listened to points of critisism players had regarding the first game wich, in my opinion, says a lot about the developers.GameplayAwesome! :DThe gamplay is just as it's predecessor really fun, they have even made it more fun with a big variety of weapons and weapon upgrades and so on.They have randomised map layouts so the maps always look fresh and new. I've spent hours wandering around in the enormous maps slaying demons and monsters along the way.That brings me to my next point, visualsPretty good graphics, everything looks beautiful I think.Replay value?Depends on how you've played the game in your first playthrough. There's a lot to discover and a lot of missions to be done. I do think trying this game on a harder experience is fun, but the story line won't change, so maybe it's not the same as the first time.Final verdictSo glad this game was made, I've enjoyed every moment playing this. Every person is different, but I can I say recommend this game. I'm not a fan of giving numbers or percentages, so I'll just say this is a game I had the most fun with.~Valarrk"
,Recommended,324800,28111551,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Kuuhaku,"This game was my most anticipated title of the year. The first one blew me away, and I couldn't believe it didn't get more attention for being so visually spectacular and fun (first person melee combat is rarely good or visceral in the way that SW2013 is). The sequel is good, but they throw out the linear story-based game with a simple ability/weapon upgrade system in favor of a mission-based shooter that feels more like Borderlands than anything else. Wang is still funny, the environments and shadows still look best in class, and the gun and swordplay are still super satisfying, but the pacing is wrong. Stopping to loot, and spending a lot of time in menus modifying weapons and equipping new ones feels more monotonous than it should, and turns it into something more reminiscent of Borderlands than SW2013. They might've gone too far in a few places, here.Seems like a lot of people had the same issues. I kind of wish they had just stuck to their guns and given us more of the same type of game the 2013 version was. You can see what FWH was going for pretty clearly; they wanted to include a ton of weapon variation that the 2013 system just wouldn't have allowed for (that game played more like an old school shooter where there's x # of total guns and once you have them all that's it). Including claws or dual swords wouldn't have been easy to do unless they were purely a cosmetic change. But the benefits of having a bunch of extra weapons were outweighed in my opinion by the tedium of equipping and socketing them.The last problem I had with the game was the sidekick character. Kamiko just doesn't have the same impact or rapport with Wang/the player that Hoji did. Hoji's story in the 2013 game was surprisingly poignant, and by the end of a game that was supposed to be about murdering the ♥♥♥♥ out of demons as a man whose name is a euphemism for♥♥♥♥♥♥♥shouting puns about it every few minutes, I was actually emotionally invested. Hoji was a friend. Kamiko clearly detests Wang until like, 2 or 3 missions from the end, when she kind of has a make-or-break moment of ""oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ this guy holds my fate in his hands I need to stop being such a♥♥♥♥♥♥to him."" It's abrupt, it doesn't work for me, and I didn't care about her at all.Shadow Warrior 2 is still worth a look to anyone interested. Even with all the flaws, the gunplay and visuals are so good I still rate it an 8/10 at least. But I would highly recommend newcomers trying the 2013 game first. It's a better, more compact experience, and regularly goes on sale for like $5. The writing is better in that game and doesn't try so hard to recapture bottled lightning."
,Recommended,324800,26015569,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,DMStewart,"(UPDATE at Bottom) I was so worried that a sequel would be a skeleton of Shadow Warrior; that they wouldve hollowed out its body, removed its soul, and replaced it with a bunch of things that no one was wanting or expecting.Thank god that didnt happen. Ive played the intro/training style mission. And it seems to have kept everything that was great about SW and improved on areas that were lacking.First off, the intro itself (cut scene) is great. Im glad to see the rabbit finally get a starring role and be front and center [on my windshield]. To me, the rabbits were sort of the hapless npc of SW. All they really wanted to do was get their freak on. And so many were killed in that process. Some revolted, albeit possessed, and still received the same fate.Im also glad to see that lanterns, benches, and other acoutrements are still fully destructable. I havent seen a bicycle yet but I will destroy it once I find one and post results.Climbing ledges, double-jump and aerial dashes all a huge plus. The double jump wasnt needed in SW but aerial dash wouldve been great. And climbing ledges and walls allows the devs to creat a much more 3d world. Rather than just look like a 3d world Wang is now part of, and interacts in a 3d world.Couple of things that Im not so crazy about so far: (And yes Im aware that Wang learned these things prior in SW) Right off the bat you can heal yourself. One of the challenges of SW was that if you hadnt unlocked the healing spell, you really had to be careful with how you approached certain fights. Dev have sort of capped this according to your available Chi. Fine. Not a deal breaker but seems to dumb-down the game. In addition you immediately start off with 3 weapons: Katana, uzi, and a very powerful .357 magnum. You seem to have retained two of your special powers with the katana but theyre slightly different than SW. And oddly enough it doesnt seem like you need any of that just starting off unless youre starting on the hardest difficulty. I played right through the beginning just using my katana. And I didnt need to use the special powers. Im sure that will change later on and I may need them. But it seems like too much in the start. It seems to almost give you an edge instead of learning how to develop your own strategy and fighting style (as people did in SW)[sic] ""Hold Control while falling to look more bad♥♥♥♥♥quot; - Ok, so if I fall from a high point I can hold CTRL and do a roll. Why not just have that happen automatically? In a game that already had a lot of key combos to remember, and now has added more keys, cant I just play the game without having to hold akey to make the character do something that you (devs) obviously think I should be doing anyway? I mean, had I fallen from a great height and had the action happen automatically, I wouldnt have said ""Oh man, I really wish I needed to manually do that"".Overall it seems ok. And its SW. As I get deeper into this I might add stuff into this review. Im sure there will be more things I like and dislike. I cant give it a a numerical rating yet. But I can give it a thumbs up. They would really have to ruin this to warrant a thumbs down.Update 10/17/2016 - I firmly believe and fully stand by the next statement. This is the best game of 2016 without a doubt. It also may be one the best FPS games ever made. I think it easily ranks with the top contenders. I do want to add to the review and talk about some other points in-depth in the near future. And since the game does almost everything right, I will address and dissect the few areas that I either didnt like, didnt seem to fit, or possibly werent needed at all. They are few and far between. And they also are so minor that they really dont affect the overall score I would give this game. But I do think its necessary to address them. I will update soon, Im jsut too busy having some of the most insane fights in FPS that Ive ever had. Its that good"
,Recommended,324800,26019504,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Trien,"This game is freaking amazing. I was expecting just a simple action melee shooter, but the fact they added RPG elements and online play is freaking amazing."
,Recommended,324800,33482136,Posted: 12 July,all,snowdrop,"Intro.After finishing the game at 62h including side missions/free roam on above ""normal"" difficulty I strongly recommend it if you are into a playful FPS with an RPG progression and combat system with skills to unlock, level up, plenty of weapons, gems et.c. While comparable in spirit to the ""Borderlands""-series, Ipersonallyprefer this any day due to deeper skill/customisation system and aesthetics.ProExtensive loot, crafting, skilling-system.Kick♥♥♥♥♥enviornmental graphics.Superb weapon models/animations.Many weapons.Co-op possible, and also supported by builds/skills.Private loot drops in co-op.Easy to get into.Veryhigh replay value (restart, keep loot/xp -> harder diff -> better loot + semi random levels / enemies).Doesn't take itself serious - whole story is a nonsensical parody of action movies/games, á la ""Kung Fury"".Free major updates after release.ConsUnoptimized and sluggish at times on high end systems, shows mostly in co-op: Battle Field 1 et.c. runs better.Some info about what stat/skill-related stuff means is lacking in game.Campaign progress in co-op is only saved at host, but xp & loot is saved by all.While free roaming and replaying is possible, a random mission generator should be in here at bounty board.Does not compare gear for you side by side when swapping weapon.Lastly, I'd actujally love to buy a DLC for this game that expands the game even more with mainly new enemies/environments/missions."
76561198040726584,Not Recommended,324800,26092004,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,MOTSKI,"Long...Hard...Ok if you play with it yourself but better with friends..If you can tolerate a few fetch quests and didn't mind Destiny's Sandbox approach to levels (I think there are only 4 areas with changing weather effects), you could find this worth your time especialy if your desperate for some Wang.However, if your looking for some simple and tradional non-stop action like the good olde days, then probably give it a miss and get Doom or Wolfenstein instead."
,Not Recommended,324800,26109789,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Fast & Loose,"I played on medium, being new to the game and not a very l33t gamer. The playthrough took about 8 hours, and I was not challenged at all. I dont see any obvious incentive to go through and play again.The story is also very simple, and fairly easy to see where it is going/bland. A lot of maps are re-used (Xings tower) and are very chore-ish to replay.Pros:Gameplay is very solidWeapon customization is greatCons:VERY short for a $40 gameStory is very dry, and cut scenes are very slow and feel tedious from the starteasy peasy on medium."
,Recommended,324800,30240267,Posted: 28 February,all,'tISMO dUCKLING,"I would recommend this game for people who just want to have fun, lay back and enjoy killing random demons or people who are hardcore gamers that want to finish the game and complete everything to a 100% state.Now.... the thing is that why would you want to buy this gamePros:- Beautiful Graphics- Great Optimizations (unlilke some other ""AAA"" games *cough* wildlands *cough*)- Wide variaty of weapons, skills, and upgrades- Amazing voice acting- Melee system- Somewhat high replayability- Boss fights- Humor- Easter EggsCons:- Story Length- Grinding for orbs....- Crashes (ish)- Lack of customization (multiplayer)- Lackluster of different NPCOverall.considering the fact that I have around 1143 weapon upgrades in total so i would r8 this game 1143/1500"
,Recommended,324800,26261505,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,calibrojosh10,"What I liked:Gunplay and swordplay improved and more fun that last gameLots of jokes, some stupid, but overall made me laughCo-opDecent progression with skill points and lootWhat You Need to Know:This game has such good visceral combat with holes appearing in enemies if damaged enough, along with bodies flying around with the swords slicing them up into piecesYou have xp to level your character with powers that heal, spike enemies, vanish away, or push enemies. With the rest mostly dealing with increasing stats for almost everything in the game, from ammo storage to elemental damage and sword special movesAlot of cutscenes, some are worth watching for the jokes. Some are pointless, luckily you can skip them all. Thank youHas meme jokesOver 100 fortune cookies with great funny quotes and fun to collect to read to your co op friends for a chuckleLots of variety of weapons that all look and behave differently, love the improved melee combat and animations.For a loot game, it makes a few mistakes that are annoyingSo much loot is given to you and 90% of it is garbage.With no filters, quick sell, or useful sorting; it gets tediousYou can craft new gems, but it's garbage, no hints at what you might get. Having all 3 gems having the same stat doesn't mean you'll get a stronger new one. Just a random ( not even always better)gem.The gems didn't hit a noticable treshold of becoming great until I started playing on the highest difficulty and getting great drops around half way trough the game.Once I got to that point, I could 2 shot some bosses and the the not really bullet spongy feeling was goneSpeaking of bullet spongy. This game is not a bullet spongy game for like 80% of game. If it is, your not using good weapons. I played solo on Insane difficulty and it wasn't a problem like every other loot game. Looking at you Destiny, Division and BorderlandsLevel design is weak, since I think it's only like 4 maps just shuffling the layout. You got 2 jungle levels, a sci-fi level, and a city level. Hand crafted levels like the 2013 always beat procedural levelsThis game doesn't replace the reboot, they offer 2 different styles of game, both are good with their own faults.My Score:BPrice:$32Completed in: 16 hours ( other playtime from co-op)Games similar:DiabloBorderlands"
76561197970339840,Recommended,324800,26060077,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,illequine,"Not what i expected at all.Skill system and gem & weapon upgrades are excellent (better than some RPG's).Graphically lush.Crude humour, and also some surprisingly witty dialogue.It's got lore, loads of it (all optional).In short it's a fast-paced ARPGFPS with co-op.Well worth the cash."
,Recommended,324800,26015944,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,[Epic!]killy,"Time for some serious WANG!Moves good, sword fight is like i remember it from no.1, the Wang chat and jokes are epic.Time for some serious wang fun i guess and i'm in only for 1 hour!"
76561197962863821,Not Recommended,324800,32496606,Posted: 17 June,all,Cyber-Thug,Bullet sponge enemies and maze like auto generated levels take away all the fun.Only buy if you want to play in mutli player.Get the first Shadow Warrior if you want a single player game
,Recommended,324800,29665632,Posted: 3 February,all,󠀡,Played it only for an hour till nowGameplay is goodits a fun game something like Sunset overdrive or saintsrow or DeadpoolThe graphics are fine not so good but tottaly worth it and in the end graphics doesn't make a good game ;)anyway till now the game is good
,Recommended,324800,26018991,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,m A R T Y,If you liked the recent DOOM game then you are gonna love this.
76561198051368811,Recommended,324800,26087634,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Penetrator♂,GOTY 2016
,Recommended,324800,31892593,Posted: 21 May,all,YBAlam,"Bought The Game For The Wang Jokes, Worth it."
,Recommended,324800,26167489,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Snivy,"At first I was dissapointed at the difficulty and the gameplay...Then came the Patch 1.1.3.0 and everything changed.The Difficulty cranked up, freeroam added and new game plus?♥♥♥♥ YEAH! I'M IN HELL AND LOVING IT!EDIT:As some commentor beneath me mentioned it seems that upon the later tiers things get less rosy with godlike spongey monsters, experience caps on tiers and 100 % exp loss on death.I feel the Experience cap really makes it a dread :< if you can't get properly against them."
76561198026116404,Recommended,324800,26329709,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Kaztinka,"Remember that time when video games were fun?were you disappointed by the hype generated by other inferior products that never delivered?FRET NOT, MY CRESTFALLEN CHILDRENFOR THIS IS OUR ONE & TRUE SAVIOR FROM THE CESSPOOL OF MODERN GAMES' MEDIOCRACY!THIS GAME IS TRULY WANGTACULAR!"
,Not Recommended,324800,26108817,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Subspace,"Shadow Warrior 2 makes me very conflicted.Its got better swordplay, gunplay, amazing graphics, coop, and even more wang.However, I can't help but feel the game lost some of its flair and style with the inclusion of these hub worlds. Shadow Warrior 2 was a great game, but the more I played the more I felt that the world was more bland not nearly as atmospheric as the areas in the first.The new mind sidekick doesn't feel as interesting and her dialogue with Wang isn't nearly as dynamic and funny as Hoji's was in the first game. Maybe I haven't played enough but that's my opinion as of now.I do not think this game needed to become a loot-and-shoot game. There's just something about it that just makes everything feel less rewarding and the menu even more cluttered. Shadow Warrior 2 should have stuck to the strengths of the first when it comes to the way progression is handled. In Shadow Warrior 2013 every time I started to feel bored, a brand new weapon that was completely different from everything else would show up, and usually a new enemy as well. In Shadow Warrior 2 however, you get so many drops and weapons feel like they drop at random, as a result you never get that feeling of excitement or satisfaction of feeling like you've progressed in the game, If that makes any sense.Despite my overall negative opinions in this review, Shadow Warrior 2 is a great game with amazing graphics and tight gameplay. It's just not the game for me, and if you don't like the formula of shoot, loot, shoot, loot similar to Borderlands, then I don't think you will enjoy this game too much."
76561198011515629,Recommended,324800,26019872,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Blackcompany,"Fantastic.Fast paced, visceral, light hearted. Tons of loot and customization. And utterly respectful of the player's time, effort and input. A game wherein you have levels that dont make skill irrelevant, customizations that enhance the game play but dont replace it. Levels large enough to explore but not so sprawling as to utterly waste the player's time.Despite not particularly enjoying the first game's demo, or Doom, I cannot recommend this fast paced, brilliant, hack and slash/shooter hybrid enough. For fans of light hearted action whose weapon strikes carry far more weight than the plot or tone, this is a dream come true."
,Recommended,324800,26042789,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,GoodLy,HOW THE ♥♥♥♥ ARE THERE NEGATIVE REVIEWS FOR THIS GAME?!
,Recommended,324800,31842953,Posted: 19 May,all,Autoshot,He drives a Z; if you don't like this game you can just ♥♥♥♥ right off.
,Recommended,324800,30665021,Posted: 22 March,all,Arkham Soldier,Good
,Recommended,324800,32664631,Posted: 22 June,all,Spoopy Ash,An amazing game. Shadow Warrior 2 is like Borderlands with Japanese Deadpool as the main character.
76561197969272407,Not Recommended,324800,26190058,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,DragonOne,"I seriously dont recommend anyone buing this, the game is ruined in every possible way.theres just too much everything compiled ♥♥♥♥♥ily together now also the enemies are ridicously tough even on easier difficulty setting so the gameplay sucks big time. last but not least the weapons, every single one of them are completly useless since they dont do♥♥♥♥♥♥damage to anything even with buffs and such."
,Recommended,324800,31421021,Posted: 28 April,all,Drewtron,10 WANGS OUT OF 10!
,Recommended,324800,31471887,Posted: 30 April,all,NaU.Uberjannie,"Good fun in coop. It does get repetetive and you won't get the awesome weapons until late in the game, which is a shame. Also a huge cliffhanger at the end, which is also a bummer. Still thumbs up though, since it is good fun in coop."
76561198066248246,Recommended,324800,34513342,Posted: 26 August,all,Plasma,"Wang is Funny, Wang funny = Game funny. Game funny = you should by :)"
,Recommended,324800,26043414,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,LeoKilo,10/10Game of the year
76561198074943357,Recommended,324800,26018438,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,yair666,This is how Duke Nukem Forever should have been done.Great Work Devs !!!
,Not Recommended,324800,26490344,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Leslaron,"The loot and inventory systems made me want to poke my eyes out with a fork, but I'm afraid if I do they'll drop an elemental damage increase item.If you can survive them, it's alright."
76561198021757575,Recommended,324800,26136382,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Incipit Satan,OUTSTANDING GAME LOVE IT!!!!!!!!Story line Wangs Sense Of Humor Is Still Rich In This Game..Just Like Duke!!!There Is Plenty To Do In This Game Too Keep You Busy..Multiplayer Is Fun But Is Very Annoying..Stay Together Well Get Threw This..Help Help.. Nope Everyone Always..Goes There Own Way!!!!!!Other Than That A Must Own Game I Will Say Its More Challenging Than The First Game..Finding Secrets And All That Alot More Perks Weapons Etc..
76561198062043339,Not Recommended,324800,27280093,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,dr. Smegman,"As someone who absolutely loved Shadow Warrior 2013 I was hugely let down by Shadow Warrior 2.Shadow Warrior 2 is honestly a slog to get through from start to end. I played it by myself on the highest difficulty, and by the time I got to end credits I let out an honest sigh of relief (before getting angry at the ending)The game starts with some potential as I was pretty excited to see how many different weapons were in the game but as that initial wonder wears off it's replaced by boredom and frustration.This game is not at all difficult. I played on the highest difficulty which means that normal enemies could at times take literally hundreds of bullets to kill. This is by far the best way to make your game boring, let me sink clip after clip into a standard enemy before letting me move on without providing any actual challenge. If you die, even on the highest difficulty nothing much happens, your enemies get there health back (annoying) you lose your chi (mana) and a percentage of your total money, other than that you just spawn maybe five seconds away from where you were to jump straight back into the fight so you can hold that left mouse button for another ten minutes. The game sacrifices any actual challenge for bullet sponge enemies. If you invest in chi regen and your healing spell (which you should) you will have almost infinite health, at this point every battle is a battle of attrition as you dash from side to side holding the left mouse button until everything dies and you hear a repeated quip from your favourite murderer Lo Wang.This game has very clearly taken inspiration from the Borderlands series (take from that what you will) meaning that its progression system revolves around boring upgrades that are based soley on small percentage upgrades that don't make a lick of difference to the way you play the game. Playing on the highest difficulty promises to give you the best upgrades however what I found was I got the upgrades that I was going to use around 8 hours into the game and never found an upgrade even up until the end credits. This effectively make the upgrade system useless given that even when I unlocked the ability to craft my own gems I still couldn't make anything better than what I had found earlier.By the time I got to the last 5-6 hours of the game my experience was as follows.Enter levelRun past every enemy to the objectiveRun wherever I was told to runFight whatever I'm told to fight for upwards of ten minutesRun around looking for ammo because enemies take hundreds of bullets to killReturn to the fightRepeat until end creditsThis game made me hate it and that makes me really sad. I honestly wanted to love this game as much as I did the 2013 entry but it suffers the same open world, crafting, shoot 'n' loot fate that a tonne of other games are currently suffering. One of the worst games of the year unfortunately."
,Recommended,324800,29439337,Posted: 23 January,all,MasoN,"Looks better than doom,More fun,More action + loot system and items,although levels are not good as doom."
76561198048080861,Recommended,324800,26170331,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Gilford The Brütal Legend [DFS],"""It's like playing Genji but fun and consistent""-MeShadow Warrior 2, if I'm honest is an amazing game. The visuals are superb, the gameplay is brilliant fun, the story is great even though you might not need to focus on it considering the game offers a great enough experience with the gameplay and graphichs alone. This game is a gem in the sea of subpar triple A titles coming out nowadays, not only gameplay wise but even performance wise, solid 60+ fps at all times. I garuantee you'll like this game, especially if you enjoyed the first Shadow Warrior remake from 2013. This game, as a matter of fact improves on all the things I didn't like from the 2013 remake like adding a minimap and open world, as well as a wayy larger array of weapons to choose from. OH And Co Op. 4 player co op is tons of fun to play with friends if you're up for it.  Overall if you're into hack and slash gameplay/gore this game is perfect for you. I loved it. 10/10 from me."
76561198005025868,Recommended,324800,32623138,Posted: 21 June,all,Shadoka,Why can't I vote without text?
76561197973195174,Not Recommended,324800,26434072,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,wittekip,"Let me start by saying that I'm not really that much of a shooter fan, but I did love the first game and I'm also a fan of co-op stuff like Left 4 Dead and Borderlands.That being said, this game in its current form just isn't a very good sequel to Shadow Warrior (2013) and not a very good loot-based co-op shooter either.The main problem I think is that the game is hurt by too much randonmess: rather than a tightly crafted and challenging corridor shooter, you get a a game in which nearly everything is random and as a result of that, more often than not just not very compelling.Despite of the random nature, pretty much every fight and every level feels exactly the same, and apart from very basic tactics regarding various elemental weapons, there just isn't too much to most of the fights - sure, they can be fun and fast and frantic, but the majority ends up feeling far too easy and far too long. This is made worse by the fact that especially in co-op dying rarely feels like it matters and it's far too easy to use cheesy kiting techniques.On top of that, exploring the levels just isn't very much fun since all they will ever offer is more of the same, and the game throws so much  and such poor loot at you that running around collecting everything is rather pointless - pretty much all the cool stuff is obtained automatically or very easily found by killing the mini-bosses and the endless slew of weapons mods that you get is more of a chore to sift through (using a horrible interface) than something to get excited about. This is probaby the first game ever, also, in which low level common or rare upgrades are often better than ultra expensive and and rare legendary upgrades, further adding to the sense of pointlessness of it all.And to top it all of, the system with a quest hub and numerous fetch quests adds very little to a game of this type, other than constantly keeping you out of the action with endless loading screens and boring cutscenes. I simply started skipping them halfway through.I'm not ruling out the possiblity that this game can be ultimately saved by a gigantic patch that overhauls the loot system into something meaningful and rewarding, but even then I feel that the repetitive and random nature of this game will not lead to something memorable. It's OK to play in short bursts if you just want to have something colorful to look at without having to think to much, but it feels far to much like busywork to be compelling for long periods of time."
76561198119174024,Not Recommended,324800,28826116,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Sether♥uth,"Really loved the first one. I was really hyped to play this but only got mindless looting and♥♥♥♥♥♥story. If you love Regurgitated Level structure, mindless looting + killing, then this is what you're looking for. But if you love the first one's story and hoped to see more of what the game offers in a nice sequel (as I hoped) then you will be left in want. :/"
76561197970701643,Recommended,324800,26015600,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,The main menu has a better soundtrack than Doom.
76561197973018655,Recommended,324800,29536166,Posted: 28 January,all,HiddenX,Good shooter with funny chats.
,Recommended,324800,29882189,Posted: 12 February,all,🌸shawty🌸,d
76561197991439370,Not Recommended,324800,26171044,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,sironion,"Bought this game as soon as I realized it was out and finished in a couple days.  It was pretty damn great.  The story is eh, but some of the dialogue is gold, and the gameplay was fast and very fun.  Last night I went to sleep as a badass ninja, and this morning, I wake up a chump with nerfed weapons and skills in a single player game.  There is now no reason to complete quests in subsequent playthoughs as they removed the skillpoints gains from quest rewards in NG+, which was evidently a ""bug"".  The weapon I waited for the ENTIRE game was nerfed to the point of meh, and I've lost any interest in continuing through NG+.  Good thing they already got my money eh?"
,Recommended,324800,29314322,Posted: 17 January,all,✪ BOSS KONG ✪,Literally DBZ the FPS. 10/10.
76561198150524093,Recommended,324800,29241783,Posted: 13 January,all,Kentucky Fried Watermelon,"This game can give you great comfort after playing hours of hanzo and genji in overbutt, 11/10."
,Not Recommended,324800,33679678,Posted: 20 July,all,Xuchilbara,"This game was quite disappointing for me. While the gunplay and weapons are great, everything else seems to be falling apart due to rushed development and general lack of inventiveness. I don't feel like writing a long review so I'll just make the usual list of pros and cons:PROs:+ Fun, satisfying gunplay and melee combat.+ Extremely wide arsenal of available weapons, even if several ones are simply improved versions of already existing ones.+ Fast-paced combat, faster than the previous title.+ Fun to play in co-op.CONs:- Procedurally generated levels. I ♥♥♥♥ing hate those. Every level looks the same, there's practically zero level design and it all gets boring incredibly fast. Even secrets are placed in the same spot when you get in the same area template, so there's very little incentive to exploration. Horrible.- Brain-dead enemies that require no particular strategy or skill to be defeated. Even bosses are nothing more that huge bullet sponges that rush you and simply require to be stuffed with lead until they die. In the previous game you had monsters that could only be damaged if hit from behind or after having their shield destroyed, bosses that were only vulnerable in certain moments etc. None of that is present in this sequel.- Non-existent difficulty. Enemies will kill you a few times during the first hours by outnumbering you and throwing you♥♥♥♥♥♥from all directions, then you'll exp up, find better weapons and get powerful skills and everything will become incredibly easy even at high difficulties. The dumbest thing here is that there is no level cap, you're supposed to choose your skills wisely but you can just keep farming karma and skill points until you become completely OP.- Tons of useless side-quests blatantly made to keep the player busy with zero effort.- Overly-exaggerated and unbalanced powerup system that gives you an insanely huge amount of gems to use or craft in order to give special powers to weapons. It's fun for the first couple of hours, then you get really tired to look at all those literal hundreds of items and you just throw in the ones that give you more damage or DPS. Which is the best thing to do anyway. There should have been WAY less items to find around but of better quality and maybe it all would've made some sense, but as it is it's needlessly dispersive and tedious.- Poor optimization, there are random FPS drops even in situations with no big hoardes of enemies or effects on-screen.- Lame story. Narration was obviously not the main course of the previous title but it got surprisingly interesting in the end, plus Hoji was a great sidekick. Plot is straightforwardly uninteresting this time, and Kamiko is an unbearable little floozy. The ending sucks big time, too. Devs unexplicably wanted to throw in a lot of utterly useless lore written into notes scattered around, but reading all that stuff breaks the action and honestly nobody really cares. This is not a RPG. A small bunch of trivia like the Doom logs would've been more than enough.If you just want to brainlessly shoot stuff every now and then I can recommend to buy this game on sale, but if you're looking for a challenging and captivating shooter you should really look somewhere else. A shame, really. I loved the first Shadow Warrior remake so much and I expected this sequel to be at least as entertaining as the predecessor, but my expectations weren't met."
76561198002124849,Recommended,324800,29906295,Posted: 13 February,all,Fou-Lu,"Great improvement over the predecessor, and the best Borderlands-style game to date.Seriously, skip Borderlands and just play this."
76561198112083617,Recommended,324800,28698218,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Brotato,This is one of the best fps games I have played and I highly recommend it :D
,Recommended,324800,29955922,Posted: 15 February,all,XOdiAC_XSYCHO,"gameplay 10/10story WTF !visuals 10/10character models WTF !optimization 10/10you are expecting WTF? sorry the rest is good, i guess XDbuy it on sale.. good co-op.. not as great as L4D2 or dying light's co-op.. but still good enough.. !4.5/5"
,Recommended,324800,26018192,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Asimov,GOTY.
,Recommended,324800,26124503,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Лина Малина,"Game is good. Its addictive in a good way and its definitely not repetitive. I mean at some point you think it is and next moment you find a Bunny Lord, a super spectre and 4 elites on your♥♥♥♥♥ and everything just illuminates.If you want something to keep you entertained without asking too many moral questions this is probably the best thing."
76561198044016870,Recommended,324800,26079665,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Yatta!,This game is wangtastic!
76561198061893685,Recommended,324800,26020350,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,PawPaw,"The graphic is good. So far the game is fun and the monster are cool even on insane difficulty. Overall the weapon and gameplay are nice. What to say, i'm a gore lover . Who don't love slicing up monster to have some fun."
76561198136786883,Recommended,324800,26065746,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,chillZ,The game is incredibly fun on your first playthrough on the second most people wont be even bothered. One of the only things driving me to finish the game multiple times is the achivements. because 1 the game can be very buggy like when u climb a ledge and u fall into the ground causing you to waste time and return to the main menu. but aside that the game is pretty darn fun on the first playthrough but can become incredibly repetetive.
,Recommended,324800,26917091,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Blade1709,Just buy it.... Its gud!
76561198034547998,Recommended,324800,26062746,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Gidoren,buy it
,Recommended,324800,26027120,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Vertikaalinen Vittu,Da.
,Recommended,324800,26066822,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,tropi,"Extremely fun gameplay, graphics look awesome, and the optimisation is incredible! Over 70fps at all times with an R9 290! The variety of weapons make the game exciting and fresh.The co op is generally fun, but there are some slight issues where i can not interact with mission items; i.e picking up the quest item, handing the quest in etc.Other than that the game is very fun and i can see it being played by myself for a long time."
,Recommended,324800,26024068,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Don | Dead x.x,"Shadow Warrior: The Way a Games are meant to be MadeWhile Mafia III, The Division, No Man's Lie....err Sky and a lotsa other apparent AAA games ♥♥♥♥ed up royally♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off the customer base, Devolver brings out a game which is AAA quality in terms of graphics and gameplay with very minimial number of bugs, extremely fun and priced way below the AAA mark.The game is about Lo Wang (what we get if Deadpool was actually Asian), who is a Class S Assassin with an funny bone. Well 3.7 hrs into the game, the story looks pretty interesting. The gameplay is flawless mostly because of the optimization. The weapons OMG are awesome, especially the Chainsaw katana that came as a pre-order bonus. I haven't tried the co-op yet, So I will update the review after I look into the co-op and other mechanics.Also a note to other said AAA publishers.......I read this in a fortune cookie in game.... Time flies when you are grabbing nuns.....So stop slacking off and work to satisfy your customers. Learn form Flying Wild Hog and Devolver DigitalShadow Warrior 2.....Well Its my pick for the Game of the Year 2016."
76561198087804308,Recommended,324800,26906797,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TheRacknker,You want some mothafockin WANG!!!
,Recommended,324800,28818222,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,EddyTheHero,Nice game I really like this but wtf happend at the ending I'll give a 8.9/10If you haven't played the first one play it its really good ;)
76561198043627942,Recommended,324800,28995717,Posted: 3 January,all,Nub-spotting Nub,"All-in-all I really liked Shadow Warrior 2. The benefits of this game out way the bad bits, and yes there are bad bits, mainly due to the transformation into a kind of 'RPG' shooter. But this is worth playing and you cant curse them for trying to make something different. I will play this again like its predecessor most likely and it cost me 30 hours for a 'full'(with sidequests) playthrough.I will just write some points I liked, didn't like and am unsure about or are 'sus'.Pros-Good complexity of levels-Excellent variation in gear (I mean 'actual' weapons)-Difficulty is decent, - most is effortless , but there are some areas at points that are a reasonable challenge (trials) Hard is reasonably easy, so a good place to start if you play fps... Hell why not try insane... cant be that hard!! (Have not played through this yet :P dont take my word for it)-Style is very good, from music, to chatter and Bull**** & cheese. It's all well done on this one... Really like the cheese and tongue in cheek on this one ! :D-Reasonable length and replayability-Inventory screen is reasonably well set up, not the best, but once you use filters properly and know what your doing, picking improvements for weapons is reasonably easy, which is decent; given the complexity. There is a negative impact from this though namely the looting-lifecycle.-Several weapon improvement crafting systems-Decent boss fights, which don't feel *too* much like a console port's boss(if you know what i mean (stop do this, fire, stop do that, blah))-Runs well on my mid-range machine (i5, nvida 750 Ti)-Nice environments from the picturesque oriental countryside to the dark and cold city.-I liked the story; it was alright. Better than most standard games.-Plenty of useful and varied skills to make combat interesting-Worth your time investigating the tools you are given(combat skills/ weapons - this becomes more apparent mid way through).- In-game mini-map system is presented well.-Lots of vertical and horizontal level design in large levels.-Good Variety of Monsters (see my 'unsure' comment on different map-type monsters)-Combat is engaging and is good. At times it does feel like its competing with DOOM (chainsaws perhaps) (minus the executions).-Plenty of chainsaws and Gauss rifles :D What else could you ever need? Other than swords and Bow and arrow! and all the other stuff!Cons:-Parts of this feels like an 'action-rpg' where you walk around firing off skills. Doesn't breathe well.-Level design is questionable - often its a return to the same levels over, despite their complexity. All feel like they have been bolted together rather than being completely different from one another. They are not that bad though... (Edit: This is because the side missions are partially-randomly generated)-Lack of a compass on maps? try finding all the secrtets on this one... Also There is no 'whole level' map view/ zoom out map.-Borderlands l$$t disease : kill, pick up loot for an hour or 2... then sit there looking through gear for an hour and selling garbage ( i couldn't be bothered selling tbh :P )-Borderlands Bullet sponginess - makes it duller and doesn't make enemies memorable (at times)...-Global map is half-arsed in my oppinion. Could be better.-The Initial complexity of the weapons/player upgrade System, (i.e. the jewels) can cost you alot of time to work out a, what you have and b, how that fits with your gear. What also doesn't help is the lack of a 'compare item' function. Eventually, once you have loads of gear and assigned them all purpose it won't matter too much, BUT to get there you need to play with it first... And as with all looters, you have to review every-so-often which is very dull in my oppinion. Certain UTubers have mentioned that there should be an optimisation button, I agree also with that.-Why only '8' equipable weapons? why not 9 or 10? There should  be a realistic limit, but I really found it hard fitting my favourite and best guns in. Only solution, go to inventory and switch around there... don't see point...Things I'm reserved or not sure about :-Sword and melee feels like its watered down somewhat... It feels like its a button masher... Dont get me wrong, still feels good and has PLENTY in common with SW1, but at times there feels like it lacks the elegance SW once had.. (Im certain it did...) . 'Killing Floor 2' did this better along with 'Chivalry: MW' .-the game starts fairly slowly. It does gets good though; could be me though (i.e. immersion)-There are Plenty of Monster types, but the city has pretty much a copied version in a different skin. It would have been better if the city played completely differently as oppose to the same kind of thing.Hoping the devs update this as its an online game. It may get better. Its a good, fun game already."
,Recommended,324800,28811457,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Bork Lazer,Borderlands + Serious Sam = Shadow Warrior 2!Shoot & Loot style RPG system is what this game needed to stand out over the original Shadow Warrior reboot and other Serious Sam / Doom style old school shooters.Great for multiplayer co op too!
,Recommended,324800,28964488,Posted: 2 January,all,Sulkydrag00n214,"The wang is wise, The wang is powerful, The wang is mighty. So who wants some wang."
,Recommended,324800,29010767,Posted: 4 January,all,MOTZI,"Gameplay Review : 8/10+ Charismatic character : Savage replies and badass attittude.(also bald wearing sunglasses)+ Tons of weapons variety : katanas, shotguns, pistols, SMG, Rifles and saws ... either ""real-life"" or sci-fi models.+ Monsters you don't see elsewhere : recipe = meat + bones + and some ugliness <3 . Really fun to annihilate.+ Gear customization : You can change the fire rate, improve weapons traits and even add elements to it.+ Character customization : You can improve your character by leveling up and you have access to improvable spells aswell.+ Very large maps : with interiors, interactive objects, traps and most importantlybunnies.. ehm..doing their business.- Somehow classic scenario : nothing really new or innovative.- Multiplayer not that great : basically single player missions with more players that's it.Technical Review : 6/10+ Great graphics in general : ambient lights, special effects (blood, magic, explosions) and weather. The buildings and envrionnement fits Japan's culture (for someone who went to Japan  last summer).+ Sounds : Average sound FX, not the best you've heard but also not the worst.(except for Lo Wang's voice)- Some rare graphical bugs.- No real cutscenes during main campaign and badly put.- Long starting loading.Overall Review : 7.5/10I, MOTZI the serial gamer, recommends this game. Thanks to steam discovery queue i .. well . discovered this game and immediately pre-order it and after playing it a bit i wishlisted Shadow Warrior 1. This is a great and fun game. Just buy it !#Discussions_QuoteBlock_Author"" Wangs out for Harambe. """
76561198045966388,Recommended,324800,28954940,Posted: 2 January,all,Acherrum,"DOOM meets BorderlandsI got this game after DOOM (2016) made me enjoy FPS again. I enjoyed Borderlands, sure, but I considered that more an action RPG from a first person perspective, than an actual FPS.So I was kinda eyeing this game for a while and I was kind of hoping the price would drop to below 20 euro.However, it didn't, but I decided I had a few extra bucks and deserved another game.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=832680966FunThis game is just fun. It doesn't take itself seriously, it's all about high speed first person combat and adolescent humour.The gunplay/looting mechanics are very Borderlands-like. Whereas the actual gunplay/gore/brutality feels more like DOOM (but that might be because of a lack of comparable material on my side). To quote TotalBiscuit: ""the shots feel very 'meaty'.""The story is there, but it isn't very deep and interesting, it is mostly just funny and used to tie all the combat together. Instead of running and gunning all the time, you hop on back to the hub and get a little bit of background and a few jokes.There are side-missions to get your hands on more skills and weapons, and again, these are mostly just dialogues for the ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles and tying the different action sequences together.Gore-geousThe game looks great, as you probably have seen. The artstyle is kind of unique, as far as I can tell, with the colourful neon, yet dark setting. The textures are of very high quality, giving an extremely crisp feel to everything.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=832682205Graphical optimizationThere are a ton of particles and even setting them to low, causes a huge framerate problem when a ton of explosions take out a ton of enemies and fire, blood and body parts litter the screen.Granted, I'm running this on an Asus R9 290 (OC edition), which is an older card, but running this on medium or high, does not change a thing.Although generally well optimized, the amount of particles does cause a few issues during heavy encounters, but usually the issues happen when the enemies start dying, so it's not that bad.If you're equiped with one of this year's GPUs, you'll probably be fine though.VerdictThis game is definitely worth 20-30 euro. The amount of gameplay alone puts it at that pricerange. I'll compare it to DOOM again. DOOM's campaign was amazing and really pulled you in. The gameplay, the level design and the brutal fun really got me hooked to explore and play through it. It took me 17 adrenaline-filled hours, and now, I'm done. I was thinking about doing the whole snapmap thing, but I haven't gotten to that yet, nor have I really felt like diving back in.Now Shadow Warrior 2. I'm about 60% through, just finished the free DLC for the first time and I did the Christmas event already. So far, I've clocked 21 hours. There is still NG+, there is co-op and I've still got a bunch of missions to go through.I'm pretty sure I'll end up playing through the campaign at least once more with a friend and we'll probably also spent a fair amount of time in the trials. Who knows what other (free) DLC and events will come our way in the future.This game offers a ton of gameplay hours, although they might feel repetitive to some, considering there are only 4 'biomes'.If you're looking for an amazing singleplayer campaign, go check out DOOM.If you're looking for a fun(ny) game, with a good amount of challenging content and co-op potential, definitely pick up Shadow Warrior 2!"
76561198053788206,Recommended,324800,28800241,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Niko,Very good ''Doomlike'' game with jokes and borderlands 2 style gameplay. Wangtastic co-op. Much to do.Level design could be better.
,Recommended,324800,29044552,Posted: 5 January,all,☩Inquisition☩,a confident 9/10
76561198317874847,Recommended,324800,28911978,Posted: 1 January,all,BALAKESANAKE,"So at first i didnt really care about this game but then thought to give it a try beucase i had some free time and omg this game is fun as hell but with friends on co op basiclly its borderlands 2 combined with doom  but with japanies history you have a lot of weapons you can choose and find or get from missions , the world it self is kind of little and not big as a borderlands map but you wont mind it because what you will be doing is cutting demons and yakuza with your friends i recommend this game but only in co op playing this game alone is really boring and gets on your nervespros--good story- co op-nice graphics- a lot of weaponscons--really boring to play alone-no after game missions (extra missions)-ends kinda quick (10 hours i think)i give this game a 7.5/10"
,Recommended,324800,29206592,Posted: 12 January,all,Games Dean,Alot of wang for the buck!
,Recommended,324800,29219740,Posted: 13 January,all,ehetyz,"Game of the year. Beautiful, funny, fast-paced old-school action with ARPG elements that give the game depth but don't require you to go full autist.Also has the best damn theme song since probably Duke Nukem."
,Recommended,324800,28827024,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Hammerheart,"A massive improvement over it's predecessor, Shadow warrior 2 is a run-and-gun FPS with co-op, loot, lite-rpg elements and great humor. The game is pretty short but is fun enough for multiple play-throughs. Co-op makes this great game even better.Also, the soundtrack is ♥♥♥♥ing great"
,Recommended,324800,26029974,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,c-pin,i added so many addons to my weapons that it crashed the game10/10 would wang again
,Recommended,324800,32075623,Posted: 30 May,all,(SS) | SwaB [24],Gr8 b8 m8 no h8 I r8 8/8
,Recommended,324800,29227868,Posted: 13 January,all,TÓ.ôBoy,"Well if Borderlands were Doom and Doom were a good game, well int that world Shadow Warrior 2 would not be necessary. (Kind of) lucky me, neither Doom is Borderlands nor its a good game so Shadow Warrior can shine in all its beauty.The game mechanics are fun, it's fast, the meele combat is cool and the characters are hilerious. Shadow Warrior 1 were awesome as well but SW2 is taking stupid humor to a next level. The main character is a complete♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and best of all aware of it, the jokes are brutal and brainless and the side characters are doing a great job. If one like that kind of humor, SW2 is a great game and if you don't... well then you are kind of an unlucky person since you are going to miss this experience."
,Recommended,324800,32900146,Posted: 27 June,all,Leo Giambelluca,"if you played shawod warrior one you can't miss this one, Flying Wild Hog shinning once more great game"
76561198118653217,Recommended,324800,32894819,Posted: 27 June,all,Thatoneguy22,10/10 would recommend
,Recommended,324800,28987762,Posted: 3 January,all,Rocky,"If you liked Shadow Warrior 2013 then get this now. It plays a bit different than before but that's because it's adifferent game.Things here are faster, louder, and a lot of the fat is trimmed from the previous title, providing a fairly decent arena for multiplayer shenanigans.Pros:- Lots of punchy guns and melee weapons, handed out at a good rate throughout the campaign to keep you satisfied JUST enough- Viscera, viscera, viscera- Big Trouble in Little China on drugs- Developers obviously had a good time making this- Lots of options for modding guns and powers to your liking- Demon rabbitsCons:- Humour 85% falls flat (but 15% literal lols)- Gems get quite numerous and samey, making it hard to tell them apart to socket the gems you really want- Missions tend to get buggy and disappear from the hub world (at least for me and my friends)- Maps a bit samey as well and easy to get lost in"
,Recommended,324800,26687613,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,What The Fup,Beware the Bunny Lord
76561198330769820,Recommended,324800,26054682,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Bud,i like wang
76561197970785554,Recommended,324800,26062912,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Hal_2005,"A SJW told me this game was racist and triggered her. So I played the game. I then beat the game, I then told them about how awesome it was using♥♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes. I then fed her my Wang.Thanks Shadow Warrior 2 for the fresh D-list pickup lines and run & gun action.11/10. This is the game DNF should have been. Buy it."
76561198007143476,Recommended,324800,26038968,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,ZatOne [GTribe],"There's a lot to like about Shadow Warrior 2. Hot and fast graphics, semi-procedural environments, parkour-like ninja speed and movement, badass enemies, the WANG attitude, gratitious gore, a loot system with dozens of weapons, and my personal favorite... CHAINSWORDS! My only gripe is that there are only a few area hubs to explore. Probably a drawback of their approach to the procedural environments. At some point, I almost felt bored. I don't care much about the story either... I just want to see MORE HOT and FAST GRAPHIXX!!!UPDATE: Going through 2nd playthrough now... yeah, like most of the recent reviews mention, the inventory system is a convoluted mess. Serviceable, but tedious to manage when you're quickly collecting upgrades left and right. I still don't care about the story, and I'm glad I didn't, since the ending was very abrupt. The combat, cheese, and GRAPHIXX are what I'm coming back for. It just feels good to play. Despite my gripes with the inventory system, it still works, and I'm still working my way up the difficulty ladder with relative ease even if i'm not that good with FPS games. Yeah, I think this game was overhyped, but far from disappointing for me. DEFINITELY still a big green thumbs up. THANK YOU, Flying Wild Hog!"
76561198090234955,Recommended,324800,26089189,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,biu,I love to play with my Wang.
,Recommended,324800,26187826,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,takedown,such wowmany slashingvery powerful
76561198327208569,Recommended,324800,29981290,Posted: 17 February,all,happyang,bloody hell.Ilove itsword and gun
,Recommended,324800,26023922,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Kittybooze,"Although I've only just begun playing, this game almost makes living the lonely basement dweller life exciting again."
,Recommended,324800,33495248,Posted: 12 July,all,The Relatable One,"Just finished the story. For those who want the short answer: it's a great fast paced shooter that's definitely worth your time and money.To put it a bit longer, Shadow Warrior 2 is something of a strange combo of video game mechanics. Not a bad thing at all, in fact, the game's direction and design lend itself to a lot of replayability, which is something that's hard to hit in these types of games without any sort of PVP multiplayer. Basically, take Duke Nukem, make him Chinese, take the combat of Doom 2016, throw in sword play, and take the looting of Borderlands, as well as it's co op and throw it into a game. This defintely has its own twists, but this is the best way to describe it. You play as Lo Wang, a curiously named Chinese fellow who likes comic books, his car and killing things. In an accident that resulted in some girl's body being corrupted by some black magic stuff, you accept her soul into your head to save her as part of a ""owed favor"" kind of deal. The story has a lot of twists and turns and is fairly enjoyable. Some of the acting is a little awkward at times, but it's easily forgiveable.Story is hardly where Shadow Warrior 2 shines though. The combat is where this games shines without a doubt. It becomes frantic as hell with sequences involving the right combination of dodging, shooting, and slashing, all centered around switching between guns and swords. It becomes super addictive quickly as well. You feel like a badass ninja everytime you finish a shootout almost, though sometimes enemies with larger health bars will feel a little more grindy. The looting I mentioned earlier gets really deep as well, monsters and people you slay will drop ammo, healthpacks, and upgrades for weapons and your character. Weapons can be equiped with certain elemental upgrades which deal increased damage and have  specialized abilities on certain enemies. There aren't any tutorials regarding these things other than a tip on a loading screen from time to time, so it will take a little bit of messing around in menus for anyone who wishes to figure it out (I played most of the game without doing much regarding upgrades and weapon tweaks) I played the entire game through on single player, and while the game does seem to offer co-op through most of, if not all of the game, it always felt like the combat was better for solo play, though I couldn't be for sure. The only thing off-putting about this is that even when playing in single player, death seems still more co-op oriented. Rather than having enemies reset and starting back at a checkpoint to take on the task again, you respawn at the checkpoint to continue working on the sequence you were just in, and the enemies have the same health. It felt offputting mainly because it took away the urgency of not dying, because death had no effect on my progress thusfar. I mean you lose money and some things, but never that much. When I've respawned, it would say ""enemies health restoreed"" but when I returned to the area they were in, they would have the same health as before I died. Maybe it's a bug, maybe it means something else, I dunno.Level design seems pretty alright too. It's a step back from that of the first game because instead of making a linear set of levels, the designers made a bunch of open levels that different missions will spawn objectives in. You spend most of your time going between your base of operations and the wilderness/industrial zone where the missions are. It's not an open world, as you teleport between the hub and the level the objectives are in, but there is some continuity between levels, so it feels as if you're traveling to different parts of a region. The one thing I found was off putting about this was that it took away focus from navigating and finding secrets and a path through the level as you did in the predecessor and simplifies it to following a trail on a minimap (which gets a little confusing on occasion). Another thing that I liked less about this is that sometimes enemies will hold objectives, and the game doesn't do a very good job of letting you know that you got it. For instance, if an enemy holds a key to a gate I need, but the game just says ""retrieve the key to the gate"" I'll go to the location, enter a combat sequence and kill the enemy that was holding the key. Because you pick up things automatically by walking over them, or by aiming at it and pressing X (playing on controller here, feels quite good btw), I would often times end up finishing the combat sequence and wondering aimlessly for minutes before realizing I already got the key. There are notifications on the side, but I just feel as though it could be managed in a way that's less prone to distractions. One time (today in fact), the end objective of a side mission was being held by an enemy, so after I killed it I remained in combat for the next ten minutes or so as more enemies approached before I realized that I picked up the key ten minutes ago and wasted ten minutes killing enemies I didn't need to kill.So even though I kind of ragged on a few issues I had with it, it was still a great game. Regarding it's central focus, it's nearly flawless as the combat flows so perfectly, and Lo Wang's commentary throughout is memorable to say the least. Near the end of the story you'll grow a little more attached to the main characters, but it took longer than I expected. The gameplay however kept me hooked throughout, can't say I ever got bored of it, even when more grindy enemies came into the mix. If you're a fan of shooters, maybe you liked Doom and wished it had a more light hearted story going on, definitely give this a spin. And if you've played the first one and felt the combat got a little stale after a while, maybe give this a shot, it's tweaks have had massive impact and it feels much better,"
,Recommended,324800,30417374,Posted: 9 March,all,Custodian,It's like Hellgate mixed with Borderlands as far as gameplay. Story is lacking.
76561197970551058,Recommended,324800,32151140,Posted: 3 June,all,the.transfer,"To quote an earlier post,"" Do you like popcorn shooters? Top tier visuals? Inappropriate language? light RPG aspects? Mild non-linearity? Large levels? Huge mobs of enemies that explode in piles of blood and limbs? Then baby, this game is all you.""It's a bit like a borderlands remix with a bunch o mods for the guns instead of huge piles o guns, way better swordplay and sporadic killing floor style beverage mobs to grind...  its what the last Doom shoulda been imo, (still cant believe that wasnt a coop campaign by design, what a letdown)Unlike borderlands 2 though, finding a game can be hard,  i think it's about 6 months old now and though there are a few people hosting, so many kick strangers out before you have a chance to say hello that i musta joined about 10 - 15 games before i got a decent coop fix. Tried hosting a few times for upto 2 hours and didnt get anyone joining :(A couple of notable coop gameplay differences; seems to be that all players get thier own pickups, and only the host can activate progress triggers, good idea?   The maps are nowhere near the scale so no driveable vehicles / mecha. And theres some light crafting too....All in all, i hit the halfway mark some time last night and am enjoying it enough to play it through to the end, may even crank the difficulty up and give it another playthrough sometime too.   Easily an 8/10, a 9.5 for those of us into coop mob grinding..."
,Recommended,324800,26086571,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Private Aziz,"This game is fun as heck. finnished the story on hard, took me 13 hours and 31 mins to complete all the side quests and story along with a little bit of chest hunting. Also, There are some bugs in the game that are not ground breaking but overall great game.P.S.Don't get hooked by a enemy while they are teleporting back to their starting location. you'll get stuck under rocks or better! under a house."
,Not Recommended,324800,26226410,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,"AvJ.Punished ""Venom"" Shub","This game was so much fun before the 1.1.3.0 patch, I would be recommending it to everyone I knew. The ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t XP caps, plus losing 100 PERCENT OF KARMA ON DEATH and the really, really stupid nerfs made along with making the difficulty ramp up for artificial ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, makes it so I dread to play anymore. Sadly I had too much fun with the original version so I can't refund my way out of this, so I'm stuck having wasted 40 dollars on this. Shame on you Flying Wild Hog, shame on you.For some ♥♥♥♥ing reason my performance WENT DOWN after this patch too so I don't see how this is my fault when the game was near perfect on release. I'm sitting here with a 980Ti on max settings at 1080p with Conservative shading and I'm getting stutters out the♥♥♥♥♥where as before it was completely smooth with literally no frame drops anywhere."
,Recommended,324800,26087881,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Tesla,A rooty tooty shooty looty.
76561198097045655,Not Recommended,324800,26156865,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,000,"back to 1.1.2 and back to unlimited skill points.improve performance and fix bugs---I quote another person's comment in forum I like:""I suggest allowing players to adjust difficulty in more fine-grained ways than selecting ""Easy, Normal, Hard, Insane."" Let us turn or of features we like at our leisure. But if not that, please remove enemy health buff on hard and insane. And please allow players to acquire skill points on NG+ quests and please remove the level caps. At least make those optional.Or if you won't do any of that, please allow player to buy future DLC even if they haven't updated to the latest patch. If you release single player DLC, I'll very likely buy it if I can play on patch 1.1.2. I'll even buy a second copy of it on GOG just so I can. But I won't on the new patches. I'm not trying to threaten you with lost slaes, I'm just trying to communicate that I am worried I'm going to miss out because the game now just isn't the game I enjoyed for my first 20 hours."""
,Recommended,324800,26087060,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,[死]TyrannoScorpioRex,till now its great
,Not Recommended,324800,26156772,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Kailen,"This is not as good as the previous game.  It feels unpolished, incomplete.  Especially given the previous game.  They went more Borderlands style with this one, looter shooter, only it's lacking some elements that made that work.  The loot in this comes not from weapons, but from gems to slot into said weapons.  The problem with that is that most of these gems are just stat boosts.  A slight increase in a stat or two, and the ""better"" ones all come with a drawback.  There ARE some elemental ones, but again, they get slightly better as the game progresses, that's it.  The only ones that are actually good are there are a few that actually change the behavior of the weapons.  IMHO the system would be better with only those gems, and only one slot per weapon.  AND NO ♥♥♥♥ING ELEMENTS.  Seriously, I hate those.The recent patch 1.1.3.0 only made a few things worse.  And illustrates that the game is still, effectively, in beta.  They've been asking the community what they want to improve, and using that to balance the game... slightly.  They nerfed a couple things that were admittedly overpowered, but they also reduced the effectiveness of some things that weren't that powerful.  And on top of that they increased the difficulty of enemies, AND reduced the amount of skills players can get.  Enemies can now spawn resistant to everything just by the nature of having so many modifiers put on them in higher difficulties.  Combine that with removing one of the major reasons to even bother with New Game+ - that being gaining skill points from repeating missions (you only get the skill points once now, no matter how many replays), and it just feels like they're poking blindingly and hoping the game will eventually balance out.There's a lot of base weapons in the game, more than 70.  You won't use most of them.  I don't even really like the flow of combat in this one versus the previous game.  The previous game was quick, responsive, and you could do a lot with combinations of movement keys.  Double tapping a direction to prepare spells etc.  The new one puts them on different buttons, which just adds to the complexity of the controls.  And not in a good way.  Controllers are not able to be freely customized either.  This makes this game more complex, needlessly so.  The levels as well are pieced together procedurally generated to add some randomness.  However, the pieces do NOT always fit together well, creating a lot of seams and places where you could jump out of the map entirely, or get stuck.Even the story feel like a bit of a rehash, and a let down, from the previous game.  The previous game's was very interesting, and kept me sucked in.  This one feels disjointed, not helped by the fact that there are side missions.  The cut scenes as well are VERY badly animated.  Like they are filled with placeholder animation, with wild, exaggerated movements that in no way match up with what is going on.  It looks absolutely awful.All in all... no.  I don't recommend this.  Maybe if they fix it, but this game right now feels like Early Access... and I don't see it actually ever being completed."
,Recommended,324800,31958305,Posted: 25 May,all,G8crasha,"If you enjoy games like Doom, Shadow Warrior 2 is right up your avenue. The storyline is just mediocre, but where the game excels is in the pure adrenaline-based action that is thrown at you relentlessly. With a plethora of weapons, and elemental damage that can be attached to every weapon, the game is thoroughly enjoyabale. My advice though: if you are a seasoned FPS gamer, playing the game on anything less than the most difficult level is pointless. When you play at this difficulty, a lot more thought has to go into what elemental damage to use, and whether to use melee and ranged weaponry. This is where the game shines. You can never stick to one sort of elemental damage (enemies have elemental resistance), and one form of gameplay (some enemies are so aimate, you battle to kill them with ranged weaponry, while others would just bury you if you went at them with melee attacks) never works.Forget about graphics and storyline - play this game simply for the thrill of the action - you will feel like a real badass when you come out alive when enemies are thrown at you left, right and centre."
,Recommended,324800,31771077,Posted: 15 May,all,シセル Shiseru,"*Insert short Wang joke here*Brutal melee mechanics and satisfying ranged combat. Oh, and this game has over 75+ weapons; which can be individually upgraded.I luv dis gaem"
,Recommended,324800,32057540,Posted: 30 May,all,RPGEndBoss,"Do you like popcorn shooters? Top tier visuals? Inappropriate language? light RPG aspects? Mild non-linearity? Large levels? Huge mobs of enemies that explode in piles of blood and limbs? Then baby, this game is all you. I haven't had this much fun in an FPS since Painkiller. It's a much more varied, frenetic, and longer-lasting FPS than the previous Shadow Warrior, which wasn't that bad to be honest. The only drawback here is that the guns are incredibly weak when compared to melee."
,Recommended,324800,31984209,Posted: 26 May,all,NativeOne,"Very good game, has a couple of glitches but nothing that can't be over looked ..Play over -Recommended, open worldCan practically climb anything you wantMission selection is good, wish you could find missions within missionsOverAll very good .."
,Recommended,324800,26023634,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Blazsword,"Holy moly, this game is just as amazing as the first shadow warrior game. It's totally worth a purchase if you like these kind of games. I can for sure say that i been having a blast with this!"
76561198029170272,Recommended,324800,26017409,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,VeNoM,"the first Shadow Warrior was really good, SW2 is even better! 10/10"
,Recommended,324800,26095976,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Tobey Maguire,really fun game. not sure if ill be able to put 40 hours into it. but 5 hours in so far the combat is still crazy and fun and its just a glorious fast paced ♥♥♥♥♥how. i do with the guns were more useful but maybe later game they become more potent. i would recommend to anyone who likes the idea of doom and borderlands and god of war baby.
76561198031489939,Recommended,324800,26020920,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,hellfire37,great fast paced FPS that feels similar in a lot of ways to the most recent DOOM game + borderlands type loot system + randomly generated enemies + randomly generated environments + randomly generated lootPROS:+ amazing performance+ amazing graphics+ Co-Op!+ a F*** ton of weapons.+ a F*** ton of upgrades+ a F*** ton of loot types+ a F*** ton of puns (mostly about d1cks)+ a F*** ton of blood and gore+ a F*** ton of graphical options+ a F*** ton of upgrades (yeah this deserves to be listed twice)CONS- came out in October when i already have so many games to play!
,Recommended,324800,26028789,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,⸇ᴴᴱ HUИTΞƦ,A wild razorback chainsaw katana appears. *vrum rum ruuuuum*
,Recommended,324800,26037277,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,w0rm,"If Borderlands, Diablo and Duke Nukem had a kinky threesome, this would be the offspring.What a hell of a ride. Though a bit short (it took me roughly 21h on Insane to finish) and lacking end-game content this was most satisfying. If you like old-school shooters that lack auto-heal, auto-cover and all that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t shenanigans, take a closer look at Shadow Warrior 2."
76561198060672703,Recommended,324800,26136635,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Unholy Warz,"Shadow Warrior 2: Badass SimulatorPros:The WangRichard JokesBlood...all over, on everything, every where, all the time.More Fun than Doom!Cons:Having to go to work in between gaming sessions."
76561198171445713,Recommended,324800,26175797,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Bunny Potato AIm,"Very fun game that makes a lot of jokes. Lots of killing and blood and also my favorite Wang♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes. I finished the game on normal after 8 hours now trying to beat the game on the hardest difficulty, its a challenge all right. If you want to a game to have fun with a friend or by yourself (like me) you should buy this game. Honostly one of the greatest games I've played in a while that is single player. You'll have fun while slashing through enemies left and right or blowing their heads off with your guns, theres a third option for other people its called EXPLOSIVES EVERYWHERE (not joking there are quiet a bit of explosives in this game). Pick it up if you have the money it was worth my time and money, can't wait till the next game and the remake of the original if they ever make it."
,Recommended,324800,26037450,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Willie,"This game is terrific, the best release of any game and genre in my opinion in the past 2 years.  If you want it's like, a few Devil May Cry moves and style, with a bit of slicing&gore mechanics of Metal Gear Rising Revengeance+Killing Floor 2.  Throw in a dash of Borderlands loot and weapon/mod variety.  Without ♥♥♥♥♥♥ slow loading times/teleporting to fast travels, super slow and ridiculous selling and organizing, no ""NEED THIS LEVEL REQUIREMENT"" locks on anything.  This game has taking up my weekend entirely."
76561198257097711,Recommended,324800,29753837,Posted: 6 February,all,ElegantGrandmaThatCanDevourU,DOOM but with more speed with swords.The world is beautiful and well lit.The weapons and upgrades are awesome.This game is not afraid to give you a challenge.Cannot reccomend this enough.It's the hidden gem video game of 2016.
,Recommended,324800,26037255,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,sg1darkcalling,"Cutting up thugs with their faces so ugly, stomping on demons who aren't all that snuggly, shooting at nightmares who fly with their wings. These are a few of my favorite things!"
76561197993652861,Recommended,324800,28864545,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Gundam,"No long review, there are plenty of those. The game is a lot of fun, defs recommend."
,Recommended,324800,28380995,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,SYNERGY,"This game is one of the best titles out there, believe me, I play these types of things all the freaking time, so I'm quite picky when it comes to games of this genre. This game falls perfectly right into the hardcore shooter FPS games. If you have played and loved Serious Sam or Painkiller or even God of War, Shadow Warrior 2 is worthy of your spending time. I'm really running out of words here! Just buy the damn thing, you won't regret it... and common... the price is awesome... it's a bargain... JUST DO IT!!Pros:- a lot of guns- powers [mana, lighting, push force etc]- you can jump a lot all the time- a lot of melee combat possibilities- a lot of melee weapons- weapon upgrades, skill upgrades, upgrades-upgrades- a lot of stuff to collect in-game- it is challenging- very good graphics for it's price- very good mechanics- very smooth game-play- soundeffects are well done- the maps are beautiful- in-game photo mode- very well optimized- the priceCons:- voice acting could have been betterOVERALL SCORE = 8.5/10"
,Recommended,324800,26100387,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,mmm!5NATCH,"Shadow Warrior is everything you loved about the first game (shadow warrior 2013) and mixed in with various elements of FPS MMOs.Enemies will drop various items such as money, health or gems. Gems are used for weapons to alter thier stats. they have a coloured tier system as well which will be familar to anyone whos done video games in the last I dunno 15 years. However the weapons you buy/unlock/earn over time remain but the gems and combonations are up to you. You can mix up elemental damage or life drains or specialise in firing types like Charge ups to rabid fire. I havent discovered them all yet but you get a good chance to be creative with your mix. My katana has electricty and chi drain but someone else might prefer Fire, Toxic or Ice with Life Drain or extra critical damage. You get what i mean...Enemies behave much like mobs that need to be triggered or pulled. The variety of creatures will force you to adapt quickly but depending how you shape your character overtime with your skill point collection. Some enemies will fare better than you. Which is great because the combat difficutly challenge is always present. And if you can meet up with some buddies, 4 player co-op might help take on those big nasty creatures that control a mob.and of course, bigger mobs, bigger loot.It's gory, wicked fun. Story quests, side quests and lots of exploring to do. I'd say this game is gonna be around for a while, I think there's strong potential for DLC and I'd recommend it to anyone who was a fan of games such as Borderlands, Diablo or Mass Effect."
76561198040922457,Recommended,324800,33550542,Posted: 14 July,all,Tony,Good Game
,Recommended,324800,26089838,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Bangcat,"This is how video games were meant to evolve along with how they're retailed. The soundtrack alone is just great with the choice of nostalgia from 80s and 90s much like some of the gaming ideals that in turn do justice and evolve. Are the visuals cutting edge? No, but they know how to make what's there stunning to behold.Lots of stuff and weapons to collect with your friends and silly comments that manage to stay surprisingly fresh despite every bone in your body warning you that they're about to get repetitive.The game is just a ball to play and delivers on a significantly lower price point for great content. I was waiting fir this and it did not disappoint, something so many others cannot claim.Worth its delicious deluxe price point. It will bring out your inner adolescence in a great way."
76561198126211065,Recommended,324800,26090095,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Nameless,Cyborg Tree
76561198092043541,Recommended,324800,26090844,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,< Beren > @Rage,This is an excellent game.Lots of comedyLots of goreLots of itemsLots of Wang...with friends
,Not Recommended,324800,27817884,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Jhotun,Horrible upgrade system and horrible mission system. I loved previous SW games. This is not a SW game but a poor man Borderlands.
76561197965493083,Recommended,324800,26416581,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Thormodor,"Shadow Warror 2I find it to be alot of fun. It is at times to easy. But doing it on the highest Diffuculty coop with 2-3 friend and setting it to ramp it up to a 4 player setting helps abit with this.The Jokes are bad, and i love that. its not a serious game it has that old shooter ""omg that is a horrible pun"" feel to it. and offcourse there are ""Wang"" jokesI find the game play is fun, not to complicated and there is lots of Modifications to the weapons. While it might not drasticly change the way the weapon works it gives you some options.It can be abit Repetative but no more so then any other shooter i have played. I Recomend it mostly due to the coop. i feel it might be abit to repetative for solo play for a long period but its a nice jump in and play with your friends game."
,Recommended,324800,33583324,Posted: 16 July,all,Sierra Victor,"A well-executed melee / shooting game, with corny humour, satisfying mechanics and 4-player co-op."
,Recommended,324800,26029515,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Giovanni,"I am not done with the game yet but so far this is coming off really good! And yes they have made some changes as compared to the first game in general such as YOU NO LONGER HAVE FALL DAMAGE WHICH IS A GOOD THING, but on the other hand you no longer have infinite energy :VTo put short, if you like shooters, lots of weapons, a loot system, and some RPG elements that can also relate to Diablo's gem system, you should consider this game."
,Recommended,324800,26080368,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Interdimeditational Sex Cashews,"AI is buggy, open world feels too ""forced"", inventory gets way to ♥♥♥♥ing complex after awhile. Your ""upgrades"" you get like a ♥♥♥♥ing million and it's just a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to sort through them allYet the game is extremely satisfying to play. When you do finally get your♥♥♥♥♥♥sorted, between the hellish inventory system and wonky♥♥♥♥♥menu controls there's a lot of fun to be had.The interface and overall emptiness of the worlds contribute to its negative factors, but the gameplay generally pretty good."
,Recommended,324800,26080322,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Savage Salvador,"This game has legitimately restored my faith in the gaming world. Shadow warrior 2 is a sequel that in every aspect is better than the first game. First game I had ever played that was a sequel and was 100% better than the first one, meaning, I didn't want to play the first one for any features that I liked about the first one better because the second one has all of the features and more. The only thing about the first one that was better were some of the secrets like secret areas and junk but I won't miss those Cuz they were a b*tch to find. Another thing I like about this game is the Gore and destruction mechanics. Though, I wish the bodies would stay on the ground at least until you leave the area instead of all the bodies before the last one you defeated turning into a pile of viscera because I tend to enjoy going over the corpses and doing a damage report but besides that, SAME WANG, A LOT OF D*CK JOKES  DEFINITELY NSFW, HELL OF A GAME 10000/10"
,Recommended,324800,32860910,Posted: 27 June,all,FALLENV3GAS,"FALLENV3GAS Reviews | """"0.0Hours to Complete►TL;DRIn depth...►[Performance]►[Graphics]►[Gameplay]►[Replayability]►[Conclusion]If you liked this review or want to see more recommended games, be sure to follow mycuratorgrouphttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/FALLENV3GAS#curation"
76561198024469649,Not Recommended,324800,27595364,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DumbCustomer,"The semi open world format makes the game empty.Not enough ennemies, lots of time being lost and jumping around.My opinion is that the open world format killed the shadow warrior action.And without the action there is not much to be done within shadow warrior 2.Without much to be done there is not much to like after a while.Can't be bothered to end the game."
,Recommended,324800,26088475,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,hug🍕ealer 🐫,"outside of some relatively minor bugs i've had a blast with this title.it's obviously very little like the original shadow warrior.if you can look past that and just want some fun FPS crazy action, go for it.the combat is extremely satisfying.tons of weapons, melee / guns and a few special powers.loot system via socketing your weapons changes it all up dramatically.i hope they make a paid expansion, because i'd love to play more of this."
76561198268956807,Recommended,324800,32670799,Posted: 23 June,all,Bear,Good Game if you like single players...... Coop is good too
,Recommended,324800,32515013,Posted: 17 June,all,meh,"This Wang is different from the previous Wang but it offers plenty of quality time.It is a longer, harder Wang and it requires to pay attention if you want to be good with it.You shoulnd't try to play with it all day in order to finish, relax and enjoy it."
,Recommended,324800,28970028,Posted: 3 January,all,"Spark Wright, Ultimate Attorney.","this game is actually pretty much perfect, it does basically everything a regular shooter game does and morelots of cool lore, nice story, interesting characters, big open areas, the missions are basically all the same but what sets this game apart is just how incredibly fun this is, the shadow warrior games are the only games I have played where enemies will sustain actual wounds while you fight them, not textures of a bullet wound on a person after you shoot them but actual entire chunks of their body will go missing, even entire arms! it just really adds a whole level of satisfaction to the game that I have never really found anywhere else, you can actually see that yes, you are hurting the enemy.another thing that this game does very well is difficulty, most other games have ""hard modes"" that just give bad guys more health, that is the WRONG way to increase difficulty, shadow warrior two makes it so that you take more damage and deal a very slight amount of extra damage the higher the difficulty is, it also increases the appearance of high level enemies, high level loot, and makes it so that all enemies refill their health and respawn if you die.there is a lot more to this game like all the cool weapons you can get, the customization of the weapons, powers, the conversations.I cannot reccomend this, and the original shadow warrior, game enough, it does get a little samey if you play for 12 hours straight but then again what game doesn't?"
,Recommended,324800,26063151,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Laffer Curve.™,"Pros:-Has procedural generated levels.-Costs lesser than No Man's Lie.-More Content than a recent game with procedural tech-Has Co-OP unlike a recent game with procedural tech-Has more diversity in combat unlike a recent game with procedural tech-Upgradeable skills with skill points unlike a recent game with procedural tech-Weapons with actual difference in handling unlike a recent game with procedural tech-A multitude of enemies not just drones and bigger walking drones unlike a recent game with procedural tech♥♥♥♥♥♥Jokes.-Lo WangCons:-Doesn't have infinite planets-Can't travel to center of universe1/10 Literally unplayable, cant travel to the center of the universe. COME ON!!! Get on NMS' level!Edit: I can't grammar."
76561197969385823,Recommended,324800,26023103,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Dwane Dibbley,"This game is kinda disappointment - as sequel. Its VERY different from first (reboot) SW. Yet its somehow awesome. Maps/enemies has touch of Diablo, gameplay is like fully weaponized Genji (Overwatch) and loot reminiscent Borderlands in little different way - instead of loads of weapons, thers loads of gems that can be inserted to weapons so at he end, effect is very similar (+amulets/armor enchants).On top of that, theres still alot of skills (RPG progress) to shape your gameplay to yor liking.All in all, THE BEST SPENT 30€ IN YEARS."
,Not Recommended,324800,26508184,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,ZuLuuuuuu,"Shadow Warrior 2 is an ""ok"" game. I gave it thumbs down because of my disappointment. I loved Shadow Warrior 2013 (SW1). It was a fun linear shooter with some subtle upgrade system. But it also had a story which got mythological, deep and emotional towards the end which was a very nice surprise considering all the d*ck jokes and a*hole character of Lo Wang. In the end I was very pleased with the game.SW2 is almost completely different. If you liked SW1, I cannot say that you will like SW2 as well, since they have very different gameplay, and the story, the characters, the animations telling the story are just weaker compared to SW1.Gameplay-wise this is a looter-shooter. I haven't heard this term before, apparently it is like Borderlands, I never played that game either. I just don't like the genre. The world is open, the levels are semi-procedurally generated, so the levels don't have the craftsmanship of SW1 either. Also the boss fights are not as epic as SW1.You spend a lot of time in menus to customize your weapons. Spending that much time in menus is a no in itself but the menus are also not intuitive.Good things are: the engine is certainly improved and the soundtrack is very good. Also there are a lot of different weapons.If you like looter-shooters like Borderlands, if you like customizing your character by using different gems, if you like slashing enemies in an open world to find new weapons, gems, money, then you will probably like this game. But if you like a carefully crafted, fun single player campaign with a good back story like SW1, then you will be disappointed.By the way a lot of reviews out there compare this to Doom 2016, which I don't even understand. They are completely different."
,Recommended,324800,26031502,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Somoon,Fun gameplay and no bugs
76561198085971951,Recommended,324800,31072361,Posted: 10 April,all,Ruin N Gaun,"Great combat and an improvement in both gameplay and graphic from the first game. The story is all over the place (messy) . The upgrade system reminds me like borderland, where there is element and stat upgrade but the UI is kinda bad. But if RPG shooter, than you are gonna love this one.Oh it got coop, four player coop."
,Recommended,324800,26048530,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,sixthLEGION,Bought it to support the PC fist initiative and the no DRM (outside of steam) stance the developers have. Was pleasently surprised. It's a fun game.
,Recommended,324800,26051445,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,skaaates,I swear you can be all Overwatch characters at once while having Tracer's tracing ability.GG
76561198037077145,Recommended,324800,26052218,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,WildmanSteve,Shadow Warrior 2 is a well optimized game with nice graphics and great lighting effects. The gameplay is a fast paced Doom style FPS but with far more melee. There are also hundreds of different RPG style skill and weapon upgrades and modifiers including elemental damage that can be customized. I have yet to try the multiplayer but so far it's a solid 8/10 for me. This game also feels like a AAA title but it can actually run smoothly at 144fps and instead of all these horribly unoptimized AAA games that are $80 (CDN) This game is a fair $40. This is what PC gaming should be.
,Recommended,324800,26023764,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,deadshotwild,In the short time that i have played this game i have to say that i fully recommend it. Super funny the main character is a joke legend. Lots of weapons and items to change the weapons. Really loving it right now.
,Recommended,324800,26035328,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,<☢CC☢> Demon_Hunter5  📶,Solo Played this Game Great Entertainment While it Lasted. The Few Ghaphics and Couple Missing Sences didn't Spoil The Fun For me. Had Funny Comentary and Reading Material Through out the Entire Game. This Game Is Like Trying To Put Doom With Deadpool Together.8.5/10 Would recommend.True Ninjas Use ChainSaws.
,Recommended,324800,26105773,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Meme Bacon,Wangs out for Harambe.
76561197974872538,Recommended,324800,26123909,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,leebruk,"great game, the more i play it the more i like it. love the weapon variety and all the upgrades. humor is great too! runs great"
,Recommended,324800,26029902,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Iskukip,"*D!ck jokes the videogame*Really enjoying the game so far, no bugs or performance issues for me at this current time.Combat is solid, every weapon so far is nice to play with, animations are top notch.If you mixed Doom, Borderlands and diablo together and they had a samurai baby.Only Critisism so far is you can't find weapons in chests and the game doesn't really tell you how to find them, are they only dropped from elites rarely and bosses?Easy 8.5 / 10 ""mess with the bull, you get the wang"" -Lo Wang"
,Recommended,324800,32599137,Posted: 20 June,all,Dr VonSpoot,Shaping up to be my second favorite game of all time. Great for hack and slash stress relief with the bonus of sarcastic commentary. Love the weapons.
76561198134530322,Recommended,324800,26045725,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,#Gym life,Recommend
,Recommended,324800,32409675,Posted: 14 June,all,Nexgrato,It is Borderlands mixed with racist Asian stereotypes. 10/10
,Recommended,324800,29641990,Posted: 1 February,all,PCdudeserver,Buy it.
76561197970434765,Recommended,324800,26148559,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,[JL]Batman,It's an amazing blend of RPG with first person shooter action and tons of gore. I like it distinctly better than the latest DOOM game (and that was a great game). It's that good!
,Recommended,324800,30804368,Posted: 28 March,all,Killer_Pro_Zero,"Very good game, i kinda thought it's gonna be serious game, but main hero with all the♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes changed it, to the better side. Good to play game for solo, coop."
,Recommended,324800,26041270,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,FN,"Very Good game. I would've definatley payed 100 dollars for this game. It is a complete game releasing for only 40 dollars, you gotta buy it.Sorry if i have bad english, i'm from New Zealand."
,Recommended,324800,26042055,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,JollySU<OverWatch>,"Yes you are Wang and yes you have a man ""cave"".  This game is beautiful graphically and the weapon mods are great.  This one the best optimized games I have played on PC.  Environmental attacks can help you and they are everywhere.  I would recommend the most recent drivers for most favorable gameplay.The pace of the game is similar to DOOM only not quite so fast.  Ha for 35 dollars on pre-order I feel this game is well worth the money.  You can dual-wield weapons, double jump, dash and you take no damage from a fall from any height.  Save check points are in good locations and so far finding ammo has not been a problem.  I would recommend this FPS as a good game to add to your library."
,Recommended,324800,26022339,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,DjTittyMilk,Doom with Katanas
76561197965471520,Recommended,324800,26593401,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Stewybaby,"Great fun, nice and smooth FPS."
,Recommended,324800,26065215,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,ridzu.,This game is great same as the DooM. No doubt.. two best games of 2016.Would wang again 10/10
76561198246492080,Recommended,324800,34473959,Posted: 24 August,all,Hurricane Hao,This is a great game in ANY language :)
,Recommended,324800,29685769,Posted: 3 February,all,[Hen-tie] JJDaMan!,"Lovin' this katana wielding and gunslinging game!! Enjoy the little secret areas you can find roaming around the map (single player), and just the *cough* suggestive innuendos that can be seen and heard throughout the game!"
76561198144712572,Recommended,324800,34685363,Posted: 2 September,all,Ullur,"meh compared to the previous opus,buy ""shadow warior"" instead, way better.It made me replay the previous one though, so i can't give it a bad rating."
76561198102977568,Recommended,324800,30519883,Posted: 14 March,all,PRESIKINDLE,"Yo if you havent already, check this ♥♥♥♥ing game out, its ♥♥♥♥ing rad.Epic sword play combined with an impressive cast of guns in a rpg style hack and slash/ shoot em up.Theyv created an impressive atmesphere filled with lootables danger and excitemnt at every turn.this is the best game of 2016."
,Recommended,324800,30402559,Posted: 8 March,all,Rabbids In Real,If I ever have kids I will tell them the story of how Lo Wang saved christmas
76561198314772934,Recommended,324800,30878945,Posted: 1 April,all,Prince_B,We need Chinese please!    !
,Recommended,324800,26200284,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Oak SK135,"If you like any of these things, buy this game-Gore-Sword-Chainsaw-FPS-Videogame"
76561197991921123,Not Recommended,324800,26236118,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,meshuggah12345,"This game attracts a different type of crowd than Shaow Warrior (2013). If you enjoy borderlands, then by all means buy this game. I very much dislike Borderlands and really depise the direction they took this game in.The first game is easily one of my favorite games not only of that year, but of all time. I loved the challenge and the combat was the best 1st person swordplay I have ever seen. In this sequel they have made the combat somehow simpler, the sword play is still pretty great but I find it lesser than SW1's. The level design is really what kills this game for me, big open, cluttered, maps with no real sense of design. Basically you are ""marker chasing"" to find whatever item NPC ""X"" wants kill some baddies and pick up the junkiest loot you've ever come across. The loot system is awful and has you min/maxing stats by the tiniest %. It's all very fiddly and time consuming.The only real improvment in this game that I have seen is the guns feel alot better than the first, they seem to have more impact and are overall more fun to use. In the first game, I really only used the sword and powers you have and the guns were just for hitting things at range. The number of weapons available to you in this game are also really nice and there is a really good variety, and not just different colored weapons with better stats. (looking at you Borderlands) each weapon has its own model and animations, quite a feat indeed! I have read that there are 70+!In closing 8 hours was way too much time for me to dedicate to this game, while it looks nice and starts out fun it gets REALLY old, REALLY fast. I was hoping that it would get better once I got further, but still hadn't. I really hate writing this because I love Flying Wild Hog's games thus far. If the series continues in this  1st person looter genre, I am out for good. I hope that the next one goes back to its roots."
,Recommended,324800,26236648,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Owen Wilson,"What's this i'm hearing about voice acting?Y'all expecting some sort of ♥♥♥♥ing oscar nomination acting or something? It's a Shoot 'em up, not some pretencious story game.It has it's ""fetch/repetetive"" moments but it's still a good game.But the repetetive side missions reward you with satisfying good guns/power ups.Good job, Hogs."
,Not Recommended,324800,26239861,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Colossal,"I was very excited for this game, as the previous Shadow Warrior game (the 2013 reboot) was easily my personal GOTY when it released. The change from a linear shooter with pre-made levels to a procedurally-generated shoot-and-loot-em-up made me skeptical. Being a fan of Borderlands, I knew it was a formula that worked but I wasn't sure how well it'd translate into Shadow Warrior. It didn't.In games like Diablo or Borderlands, gear tends to have trade-offs to make them somewhat ""equal"" (outside of level differences). In those cases, whichever the player decides to use is entirely subjective. In Shadow Warrior, that's not the case: you'll find a shotgun that's objectively better than your other shotguns. And eventually you'll find the best shotgun. It's not the best because it suits your playstyle more, it's just the best because it deals the most damage. And that's all the depth there is to the loot system: what deals the most damage is what you use.The element system feels tacked on, and like an annoying way just to get players to change their weapons. Using Borderlands as an example again, I feel that did elemental damage better. The use of elements is entirely in their usefulness in combat - you swap to them because they're useful. In Shadow Warrior, you swap away from them because they're useless. And it's very clear that the game just looks at the element of whatever gun you were just using and gives every enemy in the next area resistance to that element.The final nail in the coffin of the loot system was the gem system. Never have I ever experienced such a tedious upgrade system in a video game before. I mean holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this was the worst. There are so many ways they could have made this better, like just general ease of access stuff like small icons to know what the gems affected when sorting through them. Swapping them out with new gems became a slog that I absolutely dreaded before I was even 25% of the way through the game. While there are a few of these that are actually cool, the novelty wears off quickly.The level design of the first game was replaced with procedurally generated levels in the sequel. I've never been a huge fan of procedurally generated game worlds, but for the most part the game did them fairly well. I did encounter a few issues where I could see outside of the map, faced many invisible walls that were in places they shouldn't be, experienced dozens of floating rocks and platforms, and even found entire structures without any sort of collision. Just in general it wasn't bad though - but I really would have preferred levels that were actually created by level designers.The writing and story were pretty good. Nothing ground-breaking, but still pretty good and it was a solid story to follow the first game. It had a lot more♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes, of course, as that seemed to be their entire marketing for the game. But some of those♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes were genuinely clever, and most of the non♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes were pretty clever as well. There were a lot of collectible journals that could be found, which gave backstory on the world and characters (and by ""characters"" I mean mainly Smith and Smith alone, he has like 100 journals dedicated to him and his past). I felt the handling of major characters from the previous game was very rough - specifically the Kyokagami Twins and Zilla. Hoji definitely deserved more recognition for his significance in the first game, but the closest you get is a couple of references and a sword you'll likely replace because its DPS isn't high enough.The game also ends on a cliffhanger, and a really bad one at that.I don't feel like Shadow Warrior 2 is a bad game, it's just definitely not a good one - and moreso not a good Shadow Warrior game. The combat, writing, and world shine - everything else not so much. I don't regret my purchase but unlike the first I can't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,324800,26490541,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Mao Zedong,"Not a bad game per se, just ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ending. Ended on a cliffhanger that made 0 sense, very dissappointing, I'd give it a 5/10 just because it was ok but not great, then the ending♥♥♥♥♥♥on it.Loved the first game, and this doesn't really compare, though it's still pretty good. Buy it if it's $15 or something."
76561197960486460,Recommended,324800,28433595,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Hyaon Darhku,Fun as hell!
76561198023207225,Recommended,324800,29483441,Posted: 25 January,all,CyberSamurai,Totally awesome game... the wise @55 wang always has something funny to say. The action is so awesome too with an impressive creative selection of weapons.
,Recommended,324800,26279943,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Butthead,"The way of the wang is long, and hard, and.... ribbed for her pleasure."
,Recommended,324800,26020828,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Deadhunt49,the greatest thing ever bulid by man since Doom 2016 its that good
76561198154482857,Recommended,324800,26023289,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,mitcHELLspawn,"So far this game is amazing. One of the best optimized games Ive played in ages.TAKE NOTE DEVELOPERS cough mafia 3 cough-First game on PC ive ever seen that has HDR support. My 4k HDR tv is LOVING it.-SLI support right out of the gate. Am able to play max settings 4k/60 fps PLUS an extra 10% resolution scale-Fast paced gunplay with a really solid melee system-Tons of variety in enemies-Really cool environments with huge open play areas-Game looks gorgeous (at 4k with HDR on at least)-Tons of weapons, tons of customization,tons of combinations of perks-Hilarious dialogue-Amazing 4 player CO-OPAnd thats just the first 5 hours that Ive played so far. 2016 has been such an absolute terrible year for games. Its so nice to see a developer who actually puts some pride in their work and really makes sure that the finished product stands up to quality.Great job guys."
76561198016519353,Recommended,324800,26058923,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Chayleb,This game is extremely fun and fluid Im still enjoying it definetely recommendcan get a bit samey but just mix up your gear if you're getting tired of killing monsters the same way or go back and kill some yakuza
,Recommended,324800,27616601,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ILoveClementine,Who wants some Wang?
,Recommended,324800,26055289,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Yurich,ZAebis
,Recommended,324800,35324209,Posted: 29 September,all,♕ Madskillz ♕,I Love this game and the HDR support is great bonus!
,Recommended,324800,26070193,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Sunewk,"Shadow Warrior 2Made by Flying Wild Hog and Devolver DigitalSpoiler FreeSo you like Doom huh?You're also a fan of borderlands?You think Warframe gameplay mechanics is amazing?Oh, you're looking for a new game, well well well. I got just the thing!Shadow Warrior 2 includes elements of Doom, the loot system and sillyness of Borderlands and even some Warframe game mechanics not to mention it even has level progression and free roam? Damn.Shadow Warrior 2 is indeed a worthy predecessor to Shadow Warrior 2013 edition, the game looks amazing even with a 4-5 years old rig such as mine, it runs smooth on high settings and with the new Wild Hog engine the game looks stunning.So now you might have several questions about the game like:Does the price validate the gameplay?It does, for a game with that much quality to such an affordable price. It just shows how much the devoplers cared about the game.Or even:Does it have replay value?When comparing it to Shadow Warrior 2013 and taking into aspect of the added loot system and multiplayer... 100% I'm about to do my 3rd playthrough (as of writing this) and haven't gotten bored yet.Levels are randomly generated for more replay value which in my opinion is greatly appreciated.And then you might wonder:Is the game really that good though?Shadow Warrior 2 is so much more than just hack and slash / first person shooter, or some lackluster AAA game, if you want something new, something beyond what the last Shadow Warrior game gave youThis Is It.However it does has some serious problems, unfortunatly I've encountred some game breaking bugs that required that I started a new save otherwise I wouldn't be able to procced like spawing inside the statue of the town and since it more or less spawns you in the same location, you're stuck, however suicide with console might be a option I however at that time I didn't know that it was a possibility. The game still has some things to work on and with enough luck we might even get some DLC's to further the game.To summarize:Good gameplay ✓Awesome music ✓Healthy amount of♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes ✓Amazing intro ✓Stan Bush ✓Fortune cookie banter and pop culture references ✓""Wangs out for Harambe""Rating: ★★★★☆4.8 / 5 to be exact"
76561198026946492,Not Recommended,324800,26310801,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,sidewinder,"Shadow Warrior 2 has taken the best parts of the previous game and turned it into a wannabe diablo / borderlands clone that is boring, and lifeless.  The hub mission area is pointless and adds nothing to the experience, just make the game linear like it should be.The game could have been a great sequel but it is a pile of overloaded mess that is draining to play and has lost all the joy of the previous game.  Movment is awful, co-op doesn't work, level design is horrid and the excessive use of partilce effects is trying to make up for the lackluster overall game play.Could have been a great fun FPS, but it is mind numbing crap."
,Not Recommended,324800,26334778,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,FieryWitherRose,"It's turned a good shooter into a cheap borderlands ripoff with less self awareness than a troll without a mirror.-The loot system is abyssmal,-shooting things is like picking at concrete with a toothbrush-lacks the humor from the previous game"
,Recommended,324800,26069816,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,You will nazi me coming,"79% combat, 20% exploration, 1% storyline.Borderlands + DOOM combination type of gameExtremely easy even on hardest difficultyGives 10-20hours of gameplay on first playthroughHas no NG+ or anything to do once you have finished the game. You can replay the game on that character but for what purpose? The enemies are not any harder.Textures are♥♥♥♥♥♥ I play on ultra with all settings turned on to enhance the visual aspects of the game. Still bad. But for a game under $40 at release, who cares. gameplay>graphicsPerk tree feels useless. Could complete game on hardest difficulty with no perks somewhat easily. It would be a challenge but the perk tree is pretty bad. The best perk is just +50hp. How fun and originalWeapon enhancements are pretty fun though and are very important. The fire modes on guns are pretty interesting and change gameplay a fair bit. Elemental damage is very nice to have.To put things into perspective, a single elemental weapon modication can have x2-3 times higher stats than maxing the frost/fire/electrical/toxic perk point trees. The stats on the perk trees are just so small and boring.Overall good 10-20hours first playthrough. Very good for its price.I completed the main storyline on hardest difficulty in 1hour on my character that already finished the game and I am no speed game racer. The storyline is really short. A professional speed racer could probably do it in 20-30minutes."
,Recommended,324800,26069883,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,BIG OOF,"Doesn't meet most standards of 2016- Playable at launch- DLC is purely cosmetic at launch- Humor is self aware- Fun in gameplay is valued over a lot of other things- Original gameplay- Devs are bro tier croations who made Serioius Sam (I think--I'm not 100% sure but it sure as hell their style of ""make good videogame out of potato computer and ex-soviet military equipment"")If you are looking for a good game by modern standards, look somewhere else, because this is something better.Solid 8/10edit, five minutes after posting: This game just released too! I reccomend it in its current state on 10/16/2016"
,Recommended,324800,26070676,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Hub3rtu2,"They basically fixed Shadow Warrior (2013) i.e. the bossfights are awesome, weapons feel very nice (maybe not as good as D44M's ones, but still solid), enemies aren't too spongy (if you're not too much of a retard with handling elemental and upgrade stuff). The upgrade system is really balanced and once you get around it, it's not too tedious. The elemental stuff and limited ammo softly forces you to use different weapons. Lots of cool unique (being the important word here while comparing SW2 to ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Borderlands' formula of ""RNG"" weapons) weapons that stay viable through most of the game. The music is great, especially the main theme and of course Stan Bush's stuff. Randomly generated levels may seem repetitive, but the level chunks have really great artstyle and maneuverability, designed to launch yourself around with dashes, that are kinda broken in a good way. I don't understand why there are so many lore books, I doubt anybody actually read them. The humor is mostly hit or miss, just like in the 2013's version (shoutout to PC Gamer getting triggered by a tranny joke and Genocider gun,really). Highly replayable.Oh, and don't worry, you can turn off those ugly damage numbers, I recommend doing that.And the most important thing:YOU CAN GO FAST, REALLY ♥♥♥♥ING FAST, I actually think it's broken sometimes how fast you can go (which is great).Solid choice for GOTY, which is really sad because it shouldn't be."
,Recommended,324800,26102344,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,jonnyXx,"Shadow Warrior 2 is a bit too slow in the beginning as you spend a lot of your time just running around levels with not enough enemies to encounter, but once the action picks up later on in the game it truly shines. The gameplay is sublime as you combine your mobility, skills, and weaspons to deal with foes.  Your character is highly mobile and my god the weapons...This game without a doubt has the best arsenal in a shooter ever.  There are tons of really detailed and cool looking weapons of all types. The weapon variety is the best and nothing else I've played even comes close.The upgrade system is cool but the enemies drop too many upgrades and managing them becomes tedious. You have to either manage them constantly to keep your inventory from getting crowded or let them gather up and manage them later. Neither option is much fun to deal with.There is one aspect where the game really falls short however and that is in the location variety. Through the game you will visit the same few locations over and over again. The time of day and weather can change which helps a little bit but still it did get repetetive. Would have been really nice to see more variety especially because the graphics are so good.Shadow Warrior 2 has some issues but the excellent gameplay absolutely makes up for it and then some."
76561197984941329,Recommended,324800,26032103,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,S/Sgt. Fury [34thID],Worth every penny.
76561198022694448,Recommended,324800,26297541,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,- V-sync: fast -,"So much fun, so much action, if you want to skip the story cinematics you can, tons of weapon and character customization, now... this is a real ""game""."
,Recommended,324800,26401970,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,101--,Ridiculously good.
,Recommended,324800,26489096,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,PurpleXVI,"It's hard not to recommend Shadow Warrior 2 after it kept me hooked for 16 hours without leaving a bad taste in my mouth, but even so, I'm going to have to add some qualifiers to that recommendation.The music's great, just excellent. Most of the environs look really nice, too, and there's a nice variety of weapons to choose from. More often I found myself wondering what to use, because I had multiple fun options, rather than having nothing I wanted to use. It's fundamentally solid, I had only one bug(getting stuck in geometry, but I was able to wriggle my way free) over 16 hours of play, and two annoyances(a couple of large battles where framerate, while otherwise completely steady, almost slowed to a crash for several seconds until some combatants bit the dust).However, there's some stuff they could've done better. I was largely entertained by the dialogue, but some of it just falls flat. Some of the jokes are just a bit TOO juvenile, and not all of the voice actors are doing their job equally well. While most of the weapons are fun, there are also some that just aren't satisfying, and, more importantly, managing them is hell. When every weapon has three possible mods, and you keep picking them up, it felt like I wasted more time managing my inventory than I should have. It'd have been nice to have some general pointers on when I'd picked up something that was a straight upgrade for one of my existing weapon mods, and there were way too many weapon mods that just went straight to the bin. It wasn't quite as bad as Borderlands at generating trash equipment, however.Most of the combat works, but I'm not sure whether it was a function of my character ""build""(there's RPG mechanics in this), but a couple of fights seemed to involve some one-shot kills from bosses that were near impossible to dodge, and I'm not sure if the third phase of the final battle is just garbage or if I never twigged to the secret of it(a never-ending wave of projectiles that you can only avoid if you've invested several ranks into the movement speed boosting passive or turn invisible to stop them coming at you for a bit).The game could also have benefited from having less re-used maps, more varied bosses(all of the non-story bosses literally use the same pattern. Attack you for a bit, hit half health, bring up a shield until all their summoned minions are gone, finish the fight) and less random generation in general.It also seems to encourage replays with all your accrued skills and guns, but I genuinely have no motivation to do this whatsoever.I won't replay Shadow Warrior 2, but I don't regret getting it(or the soundtrack), and if there's a Shadow Warrior 3 by the same guys, I'll definitely give it a shot. The negatives mostly amount to minor annoyances, not utter dealbreakers, and the game has far more hits than misses in practically every category."
,Recommended,324800,27562105,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tonichiwa™| DyDinh,"If you want to play a game like borderlands, but Asian style."
76561198014488533,Recommended,324800,28427808,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Meroldys,It's like Diablo had a threesome with Doom and Serious Sam and Borderlands was the pimp.It is amazingly statisfying to kill things in this game because of how fast paced it is.If you liked Bordelands you will like this too just don't expect to have a BL like story.This game is about stupidity on the next level.Just have fun.
,Recommended,324800,29390518,Posted: 20 January,all,qm_VIP= false // cool kids only,"This is clearly an unfinished game. Unfinished and only has 10% of the content of Borderlands 2. Yet somehow I find it better in every way.Bonus points for not being developed Gearbox. Bonus points for not having Anthony ""the cuck"" Burch involved."
,Recommended,324800,26031061,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Super Saiyan God,♥♥♥♥ YEAH!!!!
76561198042067237,Recommended,324800,26152667,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Yes Mazah,gg
76561198083282185,Recommended,324800,26203651,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Poofy,The game's smooth as hell and the guns are fun. I can't get enough of cutting people apart into hundreds of tiny pieces with weapons that aren't feasible.10/10
,Recommended,324800,26368672,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Cydran,"Great Diablo/Borderlands-style looter-FPS. Takes what you know from Shadow Warrior 1 and adds RPG elements. Coop mode is well done, higher-level players won't absolutely destroy a low-level players mobs (level does not really matter, outside of having more skill points or better items, everything feels scaled down if playing with lower level players - not exactly sure how it works).If you like Borderlands and Shadow Warrior 1, this release is a nice mix between both series."
,Recommended,324800,26381125,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,JohnnyQuid6250,"SIX MONTH UPDATE (5/13/2016):Six months later, and I am still thoroughly enjoying Shadow Warrior 2.  Like a fine aged whiskey, it's only gotten better with time, and I'm convinced that Flying Wild Hog somehow figured out EXACTLY what type of gamer I am and what I enjoy, because this game hits the mark for me on so many levels...hence the 71+ hours I've put into it.Since my review back in November of last year, the developers have released 4 DLCs, including a hilarious Xmas event, a trials area, a PayDay crossover add-on that includes two weapons and a multiplayer skin, and a new bounty mission board, all at no extra cost to the player.  I don't really think I've ever seen that done before.  These free DLCs award players with even more weapons and ways to make your Wang stronger...and there are more DLCs to come!The crafting system in the game is interesting, but you'll need to finish the Way of the Wang DLC in order to take full advantage of it.  Depending on the difficulty you're playing on, the level of your character, and the weapons you have equipped, completing those trials will either be a piece of cake or the bane of your existence. Either way, there will be blood.  Once completed, you'll be able craft gems, embed additional gem slots to your weapons, purify your upgrades by removing negative attributes, and even infuse them with greater damage, lower reload times, and higher rates of fire.  I love this because essentially, you can turn a sub par weapon into a weapon that does very high damage.At level 67 with a myriad of skills and weapons equipped, I've been farming Insanity I difficulty for experience and Orbs of Masamune.  A lot of people despise that endless, Diablo III-esce grind, but personally, I love making my character stronger and stronger and putting basketball-sized holes in demons or slicing them into shreds.  I use invisibility to increase my damage when I stealth kill, and I use the Arm Of Orochi because it can't be blocked.  This is conjunction with Cerberus, Grip of Darkness, and Fury has made me pretty unstoppable at this difficulty.In short, this game is still my favorite, and the longer I play it, the more I love it.  Power to the Wang!ORIGINAL REVIEW (11/2/2016):Nobody likes long reviews or short wangs, so I'm gonna make this quick and sexual.PROS:- 70+ WEAPONS (MELEE, AUTOMATIC, PROJECTILE, AND INCENDIARY)- LOTS OF SKILLS TO UPGRADE- LOOT LOOT LOOT- KILLER SOUNDTRACK- PROCEDURAL GORE SYSTEM (Just keep slashing, bruh)- PROCEDURAL LEVELS- SAME OUTSTANDING SWORDPLAY- ZERO PERCENT FALL DAMAGE- INFINITE DOUBLE JUMP, DASH, AND AIR DASH- UP TO 4 PLAYER CO-OPCONS:- Repetitive- Gem Management is a chore- Enemies tend to be rather bullet spongey- Short campaign- Dialogue is hit or missBecome one with the Wang...become a SHADOW WARRIOR.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HUsRG7aC-LI"
,Recommended,324800,28442636,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,"Hmu, Pax west!",Ever wanted to play hotline miami in first person?
,Recommended,324800,29418401,Posted: 22 January,all,BeckerMilkTea ⦿ @Fortnite BR,Chainsaw Katana's and Dild-o Weaponry
,Recommended,324800,29445730,Posted: 23 January,all,Wipepod,"good game, whish i had friends to play with"
76561197975313107,Recommended,324800,26753400,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Robert Øst,Awesome fast pased fps with a nice level up system
,Recommended,324800,28570712,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,TriloRaptor Corp.,"I'm at a loss for words. Shadow Warrior 2 somehow just does everything RIGHT. The swordplay fantastic, the gore and gibs are disgustingly fantastic, the characters are memorable, the enemies are frightening, and the Developers feel like actual human beings by adding tons of content and even free DLC. By all means pick this game up and maybe even get the Deluxe Edition to support the devs and get the awesome soundtrack too!"
,Recommended,324800,26146886,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,[MoeGamer.net] Pete,"This is an excellent game, and a strong evolution of the formula Shadow Warrior (2013) put in place.Is it better than the 2013 version? Hm. Debatable. Personally I think I preferred the more hand-crafted levels that combined a clear(ish) path forward with lots of side routes to explore and discover secrets, but there's a certain joy to leaping and air-dashing around Shadow Warrior 2's more expansive environments, particularly with Wang's expanded movement capabilities. The light degree of procedural generation keeps the environments from getting stale, too, maintaining a somewhat hand-crafted feel while adding some variation without falling into the trap of boring, boxy rooms that procedurally generated dungeon crawlers often do.The weapons are fun and satisfying to use, and customising them with upgrades is a lot of fun. There's no real need to do this the second you pick up an upgrade, and in fact doing so spoils the flow of play somewhat; I found it more enjoyable to wait until the downtime between missions to revisit my weapon loadout and spend some time reorganising attachments and specialising weapons to particular purposes. I ended up playing a melee-heavy build, which really plays to the game's strengths, but there's a formidable arsenal of guns, bows and launchers to play with, too.The story is enjoyable, too, although the end is arguably a little anticlimactic -- perhaps setting the stage for some DLC or another sequel? Wang is as politically incorrect as ever, and Kamiko is a good ""straight man"" to his nonsense; the pair develop a genuine bond by the end of the game, despite her initial feelings of distaste towards him. The world is nicely fleshed out through a plethora of lore pickups that you can ignore completely if you just want to get to the killing, but take the time to read through them and you'll see a lot of thought has gone into Shadow Warrior 2's setting.Oh, and it's a gorgeous looking game that runs very well indeed on relatively modest rigs such as my own.All in all, it's an extremely strong effort from Flying Wild Hog that strikes a good balance between classic and contemporary play styles and structure. At the time of writing, the lack of an ""endgame"" or a proper New Game Plus option that buffs up enemies and provides better loot hurts its longevity a bit, but it's a wild and enjoyable ride while it lasts, with the promise of more content to come.Highly recommended."
76561198038919226,Not Recommended,324800,26427756,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Ysopet,With such a bad ending...I wish I could refund it.
76561198076322781,Recommended,324800,26019363,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Laryy the cable guy,BEST GAME EVER
76561198027366831,Recommended,324800,26220147,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,BoazY,"kill,loot,repeat."
,Recommended,324800,29901800,Posted: 13 February,all,DyingDreams,"""Fire in the hole ! You're the hole, by the way !""10/10 for the punchlines"
,Recommended,324800,26017595,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,RiceGum took the L,Way of the Wang.Long.Hard.Ribbed for her Pleasure
76561197971227056,Recommended,324800,26037296,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Terrapin,"The critics rave.""Two wangs up, way up' - Siskel and Ebert""Two wangs up with a twist"" - Blaine Edwards and Antwan Merriweather"
,Recommended,324800,26017092,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Master Miller,"It's just a good game. It looks good, performance is good, plays really fun, lot of jokes and blood.If you like sw1 - buy itif you like DOOM - buy itif you like blood and gore - buy it"
,Recommended,324800,26116742,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Zombie Bait,awesome...simply awesome. this game is simply fun incarnate.
76561198154145919,Recommended,324800,26041846,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Nathan Explosion,Wang out for Harambe
,Recommended,324800,26112778,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Be Blue !,"Great game, great optimization, runs amazingly on my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ old specs 660 GPU@1080p with MINIMUM 60fps, awesome gameplay, fun storylines, doesnt cost $60 like some stupid companies thing games should cost these days. Only ""AAA"" game I say is worth the full price lately besides crap such as fallcrap, deus crap and Crap 3: 30fps lock edition.If you wanna waste your money on something (cause buying software is always a waste of money with no true value), you should buy this for sure!."
,Recommended,324800,26461067,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Quickshooter,"Short review:it's a great game and i recommend buying itLong review:Shadow warrior II is one of the most pleasant surprises of 2016an Actual PC game which is built from the ground up for PC, with great controls, great keybinding and great optimizationand truely remarkable soundtrackthe game mostly consists of your slashing, or shooting your way through demons, cyber soliders, and Yakuza thugsyou have Melee weapons (katana's, duel swords, daggers)you have ranged weapons (revolvers, guns, submachine guns, rocket launchers you get the idea)you Also have Chi-magicChi-blast which is basiclly Force push, impale which is does what it sounds like only medicoreShadow Walk-super useful for clearing stages quickly and saving your wang in a pinchand other abilities you get later on which i won't spoilthis game is pretty Arcadic for it's nature, enemies and loot is randomizedwhich adds in for replayabilityit took me 14 hours to finish it on normal which by 2016 means nearly masterpiece (BF1 had 5 hour campaign which was practically on rails)as for the story... it's medicore but passablenow as for the humor... i frikin love it, wang's jokes is the core reason i loved this game so muchit brings back the ""gud old days"" where you can be offensive and still considered funnyso to sum it upShadow warrior II is a great game, and totally worth 40$ (hell i'm even considering to buy the OST, they're pretty nostalgic and remind me of the 80's, a bit of far cry blood dragon a bit of Duke Nukem)"
,Recommended,324800,30572116,Posted: 17 March,all,some ƒucc shit,BIG BOY WANG WAVING HIS WANGTASTIC WANG ALL OVER ENEMIES. yeet
,Recommended,324800,26159067,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,JeRiL,"A fun game indeed. Now I wish all FPSes had a double jump and mid-air dash. Granted there are annoying bugs, but seeing as how the devs are patching them, I have faith that this game will have minimum to zero bugs soon.Haven't played co-op, so I'm not sure about it. But for those who love cutting through packs of enemies, this should satisfy you."
76561198048567555,Recommended,324800,26158111,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Bluemoon,"Shadow Warrior 2 is going to be a special kind of casual game for me.  Yes, the upgrades are underpowered and overplentiful.  You ""don't"" need to be constantly updating the upgrades and weapon configurations once you've found the 8 some that please you.  But you will need to frequently go through ""mass inventory management""; assigning junk upgrades for sale and replacing outdated ones...  you'll know when you need to this... when enemies start to become bullet sponges.That being said...  Shadow Warrior 2 is a great game.  It relives the single player FPS experience of Shadow Warrior while making some minor upgrades to controls, gameplay, and graphics.  It reminds me of borderlands 2 in it's customizability and preset explorable regions populated with procedurally generated enemies.  This isn't a bad thing...  some far cry influences regarding weapon selection sidesteps the issue borderlands has with damage scaling... kinda.  It feels like a far cry adventure stuffed in a borderlands styled zone-based universe in the setting of Lo Wang's destruction.Graphics, gunplay, gameplay, and feedback are all excellent.  The monotony of inventory management is this game's one true failure.  Otherwise I love it, and the prospect of co-op with friends!"
,Recommended,324800,26120670,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Cpt. Facetime,"No DLC's first day,No Season Pass,No ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tJust Awesomeness"
76561198098778061,Not Recommended,324800,26333265,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,auron321,"Honestly, it was a tough desicion not to recommend the game, though i'm still playing and continue to play it.The reason of not recommending - previous SW is a successful benchmark in my opinion, and i will support  others' thoughts, that devs (i think better to say producers) have made a wrong desicion enhancing the game the way that it looks now more like Borderlands.For them it would be better to do all that stuff they did - but w/o all this experience, loot, crafting and etc shi**y things.As a result - they have not achieved such versatility as it was in Borderlands, also they lost such messy shooter atmosphere as it was in previous SW games.Neither fish nor fowl."
,Not Recommended,324800,26500068,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,William Shakesman,"Great shooting. Great chainsaw.But the levels are big, open, randomly generated, and boring. No enemy is a threat. They just swarm and take loads of damage, more in the late game. Every level feels the same because it's all just random crap. And you collect 400 stupid little trinkets that do +10% chance to whatever and +5% who cares for all kinds of fiddly min-maxing.In a game with 40 something scripted guns. What the hell is the point?Also the ending is terrible and the plot goes nowhere and does nothing. The final battle is hilarious in trying to get you pumped and make you feel badass and failing incredibly miserably at it and the ending is a joke."
,Recommended,324800,34787809,Posted: 6 September,all,LimeyPolo,"All the impact of shots from SW1 to feel powerful? Yes. The precise melee enabling incisive, explosive gore? Yes. An insane frenzy of enemies to feel badass as you share dad jokes? Yes. Over 100 unique weapons to finish the slaughter? DEFINITELY!  A deep element system, opitional as mainly relevant to higher difficulties, to have fun with combat/looting/crafting? Yep! Co-Op insanity? YES!How is this not an improvement on SW1 and a refinement to a formula to not have it as merely a stale FPS?"
76561198005303635,Recommended,324800,26014983,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Nazerathe,"Runs extremely well, 4 players Co-op Hack'n slash rpg , great night in with mates playing the story co-op a must have!"
76561198047283124,Recommended,324800,31033013,Posted: 8 April,all,A Lemon Cupcake,Imagine the hetic gameplay of DOOM with a good mix or RPG elements and more weiner jokes than borderlands and you have shadow warrior 2. This is a gem in the genre and if the videos look interesting at all the game is just like it i can not reccomend it enough!
,Recommended,324800,30952887,Posted: 4 April,all,Amene,"This is ♥♥♥♥ing good and refreshing. Notably a bit different than SW1 (diablo/borderland loot-related and story ""presentation"" influences), but same core gameplay.And proper KB+M support.And not a console port.And difficulty setting for everyone.And the devs don't♥♥♥♥♥♥over their customers (quite contrary).What's not to like ?EDIT ------Now that I have finally found some time to play and finish my first playthrough (started at insanity T1, finished at T6 - with some notable side monster killing, thus my gameplay time), the review still stands =) It's another excellent game after same developer's HR and SW1. I really had a blast, with maybe few minor complaints, of which one worth mentioning is:- pure rng gem ""crafting"" systemThey really could have done better. Maybe different mechanics, maybe extra stuff, maybe extra costs, maybe something else - including mix of any of those. But something at least *somewhat controllable* by the player, instead of just dumb one-arm-bandint machine. At easier difficulty levels, the system is of no big (if any) relevance - but on hardest ones, you need specific gems - and quite a few of them for different weapons and armor. And this can get quite frustrating when you pull that one-arm-bandit's arm over and over again and get nothing particularly useful."
76561197962380862,Recommended,324800,26793973,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Azure Zero,"This is a freaking fun and great game, with a reasonable loot and skill system.  The gameplay is addicting and hooks you into playing more."
,Not Recommended,324800,26099717,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Biggie,"Shadow Warrior 2 is a very good game if you look at it as an fps with rpg elements. The randomized levels and loot compliment it well. However, if you were a fan of Shadow Warrior 2013 and the 1997 one. You won't be impressed with this game.Melee Combat in my opinion has been improved, you no longer have to press two buttons to do an ability. Now it's just with right click and a direction. Some other abilities have dedicated keys which is nice to see. They added double jumping and air dashing which I really wished the 2013 one had. Gun Combat is not bad, I only wish you didn't need gems to upgrade your weapons. I would have preffered using money to dual weild a weapon like in the 2013 reboot. The variation in enemy types are kinda thin, hoped there would be more types of enemies to fight. Alot of them are just the same enemies with different skins.Visuals are great, love how the trees react to the wind. Looks amazing. The port is very well done, the fps is great with some minor hickups in very messy fights.Level design is not something I personally like, however if you do enjoy Diablo type randomized levels. Then you will probably find it ok. I was hoping Flying Wild Hog would make the levels similar to Doom's open levels which have different paths but all lead to the same objective. In Shadow Warrior 2 you ignore half the level and walk in a straight line killing a few enemies in the way.The story is pretty lackluster compared to the 2013 reboot. The 2013 Shadow Warrior's story was so good that I was expecting something which is just as good. Nope, you won't find that here, while boss battles are still decent they aren't complimented with a good story.Overall Shadow Warrior 2 is a great game for anyone looking for a game similar to Borderlands 2 and Diablo, however if you are a hardcore fan of the original Shadow Warrior and 2013 Reboot, I'm sorry to say this game won't be too enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,324800,26165060,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,RSW2002,"Bought the game because I was expecting a Shadow Warrior game (loved the first one, even bought it again on Steam to show support) and got a fun fast-paced FPS with RPG elements with great visuals, more weapons and loads of WANG on top of co-op play. Still has a shorter and less well-told story than SW1, repetitive missions and levels and a skill system that is mostly useless because all you need are the rights gems on your weapons.As of patch 1.1.3.0, the game has been fully turned into a Borderline clone, including the sloggish grindfest that goes with that, because some people complained that the game was apparently ""too easy"". Instead of just giving them more difficulty tiers to choose from, the devs decided to completely change the gameplay around for EVERYONE. (If you haven't checked the Steam forums yet: People are ANGRY)I could recommend the game itself despite its shortcomings because it was still loads of fun, but after this update I can not recommend the Steam version anymore, because it is not the game I bought anymore. Sorry, devs.If you want more Shadow Warrior or just a fun fast-paced FPS with RPG elements, go buy it on GOG and don't update past 1.1.2.0.If you want a Borderlands clone, get the Steam version.Review will stay negative until changes are reverted/options are given to have the gameplay from release back. Shame on you devs, shame."
,Not Recommended,324800,26048523,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,MrGangrene,"If you just want a TL;DR you can read the bottom of the review.This is quite a difficult review for me.I want to recommend but it's just so unbelievebly boring that I can't bring myself to recommend it.Looking at pre-release content and post-release streams this game really does look sick.Now that I've actually played is this game really isn't that good at all... :/And in my opinion, the first was way better.There is a lot to like here though!Lots of super cool weapons, lots of different enemies, large levels, and the game runs buttery smooth even on launch day!A lot has changed since shadow warrior 1 but I feel like some of the changes are questional to say the least.For starters, the levels are massive and filled to the brim with a wide variety of of enemies.Because the levels are so big this game often turns into, kite them all around and shoot random explosive barrels that are scattered everywhere.The co-op just just gives the monsters more HP which in the end doesn't even make it harder, it just takes longer.And when you get in the situation where everyone went in a different direction and pulls a whole bunch of enemies the game turns into this really bizzare game of, keep running around in circles and shoot whenever you can.Problem is that these situations can last up to a good 15 minutes...A big new thing in SW2 is the gemming and resistance system.Think borderlands, where a sniper rifle that shoots fire-bullets barely does damage to enemies that are on fire, but absolutely decimates ice-type enemies.That's pretty much what you have here.It sounds neat in theory because it forces you to take a balanced loadout but it doesn't help make the game more engaging at all.You're just rotating weapons depending on whatever enemy is following you and the worst part is that most weapons aren't even that good.A very effective way to play is to take your melee weapon, run away from your enemy while charging a frontal piercing attack, and when it's charged, turn around, do the attack and repeat the process.It's so effective that even in a 4 man group when enemies get stuck inside a building you're better  off doing this melee charging rather than use bullets.Which brings up another problem.The difficulty is a complete joke.This game isn't hard AT ALL, even on higher difficulties it's not that difficult once you get the hang of kiting mobs around. (ye, like an MMO)The higher the difficulty the more HP enemies have which just means that you'll be charging more melee attacks.Now I'm not saying the weapons are bad. some weapons are quite strong even but the down-side is that they♥♥♥♥♥♥ammo like you wouldn't believe.So, on the highest difficulty you're pretty much ammo starved quite often which is why you keep your trusty ol' melee weapon at hand.My biggest problem with this enemies so far is the Physical Resistance.This is some grade-A BS right there...Enemies with physical resist take next to no damage from bullets and melee attacks and instead take most of their damage from the elemental upgrades you put on your weapons. (which isn't a lot of damage I have to say)There's this one time my group was fighting in a mine and in the mine were a few massive enemies that charge at you for a lot of damage on top of which all of them had Physical Resistance up the wazoo.So you have to keep moving and melee is not really an option because you'll get wrecked.We spend almost half an hour running around in circles shooting these enemies that have just a ridiculous amount of health and in the end they didn't even drop anything good.And that brings me to the biggest problem with this game.The loot...Enemies randomly drop gems that you can stuff in your weapons to make them do more damage, reload faster, shoot fire-bullets, dual wield, etc etc.The higher the game's difficulty, the better the loot.But the gems only increases your damage by a little bit but it doesn't change the fact that enemies are still massive bullet spunges.And there are WAY too many gems in this game.I don't even know what half of this crap is used for because some of these gems are so bad there is no real use for them.So before you go out on missions you're forced to sift through the trash to find the gems that are useful so you do decent damage.New weapons are obtained by doing side-missions which are literal fetch-quests, others can be found and some can be bought in the shop with in-game cash (there are NO microtransactions so let that be noted :p)There are some really cool guns in this game, there's no denying that :DIt's just such a damn shame you can't use the majority of your weapons whenever you want because maybe your favourite weapon has a bad elemental damage upgrade on it.I look at my list of weapons and think to myself, ok, this weapon does fire, this one ice, that one toxic, this is electric, that one explodes and is for AoE... I could take that weapon because it looks sick, but damn the DPS is kinda low so I'd better not.======================================================I know I'm really ragging on this game and I don't mean to.You look at the screenshots, you look at the videos and you see a dude using a shotgun to blast a massive hole in a medusa looking thing.Look sick right? :DOr grab your wolverine claws and go to town, chopping dudes up left right and center.That's awesome!!But in reality, you're not looking at the holes you made in your enemies, you're not looking at the limbs flying everywhere or the massive explosions going off all over the place.Your looking at the health bar and the damage numbers to figure out which weapon you have on you is best suited to kill this enemy.And that is why I can't give this game a positive review.This game could be really fun. chopping up dudes with your friends? that's awesome.But in reality we're all running in circles asking who brought a weapon that does electric damage while the rest is doing 20 damage per shot on enemies that might actually have a hundred thousand HP...The elemental system ruined this game for me personally.If that system would be gone I would have no problem recommending this game."
,Not Recommended,324800,26179185,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Moinky,"It's short, disjointed, has a loot system that is completly pointless, pointess leveling system, endless repetative levels filled with fetch quests, full of bullet sponge enemies and an annoying woman screaming at you all the time.It does look nice at times though.Can't recommend for £30, maybe at £5-10ish if you play with friends."
,Not Recommended,324800,26274671,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Stavik,"Right after starting the game it felt like an awesome game, after a few hours I realized just how repetitive and boring it actually was. Now do keep in mind, I played the game no normal difficulty.I never felt the need to actually craft weapon mods nor was there really any need to change the weapons themself, not that the new weapon I got was all that much better than my current weapons.I never saw any reason to actually farm for anything, I just went around slaughtered rabbits, killed the rabbit lords and got free orange drops that I equiped and never changed again. I never felt  the need to use elemental weapons nor use anything else except my sword, I did also use my revolver though because I love revolvers.Your character, he's the kind of guy that turns everything into a joke, and at the start they're actually funny but after you've done a few quests and realize 90% of everything he says are just jokes and insults, you get kinda tired of him, doesn't even feel like the jokes comes natural when he says them in a lot of situations.The length of the game, well I did every main quest and optional quest I could find, and in total it took me only 10 hours to beat the whole game, now keep in mind that this game does like Borderlands 2 does, when you beat the game you can  start over the game and keep all your items, but due to the fact that the quests were rather repetitive and the story is the kind of story that's only enjoyable the first time, I don't see myself playing through it again, and for the current price of the game, 10 hours of gameplay isn't a lot(the last 3 hours weren't even enjoyable, I was just sitting there hoping that the current quest was the last one in the story).Wouldn't recommend this game if you like a good plot, good gameplay or if you want a game like Shadow Warrior, would recommend it if you like cutting up enemies though."
,Not Recommended,324800,26162780,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Sir Glancelot,Can't recommend after the new patch. The game was way better before.Everything fun was nerf way too hard instead of just adding more difficulties.The game is fubar atm.
76561198015819533,Not Recommended,324800,26218304,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Tetrahedron,"I TRUSTED YOU WILD HOG!!! YOU WAS ONLY COMPANY THAT EVER GOT MY PRE-ORDER - EVER!Shadow Warrior remake was fantastic, fast-paced fun and classy FPS with epic progression and escalations of fun and story.This thing... it's bad Borderlands - I absolutely hate that game, all I wanted mo Lo Wang plus playing with friend against epic daemons, cyber-dragons and mechs as Trailer ""I'm Power"" presented it to me. Not ""Attack of Sponges"".Well orchestrated wave of enemies are better then hordes of random stuff.Not speaking of stupid loot and upgrade system - makes it looks like bad MMO.If you like the remake - avoid this game at all cost.If I could refund it - I would, but 10 hours and I want to forget this game forever.P.S. Well, at least OST is good - salutations to you guys and specially for the ""I'm Power"" song, it's awesome."
,Not Recommended,324800,30024280,Posted: 18 February,all,[GT]PEBCAK,"would i recommend this game ?  noit's nothing like the first (2013 game) outside of being a FPS with swords and the same main character.  this game is a borderlands ripoff. the issue is , I HATE borderlands, I don't playing FPSs for loot drops.  this game  starts off  like the first one then it starts to explain the loot drop system, I wanted to puch the screen when in started.  you cant beat the game with out using the loot system to update grade your guns.  this forces you to mess around in menus forever to get the best setups.if you havent played the first game, from 2013,  play that its a much better game and actually funny at ponts."
76561198070419432,Recommended,324800,26015636,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Phenakism,"very wang, much love"
76561198006577905,Not Recommended,324800,26216689,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Professor Von Batman,"Nothing like the reboot, which was fantastic, this has the same 3-4 maps used over and over again but with different start positions, a tedious weapon upgrade system, only about 10 different types of enemy, by half way through i was going invisible just to skip the combat, and with the combat of the reboot being the reason i payed £30 for this so-called sequel in the first place, thats quite depressing. Even the Wang jokes were♥♥♥♥♥♥..and i love wang jokes."
,Not Recommended,324800,33133894,Posted: 2 July,all,Alzahhar3,"""Do you recommend this game?""Steam asked me this and the answer is *No*. Don't get me wrong though I did like this game but with so many games out today I wouldn't recommend this one.The game has many problems; it gets repetitive sometimes, there are alot of weapons and crafting stuff but all seems useless, you have to fight certain kind of robotic enemies that are annoying (some are small) and not as intresting as the monsters, story is BAD but you shouldnt play it for that anyways.It can be fun though, the jokes and cutscenes are entertaining, gameplay is pretty good until it gets repititve. It certainly isn't a bad game, just not worth the money/time imo. If it is your type of game though then sure get it you may like it a lot more."
,Recommended,324800,33831952,Posted: 27 July,all,KEK,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　 ）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
,Recommended,324800,26015275,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,BeeSawd,An absolute blast so far and it runs super smooth.
,Not Recommended,324800,29420850,Posted: 22 January,all,Sparklesum,"-It's good, but it could have been way better if it wasn't a borderlands imitation.While the fast phased action combat and comical aspects of the game remain,I feel like the game is stepping away from it's roots. They are Distracting us from an in-depthstory driven singleplayer campaign by adding a bunch of unnecessary features.Perfection isn't when there is nothing left to add, it's when there is nothing left to take away.I can guarantee you that if you like the borderlands series, you will most likely enjoy this game as well.Because it has basically become just like borderlands, they've added side quests, open world style gameplay,a droprate based loot system, a whole bunch of new guns and abilities, elemental effects on weaponsrandom superior enemie encounters, and co-op.Seriously Flying Wild Hog? It sounds exactly like borderlands if you put it that way.Ofcourse not all new features are unnecessary, co-op is definitely a good selling point but all the rest is just redundant.In the contrary to the fast phased hack and slash gameplay you have to sort out your inventory from all these useless weapon upgrades, I spend half as much time looking at loading screens as I am actually playing the game, because they had to make each level so much bigger and confusing so they could add more stupid collectables.They should have focussed on the core elements that made shadow warrior 1 the great game it was, now it's just a weak imitation of borderlands.Shadow Warrior is one of my favourtive games of all time, so maybe I overhyped this one."
76561197970697464,Not Recommended,324800,26356496,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,business,"* Played through the game and found it at least more enjoyable than Borderlands 2 or BL the Presequel, which it is more similar to than Shadow Warrior 1* Game gets very easy & boring if you use the right weapon, skills and upgrades, unless you play on hardest difficulty available (depends on your level)* # of upgrades is ridulously high, most are entirely useless, forcing you to sift through an endless sea of junk, to find that one upgrade that actually makes sense (my favorite are the whole ""+2.5hp per enemy killed"" upgrades: +2.5hp is the same as zero, given the amount of damage you take, so why are tons of these useless upgrades even in the game ? The same goes for a whole upgrade category, which you will most likely never touch again once you found the upgrade that starts with ""-100% on health packs heal effect..."")* Same goes for weapons: Most simply do not deal enough DPS - if it weren't for elemental weaknesses/invulnerabilities by enemies, you could play the whole game with 1 to 2 weapons* KIlling opponents (including bosses!) is a very non-tactical business: Go in with beefed up weapon slicing em' up, if health drops too low, disengage and heal yourself OR go invisible and heal yourself, repeat. I'm not saying it in't a franctic-kind-of-fun experience, but compared with SW 1, where you had opponents with shields, etc, it alas really lacks tactical depth* Just read after completing the game that supposedly the leves have some procedural component - I never noticed any of that; quite the contrary: I thought multiple times, oh, yea, I've been here before - and here come the shrieking-fan-ladies...* Further game design glitches:** No compare weapons/upgrades support in the game** Some communications at the start of a level are optional, then you get attacked immediately on entering the level and overlook the message to press a button to hear the conversation - you can then listen to it in a menu, but you cannot do it while walking around** At one point nearly missed 3 side missions, since the previous mission suggested to continue directly with the main missions, and the ""press T to teleport"" (to home base) message was not shown** Nearly all people you communicate with (mission givers and shop keepers) are like stiff robots when not inside a cut scene - this feels very much like a game from the 90s in this regard...** Crafting system in game was completely useless, only tried it 3 times then gave up* Overall conclusion remains: Alas everything about this game apart from the graphics is worse than its predecessor: Level design, combat, skill tree, story, boss fights - you name it. Since Steam continues to force reviews to recommend yes or no, I am forced to keep the game at not recommended.Score would be 6.5/10PS:* Will not preorder next game by Flying Wild Hog, whose ""Hard Reset"" and ""Shadow Warrior 1"" I loved* If you have not played its predecessor, by all means do so :-)"
,Not Recommended,324800,32013927,Posted: 28 May,all,Hylomane,"A small non-replayable distraction from other more interesting games. Like the previous title it has the glaring problem that you are far better off using a melee weapon than deal with ammo management, inventory management, etc...They added a lot of Borderlands-like stuff (which I like, usually), but they didn't do it right. 90% of the stuff in the game ends up being a waste of time sorting through the crap in your inventory to find something of value.Once you find a good combination that works, you generally mow through the enemies, but it can be tedious until then.Personally I like a toxic grenade launcher for crowds with a life leech chainsaw to finish off individuals. 70 weapons and this is all I use because the game is unbalanced. The game would be better without elemental damage.Would I recommend it? At a discounted price, maybe.P.S: I just rewatched TotalBiscuit's review of this game and initally I thought he was full of it. Then I bought the game and realized he was right on almost all counts."
,Recommended,324800,26017307,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,that aint falco,is veri gud u can cut the bad man with the sword and he dies
76561197981984185,Not Recommended,324800,26153393,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,XRsyst,"SW2 is trying to be a high-energy FPS ARPG, it succeeds at being a high energy FPS, but lacks the replayability of a good ARPG.  For true fans of the genre this game will scratch an itch, for everyone else it will feel shallow, repetitive and lacking in replayability."
,Not Recommended,324800,29747858,Posted: 6 February,all,Zephon W.,"I would personally say, it starts out extremely strong, but the momentum couldn't take me all the way to the end. Same for its predecessor, sadly.It became extremely repetitive in the end, and loots no longer seemed worthwhile or different.It's definitely not worth the full price tag to me, but if you're just looking for a blast of gore and mindless butchering, you might find something here. I'd recommend picking it up on discount."
,Recommended,324800,26216548,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,-✰ RemorselessX ✰-,So yeah this game is awesome i baught it 4 days ago and love the insanity modes!Downside no voice or chat communication..
,Recommended,324800,30387808,Posted: 8 March,all,ACIDZOMBIE6516,good wang
,Recommended,324800,26027823,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,❤HOLESHKA❤,9/10
,Not Recommended,324800,26192002,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,dadholer,"The game started with a fairly standard tutorial level, which I guess was offputting to me as I had selected the third difficulty level and was expecting a linear difficulty progression from there. I normally don't have issues with FPS games but after the third mission the difficulty level seemed to hit a cliff face for me, and the gameplay devolved from being somewhat technical with RPG loot mechanics to being a hamfisted click spam fest, similar to Dead Rising (which I also didn't find myself enjoying...) where I kept running back to town after every encounter to pick up on more ammo. I guess I don't ""get"" this game. It didn't seem that fun to me, and my one regret with it is that I played an hour too long to return it."
76561198049125926,Recommended,324800,26102765,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,ProChorus,"Shadow Warrior 2 is a great alternative to a lot of the hardcore AAA game titles on the market right now.  The storyline is cohesive and the dialogue is entertaining.Pros: Visually stunning.  Lots of low-brow humor (You mess with the bull, you get the Wang).  Colorful characters.  Good story.Cons:The Fog (and vomit-inducing disorientation) of WarWhile combat can be fairly fluid, it can also be insanely disorienting.   You are almost never up against just one enemy but  4 - 10.  A good number of them are fairly large on the screen, so fighting that many with a sword tends to just fill your viewable area with giant fields of colors that aren't really discernible from one another. That plus a few of the special skills have you spinning dizzily around often leaves you disoriented for a few seconds.The Curse of the Neverending UpgradesSW2 is trying to do what Borderlands did with it's seemingly unending variety of weapons . . . only without the large variety of weapons.  Instead of grinding and picking up a ton of new, colorful, and unique weapons you get a veritable dump truck of weapon upgrades.  So many, in fact, that you will eventually be given the means to turn any 3 upgrades into a slightly better upgrade.  While some upgrades are marginally useful, most contain meaningless stats that don't really effect gameplay all that much.   So in the end, you are left with a massive inventory of pointlessness and a few weapons that you won't even bother upgrading.Best 10 Hours I Ever SpentUnless you decide to go co-op grinding (see previous con above about the pointlessness of that) you can beat the game in fairly quick time.  10 hours for my first playthrough, and that includes doing every side mission available.  I might go and give it another look, but for now 10 hours is where I'm at.  At the $39 price tag, I essentially paid $4 per hour for this game.  I dont regret purchasing it, but some might balk at that return on investment.Overall: The game is a fun distraction.  If you're in the market for something that isn't so far up it's own♥♥♥♥♥to be content with what it is, then give this game a shot."
76561197996197458,Recommended,324800,26129256,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Cosmos Jester,"It's not Doom or Borderland2 despite feeling like them, but it's pleasant, i liked the slicing mecanic more than metal gear revengeance"
76561197971733908,Not Recommended,324800,31973546,Posted: 26 May,all,mavruss,"LOVED the first game.  This one..I dont know if they are trying to be a Diablo style game or what.  Anyway, story is weak, game performance isnt optimal and the crazy long load times.I would say try this game once it hits deep discount."
,Recommended,324800,26019229,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,LordJamesX,"Hi, am Wang, lets dance at 2k at 60fps!!"
,Recommended,324800,26044207,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,SirBakedPotato,10/10 got a fortune cookie wangs out for harambe now we know what happened to the gorilla.
,Recommended,324800,26015767,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Box,RAD
,Recommended,324800,26193549,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Aunt Agnes,I just wanted to pet the rabbits george
76561197963409432,Recommended,324800,26028059,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Alexiel,"Did you ever wonder what will happen if Doom and Diablo having a love child ?It comes even better seems Duke Nukem did some Babysitting and teaches him how to speak.Three different map settings, no map will ever be the same as you play the level again.Loot everywhere, get money for shopping in two different stores, or trinkets to boost the different stats on your weapons (fire/ice/electricity/crit/modify ammo or weapon behavior...).Yes weapons there a lot in the game swords/chain saw/nail gun/machine gun/gatling gun/shot gun/bow/...Up to four player coop waits for you! And on top of it there is the price 30 € for a brand new game.Best Game 2016 in my opinion."
76561198065995718,Recommended,324800,26043563,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Promiscuous Dope Fiends,wangtastic
,Recommended,324800,26428868,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Tonkinese,possibly the most boring story in video game history even more so than just causebut  the action more than makes it worth it but still there is something missing from the experience and i do not know what
,Recommended,324800,26395036,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,maRcos,more optimized then mafia 3
76561198023332110,Recommended,324800,30086988,Posted: 21 February,all,Flandy,I like!
76561197991465949,Recommended,324800,26017491,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Gagarin,Very fun game with superb optimization. Stable 60 fps on Ultra settings:)
,Recommended,324800,26067058,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Eleganto,11/10 what more u need in FPS
,Recommended,324800,26117015,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,hehe xp,p good
,Not Recommended,324800,26479727,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Tr3b0r,"They kinda ruined what made Shadow Warrior 2013 great... ;(Now it's like Borderlands in Asia, which isn't what I really wanted in a sequel. It's definitely not as good, but it's not terrible. Buy it if it's going cheap."
,Recommended,324800,28363354,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,^5Temu,♥♥♥♥in' lit
,Recommended,324800,26052281,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Syrian Lanister,"I never played the Shadow Warrior Remake but I did play Shadow Warrior Classic Redux, and in all honesty this is a really good game. To me it feels like DOOM meats Borderlands in a 80s kung-fu futurism skin. The swordplay is fun and the gunplay is satisfying to say the least. Overall it is a beautiful game too (I'm running ultra on an i7-4790k, 16gb of RAM, and a Zotac GTX 770). Now there are a few texture issue with people's faces and on occasion voices overlap and/or repeat words a few times.Co-op does work. Well... sort of... My suitemate got the game with me, so we play it together when he's not practicing for a Smash Melee. Occasionally when going between levels, it will kick whoever isn't the host. That needs to be fixed.I give this game a solid 9/10."
,Recommended,324800,26027126,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,King Of Kings,Come here so i can show you my Little Wang~
76561198230331936,Recommended,324800,26053266,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,TazeBlaze,SO FUN!!!!!!
,Recommended,324800,26034435,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,TheOnionWasher,No Working is Wonderful Amazing and ♥♥♥♥ing TBK Malade !!!
76561198118179361,Recommended,324800,26027670,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,-GER- TheKarok,"Fast, loud and overwhelming action. Exactly what I want! 10/10"
,Recommended,324800,26044019,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,@vatar,"Cowabunga !! It's  a Good Day To Die.He...he,,he,,"
76561198133611255,Recommended,324800,26023317,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,LeatherHorn,borderlands and doom had a baby
,Recommended,324800,26043948,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Odwrae ♓,The Wang of Approval has been sealed onto this game. Wang/69
76561198048933604,Recommended,324800,26018427,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Seppe-Sai,I love that the game doesn't take itself seriously. The main charactor is like an asian Deadpool. The combat is fast and aggressive. If you like Doom or Borderlands you'll probably like this. The game also runs very well. I haven't noticed a single drop in fsp.
,Recommended,324800,26283947,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Holy Reap,Shadow Warrior 2 has the best chainsaw mechanics I've seen in video games.
,Recommended,324800,32707806,Posted: 23 June,all,A Devilish Moo,eeh its ok.... its not too hard but not too easy
,Recommended,324800,26073116,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,altnsad -ghoul-,"playing as ninja master, Lo Wang, killing everything in front of him,sliding enemies apart,chopping them off.Pros :Loot system,various kinds of weapons and upgrades which you can get,for you to make your own loadout.Every maps are well-designed,astonishing,fascinating.The actual content are more or less similar to the trailer/E3 demo,which does not like SOME developer.(Ubisxxt)Co-op modeRelative cheap price considering it's qualityPhoto mode,for you to take some beautiful picturesCons :The story progress is a bit fastThe cut-scenes need imporvementToo few mapsSum up :Definitely worth the full price."
76561198169409276,Recommended,324800,26016084,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Solen'ya,Sum ting not wong
,Recommended,324800,26086310,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,DaapDaap,"This game, OMG the the action the loot almost everything feels BADASS in this game,There is a few things kinda wish was better, the loot menu could be better i spend alot of time going through what goes on the what weapon, i wish they would mark what weapons or kind of weapon this upgrades work on.There is a small performance issues on my pc and it is a 16gb ram MSI GTX 1080 8gb GPU card with a i7 4790k 4,0gh CPUAnd i got small stutters (not a big problem that they only come at checkpoints) and FPS problems sometimes in some places in the world (dip from 160 to 60 sometimes below 60)Overrall the game runs well it could run better on my pc, but not all have this issues some talks about this game having a memory leak for some pc's only.The game is great i don't care much for the story and the cutscenes are not real made with stiff animation and some glitches sometimes, but who cares it is a hack-n-slash action RPG game with great sword mechanic and gunplay.I would recommend this game to everyone who loves gore, and fight with lots a NPC on screen with cheesy humor that either makes you cringe or laugh but in a good way (depends on your humor)I LOVE THIS GAME and i still enjoy despite some performance issues and i hate Performance problems it always turns me away from a game"
,Recommended,324800,26015940,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Soraya,Awesome game
,Recommended,324800,26066867,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,bEnE,Beware of the rabbits...
,Recommended,324800,29161723,Posted: 10 January,all,Retro J,Cool♥♥♥♥♥♥yo... Love the gore.
76561198035578887,Recommended,324800,30612301,Posted: 19 March,all,Garlic Bread Ninja,"Games lit, lit gameplay, lit everything, games great, love it. Would reccommend. Fun as first person gameplay, a more intense and intricate combat system then games like skyrim and other first person combat games. 4 player co-op what more could you want. only bad thing was the ending which was abit meh, but apart from that everything else was hilarious and just LIT."
76561197963245414,Recommended,324800,26037381,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Håvard Sørlie,Buy it. Seriously. BUY. IT.
,Recommended,324800,26023852,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,NINTENDOPRESENTS,Who wants some Wang!?
76561198089612801,Recommended,324800,26023783,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Scythe7,Who wants some Wang?
76561198040131862,Recommended,324800,26177104,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,MonsterBoy!,this game is PERFECT.Great waponGreat actiomand Great WANG!!!!!MORE BLOOD!!!!
76561197962076091,Recommended,324800,30441317,Posted: 10 March,all,FrenziedRoach,"Excellent light-hearted fun.  Solid and fun gunplay/swordplay - great variety of weapons, all set to a campy and cheesy story that will have you grinning at how unapologically stupid and crass it is.Well worth picking."
76561198056324249,Recommended,324800,26016365,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,CaptainSpacktard,10/10 wangs; Would chainsaw katana demons with friends again
76561198290999601,Recommended,324800,26017477,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Doctor,A great game!
,Recommended,324800,31947398,Posted: 25 May,all,Cucumber Lord,"I would write a decent review,But I'm a little occupied slapping demon rabbits in the face with a stack of money that I ironically purchased from your local neighborhood friendly weapons merchant, who is, in fact, a demon.Also, the aforementioned stack of cash conducts electricity.Now, excuse me as I throw money at my problems.10/10"
76561198085121220,Recommended,324800,31942292,Posted: 24 May,all,BoneFather,Very fun! Took everything I loved about the other shadow warrior games and made them better. There are a few bugs but none game breaking. Highly recommend to anyone who loves shadow warrior.
,Recommended,324800,33333736,Posted: 6 July,all,lintanweiqiang,this game is good
,Recommended,324800,26021817,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Copgun,This game is fun af
76561198080511707,Not Recommended,324800,26270883,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Marksman,"Das Spiel an sich ist gut, doch im vergleich zum Ersten Teil sind die Level liebloser gemacht(random-generiert) , die Eastereggs weniger,und die story beschissener."
76561198064948093,Recommended,324800,26018918,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,the-unhappy-machine-boy,A positive surprise.8/10 would kill bunny again to trigger raging monster bunny
76561198008039020,Recommended,324800,26104413,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,^1pathrip,"Wang in the sky, Wang among the stars.. Golden Wang sword"
,Recommended,324800,26120829,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,『Pantyhouse Taro』,WHO WANTS SOME WANG?!!
,Recommended,324800,26135105,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,[根]Dave,Everyone should get some Wang into their lives.
,Recommended,324800,26040468,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Dingus,I recommend killing demons over gorillas any day.
76561198003058426,Recommended,324800,26191612,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Xanders,Want more Wang!
,Recommended,324800,26035811,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,KHDL,Nuff said
,Recommended,324800,26725081,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,FasterThanFTL,✔
,Recommended,324800,28151945,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,SonnieSlim1,"Through 8 hours of playing with my Wang I have enduring an endless onslaught of demons, busty cyborg deathbots, and Wangtastic one liners.The Way of the Wang is indeed long, and hard...and ribbed for her pleasure.Edit-Now through 22 hours I have beaten the game twice. Once on easy and again on No Pain No Game. Wow. I am still so new to the game too. Where you can go from here to make yourself more powerful is just awesome. I wish the game had a better end game, similar to Diablo 3 but I hear that more trials and other content is coming so I can't wait for that.This game is just downright fun. The weapon choices are so huge and diverse and rarely did I find a weapon that seemed useless. These weapons can be further modified in crazy ways with elemental damage types, different fire modes, and other stats. Using the triple barreled Cerberus shotgun with the 3 barrel fire mode made for some HUGE damage output but slow reload for instance.I would highly recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of shooters, RPG shooters, and diablo style loot and enemy systems. Not to mention all the crude humor that keeps you laughing throughout the entirety of the game."
,Recommended,324800,34279160,Posted: 16 August,all,My Name Is Joshua,A must have for any old school fps fan
76561198047296994,Recommended,324800,26237662,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Classy Dino,"Kinda like borderlands, but ASIAN"
,Recommended,324800,26332906,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,-b--g-ama-,+lot guns and item upgread+Kamiko+side mission most it is fun no lot reapet misson+i more fun that doom 4+skill most it just meh+pretty good price for 19 hour and yes i done side misson and story misson-bad optimze-ending is are  dragon eat you that it  to seal gate so what low wang die??and why demon chick thank you killer her-too many enemy spawn-half away game ammo pillar no more-none joke make me laugh
,Recommended,324800,26379219,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,amidau,Wangtastic!
,Recommended,324800,26392304,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Ðel,"Crouching Tiger, Hidden wang.....Fun game... but can you handle the wang?"
,Recommended,324800,26504015,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,jaggaman5,Very very higly recommended you will love the game :D
,Recommended,324800,28443222,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,SuperLight,Awesome FPS gameplay!
,Recommended,324800,26188186,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,sOIIOs,My shift key broke
,Recommended,324800,26197126,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,FatherMiso,"Yes, you want the ♥♥♥♥ing wang"
,Recommended,324800,26208356,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Gramz,Would play with wang again.
76561198091948333,Recommended,324800,26024834,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Babol,"Overwhelmingly Positive,Love it"
76561198152635892,Recommended,324800,34649140,Posted: 31 August,all,Patroxil,Basically chinese doom...5/7 Badass
76561197965771067,Recommended,324800,26036801,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Spooky Scary Pumpkin!,This game is godlike.EVERYONE WANTA SOME WANG.
,Not Recommended,324800,26020724,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Reyson Fox,"What the hell happened to this game!?This game is amazing and entertaining in many good aspects of being a good game. When I first played this game it was great, it worked. I could launch the game and join my friends in the action. We could make the room private or friends only so that we could play it at our pace. But not anymore! The game has such glitches and ♥♥♥♥ed up servers. We get network errors, we can't host private servers anymore, we get kicked from game, long loading, freeze issues in game. What the ♥♥♥♥ happened!? This is a good game and now it's all messed up. The serrvers need help the devs need to seriously get a patch on this or get busy because returning to this game now gives me a sour taste."
76561198032291007,Recommended,324800,26070768,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,SlayerEdition,"If Doom, Diablo and Borderlands had a baby. Seriously, how can you not like this game?"
76561197972528350,Recommended,324800,26072077,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Kliv,Not as good as the Shadow Warrior (the first reboot) but you have co-op.Love the playe.
76561198006219586,Recommended,324800,26243149,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Washcloth Repairman,"Even better than Doom. Funny dialogue, good voice acting, beautiful graphics,  intense gameplay. Go buy it now."
,Recommended,324800,26131173,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,syslgame334x,great game work perfect on my pc and a great pc port hope they make some dlc
76561198167383120,Recommended,324800,32326144,Posted: 10 June,all,Krazy-8,"Best game 2016(on steam) in my opinion. Other than the fact that this game is freaking cool and you feel invincible while playing it, its soundtrack is magnificent(especially at the last boss fight). Only downside is that it's very easy on medium. 4.5/5"
,Recommended,324800,26078829,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Mr. Miyagi,10/10 - Everything I loved about Shadow Warrior only better... Stronger... Faster - shuhnuhnuhnuhnuhhhhhhhh
,Recommended,324800,30916940,Posted: 2 April,all,BobaBola,10/10
,Recommended,324800,26120032,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Capt.Sweglord,Who.. wants.. some..  WAAAAANG!!!
,Recommended,324800,26032191,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Doge.png,Buy this game and be Wang-a$$
,Recommended,324800,26028141,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,(• ε •),"I was only going to give this a 10/10 because I thought the fortune cookies from Shadow Warrior weren't there anymore, but then I found a fortune cookie, so now it's Wang/10.And that's the most Wang a game has ever received."
76561197966269818,Recommended,324800,26029162,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,AsHie,loving it so far!
76561198054379006,Recommended,324800,26030055,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Makoki,"Yeah folks, what a great game, i played SW2 now for about 8 hours, it´s a long time ago i had so much fun playing a videogame, and i play every day!SW2 runs perfectly fluid, has beautyfull graphics, a nice story, an amazing fighting and an overall inmersive, interesting, timekilling ( once i started i could´nt stop) gameplay.It´s pure fun, without complications or problems.I recommend it a 100%.( I hope soooo much they will publish some more of it. Story DLC´s, or something, just more of it,.....please, ;-)   )"
76561198298080377,Recommended,324800,29682317,Posted: 3 February,all,Doctopus,"It's f cking awesome and cheap af , w8ing for the sequel."
76561198031728112,Recommended,324800,26792634,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Prozacpopper,"What can I say, crazy guns, swords, gore, humour and a wang.  And in one healthy serving..."
,Recommended,324800,26794266,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ganjaman,"Just hilarious. Haven't laughed like this to a game before. The story is pretty good and I love Lo Wangs random ""voice lines"" in mid combat.Graphics are really good and runs perfectly. I haven't had any bugs or anything in my time playing this game.SO MANY COOL WEAPONS, like omg, it's like to many ridicoulus and cool ones so you dont have enough of them in your weapon wheel.I defenetly recommend this game, it's amazing, I love it!"
,Recommended,324800,26799739,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DeNNY_,It just amazing and i love the Gore in it. The story is really good 10/10
,Recommended,324800,26029771,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Ouroboros,"I've been into it for 2h already... while the story seems ""optional"", the old school FPS feeling is here, it's fast, highly responsive, much variety, plenty of skills to upgrade, maybe so much you feel a little lost at start. I loved the first one, and it shouldn't be any different. wang has a big mouth full of crap as ever, too !I'd like to add that this game is absolutely BUG-FREE, and on top of that extremely well optimized, I don't have a beast of a cpu, i5-4460 + gtx 980 + 16gb of ram and I'm on ultra settings 60fps locked with not a single drop of framerate in sight. wow..."
76561198273801974,Recommended,324800,28325176,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,愛之殇,我们需要中文We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно  китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικα
76561198000281285,Recommended,324800,26136387,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Haze,"Just beat it on hard. Some of the best 20 hours of any game I have played. Fun, addicting gameplay, good custimization and the best script I have ever seen."
76561198035712382,Recommended,324800,26029868,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Havoc,♥♥♥♥ yes.
76561198095649478,Recommended,324800,26787072,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,*CSG* SnipeRageQuit csgolive.com,This is a Hilarious game that is actually quite fun! seems a little like doom.
76561198102212355,Recommended,324800,26027690,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,StayCalmAndBeTheChosenOne,"30 minutes in the game, I already can write the review. This game is damn good. The development studio really improve a lot compare to last version. If you have played the previous one. It definely worth playing. Still humour, still deadly, still the rabbit !!!!!"
76561198071660164,Recommended,324800,26030027,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,shaidr733,Nice.
76561198029057301,Recommended,324800,26064113,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Big D the black69,yes
76561197994078945,Recommended,324800,29383560,Posted: 20 January,all,takubayashi,"Bonkers, loads of fun!"
,Recommended,324800,31886381,Posted: 21 May,all,Squabbernack,"better than many AAA games out there, free dlc content, good graphics, insanely fun and huge replay value"
76561198022415153,Recommended,324800,31875027,Posted: 20 May,all,invaderzim48,Borderlands: Teriyaki Edition
,Recommended,324800,26040409,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Member Berry,Member when games had multiplayer coop story mode?I member.Member when your friends loved the Wang as much as you?I member.Member Chewbacca?
,Recommended,324800,28798672,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,RedPanda,Too much Wang for me to handle this.... 8/10Ending and visiting the same places were the only things that I did not liked.But I can forgive it because it was still Wangtastic.
,Recommended,324800,28884457,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Blek,"If you love carnage, and being a bad♥♥♥♥♥ this game is for you!!Keep in mind you don't have to be good at it, there's different difficulties for whatever gameplay you wantEasy:Sit back and kick♥♥♥♥♥Normal:The Standard game, you actually have to try.Hard:For sweaty men who have to prove their **** is bigger than everyone else's."
,Recommended,324800,28961559,Posted: 2 January,all,Chairman Pow!,This is the game I wanted Borderlands to be.
,Recommended,324800,29026963,Posted: 4 January,all,Daddy Cthulhu,"So, this game really hit me deep. I loved it with all of its Wang jokes and Doom style game play. I just finished the campaign and by God the ending threw me for a loop. The game play is very fast paced and intense as you slash your way through demons and other monsters while yelling puns. I would very much recommend this game if you're into a Doom sort of game play while having a borderlands like humor. The missions can become tedious but just the variety of different ways you can slash your way through hoards of enemies kept me entertained for the whole ride. I love the game and I want some more Wang."
,Recommended,324800,29048940,Posted: 5 January,all,エリヤ RYSKE,"Interesting game where you can slash enemies with your sword and shoot them with guns. The story is rather short and the game feels a little bit like borderlands rather than doom. Some guns in the game are rather weak and while some can be upgraded to be more useful, for others it is not the case. The game has multiplayer, but I did not try it out due to my friends not owning the game. Is it worth the $40? I would say no, even though the game does come with a free DLC (an arena type with weapon upgrades). Pick it up on sale or in a bundle."
76561198206268741,Recommended,324800,29061733,Posted: 6 January,all,iamsuchafoolishboy,"good graphic, good gameplay, and fun."
,Recommended,324800,29071759,Posted: 6 January,all,Trampojunk,"More depth than you would imagine from an over the top action game, would recommend :)."
,Recommended,324800,28850180,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,The 'Losh,"If flying Wild Hog made lager, it'd probably be the best lager in the world. So that says it all about Shadow Warrior 2. Sure, there are some bugs, mostly clipping issues, but the game itself is fantastic and is a must own for anyone who enjoys fun. It's crass, funny, has some RPG elements, and is just a really good crack. Highly recommended."
76561198089477764,Recommended,324800,28964199,Posted: 2 January,all,TheVeganCannibal,It has♥♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes 10/10
,Recommended,324800,29019413,Posted: 4 January,all,EchoWaltz,"Borderlands meets DOOM.Loot, gore, humour, fast-paced action and beautiful graphics. What more could you ask for?"
76561198203737067,Recommended,324800,28846677,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,CP_FRAG,"Like Shadow Warrior, but with loot, over 70 weapons, tons to do, replayability, skills, and more Wang. 9.5/10."
,Recommended,324800,28778704,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,JulioFN,"A 2016 masterpiece.This is one of the most fun and addictive games I played in the last few years. Beautiful graphics and frenetic gameplay makes this one of my favourite games. The game plays like shadow warrior 2013, but now the maps are open, not so linear like the former ones. You can play side missions, progress the story or just free roam through the maps of already completed missions. You can play like the old shadow warrior too, just follow the minimap trail putting bullets (or cuts) on everything that moves. The game has an interesting mechanic much like RPGs: you find new weapons and every weapons has 3 slots in it. In those slots you put gems that you find during the missions gameplay. The game features a selectable difficulty much like Diablo's, so you can replay it a lot and continue to develop your character. To those people complaining that you have to think and build weapons and skills, you can just turn down the difficulty and just pass through the levels killing the enemies like you used to in SW2013. One of the biggest pros of this game is that you can customize you difficulty, weapons, skills to fit your gameplay as you like.Finally, it doesn't make any sense to not recommend this game just because it isn't exactly equal SW2013, you can play the game almost like the old one (except for the premade maps, which now are procedurally generated) and the game is very, very, veryexcellentby itself."
,Recommended,324800,28918582,Posted: 1 January,all,Ryan M Jean,"As crude and full of tasteless jokes as the original (which is part of the fun). Even on a low difficulty, the game ramps up the challenge quite far once the introductory mission is complete, so if you're a more casual gamer, or a story-oriented gamer like me, prepare to have Cheat Engine ready to help you with the single-player game. The visuals arent quite as high as other games this year, but are more on par with the AAA standard of 2014 -- which is to say still beautiful, but not as far as they could have gone."
76561198001974907,Recommended,324800,28947481,Posted: 2 January,all,robert.pankowecki,Very enjoyable shooter.
,Recommended,324800,28879963,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Shadow Kin,"Holy mother of pancakes, batman! This game is so freakin fun, especially on the hardest difficulty.Pros:-fast paced action-smooth performance-great visuals-great loot system-lots of upgrades and weapon tweaks-open combat environments-perfect combat mobility-co-op-fun bosses and mini bosses-funny humorCons:-story is so so-world design feels a bit randomFixes from previous game:-no more double tap nonsense to use abilitys-better upragades-more types of enemies with more interesting abilities-non-linear environment"
76561198085391060,Recommended,324800,28889938,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Psyme,"Ninja with guns and stuff?Hunting humans, demons and cyborgs?Funny?Pretty guud stuff right there."
76561198143847414,Recommended,324800,28919136,Posted: 1 January,all,Agent C,YES
,Recommended,324800,28954020,Posted: 2 January,all,rocket man ಥ_ಥ,This game is amazing and so much fun
,Recommended,324800,28957972,Posted: 2 January,all,King Boo,"Probably favorite Game of 2016 for me. Tight controls, clever humor,♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes, and fun weapons and powers. A japanese borderlands game if youre so inclined"
76561198305236410,Recommended,324800,29200013,Posted: 12 January,all,'~cmk``~'',"Great game! Manic action, tonnes of enemies and stuff to shoot at or slash and dice. Loads of loot and things to discover.The graphics are amazing. The scenery, the weather effects... Love the gore detail and effects.Very fluid to play don't feel frustrated without however being too easy. In fact I noticed the enemy AI is not bad they try to dodge bullets and block.It most definitely isn't fruit ninja!!Never played the first game so did not know much about it. Bought it based on a friend's recommendation. And boy was I glad I did. Enjoying it immensely so far.If you liked Deadpool you will love Wang! Just as funny as Deadpool and even more bad♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,324800,29025203,Posted: 4 January,all,『TXM』 «⥫Jay-fee⥬»,This game is a bloody hack and slash game that is kinda short but so much fun i definetly reccomend playing this game and it is so worth the money!
76561198022639564,Recommended,324800,29051480,Posted: 5 January,all,jester,"The action and game play was incredible , busting a gut laughing through out the entire game was an unexpected and welcomed bonus. one of the funniest games i have ever played in my life."
76561198058476665,Recommended,324800,28853931,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,HACKERMAN,lit up my keyboard to spell out wang10/10
,Recommended,324800,28889651,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,SoshiSSx,This game is amazing. I am very picky with graphics/gameplay mechanics and this one hits the spot. If you are unsure about getting it. It's worth it.
,Recommended,324800,29004715,Posted: 4 January,all,Novende,"Played game. got wang on face, recommended."
76561198054020994,Recommended,324800,29033766,Posted: 5 January,all,Veigar2G,"Now that i've invested enough time in the game i'm ready to write a review.A few things before hand, i played shadow warrior 1 so my opinion was a biased a bit and i mostly played co-op.The games itself rocks, they really stepped up their game with this sequel. Tons of weapons and a good diversity in enemies. The ai of the enemies is also very well done as they kept dodging my rockets.The storyline felt well written and the graphics were/are beautiful. If you played shadow warrior one this is a must buy, for those who are new into shadow warrior. Still buy it, it's an awesome game with extremely worth your money.A few cons, i feel like they could've done more with the gem system and loot system out of boxes. They could've enhanced it a bit. And i feel like they should've made some more big bosses, as in intimidating just like in shadow warrior 1. I also felt a bit less connected to the storyline in comparison to with hoji ( shadow warrior 1 ) , but that could've been a result of Co-OP play.Overall, great game free DLC and for me the best game that i've played in years."
,Recommended,324800,28997911,Posted: 3 January,all,fourNtwentyz,"Like a cross between doom and borelands, this game is awesome fun! You won't be dissapointed playing this game and has heaps of repeatability"
,Recommended,324800,29065988,Posted: 6 January,all,Grand Dad,"Simply incredible. That's all I really need to say about this game... But I'll say more.This game is like a love child of Borderlands and Doom 2016, and that's ♥♥♥♥in' awesome. It has tight controls, a neat loot system, badass guns and runs steady and fluid even with some crazy intense♥♥♥♥♥♥going on, which the ladder is a plus side itself. It's a pretty short game as well, which can make the price tag questionable, but constant updates and free DLC, yes FREE DLC, it doesn't seem like a big problem.I'll real quick put some pros and cons down for the lazy people.Pros+Tight controls+Good loot system+Incredible optimisation+Badass and awesome looking weapons+A Plethora of different skills and passives to find+Free DLC+Constant dev support+Plenty unique and equally interesting enemies+Good sense of humor+Lots of lore (For you nerds out there)Cons-It's a bit on the short side-Occasional bullet sponge bosses-Janky looking dialogue animationIn summary, buy this game. But I also reccomend you wait until it's on sale, or they eventually drop the price, because, as I said, it's a tad short. Flying pig studios you get my stamp of approval. (Not that that means anything...)."
,Recommended,324800,29213656,Posted: 12 January,all,MuffinManDan,Its ♥♥♥♥ing fun.
,Recommended,324800,29214107,Posted: 12 January,all,Mobinette,Crazy fluid action. Awesome Graphics. Lots of Wang. 10/10.
76561198237994208,Recommended,324800,28770475,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Romano Cheese,"Shadow Warrior 2 is a fun game to play with your friends. It is very much worth the money, its funny, its fast and it kicks wang."
,Recommended,324800,28773781,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,EnVy's #1 (and only) Fan,It's a hilarious and fun action game with gore everywhere. I love it. 9/10 would purchase all the DLC.
,Recommended,324800,28844491,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,midtwo,Hack slash kill! These are the words to think of when playing this game with your farvourite friend. If I were to rate this game from a scale of 9 - 10 i woul choose the colour yellow.AZN
76561198254069200,Recommended,324800,28780086,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,xXShadowLion,"I love this game, i think if you like fast past combat with the best asain ninja of all time you should play this game. Really addictive extremely fun. If you do play this game i recemond that you play on the 2nd hardest difficulty its much more rewarding and it wasent to hard for me, the first 3 times i died was cause i dashed off a cliff but it is definately challenging and extremely satisfying killing everything 10/10."
76561198000533943,Recommended,324800,28851374,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,T3chn1qu3 Viking 2.0™,Two wangs are better than one.
76561197996420578,Recommended,324800,29041906,Posted: 5 January,all,Turd Quadratic,"SW2 is a worthy sequel to its rebooted predecessor.More guns.More monsters.More... everything.I think I actually liked SW1 just a bit more though.  I actually felt the linearity of the first game worked better with this type of FPS.  That said, the co-op mode is a great addition and playing with friends is a blast."
,Recommended,324800,28775006,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Cluna3096,"As good as the first, if not much better."
,Recommended,324800,28943137,Posted: 2 January,all,Brigh Guy,"Nice improvements on the original:* Sword combat was more satisfying than the original* Now there's loot to upgrade weapon and the player stats* Crafting* Fantastic visual effectsThere's nothing quite like triggering your Vanish ability, sneaking up to a group of unaware enemies, and then unleashing your fully-charged spinning attack that just turns enemies into chunks. It was satisfying every time."
,Recommended,324800,28977261,Posted: 3 January,all,folkskygg,"Damn... this game is looking good... and it combines elements from RPG's and Hardcore FPS games. You have fast, smooth and beautiful gameplay, tons of loot and even character development. The graphics are stunning. (With HDR Support)Long speak short... Shadow Warrior 2 is just awesome. The Developers did a great job. So do yourself a favor and buy this masterpiece. ;)Rating: 10/10"
76561198124773496,Recommended,324800,28814437,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,CrazyFire808,"A few wang jokes here and there and some mediocre storytelling, but an overall fun experience if you're looking for something new and fun to play in between those long, story-heavy RPGs."
,Recommended,324800,28899731,Posted: 1 January,all,Hotline,It's been hours now...I'M STILL NOT BORED!!! GET THIS GAME!!!
,Recommended,324800,28915289,Posted: 1 January,all,Nao T★mori 友利 奈緒,worth the money :D
,Recommended,324800,28943621,Posted: 2 January,all,Wookiee Jesus,"Excellent game and happy I made the impulse buy, nice gem you guys made."
76561197996913732,Recommended,324800,28950743,Posted: 2 January,all,Tistar,This is simply Wangtastic :)
76561198049257442,Recommended,324800,29050227,Posted: 5 January,all,Steveggz,How can you give this anything but a positive review???Gameplay is outstandingGraphics are crazy beautifulGame is very optimized!!! GTX 670 & 4.5 Ghz 2500k extremely smooth visuals with a G-sync monitor. Fps between 45-90 but usually steady 65-75fps.Just make sure your aware of the fullscreen bug that causes the game to automatically switch to fullscreen windowed while still showing fullscreen in the games visual options. This might fool some into thinking the game is badly optimized when you're actually playing in fullscreen windowed.
76561197975310030,Recommended,324800,29171808,Posted: 10 January,all,CheshireCat,"Awesome mindless action game. Good humor,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥shaped swords, and cute girls. Fortune cookies are my favorite part. ""I dont advocate drugs, alcohol, or insanity to anyone but they've always worked for me."" - Hunter S. Thompson"
,Recommended,324800,29184147,Posted: 11 January,all,JumperMax,"Love this game. I give it a 7/10The graphic is stunning. Really love the humour in the story XDMy friends and I are playing this game together and were suprised how SHORT this game is. I'm not sure it is an ending or a cliffhanger...Maybe they'll release a DLC? I hope so....cos i have no idea what happened in the end :PAnyway, it is worth to buy :D"
76561197971458950,Recommended,324800,28810274,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,wynes,Great fast FPS game with beautiful graphics and the special Wang kind of humor.
,Recommended,324800,28846526,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Evil Dave,"I can whole heartedly say that this game is one of my top games of 2016. It managed to do what Doom couldn't; keep me interested. It presents a fast paced, gory, shoot and slice fest without making it feel like a chore. The story is somewhat stereotypical but with a fresh twist to it that helps keep the gameplay flowing without you knowing what will happen after every corner. Plenty of side missions are thrown around, with the ability to warp to a whole bunch of different maps to fulfill various requests.The comedy in the game largly relies on Wang jokes, which are largely uninspired but not hard enough to swallow. Wang's actual character is that of a lovable ""do I have to?"" hero who just wants to make a quick buck, which leaves him relatable and understandable in a world of craziness.The combat itself is very enjoyable. A large variety of weapons with swords, chainsaws, dual blades, baseball bats, shotguns, assault rifles, SMGs, grenade launchers, pistols, bows, nail guns and more, that allow you to pick your own gameplay on the fly but not allowing you to rely too heavily on it - as ammo can be pretty limited if you only rely on your favourite two guns. This coupled with the upgrades system that sees you collecting various gems from enemy corpses to give yourself another way to design your own play style. The upgrade system brings with it a fair downside however, in that most enemies drop a gem, with Superior enemies dropping numerous gems - as a reult you end up with a massive amount of useless gems which does nothing more than feed the need to grind for the gems you want, away from all the garbage.I've had a few stutters and situations of frame drops, alongside somewhat long load times showing that the game certainly has its flaws technically, but as a whole it has held up with consistent textures and running.This game is great if you're looking for a fast paced kill-athon focused on collecting loot to smash more skulls."
76561198143997203,Recommended,324800,28916427,Posted: 1 January,all,Kazuhira(KAZ)Miller,mate when i want to play this game.when i am starting this game afte 2 second its says  shadow warriror 2 stop working pls help me?
76561198058369550,Recommended,324800,28927998,Posted: 1 January,all,desperado,"good game,act+rpg+fps,chinese,plz."
76561198129039253,Recommended,324800,28999115,Posted: 3 January,all,TibberRain,The Wang is strong with this one.
,Recommended,324800,29059573,Posted: 6 January,all,Marto Polo,"masterpiece. absolutely gorgeous and an excellent sequel. The movements are hectic, Jump>dash>jump is your gtfo combo.My only complaint is that everything dies too slow, the enemies, the player. You'll be hitting each character like 5 times at least unless you're mashing the charge attack. Can get tedious and lose a lot of thrillalso a lot of guns seem fairly useless unless your good ones are out of ammo. <because of last pointand lastly it could probably use a block.otherwise it's a good 8.5/10. Like an actual 8.5 not an IGN 8.5."
,Recommended,324800,26199670,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Arkai47,Get some Wang.
,Recommended,324800,27958330,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Qlonc,It is a good game and hilarious dialouges
,Recommended,324800,27030295,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,fadilizer,yes
76561198143305728,Recommended,324800,26026346,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,paulxdg,good gamegood price
,Recommended,324800,26059064,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Indy,gg
,Recommended,324800,26245636,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,RandomJakob,"I bought this Game because I really liked SW1 and I liked what I saw in the Gameplay trailer of SW2 at Gamescom. So after roughly 12 hours of playing I think I have broken down what this game really is about.Pros:Gory Fastpaced CombatAmazing WeaponsInteresting PlotFunny DialougeAwesome Graphics3 Player Co-OpCons:Frustrating Upgrade SystemRepetativ LevelsQuestionable AnimationsLazy developed EnemiesThere you have it. Personally I really really enjoy this game because of its Hilarious main character, Awesome weapons ans especially the combat. It is not everyday you get to dash around a Forest/Dojo/Futeristic Higway and slay Demons/Gangster/Robots with an Arsenal of literally anything you could ever ask for (Chainsaw Katana, all Im gonna say). I guess this is why I can overlook some of the Problems this Game has. IT IS JUST TOO FUN !!"
,Recommended,324800,26021699,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Kókuszpók //\; ;/\\,"The only game I preordered ever, and it's very good so far, I loved the first one and it seems like this is just that only better. And I can't ask for more. Also ""you no mess with Lo Wang""!"
76561198121095416,Recommended,324800,26025015,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,PuRe,Amazing
76561198118719906,Recommended,324800,26035002,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Otto Pussner,The best thing about this game is getting new toys to play with.The hardest thing about this game is deciding which ones to use.
,Recommended,324800,29621094,Posted: 31 January,all,Craig1287,"I was a huge fan of the recent Shadow Warrior reboot, so I was very excited for SW2, especially with it adding in 4-player co-op. It's very similar to SW1 with the combat but it is much more RPG-ish that SW1. An easy comparison would be Borderlands, but rather than 8 bazillion guns, it has a few dozen weapons and throws a bazillion mods for your weapons, yourself, and passives for your co-op party. It can get a little too much, but just don't let yourself get lost in it and the action is just as great as it was in SW1.In co-op on higher difficulties, the enemies can get a tad bullet spongey, but in normal difficulty and especcially in single player, it's pretty mach identical to SW1 assuming you haven't completely ignored the progression system.Speaking of, the skill tree is prett cool and has a lot of diversity. New abilities drop as quest rewards and just from enemies as RNG. You can spec yourself as a tank, as a quick melee ninja, as a multi-gun beast, or a spell/ability casting machine. There's a lot of depth to the skills/abilies and it's not nearly as 'overloading' as the mod system.The plot is a little weaker than SW1 since this one is less linear and take a much more 'open world' approach. The humor is still there though. Sound design is great, no complaints. The visuals of the game, both technical and artistic, are top notch. One of the prettiest games of 2016 for sure and if you're using nVidia, there's a really nice performace boosting option that lowers the resolution of the outer edges of your game. You barely notice it as you're focused on the tagets in the center of your screen. It's a technique used a lot in VR and it works out really well here (there's multiple levels to it so mess around till you find the one you like best matched with teh best fps boost you get).5/5"
,Not Recommended,324800,29954150,Posted: 15 February,all,peytoncox117,"Great game but it's brought down by the fact that there is always a damn update.I have limited internet access (Roughly 25gbs a month) couple that with the fact that I use that on online multiplayer games, business, youtube, etc it goes fast.  I have a full time and part time job so whenever I do get the chance/want to play it there's an update needed. I would expect this from an early access game but come on, I just want to play the game!If you have unlimited internet access you're good but if not...... Yea..Game is a solid 8.5/10 It's exactly what you expect. Funny Script, Solid Gameplay, Graphics AAA+, Updates is literally whats killing me."
,Recommended,324800,26122064,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Schiz0id,"I have to say that I seriously enjoyed this game. Its probably in my top ten this year. A little rough around the edges though.That being said, theres a ton of issues with it. Its kind of boring if you dont have the ocd to sort through all the gems (which i kind of enjoy) the bulletsponge enemies (which i have no problem with) and the unsatisfying lack of weapon drops. Theres a ton of fun to be had with new game plus co op and free roam but it feels like something's missing. The elemental damage is pointlesd before you get any skills for elemental damage.Also the story is terrible and no existant and you cant empathise or connect to any characters.The lo wang humor is incredible the first time, the animations are great and varied shot per shot, the gore is great, the gunplay is awesome, and theres 71 extremely varied guns instead of a million similar and useless ones. The gems are terrible before level 35 but after that they are amazing.You may end up returning it if you cant deal with loot and borderlands like shooters, and with the above mentioned issues plus tge pointless hub system, but I enjoyed it."
,Recommended,324800,26109103,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,NinJustin,I am having a lot of fun with this game.  It does first person melee so well.  The verity of weapons is one of the best in any  FPS game and the mobility the character has is glorious.The upgrade system for the weapons with the gems is mostly basic but still apprieciated and there are lots of little character upgrades to be had.  I do wish they had randomized versions of the same gun rather than set values for the 70 or so weapons in the game. At least that's what I've seen so far.  I think that would give it some more depth but still lots of guns.The skills in combat are pretty nice I should use them more but being able to disable mobs or vanish is appreciated.The game for the most part looks really good.  I do wish you could lower the size of the weapons a bit some of them are a bit too big on screen for my taste.The levels are randomized to a certain extent which has it's pros and cons.  The biggest con is that often you are left to dash over and over again between large mob less areas.  The randomization of the map isn't the problem as much as the empty areas that it has somehow left between areas with things to shoot or go stabby on.I know some people had problems thinking this game is like Borderlands because of the rpg aspects but really you just swap guns and gems when you get one that better fits your play style.  None of them are leagues above the rest as far as I've gotten in the game.I've been playing on the default medium setting and I do not feel like most enemies are bullet sponges like I've seen complained about in some reviews. The random elite and boss however can dish out some punishment but even most elites can be taken out quickly if you hit them with the right elemental weapon. I've been ripping most things apart it's only when I get overwelmed with too many creatures that battles go on and on and I have no problem with that.I'm looking forward to playing some coop but right now I give this game at least an 85%.  I really love the fast action combat of this game.
76561198020406679,Recommended,324800,26052464,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,iommi666,"This game is straight up coolin' main, the combat is insanely fun and not ♥♥♥♥♥♥ like alot of other games like this, its addicting, the graphics are out of controll nice, im runing a lightly oc'd 970 and an i5 4690k @4.7ghz 16gb ram, and im running 1440p it runs as smooth as cream cheese main, so its very well optimized, the guns are badass they all look so unique and different, the game came out just a few days ago and the devs are already ontop of updates and correcting problems with the initial launch of the game, overall just a rocksteady product main, very glad i bought it and i will have many many hours of exhubriant entertainment with this game, i give it a solid 9.5\10, only because the game is so new, they might make it even better with future updates? witch would be hard cause its so good, but i could see it happening, buy it, you wont be disapointed son"
76561197984970266,Recommended,324800,26052496,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Jacob,Loved the smoothness of the game! (Kill and Keep Running)
,Recommended,324800,26522106,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,tOMME,Upvote
,Recommended,324800,26041562,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Slippery W33D,Pretty ♥♥♥♥ing dank if you ask me.
76561198202746105,Recommended,324800,26026969,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,FarkWadd,"Funny, Entertaining, and alot of loot, a true breath of fresh air compaired to the call of duty remakes we get as fps games today."
76561198072872403,Recommended,324800,26169129,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,THE Mexicutionare,"This game is by far one of my favorite Pc games! Fast paced, awesome weapons, monsters that so much fun to destroy, and the level design is random thatll keep me going for quite some time! If you liked doom 2016, You will love this"
76561198074394447,Recommended,324800,29613191,Posted: 31 January,all,Bread Enthusiast,Solid second installment in the series. Combat really improved and tons of weapons. The maps could use a bit more variety especially in the side missions.
76561198315514157,Recommended,324800,29620360,Posted: 31 January,all,Doomguy,"Incredibly fun FPS game. The humor is the same as the original. The deviation from the original arena shooter formula has divided fans of this series, but overall the game is fun."
,Recommended,324800,26021660,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,creme,fckn awesome like the previous ones
76561198113268585,Recommended,324800,26026961,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Banditos Way,"I haven't had the chance to play very much, but from what i have played  i'm loving it. Good fighting mechanics and the loot grinding is really fun. I like it so much i bought 2 copies for friends as well."
,Recommended,324800,26026299,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Grave,It's like skyrim...with wang jokes.
,Recommended,324800,26902905,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,nuclearunicorn7,You want some Wang? Because this game has got some Wang. Lots and lots of Wang.
,Recommended,324800,26922967,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Knife Me For Salt Spray,"Get to go through and slash demons to little bits with swords as a guy named Wang makes sarcastic♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes, what's not to love?But overall fun game, lacking in the replayability department a little bit but the devs still keep updating so that might change."
76561197980750387,Recommended,324800,26923727,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Winterson,+ Lo Wang+ ...who is total sarcastic  d***k to everybody+ brutal combat+ even more gore and blood+ most of dialogue is hilarious+ a ton of weapons+ decent story+ a lot of levels+ Borderlands fans will really like this game+ responsive combat+ hoarders will love this game+ plenty of difficulty settings+ very good optimalization- you will drown in all upgrades- returning to identical maps- and other minor drawbacksConclusion: TOTALLY RECOMMEND!
,Recommended,324800,30385733,Posted: 7 March,all,nick55326,"Story. OK/10Something Burning (My graphics card are burning). 5/10Gameplay Between 5-6.8/10Jokes 6/10Overall: I don't know, you do the Math. (I failed in Math Test and I'm AsianAnd no, I don't eat My Dog.)"
76561198098342233,Recommended,324800,29755842,Posted: 6 February,all,Graykat,Nice graphics.Really funWould recommend playing on a high difficulty its very easy on the lower to medium difficultiesLots of stuff to doLots of weaponsLots of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥jokesCool easter eggsFree DLCSometimes gets a bit repetitiveThis game even has a button to wipe the blood off your sword
,Recommended,324800,26024166,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Kernel,"The gameplay is about as satisfying as the first one.Soundtrack 10/10 I am sorry this soundtrack was just absolutely amazing.Graphics 8/10 not entirely sure what engine they are using but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥is this optimized to all hell. im currently running with a GTX960 and runs at all high, 100 FOV, at 60FPS.Co-op works quite well. not much lag experienced so far. using AT&T and only experience some rubberbanding enemies every now and then.Honestly i loved the first one and the second is an amazing follow-up. Pick this upalso its $20 less than the average price"
,Recommended,324800,31884224,Posted: 21 May,all,sprinkles...,"Believe the hype, it is fun. Oh and Wang drives a modded 260Z, awesome."
76561198271862135,Recommended,324800,26046808,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,CoLdStOnE,awesome
76561198008694052,Recommended,324800,26047052,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Tsekerino,"Played a view hours. Gotta say feels a lot like Borderlands, in a good way. If you like guts and gore and jokes about guts and gore, you can't go wrong with this."
76561197978804316,Recommended,324800,26047136,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,rareWhiteTRASH,"Fantastic melee/shooting gameplay, awesome visuals, suprisingly good story and side-missions!  This is a new take on the Shadow Warrior gameplay, but I really like the more open ended mission structure and the inlcusion of loot drops.  The drops make upgrading your abilities and character more personal than the last game.Highly recommended if you liked the first, or enjoy FPS shooters."
76561198103328491,Recommended,324800,26047334,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Killer_Moose,GG
,Recommended,324800,26047006,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Captain Sloth,I love it. I mean I love the game not the Wang.-Funny character-Colorful environment-Smooth gameplay-Plenty of weaponsI hope they give us the ability to play it in a 3rd person view.
76561198040112987,Recommended,324800,28715000,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,InvisibleShadow,One of the best FPS games this year. One of the best FPS games EVER. The Wang is back.
76561198013717492,Recommended,324800,26650154,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Maxell,Perfect!
76561198195298155,Recommended,324800,33693827,Posted: 21 July,all,Madai,"This thing screams ""Third chapter"", I need more Wang"
76561198092126742,Recommended,324800,26281958,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,newironside,"♥♥♥♥ing badass ARPG, loved both SW 1 and 2"
,Recommended,324800,27840772,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Tuddy,"Good, only doin this 4 award. But you should probably buy it"
,Recommended,324800,33707633,Posted: 21 July,all,Pan Ogden,Wangtastic game.
76561198090544014,Recommended,324800,26105312,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Chiro,Dame ! One of the best game this year
,Recommended,324800,33699829,Posted: 21 July,all,GadenP,"Ignore the Story.This game is all about killing stuff in fast pace, well made combat and then killing EVEN MORE STUFF!!!!!Although the game world is much smaller then Borderland, combat is too me much better.Customisation is also way better or make for a fun game."
,Recommended,324800,33672189,Posted: 20 July,all,Shannon Lim,"DAMN AWESOME, hack and slash killing bad guys buy it and enjoy * More Discount with Payday 2 Owners *"
,Recommended,324800,26023198,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Wioll,"I played this game at Pax West 2016, WOW, it is a ton of fun. i didnt get my hopes super high and now i kinda wish i had. A joy to play with tons of cool weapons and i love me some Wang. Runs butter smooth on my GTX 970.So i few things that are bothering me and my buddies is that if your not the host of the game every now and then you cant see the waypoints for the quests. Also if your not host it seems you cant interact with any of the quest items, doors, npcs ect.. im not sure if this is a huge bug or it hasnt been implemented but it would make the overall experience better if everyone could contribute to the mission and see where they are supposed to go.Overall i really enjoy this product, but the Co-op is deffinitly lacking some features. Singleplayer is great though.*edited*"
76561198036218427,Recommended,324800,26023342,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Kyotan,"Everything from the previous Shadow Warrior has been improved here. Everything. The weapons, combat and movement system as well as how weapon upgrades work. Instead of the game being linear with hidden secrets, the game is now a free roam game with a centralized hub.  You can grab missions and complete them in any order. The rewards are well worth it and the progession is well paced. The game also adds a bit of RPG aspects to it. Unlock skillpoints. Improve skills, Chi, Health. Not to mention the game is very very well optomized and you can tweak graphics settings on the fly. My only regret is that I didn't get the digital deluxe edition. This game is well worth the 40$ price tag. If they priced it at a AAA standard, you'd still be getting more than what you paid. I can not reccomend this game enough."
,Recommended,324800,26105976,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,iozjik,"Really good game. Lots of hack, slash, pew-pew and fun. Lots of unique weapons - more than 50, i think + intresting upgrade system, which can help you fine-tune weapon for your game style."
76561198093519400,Recommended,324800,31892543,Posted: 21 May,all,Lorft,Wow... The future just keeps getting futureyer...
,Recommended,324800,26059275,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Shinzann,Fun game. Gratuitous violence & lowbrow humour abound like the rabbits in this game.
,Recommended,324800,26039494,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Wiggies,"The path of the wang is long and hard, and ribbed for her pleasure.10/10 would wang again"
76561198143560216,Recommended,324800,29990325,Posted: 17 February,all,Stelex,♥♥♥♥♥♥ Awsome GAme !!!+rep
,Recommended,324800,30034203,Posted: 19 February,all,THE PUMPKIN KING85,hey buttface youre face still looks like a buttits like the best part of borderlands only better with wang all over youre face
,Recommended,324800,29985735,Posted: 17 February,all,Bemarimulkku,i have never stuck in a game menu so long in my life﻿
,Recommended,324800,30030065,Posted: 19 February,all,FaderMat,If you enjoy cheesy jokes while at the same time sawing some demon in half/quarts etc. this game is for you
,Recommended,324800,26087974,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Quaxo,"Not sure where to start with this one. There were good things and bad things about this game.Good:- The combat system is very well done.- The graphics are decent.- Easy to use skill system.- Lots of humorous one-liners.- The Wang jokes just keep coming.- Game starts with Stan Bush's ""The Touch"". Hard to get more 80s than that.Bad:- The levels are a bit repetitive. There only seems to be 3 or 4 different themes and some levels are used repeatedly.- There isn't a lot of variety to the enemies or even the bosses.- All but 2 of the female characters might as well be nude.- While there is a female character option in multiplayer, it is appearance to other players only. You still have Wang's hands and voice.- The game still has a few bugs, none really game breaking. There are places you can climb or fall through the map though.There have been some people saying they finished the game in 5 hours, which I don't see unless they just skipped all of the side-content. My friend and I played through the entire campaign on co-op, doing all side missions, and there was about 15 hours of content.Overall, I do recommend the game, especially if you get it on sale."
76561198015589318,Recommended,324800,31888600,Posted: 21 May,all,Timmiiii,"First impression: Hm, another hack´n slash gameSecond impression: Damn, that chi is powerful o.OThird impression: YEAH, SUCK ON MY CHI KICK - BON-F*CKING-SAI!Final impression: I am become death, the destroyer of worlds"
,Recommended,324800,27599672,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DarkDragon4104,"Fun Game that doesnt take its self too seriously., please fix the shadow texture popping in."
,Recommended,324800,27601561,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BROTENDO,Hilarious game. Great sequel that adds alot to the series.
,Recommended,324800,27601085,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Buddah,"Love this game, so funny and been having alot of fun playing with my friend, trying to get more people to get it to play with"
76561198061078719,Recommended,324800,27601179,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Reaper,this was way to much fun need the 3rd now
,Recommended,324800,26033949,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,D-SMOCK,loved it
,Recommended,324800,33906980,Posted: 30 July,all,Too High,"dank memes, i approve."
,Recommended,324800,26210185,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Tombstone,I am so glad I decided to give this game a chance.  So so well-made and satisfying.That's it.  That's my review.Awesome. Game.
76561197977353645,Recommended,324800,26227493,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Goblin System,"Fun fast-paced FPS with lots of weapons, weapon-Upgrades and skills.Game is rather short, doesnt have many maps (same maps used for multiple missions), andnot that many different enemies.Overall a very good experience, but dont expect too much content in terms of maps and enemies."
,Recommended,324800,30286539,Posted: 2 March,all,Wendy,"""I love the smell of demon guts in the morning."""
76561198009257859,Recommended,324800,26132572,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Gavrick,Worth the money???.... Yes!Love the charcter of this game..It ran like butter on ultra on my high end system.I’d go so far as to say it’s the most fun I’ve had in a game for a while.BUT……It’s very short lived.SpoilerAs soon as you figure out how to use the sword the game is kind of broken…. I played my first run through on Hard and it became way to easy way to quickly.  After the 4th or 5th mission I was pretty much invincible and once I completed and started my next game on insane with the same character  I was literally a god.Unfortunatly the game gets repetitive very quickly. If your gonna buy this game start it on insane and get your money’s worthGonna screw around with vorpx and see if I can get it to work in VR otherwise I’ll have to lay this one to rest.
,Recommended,324800,26117982,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Reddington,"Quick rundown:Pros:+Visceral, powerful combat+Great deal of visual feedback, making your guns feel pwoerful+Highly mobile combat, with unlimited dashes, double jumping, parkour on rooftops, jumping on enemy heads, etc.+Enjoyable loot system that does more than just give passive upgrades to weapons (e.g. dual wielding, turret weapons, remotely guided rockets, etc.)+Good deal of enemy variety+Many different ways to play with the variety of melee weapons and guns out there+Many types of builds to work towards; weapons cater to different playstyles+Retains Wang's humor from first game+Abilities are much more accessible this time and have a significant impact in battle-Co-op functionality to play with others for the first timeCons:-Weak audio feedback, making your guns sound like cat farts-Enemy modifer are uninteresting, just giving them resistances that prolong fights-No way of quickly filtering out drops, leading to you being inundated with useless loot-Enemies get obnoxiously bullet spongy at times-Automatic weapons outside of heavy guns seem to be lacking in the TTK department-Performance is all over the place, especially in a multiplayer game-Visual clutter is overwhelming at times, especially on the neon city-esque stages-Gun models are huge, covering up literally half your screen-Story isn't as involving as first game's-Characters aren't as interesting - rehashing the characters from the first game dilutes their motivations and personalities-Stages aren't handmade - missions are rehashes of previous areas you've been to already-You're dragged by the neck by an invisible leash if you play co-op - you're at the whim of the host and what he or she decides to do (i.e unskippable cutscenes)VERDICT: Game has a ton of issues, but the fantastic gameplay, rivaling that of this year's DOOM, makes up for its shortcomings. It's a thrill ride from beginning to end, and that's what is at the foremost of my mind in spite of its problems."
76561198129417572,Recommended,324800,26125696,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Airborne Fire Bee,Story - 6/10Gameplay - 10/10♥♥♥♥♥♥Jokes - 100000000/10This game feels like what would happen if Borderlands 2 had sex with Doom and gave birth in Japan.
76561198081914744,Recommended,324800,26227194,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,BGZ,Not bad...bit short.
76561197970776743,Recommended,324800,26227088,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,morfaine,"As a player who only plays single player. Good, but not as good as the first one."
76561198061150791,Recommended,324800,26125033,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Syringolide,"By far the best FPS I have played in several years. While I'm more into stealth games than straight out shooters, the combat in this is brilliant. Almost 30 hrs in and not a hint of bordem. I'm not so keen on the direct comparison to Borderlands alone, but reminds me of a FP version of Diablo/Grim Dawn and other ARPGs. RPG elements are fun and grinding to gain skill points and cash on previously completed missions is an option if you want, but not required. It takes a while to properly master the combat mechanics and skills, but once you do it is so much fun - and for $36 this puts some others games asking $60 or above to shame in terms of enjoyment value per $. Highly recommend to anyone that likes ARPGs, FPS, humor, Borderlands (all of them), Far Cry (3-4) etc."
76561198054359602,Recommended,324800,26198715,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Mad-Hamlet,"Shadow Warrior in 2013 surprised the hell out of me.I'm a story fanatic; a good game is centered around the story and graphics, gameplay, etc take a second place(Not distant, but still second)Generally in an FPS the game is told mostly passivly, sparingly, is one of buffoonery, or borderline non-existant- Halo, Hexen, Duke Nukem(Lots of others), Doom.Shadow Warrior had a god damned STORY! So...if nothing else, play that.I was hoping Shadow Warrior 2 would continue and exceed the original.Well, credit for getting half of it.But let's take a look at secondary-Graphics: Great. Settings can be repetative but that's something you get accostomed too with a grinding co-op. Quality is airtight.Sound: Sure. Music, great. Sound effects, wonderful(I love the WarSSAWWWW)Gameplay: It's okay. Melee weapons outclass guns in every way EXCEPT...you can't really duel. Just being near enemies gets you hurt and they're everywhere. So range is your friend unless you're tweaked pretty well.Customization seems varied, but despite drowning in gems after a battle, the actual diviristy is pretty spartan. Elemental Damage boosts supercedes most other abilites...and again...WARSAWW OF FIIIIRRREEE!!!Powers: Ah, easily abused. Right gems, right powers you can pretty much screw anything over except bosses. Which is nice. I like it.Story: Here we go....I'm not going into the story. You want a summary look at the wiki. The story doesn't 'surprise' as much as the original. There are a LOT of nods to it...still miss you Houji...bro...comrade.... and the sense of continuity is there. The 'I Am Power' trailer is a bit deceptive though. The end result is explained and the sense of near-tragedy continues fairly well enough, but it's not the SURPRISE and I can't directly fault Flying Wild Hog. I wish it was the same, but we always want more of what we loved.Is it worth it?Oh ♥♥♥♥ yes.You want the Wang.YOUWANTTHEWAAAANNNNGGG (with a warsawww...OFFIRE)"
,Recommended,324800,26256190,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,♥Cammy♥,"10/10 Has a gun called ""The Boner"" and a Meme in a fortune cookie saying ""Wangs out for Harambe"""
76561197988727225,Recommended,324800,26625664,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,"Ajna Limikin *,..,*{D(.Y.)M}","I really like this game. The only thing thats not an improvement from the original is the dialogue - its ok, but nowhere near as hilarious as the first. Weapon selection is great, mods are plentiful, Gameplay is solid, RPG elements work well."
,Recommended,324800,26124921,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,MikeatArms,"Probably the best game to come out this year. Fast, fun, thrilling, and it does a good job of making you feel like a badass. Good difficulty curve, and you can scale down at any time. Lots of fun weapons and one liners. An absolute joy to play."
76561198047858801,Recommended,324800,26227150,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,MrFry,"I bought the game for 35 bucks and i need to say, I love the loot, graphic and a bit the dickjoke.It has some small bugs but overall very good optimased game.Content is big for this kind of game (a ""doom"" like, with little loot/leveling infused)+ a big 10-15 hour campain and a lot more to hunt for.tumbs up for SW2"
76561198023727601,Recommended,324800,26118025,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Deaden,First of all game is funny to play as Co-oP But there is having huge laggy issue. It would be great if we see servers' ping.Another issue there isn't any chat in multiplayer.I hope they will fix those both issue soon.
76561198334293609,Recommended,324800,26261857,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,MriLuvPizza,If anyone's into ninja-style rpg games then I recommend this game for you! and the if you like character's that are easy-going and funny then all i can say is this is the perfect game for you!
,Recommended,324800,26132155,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,[VA]Lain-Core,"Loads of fun. First playthrough i built out full ranged.By the end I ran with a demon like pistol, that when fired, has a blast radius of 8 (i think it's feet). Great for clearing out destructible objects before a battle, sweeping a house and blasting apart everything and taking out rabbits.Next was my sawed off shotgun with 3 barrels. At one point I put a mod on that fired all 3 at once, but it was overkill with a long cooldown (1.5 seconds). Slotted it with electricty mods. By the end, i would have used this more than any other weapon. The ability to dash at any time, no cost, no cooldown, means i can dash right into a back of baddies faces, then let loose and dash out again. Short range, wide spread, huge destruction and damage. WIth the electric mods anything that wasn't killed, was stun/dot'd to death a few seconds later. I used this for any swarms of small creatures and fighting medium ones that engaged at melee range.Assault rifle for mid range combat. Finally got a decent one later on. This was my primary weapon for large enemies that were not elite/champion. It did plenty of damage to mow them down from a safe range. For elite/champion large baddies, I would use this as a secondary fallback.Minigun! My favorite and comes in a number of flavors. Putting dozens of rounds down range every second. I slotted this with my best and strongest mods. I designed it to use with Fury and stacked amulet bonus and personal mods to increase fury damage. Nothing lasts for more than a few seconds with this combination except for the strongest of bosses.Gauss rifles. Found quite a few near the end. I used arrows at one point. Arrow type you charge up for max damage but can fire again right away. Gauss rifle you fire instantly, but reload after each shot. I found the Gauss rifle to be ideal since it doesn't ""Arc"". They seem to all have a straight LoS fireline. Since i used this for opening sniper shots on large and/or hard targets, accuracy was key. With the distance, most things can't even find me and i can pick off an entire group without even drawing attention. Headshot + Element = massive damage. It's so strong that in the right situation, it was useful on bosses when my primary/secondary were out of ammo.Rocket Launcher. Found one called, World Destroyer? Big toxic damage. Single shot. With mods on this thing, it has a single shot damage output of ~1200. Right after getting this and modding it, I came across a champion called ""Destroyer of Worlds"". (Hope i'm recalling these names correctly). Stayed a good 50m away from him, and decided to test the new rocket launcher. Killed him in a single shot. Later in the game it wasn't powerful enough to single shot champions. However with the right angle looking down on a group of enemies, this thing made their day very bad.Very early on, melee weapons that consume ammo for force slash were strong. Once i had a decent arsenel with the ammo storage/find skills maxed out, it wasn't necessary to carry a melee weapon.All in all, very satisfying. Played on normal. Switch to insane. Stopped after the first half dozen missions as insane difficulty was proving to be a bit easy. Probably pick it up again later."
76561198054002478,Recommended,324800,26226813,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Scaleofthought,"Awesomely fun, for sure.- The monsters have that Dead Space feel to them during combat.- Combat is hovering between Borderlands and ""Gunz: The Duel"" (a game I played a ridiculously long time ago that I enjoyed, but cheating ruined it for me)- Monsters also have ""mods"" on them. Like Toxic Immune, Swift, Hardened, etc.- Monsters can range from your normal monster, then work their way up to a Superior, and even Elite versions that become tougher.- Story is interesting enough. The voice acting is harsh sometimes, but the script is humourous and engaging.- Character customization is plentiful. I spend 20-30 minutes after a couple hours of playtime to re-gem and fart around with weapons.- Crafting came along and now I spend even more time with that. The timing of the introduction was good because I had about 750k gold and I didn't know what to do with it all. Well. There it all went.- Skills/Powers. Very fun. I like Vanishing. I like Grip of Darkness and impaling those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Sometimes I just take a moment to appreciate the brief moment of quietness that I've caused as enemies hang in the sky.- Haven't even completed the game yet. I've done the first boss fight and that was epic. I'm really looking forward to the next encounter, for combat, more chaos. More crafting and fiddling around with weapon customization.It's very fun playing with a friend. We picked it up as a casual go-to game when we were bored of other games, but it's taken hold of our attention and is one of our main games to play.If you enjoy slaying demonds in a fast paced FPS combat, with either guns, bows, or melee weapons, and coming out feeling like a total bad♥♥♥♥♥.. this is the game to choose."
76561198032596728,Recommended,324800,26209345,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,solidass,"THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING SWEET!I understand that if someone didn't like borderlands he wouldn't like that.So, if what is written is true for you - don't buy it.But, as a boderlands fan, I really liked it.It has everything a game needs like good graphics, huge amount of weapons, a nice story, good jokes from time to time, a co-op multiplayer, super good fightings and etc.There are, of course, some cons, but I don't think they are big to infulence my experience from this game.I highly recommend this, it's just like total fun without thinking."
,Recommended,324800,34884782,Posted: 11 September,all,ZyoZyo Pintam Hellcase.com,I ahve never played a game that has made me laugh so much as this LONG LIVE THE WANG !!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198006642638,Recommended,324800,26043177,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Commander Greyscale,"Lo wang is back, can you handle the wang?"
,Recommended,324800,26024705,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Lokier,Gore + Loot = Kreygasm
,Recommended,324800,26043210,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,fxxk7692,"Remember,NO RABBIT"
,Recommended,324800,34828754,Posted: 8 September,all,AHRI,"if doom and the entire country of japan had a baby. then got it hooked on russian steroids. THEN gave it all the weapons of a PMC from the depths of hell, it be this game."
,Recommended,324800,26024486,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,kupon3ss,Pretty dumb fun
,Recommended,324800,26039078,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,wolfwood2130,"Hate to say it but the first game just couldn't hold my interest, but I admitidly have a short attention span. This game is close to perfection though, and I can't stop playing it. The only real knock I can bring against it, is the sub par character models, not really sure what happened there. I hope they expand on this model and bring us a 3rd game. Great job team!"
,Recommended,324800,26032635,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,[DGF] Martin Walker,Procedural DOOM + Diablo 3 + Borderlands with the same 2013 Shadow Warrior flavor.Go get more Wang. You know you want it.10/10
76561197998849754,Recommended,324800,26035723,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,PsychoTheRapist,neuce AF
,Recommended,324800,28621533,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Lake333GLD,"Great sequel of the great remake of the great game!If like FPS and slashers, BUY IT NOW!10 Wangs of 10But it is a fully new game. Keep it in mind."
,Recommended,324800,26313164,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,GeekNathan,"I honestly can't remember when a game was this fun from the beginning until the very end. The best swordplay in an FPS I've ever player. Best VA and comedy, and a killer sound track. More please."
76561197977300964,Recommended,324800,28294514,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Ace Argon,Great game in the spirit of Duke Nukem and Serious Sam.  So much fun as COOP!
,Recommended,324800,28293173,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,KING NIKO,Shadow Warriors 2 is absolutely amazing.EVERYBODY SHOULD OWN THIS GAME!!!10/10
,Recommended,324800,26856348,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RetroBlast,"Take the awesome swordplay combat of the original Shadow Warrior, add Borderlands-style weapon drops, throw in some Diablo-style gem mods for weapon and gameplay attributes, and stir with a generous amount of Demon blood. Sprinkle with  generous amounts of gorgeous eye-candy. A crazy, fun, bloody time..."
,Recommended,324800,35137691,Posted: 22 September,all,mhenryblack,"Full review after I complete the game.In short: this game is so good it makes every other developer out there look like they don't know what they're doing.Bravo, Flying Wild Hog!PS- to dev or any other players.  I missed the preorder bonus is there anyway I can buy the Razorback as DLC?Wanna get my 40k ninja on.(Attn dev- people will pay for it!)"
,Recommended,324800,30582809,Posted: 17 March,all,"Tubba, Säljer M9 TT 2200kr","Wang's stupid wisecracks kept me smiling from start to finish, and the variety of melee and ranged combat and the loot that dropped from it was satisfying enough that I came back with friends for more. It's great fun in solo or in co-op, and its small degree of randomization is enough to keep the action fresh for at least a few runs."
76561198093336856,Recommended,324800,26036690,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Muppet of a Man,"First couple hours is bad, everything else good"
,Recommended,324800,26036692,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,The_Shooter17,"Puts game on hardest difficulty, I mean pffft how hard could it be right*1hr laterGame overGame overGame overGame overGame overOh and btw when u die, the enemies spawn back from the depths of hell and you lose your damn money too10/10 would shoot a demon 50 times with a shotgun only for it to kill me and regenerateEDIT: I also forgot if you preordered you got a motherfuking chainsaw katana, idk about you but I dont know anyone who does not think that's a bad idea"
,Recommended,324800,30229317,Posted: 27 February,all,Kruche ciasteczka z marmoladą,100/100
76561198049313439,Recommended,324800,34780299,Posted: 6 September,all,Prototyler,*Insert Wang joke here*
,Recommended,324800,34741886,Posted: 4 September,all,Exenteron Dementis,I feel like a badass ninja
76561198062376187,Recommended,324800,26095494,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,LuCiFeR,"Amazing game. Awesome visuals, good combat, many weapons, hilarious at times. Optimized well on PC and day 1 support for SLI!!!!"
,Recommended,324800,26226399,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,you honey dicker,This is the best game I've played this year!
76561197993517542,Recommended,324800,30605427,Posted: 18 March,all,Ultra Superior,"Incredibly polished game. Smooth, fun and surprisingly detailed, considering it would surpass its peers even without such attention to detail. Never feels cheap."
76561198101717642,Recommended,324800,26137483,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,TrollingPig,"First, a basic overview. The gameplay is addictive, the plot is good, and it still has that same sense of humor (the main character's name is Lo Wang, figure it out).The gameplay is not very similar to Shadow Warrior, but is still quite fun. The best way I can think of to describe it is that if Tourchlight and SW had a child, it would be SW2. You have plenty of weapons, many different effects of all kinds to place on those weapons, and several metric tons of people that want you dead. Coincidence? I don't think so. Also, if you're looking for a game that is quite bloody, you've found it. Watch the trailers if you don't believe me. I feel I should mention the chainsaws. They aren't the most useful weapon, but they are pretty much the most fun. Time slows down for when you are slicing through an enemy. Blood, guts, slivers of flesh, all that good stuff.I will be short in referencing the plot. It's suffice to say, the plot is not as predictable as many other games I have played recently. It made sense, but wasn't the kind of game that you know the plot from the first two seconds of story. That reminds me, there is lore. Several pages of scrolls, books, digital books, and similar items.The humor has gotten less subtle. There are jokes around every corner, be it an implied joke or a direct joke. I would give a few examples if I didn't think that would ruin the fun. But if you really want to see them, you just can google it or buy the game and play it to discover the jokes for yourself. There are mock fortune cookies here as well. while most aren't as funny as the original SW cookies were, there are many more. And they are numbered, and stored in the Wanglopedia. Sorry I couldn't help but reveal at least one joke, and not even a very good one at that.From what I've heard, this would make a better Deadpool the game than the real Deadpool the game.P.S. Not the bunnies, please not the bunnies."
76561198052629941,Recommended,324800,26037263,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,JuFaDa,"This game took the first game and amped it up to 11!!! The combat system is fast and bloody just like the first game, they added alot more guns and melee weapons and you can customize to your liking. The sound track is amazing, the main theme song just gets you pumped up. The graphics are beautiful and detailed. I highly recommened this to the people who love shooters. The only down side is the story seems to be skipping a lot, like at the beginning  it felt like you were going all over the place and i was very lost but after no complants after that point."
,Recommended,324800,26137743,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,matthewchompers,"It's good! so many different weapons, skills, upgrades. There is even an option to craft and augment your weapons with elemential powers! Levels are different enough to be enjoyable. Graphics are good. Some bugs here and there but nothing they wont end up fixing. Comedy sprinkled on top, not too much but its there. Babes, guns, chainsaws, plasma weapons! Come get some Wang!"
,Recommended,324800,26175286,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,The Detective,"Super fun game. Levels and gameplay got boring towards the end of the game, but everything else was great."
76561198285513809,Recommended,324800,29773602,Posted: 7 February,all,Charlie,"I love this game, it is amazing."
76561198112836078,Recommended,324800,30476735,Posted: 12 March,all,(づ￣ ³￣)づ JesusBourne (づ￣ ³￣)づ,This game is cooked to perfection. Still needs the lambsauce though...
76561198065806040,Recommended,324800,26041889,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,ednooooo,What a fantastic year for games! First we get Doom and now Shadow Warrior 2!!! Shadow Warrior 2 is an excellent game and easily surpasses the first game in nearly every way. Where Doom is very lean Shadow Warrior 2 is very fatty. Shadow Warrior 2 is packed with content from tons of weapons to enemy variety. I recommend playing on the second to last difficulty as the normal difficulty is a bit too easy. Excellent game maybe even better then Doom..........
76561198154083678,Recommended,324800,28196641,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Retrostyle,first one was better but this still was fun to play
76561198108772055,Recommended,324800,28220790,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,GodspeedzeeY,"Here comes wang again! Shadow Warrior 2 has made a big change since it's previous installation, which I wouldn't say it's furtile. However, in my personal view, I am more into the story-orinated gaming style. I still remember the day when I first played Shadow Warrior for about 5 minutes on my cousin's rig, I was bewithched by it. Those feelings lead me to preorder the second episode of this game and got the nice chainsaw katana. You may call me a bit of old school, but I find the story of SW2 is some what incomplete, this mission-centered game style centainly didn't impress me. Although it's pretty awesome to free roam the post-collusion world and kill hordes of monsters in style, the original story line seems incohesive and all of the cutscenes feels a little tawdry. Oh, did i mention my favorite part of the game is the weapons? man i love the designer of all those exotic kill tools! Overall, I recommand this game to all players who like the previous shadow warrior, only this time you can fight endlessly with your friends. By the way, I am a wang as well!"
76561198066694604,Recommended,324800,26137695,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,TurbulentStriker,"As someone who doesnt often play shooters, this game is very fun. It's very fast paced and has a huge variety of weapons that are all unique in significant ways. If you want to keep a specific weapon, all you need to do is improve with better gems as you get further into the game, so you wont need to ditch a gun you like if a better one comes along.It's also a very pretty game, even on low settings. It's seems pretty well optimized."
76561197987840757,Recommended,324800,32036451,Posted: 28 May,all,Kokuyouseki,"So, the Shadow Warrior reboot got a sequel. I didn't pick it up right away, I really don't like paying 100% for a game if possible, so I waited a tad, saw a sale, bought it.For those who want the short version, the game does appear to be rough or shallow here and there but I really wish these guys got the rights for the Duke Nukem title. That could be a game I would want to play.For those that want the detailed, here it comes...StoryWhile the previous installment had a decent story, mystical and chaotic, intrigue, demons, incest even, this one appears to be weaker on that front. While the story is okay-ish, feels somewhat forced and shallow here and there, overall short - the characters are still likable and the whole thing together is enough and let's face it, the '97 ShadowWarrior had a story most people didn't care for. It was about the action, just like Duke Nukem, Doom, etc. But it's still there and it does it's job.VisualsSome people criticized the game for it's supposedly dated graphics but at the same time people praise games on consoles for much worse graphics - I don't get it. The game has decent graphics and they did a very good job using that. The visuals are over the top, mystically twisted and mutated forests, cities pouring neon from a billion holes, with fitting enemies of course.ProgressionThe game is somewhat like some actionRPG, Diablo, Torchlight as in it has a ton of loot. Lot's of weapons, upgrades that can alter said weapons or even the player quite drastically and even coop upgrades that are meant to empower the party if you play with someone.They even added a crafting system later in a patch which gives some new shiny tools to go even further.The game has a lot of difficulties and NG+ features so you can keep playing and getting stronger.Plus point for me is that while upgrades do have levels, there is no ""newer always better"" mentality like in D3.CombatThe game sports a ton of weapons as mentioned above, including melee and ranged options and as expected, many of these are over the top. Then comes chi and the abilities it fuels, a highly mobile player character and you get something truly chaotic. You can just stand there and keep slashing, you can turn invisible and strike like a shinobi, dominate the battlefield with demonic spells, play Rambo with a gun made of a flaming skull... for an fps it sure is varied.And if you get bored, you can go to higher difficulties where you will die, miserably, unless you start truly using your arsenal.RandomizationThe game features procedurally generated maps, that while provides differences for every playthrough, it does mean that you will see some repetition as there is a limit to the themes and the mission objectives are simplistic as well. They do look nice, huge, open, transitions are properly done (I had less problem with holes in the map than in games that Do Not feature random map layouts and call themselves AAA), enemies are fitting etc.A solid title. My full opinion is that the game has some issues, may be shallow or rough at some places but overall provides great fun that lasts for quite a while if you like these types of games.I personally would like to have some cheap dlcs for it as it has the capacity to house any number of items, enemies or map tiles. Randomized mission objectives could be fine too - with a bit more depth than go there, pick this up, open door, kill bad guy only quests.But that's just me dreaming on."
,Recommended,324800,32018466,Posted: 28 May,all,Drambuie,More gunsMore WeaponsMore demonsMore enemiesMore bloodMore jokesAnd More Wang
,Recommended,324800,30445189,Posted: 11 March,all,FLIPSID3,DAMN... JUST DAMN
,Recommended,324800,32018392,Posted: 28 May,all,FarCough,It's like doom but like half the price and full of swearing and♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes. Get it.
,Recommended,324800,32030239,Posted: 28 May,all,Mendhak,"Smooth graphics, great selection of weapons, doesn't take itself seriously.  I found this far better than the first one, the action's faster and the mechanics just work so well.  Interestingly they 'wrote away' the car, which I personally wasn't a fan of.  Really happy with the graphics and its smoothness.One 'protip' I found was to hide the HUD, it really helped appreciated the environments fully.  Although there are a few that you keep revisiting, they're really well done with plenty of area and details.To hide the HUD I set the mapping in the binds.cfg file:bind +f1 ""r_draw_hud 0""You can also map F2 to bringing back the HUD when needed."
,Recommended,324800,28210145,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,TheKingPriest,"Pretty dope and funny game, infinite fun especially multiplayer."
76561197979610555,Recommended,324800,26093886,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Antric,outstanding nuff said
,Recommended,324800,26093795,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Noot Noot,10/Wang
,Recommended,324800,26307086,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,r4serei [FTP],"Confucius say ""Batterfeel 1 has no Wang... wtf?"""
76561198303321002,Recommended,324800,26043463,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,FlakkenTime,This game is amazing. I am seriously loving it.Pros:Solid graphicsInteresting story so farSide quests have been funCommentary is hilariousMusic is AWESOME. I'm going to buy the musicSomething like 10 different kinds of weapons each with lots of variations.Scales very well based on difficulty and number of people.Hard modes punish you just right without being absurd like some games.Cons:few bugs still need to be worked out.once i got stuck behind a box after jumping off a ledge blindly. Landed between the box and the wall and couldn't move.Managed to crash my entire system once.My friends game crashed once.So we've each had 1 crash with about 10 hours in a piece. So not bad at all.
76561198040985145,Recommended,324800,26058143,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,FRIEDENBERG69,Very fun gamehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cj6g-6LH7NI
,Recommended,324800,26058608,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,God,good game
76561198041957166,Recommended,324800,26207733,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,ExonTwo,"Must buy if you like shooters. The story is ok, the dialog depends on your sense of humor, and the loot system isn't very rewarding, but the gameplay is PHENOMENAL. The guns and melee weapons feel good and are fun to use, there are a lot of varied weapons. Plus, the music is good and the game is beautiful. 9/10"
76561198142687233,Recommended,324800,26031239,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Shade -Xtrfy- CSOFFER.ME,"-went to the city-pulled out my katana and killed every moving thing there-make some dirty 12 year old jokes and laughed on my own-had sexual fantasies of the woman in my head-killed more things inculiding hares-made another cringy 12 year old joke-left to go homei got home and played shadow warrior 2 for the first time, it was honestly great but for some reason i felt Déjà vu while playing, cant find out why but it's a great game otherwise!wang/10"
,Recommended,324800,26031324,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Alucard,"It is at least 2x better than the first, hence ""Shadow Warrior 2"". Adds more mechanics, refines old ones such as the swordplay, and has even better visuals than the first game. The Borderlands style is okay, the upgrades aren't always straight upgrades, for better or worse. The multiplayer works a lot better than I thought it would, although there tends to be noticeable lag with more than 3 people. There are some lighting/physics issues, as well as the occasional objects being placed inside each other, but that should be ironed out with small patches. As is, the game is not only playable, but highly enjoyable!I'll add more when I finish the game. These are just my initial thoughts."
,Recommended,324800,26033385,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Flash Gorden,"I got Gears of War 4 and this at the same time.I'm playing Shadow Warrior 2 more than GW4, nuff' said!"
,Recommended,324800,26051164,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,pales aka anom,great game
76561198277344422,Recommended,324800,26054892,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,[ DorkyDarko ],one of the most underrated game of 2016
76561198219986584,Recommended,324800,26079432,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Whinegummi,"Just fun. Nothing deep, complex, or good looking like a tech demo. But pure simple fun. Would shred again. And again. And again."
76561198076396065,Recommended,324800,26024735,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,tonesims,Give me more Wang.
76561198013344550,Recommended,324800,26683129,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,FatXCone,"2 hours in and i can recommend this game highly, funny, fun and exceptionally gory. Better than doom, do yourself a favour - GET IT!"
,Recommended,324800,28525259,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Chainfire,"Doom on steroids. A little bit of borderlands crazy loot and weapon modifications, and a more diverse environments and monsters. Definitely worth a purchase!!!"
,Recommended,324800,26022310,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,The Bear Jew,"FIRST IMPRESSION ONLY: Shadow Warrior 2. In a nutshell, this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome! There is no other words for it, to put it as bluntly as possible, this isn't a title that needs an elegant review or even an impression. Combat is very satisfying, more so with the Katana than with the guns, which have zero recoil it would seem, it is a minor niggle really when you're talking about a game like Shadow Warrior 2. It is ridiculous in the best of ways. I haven't played much at all! Still what I have experienced is refreshing, quite frankly. I like the sense of humor, it is dark and dry; it is also light. I will say that the Katana is where it is at in this game. Yes, there are a ton of guns, but it is the melee that truly shines! Flying Wild Hog nailed the FPS melee combat! Bloody and gory. It is so far fantastic!I plan to do a more in-depth review upon completion of this title.As for performance. I am running it maxed out and I'm maintaining 130-144 fps."
76561198012538227,Recommended,324800,26395314,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Yortnik,Buy it then spend hours swinging your little wang at people. Well worth it.
76561198060518343,Recommended,324800,28239310,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Supa-Troopa,"This game is like pizza which have all your favorite ingredients in in and a few strange ones. If you can look past the surprise toppings, you will like it, if you find them ruining the whole pizza you'll hate it, and if you find them actually adding to flavor as a whole you'll love this game.Combat is great, star of the show, even better than first part, it may very well be the best first person shooter (more like slasher, heh) experience I had throughout my gaming life. Very tight controls, fast, aggressive, easy to finish off enemies and make it look cool at the same time, never bored me at any moment. Outstanding weapons feel, dismemberment system, destructible environment (not everything), tons of explosions, even some minor details like flashy way of reloading the shotgun — it's all adds up to the great result.Soundtrack and humour are both awesome and on-par with first part. Visual eye-candy is somewhat worse, I think, probably due to semi-randomized level generation system. Shadow Warrior from 2013 was entirely hand-made, and wins out in terms of visual style when compared to it successor. Still looks pretty sweet to me (except a few places, that make you blind with bloom turned on). Storyline is a bit worse than in the first part, but still okay (at least it logical from start to finish, which is rare nowadays).Main thing that makes people love it, like it or hate it is randomized loot system. Many aspects of your weapons, skills and character as a whole could be randomized through dropped loot. Sorting out the dropped shinies can very well turn people away from game, because interface is not very well thought-up, and the amount of loot that needs sorting up through is pretty big, and it eats time, this precious time you could be having fun, slicing and shooting stuff up in amazing combat, you know? Of courseaftersorting is done, combat usually becomes even better, as the enemies freeze solid from your sword now, or you wielding two pistols instead of one, or shoot three bullets at a time instead of one, or charge your shots for bigger damage, or made them explode,  or... some another nice upgrade you gave yourself, there's actually quite plenty.The trick, for me was to get some experience through learning with sorting out process. Once I decided what variants of loot do I want, and what goes to junk/sell list immediately I got from awful 10-minutes loot-sorting pauses after every mission to pretty quick 1-min ""automated"" process and the game graduated from ""amazing but flawed"" to ""pure awesome"" category.So, at the end I ate my pizza, and loved it to the last Wang of it ;)"
76561198014760108,Recommended,324800,26111502,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,NesRsT,"Neskutecna rezba !! Oldschool akce riznuta Diablem. 80kova atmosfera cyberpunku a prepalene akce. Crafteni gemu do velkeho mnozsti zbrani jak na blizku ,tak i na dalku. Perfektni hratelnost a optimalizace. 9/10Who wants some Wang !! xD"
,Recommended,324800,26111448,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,MaedaMoa,Shadow Warrior 2 is a ridiculous fun game and a very nice challenge on the highest difficulty.
,Recommended,324800,26092776,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,PhanToMLiRiouS,Can I replace my hand with 3 barels rocket launcher?Oh! I'd love that!!When Duke / Quake / Doom meet together --> Shadow Warrior!
,Recommended,324800,26093272,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Swedish Tickler,love that game to know end.... but after i beat it twice what is there too do
,Recommended,324800,26093017,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,[UMCS]Cubrick,Everyone likes some Wang
,Recommended,324800,30496042,Posted: 13 March,all,GOZEELA_BiS,Genji ult simulator
76561198082618434,Recommended,324800,30545317,Posted: 16 March,all,Ömmel,I´m simply love this game!
76561198042920112,Recommended,324800,30547095,Posted: 16 March,all,whomppers,I enjoyed the game
76561198046584939,Recommended,324800,30543426,Posted: 16 March,all,Barbaros,this game is ♥♥♥♥ing great
76561197988664149,Recommended,324800,30543795,Posted: 16 March,all,mrrogur,Underrated....
,Recommended,324800,26108202,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,delukz,"There are two singleplayer FPS you really need to play this year.One is Doom, the other is Shadow Warrior 2. (and it even has co-op!)"
76561197973699135,Recommended,324800,26068643,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,TOG | Fulgrim,"Shadow Warrior 1 plus Borderlands, without the boring stuff and no clap-trap plus a whole lot of interesting enemies that can block, evade and maneuver, then add some excellent music and even better graphics plus a WHOLE LOTTA WANG!Was a little unsure about pre-purchasing, but it's worth every cent! Get it, get some friends to get it, and find an answer to the age-old question: ""You wanna wash Wang? Or you wanna watch Wang wash Wang?"""
,Recommended,324800,26069284,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,artessonet,"Great game, looks beautiful and runs perfectly smooth. Lots of different enemies and funny dialogs/descriptions make this game fun and addicting.10/10"
76561197990587844,Recommended,324800,26070112,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,von-block,"Just for the HDR implamentation, this game deserve a buy.Fortunatly, it's not just that, it's a fun fast FPS.Best FPS since borderlands 2."
76561198013405061,Recommended,324800,26070454,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Lord Dindu,A most excerrent adventure.
,Recommended,324800,26070663,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Linkdead,"~10 hours to beat main campaign. There is currently no reason to play new game plus. I'd like to see it added... Enemies do not get harder, but you can increase the difficulty. Very enjoyable til the end!"
76561198091046053,Recommended,324800,26072481,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Finnedmercury91,"Absolutley amazing would reccomend playing the 2013 shadow warrior then this if they do a bundle but if it's between the two this is the best one, I would compare this game to Doom 2016 which I enjoyed just as much as this game."
76561198041940717,Recommended,324800,26070323,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Talos,"Trust meYou want the WangCome and recieve the wang into your life.An FPS with a bonkers movement speed.♥♥♥♥ sprinting, you'll be hammerig that shift button like it went out of style to dash.Double jump, slash and slam your way to victory in a loot and shooter that makes you feel like a badass ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ninja."
76561198009698621,Recommended,324800,26071323,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Bosk,I miss the shurikens
76561198046580718,Recommended,324800,26047569,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Jenoh,Amazing game a must get especially with friends
,Recommended,324800,26069685,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Hizir,"More Wang then before!Its just like the first game but ""less linear"". If you want to just blow stuff up and watch the arms and legs you shot, cut and blew off fly aroundthis is 100% the game to get"
76561198232084520,Recommended,324800,26031201,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,croplric,action packed and lots of fun
,Recommended,324800,26033250,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,DogmA,"As others have said, if you thought DOOM was fast...yeah...solid game, Muchos Grande Funday Sundae!"
,Recommended,324800,26152893,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Jokiu,"This game is what a sequel is meant to be; better in every way than its predecessor!While the game reminds me so friking much of Borderlands, and how I wasn't a fan of Borderlands for its confusing gameplay and NEED to play in Multiplayer, Shadow Warrior 2 doesn't have that feeling that you NEED to play in multiplayer in order to really enjoy the game. Lo Wang gives you all the things you need for that.If you played the first Shadow Warrior (2013), then this game is a must have!"
,Recommended,324800,26236284,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,omori WHEN,"good gameplay & interesting world, i enjoyed my time with it. reccommended on sale"
,Recommended,324800,26275689,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Solar Powered,"Quite a lot of fun.  I'm nearly done with Single Player on hard mode and although the enemies get recycled quite a bit, it's very fun to be so maneuverable and powerful. Gun variety is good and weapon mods make customization fun.  Recommended."
,Recommended,324800,26362770,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,I N F I N I T E   S P O O K,Everything.
76561198073088368,Recommended,324800,26365066,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,The Silent One,I just finished this game a few moments ago and here are my thoughts on this gamePros:- Lo Wang's one liners- A lot of the missions are extremely fun to play through- You can use many weapons to either slice & dice or shoot your foesCons:- The Ending- A few times in missions the game freezes for a few minutes and you have to wait for the game to load just to continueI had fun with this game but there is some improvements that Flying Wild Hog could have done to make this game better ..I haven't tried out the multiplayer feature yet but maybe it's even more fun than playing by yourself.
,Recommended,324800,26411463,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Ziurick 凸(︶︹︶)凸,"Blood, gore,and lots of reaping enemies to shreds....It's fun shredding enemies to pieces alone. but shredding them with your friends is even more fun."
,Recommended,324800,26470781,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Cirno Whiterock,"So, take the fast paced, old school FPS action of Shadow Warrior, with it's lush environments and A+ Melee to Gun combat. Then add in Borderlands' loot drop mechanics with the all too requested feature of being able to edit and upgrade your guns as opposed to just hoping for a better drop once they get useless, and you get this masterpeice.If I had any nitpicks it's that Lo Wang has a really bed habit of repeting the same one liners over and over and that the final boss theme, the best theme in the game, isn't in the soundtrack for some stupid reason."
76561198306201925,Recommended,324800,26494763,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,THE JEW SUPREME 40x KAIOKEK,meme
,Recommended,324800,28137979,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Primed Betch,good game
76561198037245510,Recommended,324800,28150664,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,L3xiE,"I played the game only in coop sessions with friends and had a blast. Gameplay is fun and the game looks great, but you shouldnt play the game for the story."
76561198046250863,Recommended,324800,28415959,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Gilational,"The visuals are beautiful, the sound is beautiful, the gore is beautiful, and best of all, the guns are... wel... true beauty. With co-op too.Also, the comedy is... pretty Polish."
76561198089997964,Recommended,324800,29405742,Posted: 21 January,all,deathbyskyrim,"I've lost my job, house, wife, kids, and my parents disowned me, but i still have shadow warrior 2 to keep me warm in the nights.10/10 would buy this game again, for 60 instead of 40. If you want a fun game you've come to the right place. Want a shoot em up, again right place. Swordsman ship you bet yeah. Serious campaign? turn around and go get your self The walking dead or something. Wanna laugh so hard you'll fall out of your chair and make your parents think you've died, No better game in my opion."
,Recommended,324800,29471125,Posted: 24 January,all,Aseliot,"For many this may not be the Shadow Warrior sequel that they wanted but the game does, nothing that downgrades the action packed gameplay of the previous game. It only adds rpg-ish elements to what was already there. I played through the game on hard and while some enemies tooks some more hits to kill they all still die fairly quickly. You are after all mainly fighting monsters and robots, but there is also a small selection of human enemies for which this approach may feel weird. So I think it can get away with enemies feeling a little bullet-spongy, and they have done a good job of implementing different elements into a game that would otherwise just have become a rehash of the first one.Objectively the first game, a more linear story game, was better at almost everything except what is was all about, action. SW2 is very violent, even more so than the first one. Movement is very fluid and battles on higher difficulties are very fast paced. Like the previous game you don't just kill enemies, you literally destroy them. Hack them into little bits or blow them to pieces. But this time there is also gold and weapon upgrade items falling out of them like pinatas. Maybe that's a little weird, but it works quite well and adds some depth to game, something else to do besides dashing through the air all the time. For me they work a little like intermissions between fights. Walk, kill, dash, kill, loot, look at upgrades, repeat.The cons are that the endgame is not that great for an rpg-ish game. And overall it is a little short when you don't play on a higher difficulty (because it obviously takes longer when enemies have more health). So i recommend playing on hard because it's not too hard but still challenging. Also there is not much variation in environments, which the diablo-style level generation is partly to blame for. And despite environments being generated you don't really notice it that much.************************************************************************************************Insanity 2+There is this thing called Insanity and it's like in diablo where you change the difficulty to get more loot from stronger enemies. Only thing is the mode just isn't fun. Because how do you make a game where you have to kill enemies hard? Exactly, by not making the player able to ♥♥♥♥ing kill the enemies. In this mode creatures have invulnerability to certain types of damage but you don't have ♥♥♥♥ing time to look at all the colored text because you are too busy fighting them!!! Also for some of them it doesn't even seem to matter as they are immune to everything anyway because ♥♥♥♥ you that's why.DLC:The DLC is free, which is nice but it's just a grind. You get a few trials, some of which are just plain stupid because a ""the floor is lava"" (literally) thing going on. So now you have to platform while a horde of monsters chases you, and oh yeah you also have to shoot them or they won't go away or leave you alone to give you one second to look around and see where you are! Also don't stand still, they will just lock you in, also don't jump into them because you will fall into the lava. DONT FALL INTO THE LAVA."
,Recommended,324800,26152525,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,KillJOE,Gunplay is almost as good as doom while capturing everything going that was exciting about borderlands.I only wish different weapons would drop instead of the plethora  of gems.  This is a minor detract as there are so many many weapons
,Recommended,324800,26172209,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Fastie,Wangs out for harambe.
,Recommended,324800,26409272,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,PENKO,"me encanto,mundo abiertomontones de armaspodereshermosos graficossistema de combate mejoradobuen soundtrackmejoras para armasmuy baratoalgo largocoop y masvale la pena comprarlo :3"
76561198040070257,Recommended,324800,28471323,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,LFKO,"""Oh, hello, new ammo friends. Are you ready to kill some ♥♥♥♥ faces?"" - 'nuff said."
76561198036566958,Recommended,324800,31942455,Posted: 24 May,all,Meat Catcher,Why can't other shooters be this fun?
,Recommended,324800,26031550,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Vincentius,"I did not play a lot and I refunded it simlpy because It did not appeal too much to me, BUT the game runs at a solid 60 Fps on Ultra and is all in all very enjoyable.The comedy is on point and the Gore is as well.I guess if you are a fan of the series then it is a purchase well made."
,Recommended,324800,26091049,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Zarthus,"About a 7/10, I find myself in agreement with a lot of what Destructoid writes about, minus the bugs -- I didn't encounter any:https://www.destructoid.com/review-shadow-warrior-2-392959.phtml"
,Recommended,324800,26169598,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,GolDenSTanCe,Great graphic and fun to play!
,Recommended,324800,27639494,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Harvey ♚,Very good game with very good story line!Definatly recommend it
,Recommended,324800,27661424,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,电脑玩家波澜哥,we need chinese
,Recommended,324800,26017614,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,💎IMpRoVe💎,i never played shadow warrior series this was my first and i can tell i m impressed with this one gameplay is fast FPS Ninja style it really puts the game into a different spot then other FPS gamesGraphichs looks cool not bad at all playing on full ultra 1080p 60 FPS smooth without FPS drops so game is optimizedGreat modelsbut i noticed that AI sometimes acts wierd gets into some object and sht thats not coolalso after playing 2 hour i found a place where it lets go under the map and shot all kinda of NPC in the map that aint goodbut these things could easly fixed with some patches so this aint a issue i guessoverall game is great and fun to play with especiall if you got some friends to playdont for get to crack up the difficulty to the insane to get best loot in the game thats also another good idea i like about this one hard but rewarding sytle pretty legit.if you like fast phase shooting and sht just get it
,Recommended,324800,28253044,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,47Haven,"Steam review has this word limit (that i never has any problem with), so read the full review here:http://pastebin.com/EVtwbWhiI wish there's a 'maybe' option on the recommend optionI haven't played the first Shadow Warrior, so my opinion is from someone who never played Shadow Warrior, and jumps in on the 2nd installment. Just putting this out here.First of all, graphicsThey sacrificed variety for details and resolution. Personally, i prefer variety above details, so i'll give it a 2/5Second, gameplay!The melee combat is really, really, really good, but the ranged combats feels clunky and less efficient. I'll give it 4/5Third, the story!As far as storytelling goes, i'll give it a 1/5. It really have the potential to rival Borderlands in zaniness, but they just used generic personality for the characters, and it really shows.Lastly, the sound!Nothing memorable really. Although i can't really say, since i don't really pay attention to the music and sound effects when i'm playing it. The only time i pay attention to the sound is when it's really good, or when it's really bad. So it's quite average.3/5Final WordsAgain, i wish there's a 'maybe' option on the recommend option, since on one hand, the gameplay is really good, but on the other hand, the story is a glaring flaw for me. So i guess, if you're the type of guy who usually doesn't care about the story, and only in for the fun, definitely pick this up, because the melee combat system is so satisfying and smooth that you'll spend more and more hours in it just for the combat alone (just like i did). If you're the kind of guy who'd get really turned off by bad story telling, then don't buy this game, because the story is shallow at best.Overall, 3/5, would play again just for the melee combat alone."
76561198063170566,Recommended,324800,26111185,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Hurricane,This game worth it's money. Just buy it.
,Recommended,324800,26111341,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,I have the zucc,"It's the kinda game that won't keep you sustained with unique content forever, but it's just the best when you want some straight up fun"
76561198290514489,Recommended,324800,31600915,Posted: 7 May,all,tastetufsen,"This game. Oh this game.There is nothing more fun than running around, slaughtering demons and laughing at the bad jokes.Sometimes I do roll my eyes and cook a little smile at the jokes, but for the most part, I actually do laugh.The gameplay is great.There are so many inventive ways to make your way through the demons, littirally, and I'm still finding new and funny ways to get loot.And it's all based on how much fun you can have with this.To date, I have 20-ish hours in the game, and I can't give anything but good feedback.You owe it to yourself to play this game :D"
,Recommended,324800,26071842,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,basically god,"Shadow warrior 2 was like rolling a die. A die that is 2 sided.... Also known as the coin....It could have been horribly wrong or horribly good and safely I can say it was horribly good.While it wasn't as popular to an original which is alright because it's like taking some of the old stuff and slapping it right into a  new (In terms to the shadow warrior games.) design that actually works. Also using sword powers are indeed easier to pull off and can be upgraded but isn't as emphasize as it was in the original as the original you could play the entire game with the sword pretty much. While in this game the sword powers and swords are only good based on how you upgrade those powers and swords .Unlike the original games rather than just having all the upgradable powers on standby you have to find them as you go through the games and can be found by playing missions, opening chests, killing boss enemies (Which give you a round of neat goodies which I will cover eventually.),ext.Upgrades are interesting in this game and really it's similar to certain games such as borderlands having fire damages and other stuff.There are several types of weapons based upgrades. Toxic, fire, electric and ice and these several upgrades are elemental obviously which means that they do things like burning or freezing ext.  these upgrades are good but can be bad as some characters can either be immune or have a resistant to that particular stat and when you put on an electric per say you can't have fire and toxic on it as well. However, usually each of the characters that have resists or invulns they have vulnerabilities and can kill them basically instantly if you play your cards right as they take higher damage than normal.Then there are weapon stats like being able to shoot one grenade and it blow up into more grenades or charge up a shot to deal more damage or perhaps shooting two shots in one so it deals twice the damage.And there are many more abilities you should find out yourself. Also multiplayer.TL;DR buy this game it's freaking awesome and on sale!"
,Recommended,324800,26071861,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,ZaWarudo,I WANT A SWORD FROM A FINAL CHAPTER !!!!!!!Anywhere best FPS Multiplayer Game Since Serious Sam
,Recommended,324800,26051901,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Dangerlocker,Wangtastic
76561198097563890,Recommended,324800,26070060,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,áeriaaal,"It's like Borderlands, but with less RPG elements and better combat.In SW2 you find yourself dashing, slashing and gunning through enemies with all kinds of weapons, including swords, rocket launchers and shotguns.The good:- Fast paced and satisfying combat.- Did I already say that the game is fast paced? You can dash pretty much infinitely and your movement speed is really high.- Has tons of different weapons, so there is at least something for everyone.- Has co-op, a working one. You need to complete the prologue before playing with others, co-op supported up to 4 players.- The optimization is on point, alt tabbing in smooth and even when there is tons of enemies, and particles flying around the FPS stays pretty stable.The bad:- Lacking RPG elements e.g. Really basic skill point system.- Weak cutscenes.- Bad face models up close.The game reminds me of Doom and Borderlands with its dumb and kinda funny humour, Doom like combat and shoot n' loot gameplay ,so Doomlands 2 Yakuza Edition.8/10"
,Recommended,324800,26070478,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,JackAimBot,"love all the blood and violence,and sure a fun game to play with friends"
,Recommended,324800,26023097,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,CrazyIvanTR,"Shadow Warrior 1 with more of an RPG and Borderlands feel. The open level design isn't my favorite thing but it's not bad either since levels seem to be hand made with a touch of procedural generation for certain things. The main character is as cheesy as ever and the voice acting hasn't gotten any better but it's still fun. It's definitely become a looter shooter but it hasn't lost the Shadow Warrior feel of it. Definitely gets a recommendation from me, especially considering how many games release half finished (this one has some issues but they seem to be more of an oversight than gamebreaking bugs, like typos or some cards not updating right after leveling them up or seeing the sunlight in certain spots where sunlight shouldn't be etc.) If those minor details bother you then you should wait on this and buy it at a later date, if not, just buy it now."
76561198063118661,Recommended,324800,26996365,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Inferno_Shogun,"I have waited for this game since it was announced. is it like the last Shadow warrior? not really, but does it kick the most♥♥♥♥♥ you bet your Wang loving♥♥♥♥♥it does! It mixes the gory loving combat of Shadow warrior and mixes it with Borderlands style rpg and combat. Shadow Warrior 2 prooves that some sequels could be even better than the original (in this case the Shadow Warrior reboot)"
,Recommended,324800,27458585,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Oneone,It´s Greeeeeeeeeeat! as Tony the Tiger used to say! :D
,Recommended,324800,27758674,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mr Babai,Awesome first person shooter with a loot and light RPG skills system.
76561198007562457,Recommended,324800,26020369,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Jaol,great game
,Recommended,324800,26190515,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,🐨Skankhunt42🐨,I would make a Wang joke.............BUT all Wang jokes have been used.
,Recommended,324800,26426562,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,TheGreatFWT,"Mr. Wang, talking ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. But of course he had his own featured talking sense. Almost LMAO."
76561197970515314,Recommended,324800,26022508,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,loak,"Game is pretty Amazing.  Loved hard reset as well as the Shadow Warrior that came out few years ago, this is a great Sequel so far, only have a couple hours in so far but im having a blast.  Will update my review once ive played through quite a bit more."
,Recommended,324800,26039462,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,King Megascience,How to infiltrate the Yakuza:1) remove yakuza head2) bypass retinal scan with yakuza head3)♥♥♥♥♥♥♥joke
76561198213658839,Recommended,324800,26161216,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,dejosensi,"just a pure and solid gameplay , and that what we need <3"
,Recommended,324800,26160094,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,"GR|M "" 死神 "" Reap3R","It has Wang in it, do you even need to consider ?"
76561197970938693,Recommended,324800,26161399,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,StanRex,"Play as LoWang a kickass assassin with the humor of a child who loves to hack and blow its demonic enemies to pieces.Super-fast paced, super fun (the humor is lame, but that's the point, if you're into this sort of stupid nonsense it will definitely give you more than a few chuckles, particularly when you tell a goddess/demon lady that you have a young woman trapped into your head and she'll congratulate you for having the strength to make your coming out)If you're like me and played Shadow Warrior 2013, and are worried about the ""Borderlands-isation"" of the game because you don't like Borderlands as it's slow as ♥♥♥♥ compared to what a fast FPS should be, don't worry, Shadow Warrior 2 actually doesn't have so much in common with the Borderlands in it's gun and swordplay.It's Doom 2016 ""ridiculous"" brother.Very highly recommended.10/10, would chop demons in half and hear Wang jokes again.Now devs, please give us a big♥♥♥♥♥DLC continuing the story line!"
76561198351214658,Recommended,324800,35252567,Posted: 27 September,all,taylorcedgell,"Shadow Warrior 2 is long, hard, and ribbed for her pleasure. 11 wangs/5"
,Recommended,324800,26024476,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,MISTER † ANTIMONY,"Leave it to Flying Wild Hog to take the Borderlands formula and turn it into something actually better than Borderlands. Fantastic game, fantastic gore. fantastic graphics, and the best gun porn simulator currently on Steam."
,Recommended,324800,27605618,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,prophyz,"Excellent performance, excellent movement, excellent combat.I'd imagine it'll get repetitive since there's a heavy emphasis on collecting loot, but I will enjoy this for a long time."
,Recommended,324800,33267642,Posted: 5 July,all,Мисковски,Still dat Wang. (王叔儿还是那么帅气幽默)
76561198042319214,Recommended,324800,27292502,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,PopTarts,I am power !!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-7K5qbSt3ug
,Recommended,324800,27283616,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Killuminati,♥♥♥♥♥jokes
,Recommended,324800,27288164,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,✪ Bamboozle,Quality content
,Recommended,324800,31289383,Posted: 21 April,all,LazerBeam,"So awesome, I reccomend the is to anyone who is a fan of joy, laughter, and general happiness. I sincerely hope for a Shadow Warrior 3 i will buy it as soon as you can say ""Who wants some Wang?""                            Btw I do, I want more Wang."
,Recommended,324800,31057421,Posted: 10 April,all,Hahahrawrrahaha,"Much like your mom, this game gets 5 out of 5 wangs."
76561198007845892,Not Recommended,324800,26157824,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,vader877,last patch ruined the gameI would say be cautious
76561198027154283,Not Recommended,324800,26158428,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Rocife,"I never thought i would make a bad review for this game but the last update made it so i didnt have as many skills and that was the reason i kept playing over and over, now i dont enjoy gettting rekt. i know it is only one thing but this one thing meant alot to me and make the game not enjoyable for me"
,Not Recommended,324800,26058670,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Mia Ishata,"Was fun the first playthrough, but lost its whole charm to me after that, no proper endgame, Once you finish it once it becomes a cake walk.My Complaints:I can see the Diablo influence and i hoped it would take abit more inspiration of that, there is no proper new game, every new start just scales up from 1.If you stick to main missions the game is about 1~2 hours long.Certain weapon types are useless, (Assault Rifles have extremly low base damage.)The missions maps contain about 3 different tilesets which are randomly organized for each mission, does rather little for the game as they feel the same after a few side quests.The game got a handful of neat weapons, as for my experience Melee is the way to go later in the game.I liked:Alot of silly dialog, i dig.Easy to learn and Master movement options, you are always quick and can jump like a maniac.Dickjokes.Overall i feel like my experience wiht this game was abit shortlived. For 30€+ i hoped for atleast a lasting endgame. Got 37 Archievments without even trying. The Ending was... really bad - No explenation of what happend, it pulled a complete Halo 2 i believe, setting up for a sequel.The Core of the game is good, mixing First Person Shooter with a Diablo style loot/enemy system of sorts however the execution is questionable at the moment to a point where it feels like a Tech Demo, like back when Borderlands 1 was a thing. There is room for improvement so i will wait and see if there will be updates."
76561198005345029,Not Recommended,324800,29148003,Posted: 9 January,all,Groph,"NICE: Variety of weapons, beautiful setting, satisfying melee combat.VICE: Uninspired levels, enemies are bullet sponges with not much mechanical variety, procedural generation doesnt add anything, very repetitive, tons of uninteresting loot that breaks the pacing, gunplay lacks impact.SLICE: Disappointing sequel to a great FPS, tried to innovate but it was to its detriment, action is constantly interrupted by scrolling through inventory and comparing stats."
,Not Recommended,324800,26550298,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Goyo,"Shadow Warrior 1 lacked enemies, powers and combat variety, Shadow Warrior 2 has improved it a LOT.Oh but, leaving behind interesting characters, story, epic bosses, exploration purpose, credible missions, and a few other major lacks on the game.As some have said before me, it is not rewarding enough. It's meaningless to explore, the story is full of♥♥♥♥♥♥ side missions are a complety joke of a plot, characters are badly animated and uninteresting overall, etc... etc...I WOULD ONLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME FOR IT'S COMBAT AND VISUALS, WHICH ARE VERY WELL DONE!"
76561197977267103,Recommended,324800,26044883,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Conspiracy Theory,"Right price?Yep.Runs on my pretty goodGTX780GTX1070 rig at Ultra (the 4Gb VRAM Setting)?Sweet.Great game Design?Definetly.FULLY Re-mappable Controls?FANTASTIC.Fun gameplay?Very entertaining.Any problems?Nope.Probably one of the very best games of the past five+ years.Edit...Pity there (aparantly) are some chimps down-voting reviews like this. What must those apes think they are doing which is benefitting themselves or anyone, Lord only knows. Could be the usual queer stalker trolls instead of chimps, but its not easy to spot the difference."
76561198352306088,Not Recommended,324800,35292353,Posted: 29 September,all,just Evolution,"""So many demons, so little time.""Well Lo Wang nailed it in his sentence.Like always you will have to hack and slash demons into pieces or simply shoot them down.You do expect nothing more than a nice and cool game that´s kind of different from other games where you will hunt demons down within a nice story.I really loved the first Shadow Warrior game. A cool story, nice graphics, funny jokes everywhere and a really cool and sometimes challenging gameplay.But this follower was a dissapointment for me.Shadow Warrior 2 is very focused on multiplayer. You can almost do everything with your friend. You can play the main and also the side storys together. That´s a cool thing if you think about that, you get the same experience and the same weapon drops BUT you won´t have the same story progress if you´re joining a game.That means if you go on with the main story and at the end of a mission it could be that a weapon is unlocked in a shop in the village, you can´t buy them because you aren´t that far with the main story. So you will have to play the main story to that point until you can buy the weapon you wanted.It´s really annoying to not have the same progress and also if you want to play the story with a friend you will have to play it twice. Also you can´t really help your friend with the endboss. It happens to me that I was locked out of the area. I couldn´t really help him.But still it was fun to play. The grapics are really good, you will enjoy to make Screenshots.Also the jokes are almost as funny as they were in the first game. Lo Wangs jokes and also the ones on the fortune cookies, are unique and great. I really love them but in the end they just repeat themself it were to many wich were dropped.Additionally the weapon drops are random and not as much as the cookie drops. But if there was a weapon drop, it doesn´t really made a difference. The weapons doesn´t look the same but have similar stats. Despite that it makes fun to arm your weapons with special gems. There so many and you need time to get used to it. For example there are gems for the elementary damage for your weapon. That means you can create a fire Katana for instance. There are four Elements, fire, ice, electricity and poison. Also the enemys have a vulnerability on some of the elements. For instance a fire demon is vulnerable through ice, so you can use a ice weapon to make more damage to him. That´s really nice and i really liked to have weapons with all of the elements equipped.And also the gameplay is really cool despite that they changed some of the abilitys you have in the first Shadow Warrior. It´s still like hack and slay every demon you can see on the map.The maps are more open in this game not that straigt forward as I´ve known that from the first game. That would have been really nice and cool if they would´ve creating more maps. For the side quests, there are like 4 different maps to play. Sometimes there are addet one more when you go on with the main story. It´s kind of annoying to see the same map again and again.And also the side quests get very boring from time to time. There are 2 or 3 with a real story and the others are mostly like kill 5 of these demons to get these items from them and bring them to me or kill 40 special demons wich are spread everywhere on the map.If you like nonsense running around the map and killing just for fun any demons in the same map with mostly the same kind of demons on it then it´s your kind of side quests if not then i would suggest to not make every side quest, to make just some wich have good rewards like a new weapon. If you still want to make all then it could get very boring in the end.Also what I will have to see critical about the game is that the main story compared to all of the side quests is really short, it´s too short. You could rush the main story in about probably 4-5 hours but the side quests make that into a play time from about 30+ play time.Another point is that you have skill points and you can spend them like you want to. It can fit perfectly to your own play style. And also you have some items or more gems for your character to make him better. To make him fit to your play style.To put it into a nutshell it coul´ve been a better game the story is to short but ok, the side quests are really boring in the end, you just want to finish them as fast as it works. Then the gameplay is cool. the graphics are good and the most weapons make no progress in killing ´cause they almost have the same stats.Despite all the first few hours are really fun to play and I really loved them but it gets annoying and boring after a while ´cause it´s always the same. I know that I repeat myself there but i had to highlight it.I really loved to play the first game, it was great but if I compare the second game with the first one the second is really a dissapointment. I really would´ve loved to give this game a neutral or a good review but there are too many things that are not good or even bad and I want to add that this is a review about my own experience in Shadow Warrior 2."
,Recommended,324800,26014675,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Fluman,Wangtastic GOTY!10/10
,Not Recommended,324800,26104178,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,MetzMan,"I'm sorry, but I was disappointed in Shadow Warrior 2.I loved the first one. Since I'm a 80's kid I grew up playing the 90's Build Engine Shadow Warrior and the reboot by Flying Wild Hog was a great return to the 90's style shooter with humor, cool weapons and challenging fights set in awesome designed levels. It had a story that had a layer of cool lore you woulden't expect with a surprisingly good and touching ending to what started as a tong in cheek wang-a-thon with over the top violence and silly jokes. It's one of those games I just wanted to keep playing, the combat was satisfying, the level design was great and there was some impressive scenery with great atmosphere in that game.The first night I started playing Shadow Warrior 2 with a friend I already felt some boredom sinking in. I tried it for a few more hours the next day, but it didn't really change. The levels have no real direction to them, they are just a simple maze with randomly placed mobs and a objective. Some levels like the City ones just feel utterly empty, with no real purpose other than being a backdrop for enemies to spawn in. And the loot system is just boring, real boring. Checking your drops after a fight or mission is like doing dishes, get the dirt out and place the clean ones in their rightfull place. At least in Borderlands you get lot's of random looking weapons and it's always obvious to see what might be a better choice. Shadow Warrior 2 is like checking a big sack of marbles for scratches and clarity, they all look kind of the same with minor differences. The good stuff is just too sparse. I just issued a refund myself afte seeying Total Biscuit's video, he actually confirmed some things I was afraid of getting to after more hours. There was no cool battles in my session, just mindless bullet sprays at enemies that don't want to die, even if they are the size of a dog.I can't tell if the story will get any better later on since I stopped playing, but the start of Shadow Warrior 1 was imho way more engaging from the first cutscenes and setup of the story after that opening mission. I was hoping there would be a cooler hook to the story instead of having  to do fetch quests for other characters. It kinda feels like a sequel with a different director, it doesn't feel like right.Also... the fortune cookies in Shadow Warrior 1 were way funnier imho.So I don't pre-order games often , but I was someone who actually did pre-ordered THIS game. A lot of previews (of people I usually agree with) were really promising AND the reviews are really praising this game AND the developer has a really good track record, but I can't find the will to keep playing. Nothing has really hooked me into this game. It might be a personal thing because I've seen many people tell me they love this game, but not for me. The new DOOM is still the best shooter of 2016 for me personally because it did everything right and made every fight viceral and rewarding."
76561198041756601,Not Recommended,324800,31919058,Posted: 23 May,all,JiiPee,"Shortly:Sequel for the previous Shadow Warrior game from the year 2013. While the perviou SW game had linear story to follow, this time in SW2 the game is more open-world..ish. It's not really open-world game, but there are a lot of side missions that you can do along with the main one.From todays standards, the game doesn't look all that good, but it's decent. Though I have to say that the game was a bit too colorful for mey sensitive eyes. My eyes literally started to hurt if I played it more than 20 minutes at a time.As for the sound world, it wasn't bad but not that good either.As for the gameplay itself, unlike in the SW1 where you had no character progression or inventory system, this game has both of them. You can find new weapons from the world or aquire them from the side missions. You can also find relics, if I remember their name corrently, from the fallen enemies, which you can then use and attach them to your gear to boost certain skills or abilities, all depending on your playstyle.As I mentioned earlier, the game has side missions. These missions provide you with money, skill points, skills and/or weapons. You can use money to buy stuff from the shop keepers in the game.  Skill points are used to upgrade your skills (duh), each giving you more health, more damage, more skill damage etc. etc.As for the story, I can't tell much about it at all as I refunded the game after 2.5 hours of playing. The reason for that is that I was kinda shocked how different the game actually was from its predecessors. The more I played, the more I realised how different it is, I just couldn't bring myself to play any longer than I did.  =(Overall, I wasn't as impressed with the game as I was with its predecessor back from the year 2013. My biggest issue with the game was probably the fact that it wasn't as linear as the previous game was, but instead it was more open-worldish. After each mission you would return to your home base, where you could then pick new missions and teleport to next area and kill some more demons. I wasn't impressed.  =(Pros:+ Enemy variety+ Lo Wang's comments from time to time+ Combat is fun, but overused sometimesCons:- Feels like b-graded game- Too open-world-ish,  I would have preferred the game to be more linear like its predecessor was- A bit too colorfulDo I recommend:I wish there was middle ground in the Steam's Thumps up or down recommendation, as its really hard to say sometimes. I didn't like this game all that much, but you might think otherwise. But for now, I'm gonna go with thumbs down. Don't buy it if you're expecting the game to be like the SW1 (2013) was.Verdict: 5 / 10 - Average shooter game with mild RPG elements in it"
,Not Recommended,324800,32765652,Posted: 25 June,all,PimpMyWiki,"I can't recommend this. I wish they'd gone the other way (away from the niggly wiggly RPGish borderlandsy weapon system), leaned away from RNG, more towards that bleeding edge skillfull play of ""can die at any time if I mess up, can kill anything pretty quick if well handled... as it stands I can only hope Shadow Warrior 3 is less mishandled."
76561198003317494,Not Recommended,324800,26111985,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,El Kukuruzo,"It's a beautiful game with fast movement, but with very booring loot and levels, with undying bullet spunges instead of enemies. And the fact that there is almost no cutscenes that just link levels together with a story does not help either."
,Not Recommended,324800,26579064,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Kaleem,"This marks my first review on Steam, however, I have been using steam for a while. Just don't review a lot. Now I don't have any problems with the game itself. It runs smooth. It looks gorgeous. But I just don't feel invested enough to play it. I launch the game, I start playing it and after 5 minutes, I am bored enought to exit. It just does not have enough to offer in relative to what Doom has brought to the table. The game cannot decide, whether it wants to be an RPG or just a shooter."
,Not Recommended,324800,28344117,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,chemo,"What were they thinking with the direction they took this game in?I thought Shadow Warrior 2013 had a good template, but I still thought it needed serious improvements (like gunplay and level design). However, while guns are viable now and feel pretty good, pretty much every other problem remains or is made worse. For example, while the levels are more open, the randomly-generated nature of them makes them feel ""aimless"" and I've seen plenty of areas that seem to exist for no real reason. Also, it wasn't long until I've seen tiles start to repeat. For loot, in comparison to something like Borderlands, it's ♥♥♥♥ing lame. The only interesting things they could do is add an elemental effect to your weapon, or add on a firing mode, the rest is just marginal state bonuses that you barely notice (or don't at all).Another thing, remember when I said that guns are now viable? Well I say that because they now have good sound and animation assests and they are about as effective as melee weapons. What I didn't mention is that, especially with the higher-tier enemies, is that damage-sponges are still rampant. Like honestly, it's probably comparable, or even worse so, to enemies in BL2 on True Vault Hunter Mode, and I just played this on normal difficulty, I can't imagine what it's like on the higher settings. Like, I remember confronting a mini-boss who looked just like any other human being, and he took a hundred ♥♥♥♥ing rounds. This would already be a massive deal-breaker for me if it was relentlessly difficult like Borderlands is on UVHM, which it isn't, not at all.If you want to play a fun single-player shooting game, get the recent DOOM and/or Wolfenstein games.If you want to play one that's based on loot in particular, get Borderlands 2.If you want fun first-person sword combat, just get the previous Shadow Warrior game.I wish they could've just made SW'13 but better, but they didn't, and they made gameplay changes that ultimately doesn't benefit it, makes it feel generic, and doesn't make it feel like a Shadow Warrior game."
,Recommended,324800,26018676,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,If U Seek Amy,norm pokaedit:nu tak
76561197961088909,Not Recommended,324800,29103757,Posted: 7 January,all,Intrepid,Boring and repetitive.
,Not Recommended,324800,26109258,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,NinjaSnarl,"Kills me to say it, but I really cannot recommend this game.  I played the crap out of the first one, to the point of almost beating it on the absurd highest difficulty (I just refused to spend three hours fighting a single boss in one very tedious and badly-designed fight), but this is NOT the sequel to that game.The humor from Wang is still there.  He still has a mouth and an attitude, and has tons of great comments as you go through the game.  That's where the similarities stop.Here's a basic rundown of the major issues:-the story here is only very loosely related to that of the first game, and all of the neat-looking storyboard-type cutscenes are completely missing-the story itself is pretty minimal and uninteresting-truckloads upon truckloads of crappy loot, so you spend way too much time sifting through garbage to find a stack of upgrades for your various weapons-elemental enemy types and weapon types, which meshes terribly with the combat because big enemies can have resistances you don't know about until you stop and read their description IN THE MIDDLE OF COMBAT-a lot more melee weapons, but the movesets are extremely limited-WAY TOO MANY LOOT ITEMS.  Seriously.-the visuals are TREMENDOUSLY busy; it is incredibly easy to completely lose targets in the middle of masses of particle effects, blood splashes, explosions, and garishly bright scenery-very sloppy and unsatisfying combat-bad level design; you're supposed to be maneuvering all over the place, but will CONSTANTLY be getting snagged on sceneryIn all honesty, if the devs had replaced Wang with a different character, this have a tough time even being recognizable as something that's supposed to be a followup to the prior game.  Yeah, it's got a coop mode, but that's not much of a feature when nearly everything from the previous title was thrown out and replaced with some unpolished and terrible ideas."
,Not Recommended,324800,26154216,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Sinjorflinchy,"Fans of the original will be sadly disappointed from the almost complete change in genre, but newcomers to the series may still have some fun in the game."
,Recommended,324800,26037229,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,ERock022,"I swear they must have made this game just for me.  Everything I love in a game can be found here!  I am a huge DOOM fan, Diablo fan, Borderlands fan, and Shadow Warrior fan.  They have combined all the elements that I love about each title into this game.  I have not finished the game yet but at this point I can already tell that I am going to be playing this game for a long time.  This game is actually faster paced than Doom in my opinion, which is awesome!  The sword play and gun play in this title is perfect.  I could really care less about the story but I will mention that it has some very funny moments.  There are two things that I should critique though.  First, the load times can be fairly long at times, especially considering that I have this installed on an SSD.  Second, the character models during dialouge scenes look terrible.  It is surprising that the graphics are so bad during cutscenes considering the graphics during normal gameplay looks amazing.  Either way, the good things about this game far outweigh the negatives as the negatives do not effect the fun factor at all.  Buy this game if you like fps games!"
,Not Recommended,324800,26110190,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,TheSmalHobbit,"Don't let this negative review confuse you. Shadow Warrior 2 a blast to play, most the weapons are diverse enough to warrant all the variants, and the game is gorgeous. Buuuuut, the actual gameplay just made me think, Man, I could be playing the 1st one instead. Enemy AI took a hit, the danger of a lot of the enemies from the first game were swiped away, sometimes simply due to some of them have have the damage effects taken out. The game is easy. Did a playthrough on Hard, and it never felt hard. Sure, I died. But just because I died it didn't feel difficult. Respawning without losing progress probably didn't help at all with that.Story-line also sucked. Hoji was one of my favourite side-kicks in video games in a long time. Kimiko, not so much. Plus the game's story didn't really have a cohesive story. You had the main overarching story, then a lot of mini blah blah stories that had zero point to them other than, ""THIS IS RELEVANT TO THE QUEST ABOUT TO BE GIVEN"".The game is just, a shadow of the first game. The first game was a hark back to the 90's run and shooters. This is just a little too modernized for all the wrong reasons. Has all the right reasons as well, but SW1 had that too."
76561198116366723,Recommended,324800,29108278,Posted: 7 January,all,Stuart Pot (2D),"If you enjoyed the first Shadow Warrior (2013), then you'll enjoy this too...just not as much. While the gameplay is super addictive and fun, it does not feel exactly like a sequal. The humor is still there, they improved the gore SO much and it makes you feel like a ""total badass ninja"" and much more, and as much as I love open world games, I feel like the open enviroment took away from this game, sadly. Also, it taught me many 'lessons', like NEVER. EVER. TRY. TO KILL. BUNNIES.It is a very very good game and I highly recommend itAlso, I still miss Hoji from the first one....please make a DLC where it includes him!"
,Recommended,324800,26050282,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,TeamAvio,"This game is so fun and this is the first Shadow Warrior game i have played, it is awsome."
,Recommended,324800,26027699,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,statingbloom99,hey i need help when i try to play it but it won't let me
,Not Recommended,324800,28985090,Posted: 3 January,all,Dr. Weird,"An unfortunate borderlands clone, the first one was very good. This however is hardly worth a playthrough, the story felt lacking and contrived, the characters were all shallow except for wang. but he was reduced to half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥one liners a la pirates of the carribean style. You liked the first one? Here's another one but without any of the stuff you liked making a serious appearance.Also the late additon of the skill balancing and removing truncated many hours of my gameplay and successfully stopped me from ever wanting to replay it."
76561198397174668,Recommended,324800,34432374,Posted: 23 August,all,Deluxo19,"Great game, funny guy you play as you'll like him maybe even laugh as he doesn't make super corny jokes like other games will do. the gameplay is where the games amzingf you feel like a ninja and the graphics are amazing it will show you the power of your rig."
,Recommended,324800,28258421,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Assa5sin_1572,Dude this♥♥♥♥♥♥is good as anal ♥♥♥♥😭😭😭
76561198058329110,Recommended,324800,29609950,Posted: 31 January,all,Oldwargoat,The one liners are funny. The♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes are funny!!!The weapons from melee to range are awesome and cool to use.the fortune cookies are funny.The main Protagonist is funny with one liners that are soo bad they are funny.
,Recommended,324800,26029297,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,FritzzO,GGWP
76561198087509153,Recommended,324800,32921099,Posted: 28 June,all,liuyuheng80113,goodo
,Recommended,324800,26057697,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Steve Harvey,It's good...... NOT story wise tho
76561198071229906,Recommended,324800,26048713,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,roylike,Just buy it
76561198160557316,Recommended,324800,26177303,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,wait its fucking tuesday,Yes.
,Recommended,324800,30134526,Posted: 23 February,all,haten,"Firstly. This game was cheap from launch. How can you go wrong with a $40 launch price? Although there is little I can add that hasn't been mentioned in other reviews. I can say my experience has been splended. I felt that I wasn't playing a game made by a huge team of devolpers. I felt that the game was made with care. As far as gameplay, It strikes a more arcade style, jump really high, blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up approach, yet still remains entertaining. Loveable art style, on top of loveable characters leaving you yearning for more cut scenes and information about the story."
,Not Recommended,324800,26450717,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Dagless,"I've seen a lot of reviews describing this as Shadow Warrior + Borderlands, but this game has much more in common with something like Diablo than Borderlands. Shadow Warrior 2 is what you get when you take Shadow Warrior and forcibly integrate Diablo style socketable gems and randomly generated levels. It might sound great at first, but the implementation is sloppy and uninspiring.The Good:-Melee combat is probably the highpoint of the game. You can get surprisingly tactical with it when combined with the various skill moves and fast paced movement system, and theres a good variety of weapons to use.-Decently optimized for the most part. Graphics are decent, but not nearly as good as shown in the screenshots on the store page.-Some of the banter between characters was amusing. Some of is also cringeworthy. Thats all subjective though.-Nice variety of enemies.The Bad:-Guns range from being somewhat satisfying, to what the ♥♥♥♥ is this goddamn piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥-Upgrading weapons is a huge pain in the♥♥♥♥♥thanks to a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ menu system. You're going to be picking up A LOT of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥in gems throughout the game, but to know what any of them do, you have to hover over each one with the cursor. They are categorized in tabs which helps somewhat, but all the accuracy/reload/damage/genericstats are in the same tab, and they are mostly what you pick up. Theres no way to filter them, and you can only sort them by rarity and level. You have to go through 3 slots for any of the 8+ weapons you'll eventually be using, look through a bunch of gems to see which one might be an upgrade, maybe stumble upon one that makes you consider replacing another gem, nope actually having 2% more fire rate is slightly better. Its just tiring. If you're super into min/maxing you might enjoy it, but even then you'll still have to navigate this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥menu system that feels like it was made by some amature developer making his first Unity engine game.-Most the gems themselves are incredibly boring stat boosts or elemental effects. A lot of the more fun ones are restricted to certain weapon types. It was a major buzzkill for me when I couldn't apply flaking ammo to my minigun for maximum daka.-Randomly generated levels that get old quickly, and lack any real variety or character. There are essentially 3 tilesets and you'll find most, if not all the pieces to them in any one mission area. Enemies spawn randomly in the level with no rhyme or reason, other than scripted mission encounters.There are some other minor things, but those are the main ones that really killed the game for me."
76561198339685976,Recommended,324800,31830776,Posted: 18 May,all,oli_love_planche,"AMAZING""!"
,Not Recommended,324800,26045594,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Sixx (ต่อครับ),lo wang and 3 friend VS bug and glitch and Fuc king co-opFPSdrop OH YEA!!7/10u can wait for fix
,Recommended,324800,26029964,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,bog except spooky,"its pretty good, has some bad pacing issues at the start tho"
,Recommended,324800,26053161,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Brandon,Like Borderlands 2 but not boring. very guud
76561198042779502,Recommended,324800,26054656,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,mushi,"game is fun but some areas have massive fps drops. it was a slind show 4 hours in,3/5"
76561197974105151,Recommended,324800,26026385,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Max,Better than all AAA titles from this year (2016) so far. It doesn't have any optimization issue. Combat control feels better than the first game.
,Recommended,324800,26155095,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Panda ChuChu,"This game is absolutely game breaking. the game play is awesome the mechanics the looting is just basic and simpleand crafting are just simple by putting different gems on weapons so many weapon you can use, you have so much todo in this game i love the story. i love how the Skill and my Blade works i really like this game but. ALL IN ALL i rate this game 9/10why 9/10? buy it and YOU WILL WHY :))"
,Recommended,324800,26172058,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,ztan51,You need someWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANG!
76561198016836737,Recommended,324800,26229948,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,svetoslav,"I liked the first part, but Shadow Warrior 2 I like much more. It's really an awesome FPS game, totally worth the money!!!"
76561198051427106,Recommended,324800,28303529,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Vit Kanin,The Wang has never been bigger.10/10
,Recommended,324800,28573218,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Верный™,This series mean a lot to me.Maybe I should pre-order this.
76561198136732936,Recommended,324800,26018299,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Flamboyance,nice fps game
,Recommended,324800,26192937,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Bear Fucking Grylls,Honest reviewPros♥♥♥♥ing amazingconsnoneIGN-11/10 easy
76561198258938736,Recommended,324800,28464107,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Salt Dispenser,"the game is overall good but I tell you this ""solid"" 60 fpsspecs:GTX 960 4gb ASUS STRIX oc editioncore I7-670016 GB of ddr4 RAM"
,Not Recommended,324800,27626133,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Madinkan,"Good game, but bug deleted all my save files."
76561197991206366,Recommended,324800,29949130,Posted: 15 February,all,Xxamiss,"More Wang, more bang, more overthetopness.Edit: They changed the way difficultity system works and now you can easilly beat the game on higher difficulties without additional players."
,Recommended,324800,26103522,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,vapex,Really fun
76561197998387606,Recommended,324800,26215239,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,nogglebeak,Fun as hell.
,Recommended,324800,26220001,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Zeeman,This is one of them purchases I'm proud of.
76561198078364057,Recommended,324800,26159326,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Rocky™,''The way of the Wang is long. And hard. Ripped for her pleasure.'' -Lo Wang 2016
,Recommended,324800,26163174,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Poob!,"Wow. It runs at a non-stop 60 fps at ultra on my gtx 970, i5 3470, 10 gigs ram. The movement is amazing. The graphics a beautiful. The combat is frantic and visceral. I laugh out loud during the cutscenes, which are crude, but if you understand the games background, are totally fitting.Weapons are varied and unique, they feel different from one another. Upgrades come fast and furious, but are easily sorted/equipped. I find the weapons a breeze to manage. You can have 8 weapons equipped at once which keeps the variety of weapons in high. I don't feel as though I have one gun and the others are pointless.Music fits, I'm not a big music fan but I don't feel any of the music is out of place, definitely goes along with whats happening.Environments (for the story missions specifically) are gorgeous. I'm always pleasantly surprised when I dodge and climb up into some wierd spot to find that detail is hiding there too, often times with secrets with throwbacks to the originals and also referencing other games.Did I tell you the movement is perfect? If you want to walk along or run that's fine, but the dash, jumping , and climbing aspects are well implemented, with miniml catching on objects around the map.People say enemies are too spongy? That's if you're playing on the harder difficulties, it's kind of the point. Playing on normal you will find some enemies spongey, but many small enemies dying in a predictably short (and glorious) fashion.I have yet to have any technical issues. No crashes. Nothing.I can't wait to play more, I'm only stopping long enough to write this then I'm going back for more.Flying Wild Hog, well done, now crank out some DLC, cause god damn, I'm gonna need more of this.Update : First playthrough finished. Zero crashes. Only the most minor bugs encountered. They fixed most of them before I completed my first playthrough though (flickering textures).I'm still having an absolute blast with this game. Now the fun is in getting all those left over achievements and finding all  the secrets I missed, as well as unique enemies and weapons.The achivements list does a good job of showing you which unique enemies you've missed so it's not a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to find them.Note : If you go heavy on the chi-blast builds, you may want to turn down your particles a wee bit, as that seems to be the only situation that I've run into any framerate loss. Also, I'm only now starting multiplayer, I'll update again after I've hosted/joined some games."
,Recommended,324800,29389314,Posted: 20 January,all,Frogburt,👌👌👌
76561198153576947,Recommended,324800,26817739,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AntMan,Lots of skills to improve and lots of drops to improve your weapons.
76561198056198317,Recommended,324800,28636323,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,djjazzysmurf,AWSOME
76561198058294948,Recommended,324800,26041461,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Spookstuv,10/10 would give them the WANG again
,Recommended,324800,29114270,Posted: 8 January,all,Dogfish,"Shot a rabbit and received an upgrade to turn my chainsaw damage into electrical and then electrocuted a 5m monster while making♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes. Would recommend for fans of Borderlands, Serious Sam, Doom and My Little Pony. 5/7"
,Recommended,324800,28935304,Posted: 2 January,all,Nelfie,"If this game was a carrot, it would be a nice carrot."
,Recommended,324800,29052148,Posted: 5 January,all,8one6,"Sometimes you just want to feel like a ninja badass. To fly into a situation with armed with your sword, your chi, and an unlimited supply of♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes, raining♥♥♥♥♥kickings on demons, yakuza, and cyborgs, cracking a joke while you walk away with their shiniest toys.This is that game.A linear story with some side quests that you should be able to finish the first time on normal difficulty in about 15 hours or so. If you liked the first Shadow Warrior, first person hack and slash, demon powered heavy machine guns, or fun and humorous games I'd recommend this one."
76561197966632480,Recommended,324800,28932489,Posted: 2 January,all,That Vaporeon from Silent Hill,"Everything you could have wanted from a sequel plus a borderlandsesque loot system. And said loot system is easily the weakest part of the game. Sure it gives you a lot to do, but It really does feel like it gets in the way of just playing the game. Still everything great from Shadow Warrior is here, the rock solid gameplay, the beautiful levels, the crazy weapons, and of course, the man, Lo Wang himself and his infinite arsenal of one-liners.tl;dr: If you like min maxing loot drops and skill points, you will love everything about this game. If not, you will at least like everything else about it. It's worth picking up for Lo Wang's dialogue alone imo."
76561198069224857,Recommended,324800,29126219,Posted: 8 January,all,organicpeach,its like a more refined borderlands with far more variety
76561198282549328,Recommended,324800,28923170,Posted: 1 January,all,On3Gun,AWWW YEA!!!!!!!
,Recommended,324800,29117412,Posted: 8 January,all,ColossalClock,You cannot have more fun than this
76561198140205903,Recommended,324800,28934789,Posted: 2 January,all,SheN,A good game for fun and the bloody scene makes me excited. Of cource better to play with your friend (I think)
,Recommended,324800,29126727,Posted: 8 January,all,Grizzly,Good game. Lots of d!ck jokes.♥♥♥♥♥♥tier balancing. Really sh!ttty ending. REALLY ♥♥♥♥in' nice movement (except when the physics♥♥♥♥♥♥themselves and shoot you way way away)Basically Borderlands except with more swords. And you play as Asian Duke Nukem.
,Recommended,324800,26053115,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Cartof,Best fps of 2016 and perhaps of last four years. Nothing else left to say.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MKvEeY5FO-Y
,Recommended,324800,26072874,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,SHΛD0W•HUNTΞR,awesome.
76561198110581728,Recommended,324800,26058818,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Senpai,You can always refund your 37 euro ....
,Recommended,324800,26021584,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,The Rekt One,"The only con is that Hoji isn't here, he MADE SW1 for me.Other than that, the game is gucci.10 wangs out of 10 wangs."
76561198295838756,Recommended,324800,28369136,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Bane Ghass,"Has a chainsaw with unlimited fuel, 10/10 would play this instead of Doom again.P.S.Wangs out for Harambe!"
76561198087893634,Recommended,324800,26028637,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Honda,This fps is a fine piece of art. Pick it up.
76561198151598425,Recommended,324800,26024351,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,PcAddict,Nice!
,Recommended,324800,29268384,Posted: 15 January,all,Dingle Dongle,<33333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333
,Recommended,324800,33385507,Posted: 8 July,all,I'm Diggity Dan,♥♥♥♥♥joke warriors 2: Way of the Wang
,Not Recommended,324800,26082294,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Unforseen Liquid Emission,"Update ; THANKS FOR DELETING MY SKILL POINTS AND WRECKING MY BUILD YOU ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥DEVELOPERS.***The jokes suck,  the gameplay doesn't.This sequel takes things more in the direction of Borderlands, with loot drops, cooperative play and stat fiddling.   There are a ridiculous number of really creative weapons to collect and upgrade in some pretty unique ways ( triple shot lighting rocket launcher anyone?)All that said,  It has a few shortcomings :  The writing is a noticeable step down from the previous Shadow Warrior,  Wang has never sounded more tired and lame than he does here.  You don't have to try to turn *every* response into a joke, dude.  Also the graphics are kind of a step down , in particular the character models look pretty chunky and animate like something I'd expect to see in a game from 10 years ago.  I should also mention that it uses a P2P multiplayer framework and the net code is some of the worst I've ever seen, which results in every kind of abomination you could expect (teleporting enemies, getting killed through walls, random disconnects, stuttering,  and absurd frame drops).Happily none of these issues appear in the single player campaign, and so as long as you're not trying to play with a friend on the other side of the world, you'll probably be fine....  Overall it's a super fun experience and I'd recommend it to anyone who liked the combat mechanics of the first shadow warrior but has a hard on for Borderlands style drop systems.  This game manages to combine both into something pretty special."
,Recommended,324800,33154867,Posted: 2 July,all,Magnus Sig,Ending Boss 10/10game 6.5/10........................................................WARRIOR READY TO FIGHT !!!
76561197996026362,Recommended,324800,26281691,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,hegel5000,"Kinda the same as the first game, but the levels are bigger (actually, absolutely massive by FPS standards, but it's hard to tell with how fast you move in this game) and actually pretty open.  Instead of being trapped in an arena, you have to have the self control not to ninja-dash your way into another group of enemies, pulling both of them.  The upgrade system is nice, especially with having elemental weapons and enemies, so as you run away from a crowd you've pulled, you have to pick apart which monsters you want to hit with which guns.I'll definitely say that both Shadow Warrior games have by far the best melee combat you'll ever see in an FPS.  So if you're particularly drawn by the swordfighting in Elder Scrolls games, maybe just play this instead."
,Recommended,324800,26283629,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,fancy portion,"OK, stop for a moment.  Let this sentence roll around in your mouth a minute, see how it tastes.""They Borderlands-ified Shadow Warrior!""What you should do next depends on how you reacted to that sentence.If you said ""They did WHAT to Shadow Warrior?!"" and you:Had a surprised grin on your face: Buy Shadow Warrior 2 immediately.Had a horrified feeling and you look like you just saw a ghost: You will hate this.  Don't get it.If you said ""They did... wait, WHAT is Shadow Warrior?!""Play the original Flying Wild Hog Shadow Warrior from 2013.Then repeat this test.I suppose I should tell you that I know there was an earlier Shadow Warrior, that came out in the late 1990s, using a more advanced variant of the Build engine that powered Duke Nukem 3D.  But, since I didn't mention it in my review, you think I don't know it."
,Recommended,324800,26287746,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Melon | 進撃の巨人,"It's my favoutite Singleplayer/Co-op Game. It has more variation than Shadow Warrior (2013). It looks amazing. More Weapons. Funny in a very dumb way. I think it's even better than the classic Shadow Warrior.I don't know what to say, but this game does 95% perfect and the other 5% very good. This is how every game should be.Love this game <3"
,Recommended,324800,28588104,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Zymphonica,ฟันให้ยับ เก็บให่เรียบ ในราคาที่สบายๆ
,Recommended,324800,27683419,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Captain Insano,top bants
76561198000062853,Recommended,324800,26016184,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,badgamer54,It's ok.  I liked the first one better! The first one had a good story and more challenging and fun.  My daughter even had to tell me to turn it down lol.  But I found a foutune cookie they are still there! Make sure you smash those barreles to get more loot also.
,Recommended,324800,29141546,Posted: 9 January,all,Kakanmeister,Combat 10/10Grafics 9.5/10Dialoge 10/10Badass Character 10/10Free roam 9.5/10Enemy types 10/10Soundtrack 10/10Multiplayer 10/10Storyline 10/10Weapons 10/10Skilltrees 9/10Overall rating 9.8/10
,Recommended,324800,29158325,Posted: 10 January,all,Eyepatch0129,"This review is coming from a fan of the previous game Shadow warriors (2013).This game has indeed improved substantially in many common areas like graphics the fluidity of the controls and skills, the animations and everything....But one thing i feel that lacks in this game is the wangness. Sure he still makes me laugh with his guts and sense of humour but he isnt badass anymore.The game itself though is worth the money.10/10"" if you havent played the previous game play it for the main character, best protoganist ever made."
,Recommended,324800,28391376,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,나연♔「Snowfall」✪,"AWESOMMEE!!! 10/10/10/10JUST PLAY IT AHAHA, VErry nicee"
,Recommended,324800,27170409,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Exalted│Hawkie,10/10 amazing
,Recommended,324800,26180726,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,PineSolPower,i loveSlice and dice
,Recommended,324800,27695638,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Rhawne,"Just...total f--king fun, do yourself a favour and buy this immediately. Has pretty good co-op, a lot of story items to collect, a sh!t tonne of fun weapons, destructible environments, awesomely fun swords, and plenty of replay value. The wanky gem system is probably the only real let-down. Play it on hard difficulty, the normal is too easy."
,Recommended,324800,26030243,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,abbos_stink,get this game
,Recommended,324800,26051289,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Spy Kids Fanboy,its like mario kart but ur a ninja
76561198019050576,Recommended,324800,26030333,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Casshern,All round amazing.
,Recommended,324800,26037271,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,✪ LeonardoDaVinci,Buy it now xD
,Recommended,324800,26023760,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Kidda,"Plenty of graphical settings and game works pretty good on my 4690K and GTX980 on 2560x1440. Turn down a couple of settings to get a 80+ FPS and it looks and runs very nicely.The melee felt really solid but definitely not up to par with say Killing Floor 2 which I consider to have the best melee action in a FPS game. Gunplay is somewhat weak; the guns feel kinda wimpy but it works I guess.Game is super cheesy and futuristic but you know, in a silly sorta way which is kinda nice compare to all the serious military shooty game thats like all serious business but somehow still has health regen which somehow this game which is not so serious, does not.The price is very good for a game that looks and runs this good so props to the dev for pricing this game approriately. If your looking for a budget Doom then definitely get this game and when Doom finally gets a good discount get that too."
76561198319053883,Recommended,324800,26137195,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,There Were No Gas Chambers,Game of the year 2016
76561198165345935,Recommended,324800,26076831,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,[ASRIEL],what kind of ending was that!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
76561198047292180,Recommended,324800,34244826,Posted: 14 August,all,yay,One of the best games Ive ever played
76561198062151256,Recommended,324800,26069483,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Sjefenessjef,A very fun game
76561197982221433,Not Recommended,324800,26108985,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Echorion,"The game offers fun meatgrinder combat with various weapons, and solid combat mechanics. Unfortunately the game falls flat in every other area; and just isn't that fun.Terrible models, repetitive enviroment, bland missions, and generally lackluster design.It bugs out, crashes, and wipes your progress. This is not a rare occurance either it does this a lot, especially in Co-op. Known bug that was supposedly ""Fixed"" but still occurs. It doesn't even keep settings changes saved.I have no idea how or why this game has so many positive reviews. No one I know that bought this was able to stick with it even to the end. Some didn't even get past one hour of it."
,Recommended,324800,28259721,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Wryme,This is one pre-order I was happy to support.
,Recommended,324800,30037099,Posted: 19 February,all,Sistina Fibel,This game is demon masscare. I like it
76561198018894642,Recommended,324800,28172736,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Amjara,"Now that the major bugs have been addressed I can give this a proper review. My hubby and I love playing this game co-op. The characters remarks are both funny and witty, the higher levels a challange, and lots of great weapons. If this game needs more of anything it's more loot. More weapons and maybe another shop to buy stuff from in terms of apparel and accessories for our Ninja outfits.* Would recommend for sure! We are having lots of fun and hope for DLC to come soon and the map to expand."
,Recommended,324800,35121844,Posted: 21 September,all,Hate Pilot,"I like it, I can't help it."
76561198078236869,Recommended,324800,26310716,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,FiTy,""" wangs out for harambe ""10/10"
76561197969379307,Recommended,324800,28296222,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,LeroyBrown,"Only played a little so far, but worth it for sure."
76561198059370755,Recommended,324800,31873614,Posted: 20 May,all,SpawnCap,"TL;DR:  I hated Doom and Shadow Warrior, and pretty much any old corridor FPS like them, but I loved Shadow Warrior 2.This game is a blast.  Don't like old school FPS games because usually just linear shooters with mobs.  Don't like Doom, first Shadow Warrior, etc. but I love Shadow Warrior 2.Missions, loot drop, non-linear, great graphics, voice acting, lip syncing, etc. all a blast.  Rude/juvenile humor and language but it didn't really bother me and not as bad as original Shadow Warrior or a title like Serious Sam.With the missions and more open gaming environment it gave me more of a Rage vibe.Lately I have been in a slump not really caring for any games that have come out in the past 6 months.  In that time have only cared for 4 games that have been released, and that is accross 3 gaming platforms combined, but Shadow Warrior 2 is one of those games."
76561198084935483,Recommended,324800,26032769,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,iMSaiyan,First time playing this game....it is wonderful - just wow. I can't say enough good things about it. JUST GET IT AND YOU'LL SEE!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wk4zckVUPmA
,Recommended,324800,26069287,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,K.z,"FINALLY, I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS GAMEHELL YEAH!!!!!! SO MASTERPIECE EPIC Mr. WANGHAVE FUN GAMING 10/10"
,Recommended,324800,26071529,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Derstn,Borderlands style run and gun with Ninjas and♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes. It's perfect.
,Recommended,324800,26034683,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Centurion Justinius,If you must blink....Your not hardcore enough to play this game.
,Recommended,324800,26167827,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Prawned,This is definitely a video game
,Recommended,324800,26202825,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Skip,"If you have a pulse and sense of humor, you will love this game."
,Recommended,324800,26399199,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,ShadowsFear,"Just some anime, arcade, FPS, hentai, eechi, gore and adrenaline addictive game. 10/10 would look at Kamiko's♥♥♥♥♥again."
76561198330516117,Recommended,324800,27584203,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Pr3daturd,Great game
76561198003329197,Recommended,324800,28111805,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,X269,10/10 Love this game bought it on sale but i would recommed even at full pricefast paced like dishonored but with more comedy
76561198101184080,Recommended,324800,31940825,Posted: 24 May,all,EVA 01,"The Path of the Wang is long, and hard.... and ribbed for her pleasure."
,Recommended,324800,26260709,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,SCOTCHFIN,not bad
76561198042587102,Recommended,324800,26182490,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Old_Man_Mayhem,You're a♥♥♥♥♥♥talking ninja who fights demons.Game of the ♥♥♥♥ing year.
76561197971272863,Recommended,324800,27611257,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sniff,"Great, funny, bloody, beautiful!Strongly recommend"
76561198039297072,Recommended,324800,31889927,Posted: 21 May,all,andrej,Best Anil Simulator i have ever played! Now i finally understand how this awesome rockstar goes trough his life.
76561198050674926,Recommended,324800,26071326,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Kermit,Borderlands 2 + Shadow Warrior= Shadow Warrior 2. Very nice.
,Recommended,324800,26124948,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,FuPlaayz - Twitch,""" You mess with the bull, you get the Wang ! """
,Recommended,324800,26272366,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,YAR Oracool,"it is perfect, uniqe colse combat mchanism makes an unusual and overwelming experience, smooth game play and character speeches adds some excitment.multiplayer is amasing but really suffers from the lack of local multiplayer.you'll never get bored beccause there are plenty of collectibles and awsome combonations to try and places to find.characters are well developed and skill are quite usefull unlike some other games.(Sorry about the poor dictation)"
76561198302356396,Recommended,324800,26116218,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,add my new acc,good
,Recommended,324800,28281523,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,ftstani,"This game shouldn't be good. It shouldn't work. But it does, and it's a good example of something that seems ridiculous, but somehow justworks.I have no idea what the setting is about. I played the first game but never finished it. As far as I can tell it's a post-apocalyptic setting where a demonic dimension has fused with the mortal plane. Like the Conjunction of Spheres from the Witcher. All you need to know is that there are lots of things for you to kill. In manners gruesome and bloody. Whatever.Story-wise the game is almost entirely carried by Lo Wang and this chick whose soul is stuck in his head. This wouldn't be the first time Lo Wang has had to share head space with a disembodied spirit. In Shadow Warrior 1 a demon resided in his head. However, this time it's a hot chick (but not that hot because she's like a daughter figure I think), which makes it more entertaining x 9000. That's the story. But it's surprisingly well done and there were even moments when I got the feels. For a game like this, is a remarkable achievement.Gameplay - it's run and gun and very well done. Superior to Doom in terms of the fun factor, and certainly superior in terms of armament. This game really is a mix of Borderlands-type looting and old school FPS."
76561197976715143,Recommended,324800,32695081,Posted: 23 June,all,Deadite AGK,"Lo Wang must shoot, loot, and dissect everything in site as he battles his way through Shadow Warrior 2's adventure of innuendos and katanas. Watch the whole review here...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Okk_C_uBQkU&index=3&list=PLkWo_cgaAOB80SHcDpCWBPgeAjfdroE8r"
76561198041590585,Recommended,324800,26022022,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,King Armic,I am having a lot of fun playing this game!! Also for 40$ this game is a steal! For the longest I thought this would be a 60$  game and after hearing how PC friendly the company was this game quickly became a must buy.Pros:- Great Funny Dialogue- Game doesn't take itself seriously- Weapon Customization is Massive- Options Menu is CompleteCons:- If you are a sensitive person or do not like Gore it may be to much for you!- A few Glitches and bugs-Finding some items can be difficult with the minimapVideo Review:https://youtu.be/bPqCPIWBrCw
,Recommended,324800,29403625,Posted: 21 January,all,iddqd,This entry to the series improves everything you enjoyed in the first reboot. I've had a great time playing as Lo Wang.
76561198150183370,Not Recommended,324800,28221193,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,CRTmatrix,"Actually, Shadow warrior 2 (2016) had much potential to be good product and even might be such one now.It feels very nasty to write negative review for it. Flying wild hog are one of the best developers of nowadays. They put much effort into optimisation, visual, animations and etc. I liked, how much did the firearms become useful in compare to the previous Shadow warrior (2013), I liked multiple quotes, bossfights, variety of enemies... Soundtrack, especially the composition written by Stan Bush!So what did actually spoil the game enought to write a negative review? The only and obvious answer are rpg elements, that presently became cancer of other genres. Instead of handcrafted levels with complex architecture and interactivity, like it was in Shadow Warrior(1997), we get small sets of prefabs with limited thematics for procedure generating, that make a lot of places look monotonous despite of being vivid and pictorial. Moreover level desing don't suppose any possible interactivity, like it was in SW (1997), but is suited only for fights. Another flaw is looting random garbage, that drops from enemies in large numbers and starts to irk very soon. Subsecuently, this flaw proceed to the arms, that are, in spite of abundance, in many aspects act similar. Furthrmore, three upgrading slots make it very annoying to reconfigure each of them for any notable characteristics. From this, another demerit feature are different types of ammo and enemies (poisonous, shocking, combustive), that make some of enemies invulnerable or immune to anything except for special conficurations of weapons, what makes them feel as bullet sponges. And, I suppose, the last of flaws is leveling, that requires stupid grinding.If you, yes, you, find this nasty features - everyone's worst nightmare, entertaining, feel sure to enjoy the game. It has no any other flaws and it's developers deserve to get payment for their work. Hey, what are you waiting for, I'm talking to you!"
76561197992988822,Not Recommended,324800,34214059,Posted: 13 August,all,plooschack,"I really wanted to give it a good grade but I can't. While it improved on some aspects - compared to it's prequel - like sworplay (which is still poor, better than last time but poor) it made a huge step back in department cruical for any shooter. Yes, I'm speaking about gunplay and over all shooting experience. Yes you have ton of guns and you can customise it. But shooting the enemies is boring. They do litte-to-no damage (on hard) and you can stand still under fire of 3-4 of those and be at full HP due to HP regen I got. And they are dumb as foock. Strafe-strafe-strafe, double jump, dash forward, dash forward when CC enemies are close. Rinse and repeat. Until they die. Moreover, while there are many-many enemies to shoot at (altough many of human factons are just a reskins), they got somehow tone down too. Juggernaut or Shaman in SW1 were interesting. They had their mechancis and when couple of 'specials"" appeared - things started to be interesting. Now it's no more - the ""variety"" comes with enemies beinf buffer or juiced up. Ubnformunately this does not transalte in to more difficult fight, just a longer fight. And the looting system is crap. Tons of tons of trash you can reforge but you have little or none control over whatr will be created. Didn't play with forge a lot (no need to)  but 3 gems of elctrical damage  being turned into toxin? Smoenthing is not right... And the last... Locations. aestethics are very subjective (for me ZillaCity was hideous) but bumber of times I had to go to the same places... Again and again, visiting the same location even if map said ""No, you are going to totaly different place!"" I had to delve into the same cave that lead to the same basment and the only difference were barrels and chests locations.Just as ""Shadow Warrior"" was a nice surprse, ""Shadow Warrior 2"" is disappointment."
76561198131527459,Not Recommended,324800,29905640,Posted: 13 February,all,†_HĘĻĻŞłŃĢ_†,hate this game disconnet me allot if i could i would take my money back i have a 4mg line uncap but still disconnect me
,Not Recommended,324800,31617373,Posted: 7 May,all,Concrete,Loot and leveling in this game ruined it!!!!!!!!!!!! WHY! I hate bullet sponges everywhere!
76561198017621760,Not Recommended,324800,26164225,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,pr3d_wan,"As of 22/10/2016Patch  1.1.3.0 changed the game for the worse.I DO NOT RECOMMEND IT ANYMORE.No more point to redo a playthrough.They must have asked JAY WILSON on how to ♥♥♥♥ up difficulty because it was changed beyond stupid.They did not fix the many bugs in the game and in the menu.Consider this game as a worse borderlands with no story but with gore and way too much trash loot.Too bad, it had so much potential."
,Not Recommended,324800,30565648,Posted: 17 March,all,COLONEL FEUERBUSCH,"Shadow Warrior 2 proves yet again that it´s better to focus on fewer systems and refining those  by failing at most of their attempts to make Shadow Warrior 2 stand out from the masses.Repetetive Mission design: Every single mission (excluding the main boss battles) relies on-1.running to points-2.kill all enemies there-3.Collect Item from the boxthats it, BUT HEY WHATS THE PROBLEM WITH THAT? isnt that basically how doom and serious sam work in some kind of way? You see, serious sam and doom spice things up by changing up their layout of enemies and the areas you fight in themselves, but because of shadow warriors ""random map generator"" (specific set pieces such as for example temples dont get randomly generated but are placed randomly on the map itself) including random enemy encounters most fights end up on flat space which means that things such as your double jump/dash are only beeing used in the most dull possible way alongside tough enemies not even appearing close to the objective, which means that you can kill the enemies that are guarding the objectives in less than a couple of seconds without the slightest challenge since objectives are for some reason always protected by the weakest enemy type possible when compared to free roaming enemies.Oh and another completely unecassary gameplay addition that would make the 4 repetetive point: Key Hunting.NOW HOLD ON A SECOND, AM I SAYING THAT DOOMS KEY HUNTING IS UNECASSARY?not at all, but heres how shadow warrior 2 does it:A marker shows you how far you are from the objective you have to go to, for example 500m, by spamming the dodge, which is the fastest way to travel in the game you can pass 500m in ca. 30 seconds (hell why is there even a ability to sprint in this game, its slower than spamming dodge and is useless in combat), but here´s the point, after you pass 200m the game tells you that you cant procceed until you get said Key, and where is the key ofcourse? all the way back where you came from, it gets exactly marked once you reach the locked door, now not telling me that i need a key for a door that i dont know existed in the first place isnt the problem, the actual problem is that im not actually hunting the key, once you reach the locked door it gets exactly marked for you (so its not any different from any of the other objectives mentioned above ffs) so you go to that place, kill all enemies and get the access to the key once all enemies are dead, then you go all the way back to the locked door again, thats not ♥♥♥♥ing key hunting, that isnt making the player pay attention to map design, thats just ♥♥♥♥ing with the player in a extremely annoying way that doesnt add depth nor challenge.(as a side note, you can return to the areas you visited after you completed the mission to hunt for loot, the problem with that is that the enemies dont apply to your lvl, which means that there are only a handful of maps themselves that can offer loot on your lvl, besides most loot beeing either unecassary or boring in this game, examples below)________________________________________________________Gunplay and Endgame Content: if you are someone that plays on easier difficulties than the gunplay might not be a issue for you since most guns pack a decent punch even late on in the game without using the in game resistence system,Since i talked previously about unecassary additions, let me introduce you to the resistence system:Enemies and weapons alike can have various upgrades in form of elemental effects, these are: Ice, Fire, Electricity and Acid.Now hold on this sounds pretty interesting, why is such a system unecassary, lets give you a example on how to introduce a resistence system that actually improves gameplay,In borderlands 2 you have elemental weapons which can be used against all targets but are often weak against others: electricity destroys shields, does normal damage against flesh and armour, Acid does fantastic damage against armour but is less effective against shields and does normal damage against flesh, Fire does fantastic damage against flesh but sucks against shields and does barely any damage to armor. On top of that there are unique enemy types, for example enemies that have a resistence to fire because they are on fire, these have a unique attack pattern and appearance while also combining these mechanics with each other, for example a fire resistent enemy since he is on fire the whole time that is using part armor and part flesh hitpoints, making players change their tactics accordingly.In Shadow warrior 2 you can find loot that you can use on your weapons, each weapon can have 3 upgrades which can vary from simpler things such as ""increase damage against low tier demons"" to ""your gun shoots three more projectiles but consumes double the ammo required"" (even though most of these upgrades are not worth the trade of since they either bring way to harsh disadvantages or offer barely anything at all ""increase your damage by 20% when equipping this upgrade but decrease your mag size by 50%""), another drop that you can find are elemental upgrades, instead of using a system similar to the one used in borderlands the elemental effects dont have any purpose besides doing one thing, increasing your damage output on the enemy that is weak to ""insert elemental effect here"".Where is the problem in that? the Problem is that unless you are playing on easier difficulties the game increases the resistences of enemies to such a degree that you are forced to use the elemental effect that they are weak against while the enemies themselves dont get any new abilities whatsover, so unless you dont mind wasting eight times the amount of ammunition for weapons that dont do AoE damage you are going to cripple yourself regarding weapon customazation for no good reason (AoE damage weapons in this game are pretty much the wildcard since they do decent dps on their own without crippling yourself to one element), on top of that you can just pause the game and change your weapons to the needed elemental effect, which makes things even more unecessary, see that soldier over there? yeah thats a normal guy, what about the guy next to him, the one that is literally on fire, oh yeah he is resistent to fire and weak against ice, thats it, they both have the same attacks and look exactly the same, just one of them has a fire effect on them (even though when you get to close to elemental enemies you get damaged by such a small amount that a passive 0.5 health regen per second negates the damage completely, 0.5 is a very low health regen rate to make my point clear).________________________________________________________Endgame content, unless you want to replay and replay and replay the same campaign over and over again you can complete trials, these trials give you a currency that can be used to upgrade your weapons fire rate, damage or reload speed (note you can also earn the currency by playing the campaign but its specifically balanced in a way that the campaign barely rewards any points compared to the trials), the problem with that is that you will have to grind trials over (and im not kidding) a 100 times just to upgrade one weapon to a decent status, want to increase your fire rate by 20%? well you better start grinding the next 12 hours or so for that ONE weapon you want to upgrade (each trial takes around 2 to 5 minutes depending on which weapons you use, aoe very likely), so to make things short, unless you are a fan of borderlands (regarding the guns) just pass on this game, every other aspect is either not working as clearly intended or lackluster in the first place.Please feel free to express why you disagree with my points in the comments"
,Not Recommended,324800,28303798,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,[PoN] Spark,"Here's the deal: people are comparing this game to Doom or Boarderlands, but there's something huge missing from that analysis. Both Doom and BL2 are known for their excellent level design and composition, making for an experience that has pacing and balance. *Shadow Warrior lacks this in every way*Though the game plays like a fast-paced gibb-fest, and moderately interesting loot is found aplenty, the somewhat proceedurally generated levels quickly come to feel just like something you need to get through in order to confront your objectives. The impulse to explore and discover dies away, the mind starts to notice reused templates throughout the levels, and battles seem to have no pacing or balance.I was a big fan of SW1 and the old-school series. Unfortunately, this iteration falls far short of the bar its franchise has set. I feel a little bad giving such a harsh review of such a beloved series, and other aspects of the game do shine (weapons, upgrade system, enemy types), but level design is such a defining aspect of the overall experience that I just can't give the thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,324800,26074301,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,stressin her out=3,Definitely a step in the wrong direction for the shadow warrior franchise. Unfortunately this game does not have any of the oomph the first game had such has when you first fought gozu you entered the shadow realm and stepped into an arena knowing FULL well what was about to happen now the most epic fight I had was some random enemy named a tumor. All in all it's just underwhelming compared to the rich story from the first game.The gameplay itself is definitely a 8 of 10 though was alot of fun when you did fight a decent group of enemies.
,Not Recommended,324800,26139652,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Damuel,"I'm just putting this up for visibility, I love the game, and I think it's worth a buy, but for all the praise for the performance in single player, very few people are noting the co-op issues. If you buy this for the single player it's a great game, ignore this and get it. But if you want to play with friends-The co-op runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you're buying this to play with friends be aware of this. I'm on a GTX 1080 with an I7 6700k 32GB ram so I'm by no means running on a low end computer. The game generally is at 90+fps on max settings in single player though it can dip into the 60s when huge amounts of enemies and explosions occur. In co-op I'm usually in the 60s with dips into the 30s or 40s during heavy action.While this is playable it's VERY disappointing to have this performance on my rig. And I can't imagine how the game will run on weaker hardware."
,Not Recommended,324800,26372999,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Oneiron,"Tldr: Don't buy this until the game breaking bugs are fixed.This game started out alot of fun, but it is plagued by a few game breaking bugs. I find it amazing that the game developer haven't fixed them yet. The bug I have makes it impossible for me to use the shops in game when I play co-op. Since I only got this game to play co-op with my friends it makes the game unplayable for me. To make matters worse the developer doesn't even answer questions regarding this bug, which is very frustrating for us that have this problem. Don't buy this until the bugs are fixed!"
76561198025233966,Not Recommended,324800,32222145,Posted: 6 June,all,Zero's Escape,Gets boring really quick. You'll stop playing once you realize all the fights are the same fights with the same enemies. Wait until price drops to under $10.
,Not Recommended,324800,28319480,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Mr. Matt,"I enjoyed Shadow Warrior 1 for its melee and ranged combat, a decent story, a comical protagonist who, though he remains comical, matures in the story with some pretty serious/sad moments around the end of the game. There was a tight number of weapons, and it was reminiscent of older shooters, like how the new Doom ended up being. When I heard the same company was making a sequel to it with loot drops and co-op, I was thrilled, because hey, I was into Borderlands 2, Dead Island, Dying Light, Diablo games, etc., and those all have loot systems that I had fun with. I pre-ordered the game, left work dive into Shadow Warrior 2, and had fun...for a couple of hours. After that, I noticed myself being less and less entertained with the game.First, I'd like to address the positives; stuff I did like in the game. This game isgorgeous, graphically, both on low- and high-end systems (I should know because I played it, then upgraded my PC because of Mankind Divided shaming my PC, and while Shadow Warrior 2 looked good before, but it looks incredible on an updated computer). There are some funny jokes in like with Shadow Warrior 1, and there's the ability to go free roam killing respawning enemies in maps you've completed, which is nice. That is where what I liked about the game ends.So how did I dislike this game's loot and weapons? I enjoy loot in the games I mentioned earlier, so how is this something I dislike in Shadow Warrior 2? Well, it's a bit complicated. There are weapons...that aren't random loot; a lot of them. It looks like there are around 74 different weapons you find throughout the game, all of which you keep and they stay in your inventory (seems bottomless), but they cannot be sold. You choose up to 8 of them at any time to have on your wheel/number bar hotkey list, and each one can be equipped with up to 3 mods. The mods are the random loot, and they drop more items than are dropped in Diablo and Borderlands games. I would estimate that, on average, I found about 3-5 mods everyminuteI was on a combat map, and there are a large number of categories, different qualities of, and types of mods in each category. I despise this game's inventory. It's like the Mass Effect 1 inventory, except it never fills up, and the items have to be applied tootheritems (the weapons). It's a mess. Andactuallytrying out up to 74 different weapons on top of the different mods? That takes a lot of time that I could be playing and enjoying another game instead.I then thought to myself I could just ignore the mods altogether, but the game's difficulty is built around the assumption that the player is using mods, including enemies with physical resistance, meaning instead of doing bonus damage by using the correct element, your attacks won't just be doing less damage...they'll be doing reduced damage. Imagine trying to use a mediocre fire weapon in Borderlands 2 against an armored enemy, instead of a corrosive weapon of equal quality. That's a good way to have a bad time.That is the majority of what turns me off on the game. The elements are a big part of the game, and unlike Borderlands games, it does a poor job of handling them, going so far as to have physical resistance enemies. Having a major part of the game that I just want to shut behind a door and never look at again is not a good thing for a game. Another big turn-off for me is that when you die, you lose all of your experience points which accrue toward your next skill point. Keep that Dark Souls-ian quasi-Roguelike stuff in Dark Souls and roguelike games, please. I can handle a little cash loss (it does that, too), a la Borderlands, but losing all my experience before hitting my next level up? Screw you, game. That's my time I spent earning that XP."
,Recommended,324800,29617276,Posted: 31 January,all,Jihad,Ching Chong
,Not Recommended,324800,26081112,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Tek,"Aside from the unnecessary complication of having to complete the tutorial stage before being allowed to co-op, what kills this game for me is that:-The combat is too floaty. It feels like it was made with a poor multiplayer netcode in mind. Enemies just start waving their swords around and you take damage despite being 2-3 feet away from them. It's almost as if like there was lag, except I'm in single player, so obviously the hitboxes are very exaggerated - again, it's as if the combat was designed to compensate for laggy players or perhaps a poor netcode. It doesn't feel like a proper shooter because of this.-The clunky, unergonomic UI. If you're going to make a drop-in, drop-out co-op game, you NEED to keep a sense of speed and accessibility in mind for your character/inventory menus. The UI for your character's skills and weapons and whatnot is... not necessarily complex, but it's very unintelligible, if you just want to get something done quick. It's a huge buzzkill. When me and my friend played, our first reaction almost at the same time was ""who the hell wants to sit in this menu for 10 minutes to figure it out, I'll just use whatever weapons the game auto-equips for me, I don't care..."".Aside from that, my personal opinion is that this game's graphics are overblown. There's so much visual fidelity that the actual enemies just blend in to the explosion of colors and particle effects everywhere you look. Shadow Warrior 1 looked amazing, without taking your enemies out of the visual focus. The Unreal Engine 4 circlejerking in this game is just too much for me, and I find it hard to focus on my enemies. When you put too much detail in a game, everything just melts together and it's hard to get a read on what's happening any more."
,Recommended,324800,26101170,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Will,What the ♥♥♥♥ are you reading? Buy it immediately! ∞/10
,Recommended,324800,26067939,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,GROBI,"Give me DLCs, costumepacks and all that stuff - WANG WANTS MORE!!!"
,Not Recommended,324800,26290389,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,GuitaringEgg,It's♥♥♥♥♥♥ Movement feels♥♥♥♥♥♥ guns feel♥♥♥♥♥♥ sword combat is alright. Borderland elements in the game are♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,324800,29048006,Posted: 5 January,all,exophes,"Review as of 1/5/17. The game isn't worth the money. Let's start with the main issue of the loading screen. Every time you choose a mission, you need to teleport. The loading time ranges between 15 to 30 minutes because the screen just freezes on you and you can't do anything (my gaming system is powerful so it's not my computer). It gives you a loading error from the windows itself asking if you want to force shut the application and that happens multiple times throughout the loading screen. After 30 minutes of wait time when you finally get to the actual mission, the rendering is horrible. It lags as if you are playing some online multiplayer at 600 ping. You can barelly move and everything just clitches. You have to restart the game and load the mission again. I find it that on the second try it works better. Keep in mind you need to do this after each mission. I can go through the whole map and the mission in 15 minutes or so and the loading time is way greater than that (so no play time just wait time).Issue with gameplay is another story. I like harder difficulties and in this game you can go through the whole thing with the basic blade and no upgrades. If you have experience playing something similar, you will have no problem finishing the game like that. No upgrades needed or other weapons needed to complete it. I like the gameplay to challange me and require me to use some other weapons or try to get better upgrades but here its simply just an addition, yet you would do just fine without anything but your original blades.The storyline isn't bad and the characters are pretty decent but the above mentioned issues make it almost unbearable and most centraily impossible to enjoy the game. Very frustrating that the game has been released in this form. Hopefully the patch will make it better."
76561198095924054,Not Recommended,324800,30790661,Posted: 28 March,all,FusionJay,"I'm writing this review too early but so far the experience is dissapointing because of the borderland mechanic which is lackluster.The game is no longer an interesting story with a good old fashion linear hack and slash first person shooter but an awkard borderland copy cat. About 80% of the enemies I've faced were either immune to physical, poison, fire, ice, electricity attacks, this made the game very annoying to me. The game revovles everything around how you set up gems onto your weapon slot to do damage or obtain health/chi etc...  Now I'm forced to deal with this micromanaging loot system they've installed, trying to determine how each enemy I face will require me to adjust the gems to progress through the game faster. I've done coop a quarter of the way with a friend and then return to my own progression, now the game became too easy because of the reward/loot collected. I could increase the difficulty but then the enemies has too much health to take down, which people often refer as ""bullet sponge"".  Many others who found the first one a masterpiece will certainly see this as a dissapointment, the sequel comes off as grindy and lazy.UPDATE:I've finished the game and this sequel could of been good regardless of the story if they just avoided gearbox playbook mechanic.Positive- 80 weapons to choose from- Graphics decent- A shop to purchase ammunition and sometimes new weapons- Interesting Boss fights- Hack and slash can be fun at times, same goes with shootingNegative-Loot, confusing and frustrating-bullet sponge enemies-customization/ micro-managing weapon slots-boring, random level generated-Story pretty dull-side mission boring-Some of the weapons feel the same, mostly just a drastic reskin-no replayability(well specifically for me)-The Hub area is too big and a waste of time-Too many uneccessary skills to upgrade-A weapon upgrade system that makes no sense"
,Not Recommended,324800,30898725,Posted: 2 April,all,Xelk,"After playing the reboot I had high expectations forShadow Warrior 2... and it let me down from beginning to end. Nevertheless, I still felt like finishing before writing this review.Pros:Weapon & character customisation.Lots of different weapons.Lots of skills.Free DLCs.Cons:Very repetitive or similar maps.Poor story.Boring mobs.Boring quests.Easy bosses and seeing the first one takes quite a while.Overall I found nothing special on this game. I do like single-player FPS games and unfortunately I have to say there are many other better similar games out there."
76561198100758562,Not Recommended,324800,26106775,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Data Impact,If you get this game expecting it to be just as awesome as the first game. You are so wrong. The makers some how went from awesome shotting killing fighting to rpg mmo quest game all you do is gather♥♥♥♥♥♥ Not worth 43$ maybe 25$ maybe
,Recommended,324800,32868573,Posted: 27 June,all,Δωδεκάθεον,"bloody game   uh,"
76561198053552710,Recommended,324800,29636118,Posted: 1 February,all,✖ButterflyEffect✖,"first I was like : :/In the middle of the game I was : :O :)Now I am :  :D :)Recommend. Quite a good shooter . 8,5/10And Gin the Cat doesn´t own this game. That´s another good thing."
76561198000646313,Not Recommended,324800,28487440,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Jaggedjaw,"this is a game.....im greatly disappointed.1. the story and tone change greatly from the comedy that was the first one to something that feels like brofest focus on multiplayer. You get again a jiminy cricket but its more of cliche valley girl making fun of lo wang incomptence.2. the gameplay seemed more hack/slash gun play multi player focus. Which to me, the quality downlplays story.3. Doing a time skip and not explaining wtf happen is story makers mistake, you can execute it right if for a good reason. They didnt do it right, you have to gather notes around the world to even piece together what happen, and you can do that by illing certain enemies in free roam area.4. characters were not engaging, more like they're there becuase they're there. The only person I liked wa The Smith, but it's becuase he can put down wang well. The others were more basic in personality or just cookie cutter character.5. Somewhat bugging, i noticed some of the dropped items, even witht he radius pickup, the items would be stuck on walls or land on an  area  cant reach it without falling.I dont usually write long reviews, but this needed my reasoning, i liked the first one, it wa good. I was excited when they annouced this sequal and sadly this is not a good game. Im more of a story good game guy, which was what the first one, this sacrifice story for multiplayer and that seems to be getting common. And annoying"
76561198073523707,Not Recommended,324800,29733200,Posted: 5 February,all,salsipius,40+ hours of joy then they updated it - started crashing that night and continues to do so every time I play.  2 emails to the devs never replied to...shame great game -♥♥♥♥♥♥devs
,Recommended,324800,26129954,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Typhon Morgan,Like Borderlands except good.
76561198068106858,Not Recommended,324800,30845194,Posted: 30 March,all,Commander Pedo,"Don't get me wrong I want to like this game I really do. It worked since day 1 of its launch after all and i loved its kind of 90's movie vibe but aside from all of that its gameplay is extremely repetitive and many mechanics are useless such as the runes system.I am not a fan of this game but if you like ""looter shooters"" such as borderlands , you will probably like this game.Pros-worked since day 1 of its launch (which should not even be considered a pro, all games should work first day of launch)-great theme-good music-okay graphicsCons-Weapons do not feel effective against enemies since it takes maybe 15 bullets to kill a common enemy-Gameplay is extremely repetitive-Procedurally generated levels which prevent it from telling a good story using the environment of the levels-Its rune system is extremely useless as you can just pause in the middle of the game and switch out the runes (runes are to improve the weapon and to kill enemies with certain buffs). It would have been great if the runes could not be just switched out in the middle of combat so the player will be forced to use different weapons to tackle different enemies but that is not the case with this game as you can just switch out your runes in the middle of the game."
76561198175969697,Not Recommended,324800,32428873,Posted: 15 June,all,Machine Gun Kelly,Utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ Worst 30 dollars I have ever spent on a game. Why did I listen to my stupid friends who said it's good? ♥♥♥♥ THOSE GUYS. I'll regret buying this for the rest of my life.
,Recommended,324800,28919500,Posted: 1 January,all,Dominox3,Rabbits are scary. Never mess with 'em.
76561198168460460,Recommended,324800,29632606,Posted: 1 February,all,Killer.Fury.Paws,"The Game is fun, graphics is beautiful, has demons, ninjas and other weird creatures.Dialect and banter is quite hillarious and the voice acting is superb.view my channel for a better look and subscribe, like leave a comment:https://youtu.be/ETKn6X_juogwould rate it 8/10 with a badass attitude"
,Recommended,324800,26023359,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Kreezuh,Lil' Wang
76561197970465924,Recommended,324800,29555964,Posted: 28 January,all,Core2029,Mindless♥♥♥♥♥kicking. It's exactly what you'd hope.  Supports widescreen resolutions and feels great.  The humor is spot-on Wang.
,Recommended,324800,26178819,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Ntinos K.,Almost perfect ...
76561198054773976,Recommended,324800,26104429,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Stealthy Cockatrice,I really enjoyed playing with my wang.
,Recommended,324800,26088600,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,deltap,Really good game.
76561197988852907,Recommended,324800,26019247,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Toune,AMAZING !!!!
,Recommended,324800,26164130,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Amaiera,Such a beautiful title music... What? This should be a review of the game? Well it's also not bad.. but let me hear it one more time..
,Recommended,324800,34472590,Posted: 24 August,all,Filipus Maximus Rex,I need this game <3
76561197972212656,Not Recommended,324800,26047462,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Peo01,"It's Shadow Warrior with rpg/loot shooter shenanigans as an addition.Think Borderlands without being boring trash.Think Shadow Warrior 1 just better, bigger and wanger.See? This is the average Wang.8===>And then there is your average Doom Marine.8=====>But when it comes to The Wang?Man I gotta tell you, I tried to measure The Wang but had to stop when the world ranout of measuring tape.9 Wangs out of 10.----------------------------------------------------------Shadow Warrior 2 is the sequel to Shadow Warrior (2013) which is an in-direct (i.e. has not much to do with) sequel to the original Shadow Warrior from 1997.Like the 2013 reboot Shadow Warrior 2 combines the old school fast paced, action packed and incredibly fun (read: statisfying) gameplay of ""old school"" shooters with the additions to shooters of the modern age.This translates into great gun play (Sounds could be a bit better though, especially for assault rifles) and melee combatcombined with an leveling and loot system.However instead of making the leveling/rpg/loot system the main focus of the game, Shadow Warrior 2 instead opts to have it an additional system catering to the core game mechanics.Hence guns can be modified in a variety of ways, but it isn't quite necessery on the two lower difficulties.Is it more fun to use weapon mods?I'm sorry, did you just ask if a remote controlled intoxicating scatter shot rocket launcher is fun?If that was really your question, then the answer is Wang.What's important is that skill upgrades, modifications and loot hunting add to the experience rather than being the main point.The main point of Shadow Warrior 2 remains the same as in the 2013 and 1997 prequels.There is demon.Kill demon.Good, now kill more demons in a bloody, gruesome and motherducking awesome way!Sure, you'll find the ""Destroyer of Realms"" rocket launcher and laugh hysterically as your new toy's rockets obliterate hordes of enemies, but there's always the 20 other weapons in your inventory ready to be switched out for a wangfully good time.From the base shotgun, over the dual wield plasma rifles to the living, toxic breathing grenade launcher.All the weapons are fun and all of them can be used way into the game's progression, with upgrades pretty much being ""better but also different"" choices rather than giving the player no options.I for one will pull out my dual revolvers again for the final battle.Why?Wang.It has to be said though that the game has suffered several issues on the technical level.Two examples I encountered myself:1.While playing with a friend in coop he stated a mission while I was in a menu and this corrupted my save file.This was annoying at first, but then I just started a new game on the lowest difficulty to get my progress back quicklyand also removed any remorse over the lost save files with demon blood... lots of demon blood.2.For some reason while using the quick select menu for my weapons the transparent background for the menu stayed on the screen, this was fixed by restarting the game.So in the end...How good is the game?Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaang.If you like ego shooters that are fast paces, action packed and involve murdering a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s then Shadow Warrior 2 is a great purchase.And because Flying Wild Hog is a motherducking flying wild hog the game also only costs 37€ on Steam (15.10.2016),because being money hungry is for big companies (read: ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ding motherducking ♥♥♥♥faces) like EA.------------------------------------------------Edit:The latest patch has turned the game much more towards being a rpg/loot shooter.It's now as bad as The Division (1.2 - 1.3) and every Borderlands game.Stats are king now on higher difficulties, while they used to be a bonus or incentive to switchweapons before.Henceforth I'm revoking my recommendation on this game until further notice."
,Not Recommended,324800,29689226,Posted: 4 February,all,Get Lifted,"Brilliant gamehowever, after making it past 50% of the game, it has crashed twice in the last 5 minutes!?"
76561197994395238,Recommended,324800,28898745,Posted: 1 January,all,Noobc0re,Know that it is loot focused.It is has amazing weapons!Some bullet-spongy enemies.Great characters.
,Not Recommended,324800,29349817,Posted: 18 January,all,CrazyDoctor,"I've played the previous ShadowWarrior games and loved them, so naturally, I was one of those to pre-purchase the game.  I really love the series.  When the game first came out, I reallye enjoyed it, but recent updates have made it unplayable.  Ithe game becomes pixalated and crashes almost as soon as I begin the ""game"" portion.  What I was able to play, I really enjoyed.  The graphics are amazing, Lo Wang is halarious (as usual) the stores and side quests are fun....or...were fun.  I am NOT going to reccommend it only because I can't play it anymore.  Hopefully the game DEVs can fix this.  I may go over to GOG and pick up a copy since all my other stuff from them works....dunno if STEAM is the issue or the game."
,Recommended,324800,26189843,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,quickie,If you've enjoyed Borderlands this game is a must have.
,Recommended,324800,26029494,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Heartsworth,"Feel like a ninja, Sting like a Wang!"
,Not Recommended,324800,28579883,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Ken Adams NSA,"Has a great start, but devolves into a hub-based experience that feels like it loses sight of the main experience. Combat is mostly satisfying, but the controls are a little frustrating to wrestle with, even as someone who is a hardcore FPS fan. The MP experience is confusing and odd, which makes it tough to recommend as a co-op experience. Overall, I was a bit disappointed by the game, but this is more of a neutral recommendation, rather than a negative one."
,Recommended,324800,26015687,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,yantuR,love it <3 !
76561198198375813,Recommended,324800,26027628,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,End-sky,游戏不错，就是感觉画质稍稍有点落后，总体不错，但是该死的是，为什么每次我的存档点都在怪堆里
76561198031232246,Recommended,324800,28913722,Posted: 1 January,all,Sassy_Sentai,"Holy Wang, this game is all about Lo Wang and his Wang. ;^)"
76561198067213105,Recommended,324800,26076122,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,M.Shadow,"no dlc♥♥♥♥♥♥ well optimized for pc gamer , fun9/10"
,Recommended,324800,26073189,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,ol_starchie | kickback.com,A little short but still best 7 hours that i`v spent in a video game
,Recommended,324800,26072877,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Herpes Hank,its p coo.those comparing it to borderlands are mislead or dumb. there are a set amount of weapons with no gun parts. they function like traditional FPS weapons. the loot system is to allow customization and fine tuning to how you want to play. every weapon has 3 slots to slot modifiers into. the modifiers are whats being looted.
,Recommended,324800,34484617,Posted: 25 August,all,giraffe high on coke meme king,i gif it a ching chang outch of tchenring rong ching (insert ''wang'' joke here)hey thats pretty good
76561198014526692,Recommended,324800,26026564,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Thazgar,"Looks totally awesome. I barely have done the tutorial, but i'm pretty happy to put a good review here. Shadow Warrior is not a well knowed fanchise and she need some love !"
76561198011098165,Not Recommended,324800,29382739,Posted: 20 January,all,8thdigger,Doesn't save to cloud
76561198050684035,Recommended,324800,26198798,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Sempiro,"First hours - It is like Shadow Warrior 1, but better.Finish hours - I love this game! 10\10 would Wang again!It beats Doom! Love it, just love it!"
,Recommended,324800,26026398,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Ass Pancakes ||||| blw.tf,Killing all the rabbits!
76561197985717745,Recommended,324800,26068479,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,SuperBroHeroFella,It's brilliant. Go play it!
,Recommended,324800,26072355,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,S1dh4nt (死神),My opinion is definitely worth the price.Played 8 hours on downloading nd not even bored at all.I guess i found my soulgame xD tbh.Like the multiplayer content too.very nice graphics nd u cn run it in R9 280x wid no seat or R9 270x.
,Recommended,324800,26067781,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,// KittyGetCrunk,"""Wangs out for Harambe""Yes, a fortune cookie did offer me guidence in life with this quote to live by.This game is like... imagine you're Yasuo, the Unforgiven from League of Legends for example.Are you annoyed that your team just keeps dying, & feeding your lane so hard that you feel a flame of anger spark inside you? That flame you feel... that's Wang baby. Dont fight it.RELEASE THE WANG!YOUR TEAMMATES THEN MAGICALLY TRANSFORM INTO SOME BADASS LOOKING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOU!// What do you do? Panic?... //NO, RELEASE THE WANG! WITH ONE SIMPLE CLICK, YOU SLICE THROUGH EVERY OPPONENT IN YOUR WAY, PICKING UP FURY & CHI TO HELP ANNIHILATE ANYTHING THAT STEPS IN YOUR WAY! AS YOU PROCEED TO DIFFERENT MAPS, MUCH STRONGER ENEMIES WILL TRY TO STOP YOU..// But you're Wang baby. You're not going down that easily! //CHANNELING YOUR CHI YOU BECOME INVISIBLE, ALLOWING YOU TO PERFORM A DEVASTATING SPINNING BLADE ATTACK, SLICE EVERYBODY IN YOUR RADIUS & LEAVING NOTHING BEHIND BUT CUTE BUNNIES CASUALLY PERFORMING A BLOOD ORGY.Basically, this game is perfect if you're looking for a HACK&SLASH with a RNG loot drop feeling, mixed with amazingly designed weapons & skills! Would highly recommend!"
,Not Recommended,324800,28578818,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,timboFunkyDude,"my main issues with this game are, boring story (which I have not completed , unsatisfying loot and repetetive enemies that become bullet sponges."
76561198237150350,Recommended,324800,26410855,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Gstylez0107,This game is excellent. Friggin excellent...
76561198070126792,Recommended,324800,28196038,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,johndoe1927,This game out DOOMs the new DOOM...
76561198043245951,Recommended,324800,26228595,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Kellanved,"If you like Borderlands, you will love this game."
76561198010483339,Recommended,324800,26356419,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,TrickyTraegs,Would wang again.
76561198106999272,Recommended,324800,26174911,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,I_TOP_C4,Very good gameVery good priceyou can not go wrong
,Recommended,324800,26237283,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,TAScalde,"For people looking for nice jokes and nonstop action this is the game to go!Beautiful graphics, diverse enemies, a lot of weapons and powers and everything you need to fly around raining blades and bullets on your enemies.Great soundtrack, you'll be hooked from beggining to end, and as soon as you finish your first playthrough you'll be craving for more, I guess this is a few of such games that I felt compelled to do so.Don't wait any longer, join in and enjoy this incredible game!"
76561198217733673,Recommended,324800,26348557,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,andando92,fun game
76561198178170622,Recommended,324800,28195948,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Moderate Muslim,This game was amazing. Buy it.
,Recommended,324800,28203648,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Meep^,is good game :)))))
,Recommended,324800,26208448,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,$7EAK,7/10
76561198048329918,Recommended,324800,26257407,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,TheLordofAcorns,"Best game this year, maybe ever. That is all.Wait.. also play on a vr headset, it will blow your tiny mind."
,Recommended,324800,28301854,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,JackT,Game crashed in multi play
76561198142433450,Recommended,324800,31927930,Posted: 23 May,all,BM10X,"Alright, so...The game itself is incredibly fun.  I dont know if it would have been a DAY 1 buy for me but right now for some quick gameplay its been alright.  The character is basically an Asian Deadpool, there's no other way to say it and I'm Pretty sure that is what the game was going for.  The in game conversations are hilarious and the actual gameplay is damn solid too.  If you liked the Serious Sam games then this one is for you...NO DOUBT ABOUT IT!"
,Recommended,324800,26023555,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,AlterRektMLG,Was letting out some steam after Steam messed up prices and a lot of people got the game for actually Rs 84 or like 3.99Euros I guess.
,Recommended,324800,26015581,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Zeroskulls,10/10Would mess with the bull again.
,Not Recommended,324800,26078624,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,matt,"save got corrupted and i cannot continue the story. will change my review if the problem is fixed.EDIT:this is what causes the bug (minor spoilers maybe)1. after you complete part 1 of the story and the portal opens up in town2. if you go into the portal and come back out without taking any quests3. if you go into a free roam map next5. now, when you return to town the portal will be closed and you cannot take any quests or continue the story"
,Not Recommended,324800,26218829,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,MonkeyBone,"Did you like the remake? the fast paced action, the simplistic but direct gameplay that wasted no time and made sure you were knee deep in the blood of your enemies at all times? well you're not going to get that here.Instead of doing a follow up and producing something in a similar vein to the DOOM remake/sequel they decided to cash in and copy Borderlands because that's what you want from this type of game right? grinding and loot collecting? everything has taken a back seat to this and it results in a shallow game that will take forever to get to even half the level Wang was in the ""first"" game.Do yourself a favor and play DOOM instead, or Serious Sam, support developers that actually care about the source material because any good that was here has gone the way of DUKE now. RIP Shadow Warrior."
,Recommended,324800,26016314,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,[YAES] ZaRED,No man's sky with more wang.10/10 i will play with my wang again.
,Not Recommended,324800,28190302,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Valnak,It does a good job of being Borderlands 2.Too bad I didn't like Borderlands 2. I liked Shadow Warrior 1 which this is not.
,Not Recommended,324800,34943384,Posted: 13 September,all,Sweet T-1000,"Not nearly as good as the previous title. The loot system results in an armoury that, even once you've maxed everything out, still feels anemic. Everything is just a little less original, a little less fun, a little less funny, a little more repetitive, etc. If you're a huge fan of the previous game and find it at a major discount, try it for the progression in the story and a bit more Shadow Warrior, but otherwise I can't recommend this."
,Not Recommended,324800,26119511,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,FranckyFox2468,"Don't know why the journos compared it to the new doom so much and devolver/flying wild hog took so much pride in this, because it barely has anything to do with the first game  on so many aspects to begin with. It could've been a decent first person rpg but it does a terrible job at being a sequel to the ♥♥♥♥ing awesome 2013 reboot."
76561197970596981,Not Recommended,324800,26096571,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,bxb209,"I loved Shaow Warrior 2013.  It was a fantastic reboot that hit all the right points of nostalgia and borrowed little from modern shooters except for some upgradeable weapons and RPG upgrades.  Sadly, Shadow Warrior 2 has changed the formula putting too much junk in and trying to be different from its predecessor.  Frankly i'm not not enjoying it.  I'm going to ask for a refund."
,Not Recommended,324800,26214296,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,• Moayad,"Shadow Crashthis game keeps crashing and has so many errors occuring.""an internal application error has occurred. We deeply regret your inconvenience, but the game will close.""I can no longer to play my save anymore !!(with myself and with my friend)"
,Not Recommended,324800,26131811,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,pressbyrom,"This game draws you in with promises of loot and my mind was set for Borderlands-like combat and customization.It throws this well designed, pretty map in your face to test things out and has smooth AF gameplay.I already knew the story would be mediocre at best so I was one hundred percent set for ADHD action and minmaxing until the end of time.I played on the hardest diffculty. It took me some time to get a hang of it. Like it was insanely hard at first. But then after a couple of hours I could autoattack through anything. The last bossfight went down so fast I never noticed the music.Anyway the game boasted about having the same character return for a new round. I'm set for some new♥♥♥♥♥♥that was hidden on a first playthrough.NOPESame game, same everything. No replayability at all.Too few sidequests. Randomly generated maps, I think 3 styles total with a few shifting blocks.I didn't even bother changing items the last 5 hours or so i was playing.Has potential but... nah"
,Not Recommended,324800,26512530,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Spooon,Plain ol' boring.
,Not Recommended,324800,26300501,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,QedrBlaster,"This is not Shadow Warrior. It's a Borderlands game that looks like Shadow Warrior. The first part (2013) was a superb modern remake of the original, while this game went as far away from that formula as possibly can. Very dissapointed and hoping for a refund."
76561198016660054,Not Recommended,324800,26136438,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Cuddlebag,"A swing and a miss. I loved the first Shadow Warrior. The story was fun and the progression felt rewarding. This is something else. This is Borderlands without the rewarding drops, freedome and fun plot. Since I've only played this co-op and that part had been executed extremely poorly I can't say much about the single player experience but I can't imagine it's alot better.Granted the co-op part feels like it was thrown in last second."
,Not Recommended,324800,28344389,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Zobscar,"While the first one was a breath of fresh blood, this new iteration suffers the oh-so-typical curse of ""let's make it bigger and better in every way but we don't really know how to do that...""They added a new RPG inspired special gem setting system that's just a nightmare to handle and lets you spend hours lost in bad looking menus! Because that's why you bought Shadow Warrior 2 right? That's what the trailers promised: theorycraft your way through endless menus and random drops nobody gives a damn about, customise your weapons in the least relevant way possible to improve your DPS by 0.3% how grand!Flying Wild Hog created super cool upgrade systems for SW1 and Hard Reset, and now they've thrown all that god damn awesome UI and UX for the least inspired and most dreadful progression system I've seen in years.NOBODY WANTS TO SPEND HOURS IN MENUS FOR MINIMAL IMPACT, THIS IS NOT THE GAME FOR THAT KIND OF SYSTEM.Also the story used to make sense at some point but now it's just random namedrop and no connection between pieces. And the jokes are bad. I'm gonna go back to playing the first one and Hard Reset."
76561198251969320,Recommended,324800,26015617,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,NightRocket,i have played a bit but so far the gameplay was great and the combat was amazingthe voice acting is ok but i really recommend buying this gamea great game for the price
,Not Recommended,324800,26147039,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Freakydemon,"Did you ever question why weapons have specific roles in FPS games? Did you ever wonder why enemy types existed with specific gameplay that came with them? Did you ever ponder what tight level design with a natural flow really did for a great game? Well now you can find out in Shadow Warrior 2™ because it has nothing of these ♥♥♥♥ing things. It has better gunplay than Borderlands 2 but worse level design, don't ask me how that one happened but some random generation of super interesting pre-fabs later and you'll get it no problemo."
,Not Recommended,324800,26041248,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,closed fist chronicles,"I've never touched a Shadow Warrior game before this one. I have played Borderlands and seen a good deal of Serious Sam play and I think the comparisons are accurate.However I will say that I think the games praises are sung a bit too strongly. I'm not one for story but even with that it didn't seem that existant and the humor is pretty weak stuff that doesn't really flow that well.The randomly generated levels were interesting but lead to more than a few instances of pointless dead ends or sometimes even chests spawning in completely unreachable areas. The ingame minimap can be pretty difficult to read at times, and I've noticed that while one or two enemies will appear on the map, aggroing them causes 10 more to appear out of nowhere randomly.I also think that people have exaggerated their builds/graphics settings a bit. I have a fairly updated computer with a 1070 and it still experienced a bit of graphical lag, especially in the city levels.Finally the upgrade and loot system. This combined with the skill system just feels so shallow. There's absolutely no HUD element for comparing different upgrades on your weapons and its not exactly an easy task to compare it to what you have (maybe I'm just stupid on that one). All of the upgrades feel like mostly the same thing and you get an absolute shit♥♥♥♥ton of them.You know how in Borderlands when you find a dropped gun you can easily mouse over it to compare it to what you have?You know how in Borderlands enemies have fairly clear elemental weaknesses, instead of putting them on a messy, hard-to-read-in-battle HUD element?You know how in Borderlands every character has their own clear speciality and a direction to go in instead of just being able to go with whatever?I wouldn't necessarily say Shadow Warrior 2 is a bad game, it's just simple and shallow while at the same time drowning the player in pointless upgrades that after a while feel like too much of a pain to sift through to compare to what you have. After an hour I think about how much I'd rather be playing Borderlands, and I'm not even that big of a Borderlands fan. After 2 hours I'm drained and bored with it. Maybe the game picks up later on but after 5 or so hours of play I have to say I'm not entirely impressed. I wouldn't recommend this at the full price tag, maybe wait a bit and catch it when it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,324800,26045142,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Manthrottle Beefdeath,The game hard crashed twice before 30 minute mark.Wait until patches come in.
,Recommended,324800,26021942,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,-I-_R4MBO_-I-,"Everything is perfect, worth the price. I'm impressed in graphics so far. Too much blood, yay, more than DOOM, I like it. What a good game. The gameplay is same as DOOM. You like DOOM, you will like SW2. Recommend. Wohooo"
76561198324561727,Recommended,324800,26067386,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,The baked bagel,shadow warrior 2is an awesome gamewith amazing graphicsamazing gameplaygunsmore gunsand #### jokesdefinetly a  9.5/10
76561198160531304,Not Recommended,324800,26533832,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Rock_Xing,Connection error happens all the time during the multiplayer mode.This bug has not been fixed since game released.This game may need better servers.And the most seriously inconvience thing is this game does not have communication system.I cannot talk to other players when I play muiltplayer.At least let players can communicate to each other by typing.多人模式网络连接很不稳定，有的时候三个人联机，一到两关就会掉线儿，显示连接错误
,Recommended,324800,26015841,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Tadres,1 Wang /10
76561198066644985,Recommended,324800,26071587,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Cloud Strife,"Finally a game that came out this year that was not a total disappointment! Shadow warrior 2 is the♥♥♥♥♥♥This one liner nearly had me falling off my seat: If you guys keep getting uglier then i am gonna have to start killing you with a blindfold on.The gameplay is solid, Weapon choices are plenty, skill set and weapons upgrades are plenty as well. Some of the voice lines are funny as hell. Killing little bunnies just to have the bunny overlord seek justice on me was fantastic!So far 9/10 ..... Wangs out boys"
,Recommended,324800,26070882,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,AcidSnake87,"Great indie title that adds more the already great FPS gameplay of the previous Shadow Warrior. Granted the new loot system and open maps are a hit and miss, the smooth and fun gameplay more than make up it. The script is cheesy and the characters are forgetable but the action will always make you come back for more!"
,Not Recommended,324800,26021017,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Dehumanize,"retard devs patching their game to make it less fun, if you want to make it harder increase the enemies strength don't nerf the funnest weapon in the game, it's like the autists making this game forgot it's supposed to be satisfying to kill enemies, not a chore of chipping their hp away."
,Recommended,324800,26016924,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Nicknme,Goty
,Recommended,324800,26569055,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Paulie,who wants some wang?
,Recommended,324800,26236793,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Hugh Jassel,Ferry Vun.
,Recommended,324800,26872548,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Grisu,"Patch 1.1.7.0 added a Wang in Box, what more can you ask for.Pros:- Awesome melee combat. Smooth gameplay, better than the current Doom.- Great graphics and sounds.- Good voice acting.- Engine is quite scalable. 4K + 10 Bit HDR support.- Runs well on even older machines. Unlike many Bethesda games, such as Dishonored 2.- Drop in/out coop for up to 4 players.- Adult jokes with a strange sense of humor. ;)- Moderate pricing.Cons:- Borderlands like weapon upgrade system needs more work. Too much grinding and useless item drops.- Random level design isn't that interesting over time.- Enemies lack variety and please add more epic boss fights.- Too many bullets are needed to kill a normal enemy.Verdict:Good old-school shooter, if you like the kind of humor."
,Recommended,324800,29206364,Posted: 12 January,all,SnarlyTrain,Loved this game!I liked the campaign and stuff and the sword and the other stuff. Insanity 7???? WHAT!!!!!! bring em on
,Not Recommended,324800,34488580,Posted: 25 August,all,Esjael,"I really, really liked Shadow Warrior's 2013 reboot.It was irreverent, childish, fast, and bloody, but it also had heart.  Lo Wang's many wang jokes rarely got in the way of the story, or the more human (or demon) interactions the game had to offer.Shadow Warrior 2 is one of the most bloated, aimless games I've played in ages, and suffers greatly when compared to its predecessor.  Story really takes a back seat to childish humor this time, and this time it is BAD. And not just in the sense that it's overdone.  These jokes are bad from the start, and consist of little more than ""duty = doodie"" and ""My name means♥♥♥♥♥♥♥""  And they pour out of the protagonist's mouth CONSTANTLY.As for actual gameplay, it's really fun, for a while.  combat is fast and fluid, and the weapons are diverse and suitably over-the-top.  Sadly, the fun runs out.  Enemies don't vary too much, and are usually distinguished by different elemental resistances and larger sizes as you progress.  Levels are procedurally generated, and have a depressing sameness to them.  The loot system is poorly designed, too.  It really makes doing the math on stat bonuses just that... Doing math.  And you never really end up feeling like the time you spent doing the math mattered that much.All this to say: if you haven't played Shadow Warrior (2013), you should.  And if you came here because you loved that title... Give that one a second spin instead."
76561198014545649,Not Recommended,324800,26172754,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,demon,Crap After New Patch Not Fun Anymore
76561198074111270,Not Recommended,324800,34919943,Posted: 13 September,all,Boocheus,Looking past the sheer fun of cutting things up. This is one of the most shallow mistakes I have seen in a long time.Just play shadow warrior 1.Also the ending in this is so ♥♥♥♥ing bad.
,Not Recommended,324800,26127453,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,BayoBANG,"What was looking like an absolute blast to play turned out mediocre at best.Gunplay feels great at times, up to the point where you're filled to the core with pointless loot, most of which is literal junk. You will need a (very!) small portion of these items in order to fight tougher enemies posessing specific elemental or power resistances. It all seems great in theory, but when it comes down to fighting the game forces you to spend a vast amount of time in the upgrades menu micromanaging and fiddling around a very unintuitive loot system.Level design is barely existent, where the game is based on instances. These instances are basically a medium sized open level where there are pockets of enemies scattered around the land. There is no sense of progression in the level since ""pacing"" is an attribute this game severely lacks.There is also a hub, which serves no purpose whatsoever (apart from being a filler), where a menu could ultimately do the same job, if not better.I appreciate a looter shooter, I honestly do (check my playtime on Borderlands 2). If done right it can provide copious amounts of fun and awesome experiences. Problem is that Borderlands 2 does the looter shooter better than this game will ever do, whereas Shadow Warrior does the shooter bit better than Shadow Warrior 2 will ever have the pleasure to do.Extremely disappointing."
,Not Recommended,324800,28264532,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,creepyzebra,"The first Shadow Warrio was fantastic.The Shadow Warrior 2 is not.  It's an ugly game that is almost entirely joy-less.From the second the game starts, it's apparent that the magic of the first one has been lost. The shooting mechanics are loose and uninteresting. Enemies are just bullet sponges. The sword play has very little finesse now (long gone are useful combos). There is now an incredibly confusing upgrade system.The worst part is the weird open-world-but-not-really approach to the game. There are unintersting ""go here and collect this"" style side missions that you need to complete in order to level up enough for the real missions (or so the game says).Unfortunately, only get this game if it's on sale, or just play the first one again. If you want that old-school style FPS play the new Doom title."
,Recommended,324800,26015710,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Nihilus,"Lo Wang is still a f****g reTard :DSlash slash boom dead... love it :DOn negative thing:STAY AWAY FROM MULTIPLAYEROpen multiplayer is♥♥♥♥♥♥as hell! The roaster is full with games opened for 4 player and 3 player co-op, and there is only 1 player in every game( the Host) This makes the game a dying simulator.And in most of the time you will just sit in the town, since the Host is AFK or just playing with the upgrades, so you can't do♥♥♥♥♥♥So play only Solo or with friends in Co-Op"
,Not Recommended,324800,28261046,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,SouP,"Lost all of it's charm from the first one when it decided to be a Borderlands ripoff.  Guns are borings, enemies are boring, the levels are randomly generated so they are almost immediately repetitive. SKIP"
,Recommended,324800,26088692,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Pirunvirsi,Wangs out for Harambe.
76561197989183364,Not Recommended,324800,26208760,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Nicholas Cage's Hair from Conair,so they turned this game into borderlands. but just alot more messy. and i mean messy as in everything is just everywhere an annoying. just doesnt seem well organized
76561198043840880,Not Recommended,324800,28300665,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Bipolar Fish,Every enemy is a bullet sponge. There's really nothing to do after your first playthrough. A major downgrade in every conceivable way.
,Not Recommended,324800,32184309,Posted: 4 June,all,*PALE CROW*,i liked the first onethe mission areas makes you feel lost
,Recommended,324800,26055622,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,no,dis game bad becuz it not cod
76561198053488493,Not Recommended,324800,26362718,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,vladimir vladinsky,multiplayer is extrem ♥♥♥♥ed
76561197971735798,Not Recommended,324800,28456688,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,slayer366,"At first the game presents itself rather well and it plays nice and I was really enjoying it... up to a point.With the added elements that you could place in your weapons and overpowered enemies while being re-spawned directly back into death - this was a starting point for disaster.  At this point I'm going to spare most of the remaining details.After about three 'Levels' and in-game cutscenes discovering the game to be aggrevating and ""grindy"", I (among two other players who were playing at the time) gave up.  I thought I was supposed to be playing a shooter; not a looter!This is NOT what the original Shadow Warrior or the Shadow Warrior 2013 games were (and those were awesome I might add)!  This is a disappointment and I certainly wasn't playing a Shadow Warrior title at all!Too many developers are making random games while using familiar components just to give it the same game name.  That would be like buying a ticket to Star Wars and finding out you're watching ""Attack of the Killer Tomatoes"" instead, but was called Star Wars because Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader were somehow part of the film.  Doom 4 was cool, but it WASN'T DOOM!!!!  DON'T♥♥♥♥♥♥ON MY LEG AND TELL ME IT'S RAINING!  Devs are just throwing S*** at the wall now to see if it sticks!  It's sloppy and unacceptable!  I think I'm going to start asking for my money back each time this (using the same name for a totally different game) nonsense takes place!"
,Recommended,324800,26072575,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,HUSTI,good
76561197973173473,Not Recommended,324800,29279570,Posted: 15 January,all,sgreco1970,Not nearly as fun as the original and too buggy to play. Don't waste your money on this one.
,Not Recommended,324800,33310499,Posted: 6 July,all,Wafflecopter,"I can't recommend this game, sorry. My biggest issue with the game is that enemies will frequently drop these little metal statues that you can use to customize your weapons and give them things like extra damage or elemental effects like ice or acid damage. This is cool and all, but the game drops so many of them that it becomes completely overwhelming. Combine that with the fact that there's enemies which are resistant to certain types of damage, and you get a first person shooter where you're spending more time in the inventory changing up your loadout than you are in combat. I came to play an old-school FPS, not an RPG.Other than that, the combat isn't all that great compared to last year's Doom reboot or even Battlefield 1 for example, since everything seems kind of sluggish despite your movement speed. The weapons honestly feel like they have a lack of punch in some places, probably has something to do with the ""miss chance"" that the game calculates for every weapon in the game.I also looked up the ending for the game. Not going to say exactly what happens but I'm still marking it as a spoiler anyways. But it sucks. It's probably the single laziest way to end a game that I've ever seen in my life. It was genuinely disappointing, the first time I saw it I honestly thought it was a joke. Just go look it up yourself and if you think this game is worth buying based on it's gameplay alone then go ahead.I'm trying to get a refund now since I'm never touching this game again, although it probably won't go through since I've already spent more than two hours in it. What a waste of money."
76561197977899761,Not Recommended,324800,28344084,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Nimryl,"This isn't Shadow Warrior to me. I'm sorry but I loved Shadow Warrior 1 because it was a raw classic styled FPS done today.While do enjoy co-op and fact they've made it co-op.. I have to say that with the new stats and ability system, it's over the top. Doesn't feel like I'm playing a raw FPS; but more like new styled FPS MMORPG. (They've gone too far with it.)They don't need the stats, the gun varity/that much modification.. they should have let only the visuals tell the story as to what you've done to the enviroment/enemy (damage).Is it worth the money? Just about.Would I recommend it to a old school FPS'r? No. It missed the mark... and went further than it needed."
,Recommended,324800,26176653,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Fregatidae,Wangs out for Harambe
76561197982577039,Recommended,324800,32036802,Posted: 29 May,all,Lufka,The only benefit of buying this game is that I got a classic Shadow Warrior Redux in bundle
76561197992639212,Recommended,324800,26017071,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Angra  =[NuD]=,Its Like BorderLands but with LoWang
76561198079617948,Recommended,324800,26163816,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Vextroa,Yes. Buy. Worth.
,Not Recommended,324800,26600380,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,One X,"Boring, buggy, repetitive, unbalanced, unfunny sequel to a great game."
76561197982493406,Not Recommended,324800,35228858,Posted: 26 September,all,Flash,"Shadow Warrior 2 is a good game that you can enjoy playing with your friends, but sadly in the end I have to give the game a negative review. It is one of those games, you would love to give a neutral review. Bear in mind please, that this is my personal opinion.First of all Shadow Warrior 2 is a fps/rpg hybrid game, that focuses heavily on the multiplayer aspect. You kill monsters, gain karma (experience) and level up your character to your own likings. You gain new skills, weapons and new upgrade gems (Will talk about gems later). The game can be finished in around 15-30 hours.Lets talk about each aspect of the game.Story:You play as Lo Wang, which you already played in Shadow Warrior 1. The story itself isnt really overwhelming, but if you have played SW 1, you know about how funny and cool Lo Wang is. The story is often so ridiculous and Lo Wang spices the dialogues up in a funny way, that you really like to follow the story. Dont expect a great story like in Final Fantasy though. There are a few things you really saw coming, but in the end I liked the story. Not too good, nor too bad. Lots of funny lines. And yes I know. The game doesnt really focus on storytelling.My personal rating is 7/10Graphics:The graphics are pretty good. Weapons and the enviroments look gorgeous. Everything is really nice to look at. There is no real complain on this part.My personal rating is 8/10Sound:Not much to say about it. Its just kickass!My personal rating is 10/10Gameplay:Now this is where it kinda is a letdown, at least for me and my friend I played with.You will LOVE the first few hours. You will really LOVE to learn those fancy new moves and earn new weapons, to slice and blow up your enemies. You will drop new weapons and also gems that you can use to upgrade your weapons. You kill monsters and earn experience points to reach a higher level. Each level up comes with a skill point, which you can use to build your character to your own likings, like more health, more Chi (Which is the equivalent of mana) or melee strike moves and so on. Skills are either earned in quests, dropped by enemies or sold by the vendors. Unlike in other rpg games, you will drop a weapon only once. That means that you wont drop the same weapon twice, where one is a level 1 Shotgun, whereas the other is a level 10 shotgun. Best example for this is Borderlands 2, where you will farm the same weapon a lot of times, to have the weapon with higher base stats. But there is a way to upgrade the base stats of your weapons. For that, you will use gems. Gems affect your weapons and also your character in many ways. Lets start off with the elements. They can add one of 4 types of elements. These are as follows: Fire, Ice, Thunder and Toxic. You cant combine elements on your weapons though, so no fire ice akimbo pistol. Gems can also increase/decrease stats like critical hit chance, life steal, damage output and so on. You can also equip gems on your character, which will often give you bonuses like more xp or increased item drop chance and so on. Lets talk about the combat aspect. In SW2 you will choose between 2 types of fighting styles. Either you go full melee or ranged. Of course you can do both, but after a while, you will either love going full melee or ranged weapons. I went for full melee with stealth. Only in the beginning I used ranged weapons, which got totally obsolete, after I build my character for full melee combat with a 60% increase in melee damage but a 20% decrease in ranged weapon. While you progress in the story, you will learn new abilities. A total of 4, which will consume your Chi (Mana). For example, you will learn an ability to go invisible or to impale your enemies for a few seconds. The first few hours were so awesome, I played for 6 hours+ straight. Lots of tough enemies to kill and there are enough types of enemies to keep you entertained. Each monster has random attributes. For example, they can be immune to fire damage or immune to your spells (like impale). This means, that you have to arrange your equipment well for every situation. You see a fire demon? Use an ice weapon. Ice demon ahead? Use fire! Thankfully you can put 8 weapons on your shortcut keys. So you will always (hopefully) have one weapon with each element at least once. You might be thinking:"" This guy is praising the game so much, why the negative review?!"" Well the reason for that is simple. As I already said the game itself is really fun to play. That is, until you realize that there are like 4 maps in total, you will do over and over again. The only variation they come with are different types of monsters, a different sidequest, different chest locations (Which usually have money, ammo inside, RARELY weapons) or a different spawn point. Im serious. There are like 4 maps, you will see over and over again( I repeated myself here :O ). When you start the game you wont be noticing it, until you start doing sidequests. There is almost 0 variations to the maps. Each time I picked up a new sidequest, I was hoping to see something new, but it ALWAYS was one of those 4 maps. Once you did a few sidequests, it will feel like a deja vu. A never ending one. It turns into purgatory. For the first few hours, my friend and I always thoroughly cleared the maps, until we couldnt take it any longer. At around 60% of the game, we simply used vanish to go invisible and went from one objective to another, thus ending our boredom of seeing the same maps over and over again. The sidequests themselves are storywise ok-ish. But not their objectives. Go there and kill 10 monsters or pick up item x and deliver it to y. There are 3 types of quests. Main story, Sidequests and bounties. The main story is self explanatory, sidequests will have a little story to keep you interested. But bounties. My god... These are the worst. The first few bounty quests will be nice. They usually reward you with something interesting. Either a skill point (Actually EVERY quest rewards you with skill points, no matter if its a SQ,BQ or MQ) or sometimes even skills or new weapons. Normally it is a good idea to do bounties that reward you with new skills or weapons. But they become bland VERY fast. Each time I finished a main quest, I prayed to god that there was no new bounty quest. But my prayers always have been ignored. Lots of bounty quests. Lots of boring ""kill x amount of y type"" quests. If it wasnt for the side quests and bounties, the game wouldnt last longer than maybe 5-10 hours on your first playthrough (not really sure about this one. Im pretty sure that you can rush the game, once you know what to do) Dont get me wrong though. The combat system is satisfying as hell. It really is stylish and awesome, but unfortunately it isnt enough for me, to keep me entertained enough to play through the game more than once.And one big downside of SW2 multiplayer is, that it crashed. It crashed a lot. It crashed at least 5 times, which wouldnt be too much of a problem, if you wouldnt loose your progress. We had to repeat some of the annoying quests a few times because of this. Your progress is only saved if you go back to town or if Im not mistaken at checkpoints. There were also some EXTREME lags from time to time, for no particular reason. My PC isnt that new, but it also isnt a bad one either.Now before I conclude, I will list pros and cons:Pros:- Combat is fun.- Lo Wang is pretty funny.- Game is really fun, if played with friends.- You can slice and dice your enemies into pieces.- Lots of ways to customize your character.- The soundtrack is just awesome.- Lots of different weapons.- Cool eastereggs.- Returning characters from SW1.Cons:- Repetetive- Boring after a while.- Only 4 maps you will see.- Kinda easy, even on hard.- fps drops for unknown reasons.- crashes for unknown reasons.Final rating: 7/10"
76561198014869333,Not Recommended,324800,26170066,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻,Unable to join multiplayer games with people in the same house!
76561198141317281,Recommended,324800,26019227,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,RickMalmsteenBR,"It's like Doom, but FOUR TIMES more fun and FOUR TIMES cheaper."
,Not Recommended,324800,26541109,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Lion,"Boring repetitive game, you play on the same areas over and over again ."
76561198022018852,Not Recommended,324800,31656111,Posted: 9 May,all,LeoLiuos,"This review is based on a coop experience in case you are buying this just for coop.Graphics in this game are neat, very nicely done. However we played 3 person coop and the experience was awful. The enemies are bullet sponges. You loot all kind of trinkets to boost your ability to kill them faster, but not fast enough. The difficulty was done by cutting corners, instead of challenging ai or hordes of enemies or even less health for player, more punishment on death would've been enough for me, but bullet sponges... come on...The weapons are great and player movement is smooth, but your brain turns off after 15 mins of bulletspraying spongefest. Maybe this can be a good thing if you really enjoy bullet sponges.The ""jokes"" in the game are grinch-worthy, just plain awful. Whoever wrote the dialogue for this game shouldn't try writing anything remotely funny in the future, perhaps stick to drama dialogue. Definitely a downgrade from previous Shadow Warrior. Maybe the dialogues work for some, or they chuckle and clap because they paid for it, but I didn't laugh when Lo wang asked why the Smith is black and doing kung-fu. Was that supposed to be funny? Mostly these ""jokes"" just made me angry. At least for someone who isn't 12, I found the only thing remotely funny was the Smiths special Sword on the table which was at least a clear joke.We had to end our coop sessions for this game because it just didn't get any better and there wasn't any difficulty tweaking options to make it suit for us. Normal difficulty was too easy for 3 and on hard difficulty they last longer, which was more time consuming but NOT fun."
,Not Recommended,324800,26113932,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Frost,"A game with good melee, nice charakters and beautiful gunplay.All ruined by a loot system that cannot be skipped and wastes time with mostly bad loot.Also bulletsponges. ALOT of bulletsponges."
76561197971640510,Not Recommended,324800,28357361,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Huggles `,"As a SP FPS game goes, this is the worst I've played and that's quite difficult to do..Missions/maps aren't missions or maps, they're just arenas where the same enemies spawn randomly and infinitely while you go from side to side repeatedly because every mission finds some stupid way of getting you to walk across the same arena at least twice (example: you find a captured guy in a cage, he tells you the key is back where you started, so you walk all the way back and there again, with the randomly spawning enemies).I've never seen a game so lazily made. It's a multiplayer arena with bots that tells you it's a single player campaign.Comparing this with something like farcry3 is... well, that's a game and this is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
,Not Recommended,324800,26092658,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,TheCheekyTree,"It was fun the first few hours but falls flat very quickly once all the cracks start to show. I played the heck out of Shadow Warrior 2013 and it's sad to see that it has come to this. It's a SHIFT-mashing simulator, and a kick in the Wang to the Shadow Warrior franchise_____________COMBAT_____________The combat is different from Shadow Warrior 2013. No longer can you slash people in half and have them slowly peel away like a banana. No longer are you faced with unique enemies such as shield users, flying gargoyles etc - making you adopt a different playstyle. No longer are you scored on your performance after each battle. NoIt all boils down to how much DPS you can put on a target and how much you can mash SHIFT to dodge. It adopts more of a Borderlands-style combat system with number crunching, elemental damages, resistances etc. You will spend most of your time shooting at point-blank with a shotgun or minigun embued with high crit chance instead of doing ninja stuff. I didn't spend any skill points into the melee system at all.Despite this, the combat you do get is still very meaty and satisfying, your opponents often explode into chunks or take flying lessons. The chainsaws are done right. The shotguns are done right. Heavy weapons are done right. Swords aren't. Precision weapons aren't. Launchers aren't (big enemies dodge them). This just isn't what I was expecting from a Shadow Warrior game. Most enemies can blink, or they constantly jump around. (There's no denying this was so they could move around a randomly generated map)_____________MAP DESIGN (Or lack there of)_____________The randomly generated levels are the worst thing that could have happened to this game. They lack any sort of memorable set pieces or coherence. I spent 90% of my time looking at the minimap to find chests and coins as there was nothing happening on screen to keep my eyes forward. No natural paths to take you to your destination, instead you end up jumping over rooftops with no restrictions making a b-line to the quest location,To be more descriptive, the maps are basically a handful of medium-sized randomly generated arenas in which certain sections are 'instanced' depending on what quest you are on. You will be re-visiting the same maps and same locations within many many times throughout the game - none of which are all that unique or interestingThe secrets are uninspired. They often just involve an invisible wall somewhere.. there might be a hint such as an audio or lighting cue. If you re-visit the same map again for another quest you can go to back to the secret again and get the reward multiple times._____________MISSIONS_____________They are HORRIBLE. Literally just fetch quests and having to kill a cluster of enemies throughout the entire game, with some very easy boss fights thrown in. You can literally complete the main story within about 2 hours if you ignore the side missions. Enemies scale with you so you can do this easily._____________GRAPHICS/PERFORMANCE_____________The graphics as a whole are very nice.. every single piece of foliage moves and the shadows look awesome. The lighting through the trees - to the glowing Neo-Tokyo style streets - the weather effects...it looks great! Water is pretty bad though. The performance is silky smooth, running at 80fps/100fps with a GTX770... but sometimes this tanked to about 11 for brief moments later on in the game.It's not worth the asking price, get it on sale."
76561198056671082,Not Recommended,324800,26045221,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,burzul,"Lame. First person melee is a doubtful joy as is IMHO (except for DOOM), but here you also have no other option but to dash enemy attacks like crazy which only adds to the confusion as you soon loose any sense of where you are and the enemies were if the comabt is intense. Same happens when your health drops low - your vision gets darker and blood stained which is an issue in a cave dark enough already and will lots of objects to get stuck upon. You have a ""powerfull"" forward attack you can charge but to start that you need to press W+LMB then hold RMB - that forces you to spend a second approaching the enemy and getting attacked, since you can not dodge to the side at the time.Also got stuck after the possessed girl, not sure how one was supposed to figure out that you need to click something and where you need to click it, a statement that looks anything but a valid optionin that dialog..."
76561198065478338,Not Recommended,324800,26109307,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,PimpGamez,"Loot system sucks, spongy enemies that make melee weapons pretty much impossible to use without dying whenever you encounter a buffed up enemy, which makes you lose EXP, making you weaker WTF kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥is that."
76561198004884387,Not Recommended,324800,28973490,Posted: 3 January,all,Johnny 5,"It's like Borderlands.I HATE Borderlands.Get the first game, it's much different and far more enjoyable. Replayability doesn't mean♥♥♥♥♥♥when it's not fun to play the first time around."
76561198056352094,Recommended,324800,26102192,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,CriSpi.Xvw,wang
,Not Recommended,324800,26757508,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,TenmaTheGod,"It's kind of like a knock-off borderlands without any of the charm and unique characters. It's decent but it isn't very fun in comparison to borderlands or many other shooters. Even co-op has a bunch of ""you"" Lil Wangs running around. As funny as that sounds the games humor makes me want to groan. Maybe the 3rd title will be better but this one just isn't very fun for me. Admittedly, the gunplay is alright and the swordplay is solid as well but I'd recommend borderlands before you pick-up this."
,Not Recommended,324800,31873372,Posted: 20 May,all,Leyste,"Sadly not the game i expected, bought the game to play with a friend and even just trying to join his game or invite him by steam doesnt work, having to then make a open game. The story is funny but becomes kinda dull after a while and the ending seems like it leaves lacking something and not the excuse of oh its for a 3rd game would save it."
76561197995725101,Recommended,324800,27835588,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Tripfy,"28 hours to complete all main and sidequest missionshuge weapon variety, elemental dmg, crit build, skills systemvariety of different enemies and many interesting locationsgreat looking graphics with minimum of bugs, polished gamefunny jokes with which the game is filledcoop with your friends, do all missions together"
76561197970004695,Not Recommended,324800,26207219,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Hovis,"It's a bit of an FPS, it's a bit of an action RPG, and it's kind of not brilliant at either. I'd take it over Borderlands, don't get me wrong, it's certainly has it's charm, but falls a bit flat after a few hours.Would recommend if you can get a bunch of mates together and pick up a copy each during a sale or something, it's definitely got a good couple of evenings in it as a co-op game.Wouldn't recommend it as a single player game though and doubly not at full price. Just don't think it is offering much that other games don't."
,Not Recommended,324800,31905402,Posted: 22 May,all,Яичный Шмель,nu tak sebe
,Recommended,324800,26015515,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,TarmSpräckarn,The main menu music gave me the greatest wang ever. 10/10 would sit at the main menu just to listen to music.
,Not Recommended,324800,26631203,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,lubar91,"I have a pretty good computer, but I had to run it on low.  It was buggy, lagging, and it really hurt my eyes because of those issues."
,Recommended,324800,26170981,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Alberny,#WangsoutforHarambe
,Recommended,324800,26101569,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Lionhead,Gore.Guns.Humor 9/10
,Not Recommended,324800,29663729,Posted: 2 February,all,Maragorass,"I went into this with high expectations. The gameplay I watched looked interesting and fun, and in spite of how I trust TotalBiscuit I hoped to God he was wrong. I wanted to really enjoy this game.Unfortunately, he was right. The game forces itself way too hard. Wang has potential to be funny, but the game takes off way too fast without any sort of buildup or subtlety. Even playing for just 45 minutes, I'm already bored to tears. While the one-liners can be funny, hearing a billion of them every minute gets -really- annoying.The gameplay is all run-and-gun. That, and melee. No stealth, no taking cover, none of that. Run around and shoot enemies. Rambo 100% of the way. If that's your thing, then congrats. Otherwise, you're gonna be dissapointed with your gameplay options.On the upshot, the art direction of the game is fantastic. Environments are beautifully crafted and feel unique."
,Recommended,324800,26085460,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,mryesgun,Shadows warrior 2 > Ninja fruit
,Not Recommended,324800,26653445,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Solid Lore,"Misses the mark on being a Borderlands style loot/drop in & out experience, then misses the mark of having a Shadow Warrior gameplay or narrative. It pains me but I can't recommend it."
76561198224917820,Not Recommended,324800,30387801,Posted: 8 March,all,CN ZhangG,"no story in the gm.just kill kill kill ,and cut sth to pieces.没什么意思."
76561198053236570,Recommended,324800,26015538,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Hop2it,"Im really enjoying playing with my wang, Very easy to keep up and I like that I can play in areas that I have been before, pretty fast pace and hard. great game."
76561197992513801,Recommended,324800,26024436,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Grailer,Best Game Ive played All year . Much Better than Doom
76561198080561395,Not Recommended,324800,26180234,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,-DnD- Chaozmuffin,Nice patch lulHow to make a game less fun:Step 1 NERF EVERYTHINGStep 2 GIVE ENEMIES MORE HEALTH AND RESStep 3 REMOVE ALL SKILLPOINTS EARNED IN NG+Step 4 GRIND GRIND GRINDDo NOT buy
,Not Recommended,324800,28264972,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,☭,"sure would be nice if co op worked, nobody seems to have an answer"
,Recommended,324800,28433875,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Frendle,It's like DooM on crack.
,Not Recommended,324800,28444438,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,SoulForMachine,"They used to have it all, then they ♥♥♥♥ed up and tried an open world."
,Not Recommended,324800,28296200,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,PizzaWizard,It's like borderlands only not funny and boring.
,Recommended,324800,31844708,Posted: 19 May,all,Spice Must Flow,What Borderlands would be like without Anthony Burch and Randy Pitchford ♥♥♥♥ing and cucking everything up.
,Not Recommended,324800,30591823,Posted: 18 March,all,jon-h86,This a great game but its frequent crashed render the player nervous when playing. The cutscences are by the far the worst with the game crashing on most cutscenes. This forces the player to refight bosses enemies etc. Needs to be fixed.
76561198271907735,Recommended,324800,29577174,Posted: 29 January,all,MR.BONES WILD RIDE,Asian stereotype joke
76561198016023520,Recommended,324800,34442219,Posted: 23 August,all,LiL*MissShitLips,10/10
,Recommended,324800,34553232,Posted: 28 August,all,Poncho™,You play as the japanese version of deadpoolp.s Don't get confused with the mixed ratings those are ching chongs upset about no chinese translations
,Not Recommended,324800,26636731,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Master Kosa,"So I've finished this game after just 17 hours of rather slow gameplay and I have to say that compared to the first one I'm kind of disappointed.I've played it in single player since I do not care for co-op or multiplayer.This game can be characterized by two words: repetitiveness and over-complications where it does not have to be.  We've got about five different environments.. well more like 5 maps where all missions happens, you'll find yourself going to several locations multiple times and what's worse all story and secondary missions are kind of the same. There's more of ""deja vu"" moments than ""wow"" moments. In first game every mission was kind of original, you've visited the same place only in few specific occasions.There are only 3 bosses and the last one is laughably easy.Death means nothing in this game... yes you lose some money and xp but it does not matter since you have more than enough of both. Takes away the challenge. You cannot die when you fall. No save/load...And the story which was especially latter part of the first game something that made me go forward, to see how it will all end... yes there is story, but all characters are unlikable, no strong moments, no powerful finale like first game.Authors added gem crafting which is absolutely useless, a lot of weapons that sadly crushed the feeling of happiness of finding or upgrading a weapon to a more powerful one... Also weapons are terribly unbalanced: Mele weapons almost useless, good pump-up shotgun, gauss gun and good machine gun with RPG for bosses were all that I had used, the rest I've tried but found useless.Graphic and sounds were fine, except for that hi-tech city environment - too much lights.Overall this game failed where the first one ruled: mission design, weapon design and balance (I've loved katana and what I could do with it in the first game) and most of all story. Even Wang had better character design in first one, in this he was written as a immature brat...For me it is 4,5/10 for those who liked first game and thus not recommended, for those who did not play the first game it would be 6/10 but I'd recommend them to go and play the first one, it is much better."
,Not Recommended,324800,29453132,Posted: 23 January,all,Kim Jong-Fun,"The multiplayer sucks wang, big, juicy,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥dribbling wang"
,Not Recommended,324800,31814438,Posted: 17 May,all,ChristmasSocks,"Dissapointing ending and too short, but the game isn't supposed to be focused on that. The game feels the same after a few missions but the gunplay is still pretty good and the dialogue saves the day every mission. Dont buy if its not on sale."
,Not Recommended,324800,30417496,Posted: 9 March,all,Mr.Boogie,Good for alittle but the mood of the maps kills it for me and it gets boring about 1 hour in.
76561198136843903,Not Recommended,324800,28238934,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,John Wick,please hear me this is is really short really really  short easy you don't get alot of  weapons and the story is♥♥♥♥♥♥short and iam only playing this game becuase i can't refund it so yea don't buy it
,Recommended,324800,26073321,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Bobbe,.
,Not Recommended,324800,29876281,Posted: 12 February,all,deadlyseven,"Tough thumbs down for me. Fun game at first, but levels are pretty short and repetitive. Gun management system / upgrades could have been better laid out. Tons of HP and Ammo restore points where there is no challenge. Combat got so boring I found myself just running and sprinting to get the objectives done. Did most sidequests and beat the mainstory in just a few hours. Get it on sale.Edit:I should clarify, I bought on steam and returned. I was then gifted it on GOG and played through at a friends behest."
,Not Recommended,324800,31097941,Posted: 12 April,all,SpookyDiaboliC,"not bad SO FAR, but it isn't as catchy as the first game."
,Not Recommended,324800,29352453,Posted: 19 January,all,TooOldForGaming,"BooooooooorrrriiiiiiiiingggggggEither it's amazingly hard if you use guns, or it's amazingly easy if you use melee weapons, with absolutely no middle groundVery few levels, new ""area's"" just make the old area's bigger, and they are not that fun to explore to bootWeapons are extremly lackluster with no impact at all so you just spend the whole time whittling down enemies HP till dead"
76561198269212861,Not Recommended,324800,26441824,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Mongolian Beef Curtains,"The screenshots looks great, but the game is much darker than they make it seem. The trailers look smooth and crisp, but the game stutters a lot. If you are expecting a continuation from the first game, you're going to be disappointed. I had high hopes for this game but I was let down. I returned the game and will buy it again when it's below $10."
76561198162410567,Recommended,324800,26020941,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Awkward winkyface,"Verdict: 9/10This game is really, really good. I wasn't sure what to expect when buying. I'm not too much into super cheesy one liners all over my game like Duke nukem. Or a Borderlands game where the combat has zero impact, and the fun comes from nothing but grinding new loot. No fan of insane messy shooters like Serious Sam in addition. In other words; I shouldn't be having a blast with this gameBut I do. The game is a nuance of all the above. The combat feels like it has impact, and is actually pretty skill based(in contrary to Borderlands). Lo Wang, the main character, isn't a completely flat character like I expected him to be(he actually shows some sympathy, and tries flirting with the girl stuck in his head for the duration of several missions). The jokes are cheesy, but not annoyingly so. There're a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of weapons, and even more upgrades. You're pretty much free to play the way you like.The game is huge. All maps are non linear, and some randomly generated. Plentiful varying enemies. Incredibly good sountrack(honestly, you'll be impressed). Extremely well optimized.This game is the biggest positive surprise of a game I've bought in years."
,Recommended,324800,28197668,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,The Prince of Darkness,Ever miss the days of the old. When u were the cair free badass hero who makes everything look good. Well In shadow warrior 2 u are once more. The attatude that the heros a badass and just dosent cair and is cocky as hell. Fight cyborgs. Spawn of hell. mutated animles. Yuakuza.  Games got great humer too. Its kinda like serius sam if he was a japanese ninja named Leo Wang. Utilize Guns ur trusty sword and chi.  its fun u can free roam not one big map but u can go back to mini maps u have completed and just kill♥♥♥♥♥♥for fun.
76561198014659127,Recommended,324800,34420878,Posted: 22 August,all,The Mogadon Moustache,The best game on earth.
,Not Recommended,324800,26350878,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,OrangeSpy,Borderwang 2...
76561198028313354,Not Recommended,324800,30459140,Posted: 11 March,all,FUUUUUUUU,sadly i realy realy wanted to give a good review but frequent crashes means i cant even get to the second level and i stoped trying so i could get a refund its a good game for what i played but the crashes ruin it
76561198013097205,Not Recommended,324800,26199908,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Flyingpizzaslice,Good game until they patched it because now i don't have a sword that can kill the minor things i was thinking i'd use a sword for the small to large to elite to superior then use guns for the bosses but nope not anymore now im just not gonna play the game because they nerfed the ONLY sword that doesn't get BLOCKED by the enemy and cause a good amount of damage instead i get nothing honestly i was hoping they would make the Ryuken use legendary or demonic damage modifiers because honestly THAT would of been a good sword after the patch
76561198081290222,Recommended,324800,26029460,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Snoop D00gs WeEd DEaler,Wangs out for Harambe!
76561198067043581,Not Recommended,324800,26060121,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Ian Mckeller,"So i played though the first Shadow Warrior and loved it. So i thought the Shadow Warrior 2 would be a great game too. But as i played though the whole game everything started to get repetitive and i found mysrlf finding ways to skip fight by going around them or invisable. Also, the questioning means were more like GTA 5 then the original Shadow Warrior. The game felt like i was playing a GTA 5 with WOW fighting and rewards which i am not a fan of. Then, while the areas are big-ish here were only around 3 to 4 areas and they get BORING quick. Finally, i think the game was moving away from swords the trademark if the game and made guns your primary means to servive though the game ( on higher difficulties). So i would say this is a good game i enjoyed it and played though all of it and i would rate the game around 4.5 out of 10. Just don't go into the game thinking it would be like the first. I would not recommend if you are not a fan the Shadow Warrior or RPG's. Stupid Chi bar hate you so much."
,Recommended,324800,29587376,Posted: 30 January,all,MaxnumzHSGz,Good
,Not Recommended,324800,26028645,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Al Djeafnte,"EDIT:  I actually want a refund now.  They ""rebalanced things"" which literally undid hours I spent on quests to get more skill points, and then into higher difficulties, enemies can be immune to every damage type but one, making basic combat impossible.It's not ""borderlands"" outside of the elemental system.  Which just puts exploding barrels everywhere of every element.Gunplay is weak, but you get infinity +1 ""gems"" to modify it, which is fine, except there's no good management system for these, no sorting by modification, just auto sorts by prefix.  No sense of what gem can go in what gun, etc.Combat is sparse and doesn't feel marginally as impactful as the first game.The humor is still present, but extremely infrequent.Graphical settings appear to work differently for different players.  On Ultra, I'm getting jaggy edges and muddy textures.There are 2 recycled tilesets, only using a third for some story missions.The game lacks any of the humor the first did, making Wang seems purposefully childish instead of merely having an immature wit.And, the game doesn't even keep track of what you know is happening, some quests referring to other past events as if you didn't take part in them.My review in summaryhttp://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/253717471683100882/450F1D9792ECA0ACD4FA13A7ECEC816DB10DF374/"
,Not Recommended,324800,26063366,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,TellMe,horrible game for co-op
,Not Recommended,324800,26063382,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Smittyncrew,"The game's multiplayer is actually WORSE than the singleplayer. Obviously not designed for multiplayer and is very low quality, like it was tacked on near the end of development. :(((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((("
,Not Recommended,324800,26147706,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Zefar,"I loved the first one and I wanted to have fun in this one. But this one have a massive amount of boring loot that is just making the game a bore.If I have to play through most of the game to get the good gems it means they have failed. They are not fun because it's just a minor boost at the moment.Increasing the difficulty makes the enemies far bigger bullet sponges because the mods needed for that difficulty are further in.Sure the game looks good, the weapon looks good, the revolver sounds like♥♥♥♥♥♥though, animations are good and so on.But the loot ruins all of it. Shadow Warrior should go back to the previous system they used. Far better, far more fun and rewarding than picking up some shiny idols.Also all secrets I've found so far have only been like 5000 gold which is utterly useless."
,Not Recommended,324800,29985460,Posted: 17 February,all,prtycruz,I already forgot this game existed
76561198156015920,Not Recommended,324800,26107766,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Monkey Magic,its a boring version of borderlands..
76561198008563125,Not Recommended,324800,26588185,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Rip_Ri1ey,"Prepurchased this game. 3 weeks later, still doesnt work"
76561198028079261,Not Recommended,324800,26046821,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,XHNK,"Weak arsed weapons, poor graphics, lack luster enviroments. Defiently a Border Lands clone, with bad rpg elements (actually extremly similar elements) with no true single player and not as imersive as the 2013 reboot. The reboot had impressive artwork, decent voice work and wide open enviroments. Recommend buying when in sale bin than at full price."
,Not Recommended,324800,35043192,Posted: 18 September,all,Crankthulhu,"Mediocre, but could've been amazing.Feels incredible early on but the more you play, the more the fun is sucked out by a poorly executed loot system, randomized enemy attributes, melee weapons being too OP, and the fact that the game is trying to ape from Borderlands rather than being it's own thing.Get on 50% sale only."
,Not Recommended,324800,30298095,Posted: 3 March,all,Tasker 2016,"Tedious garbage loot system, enemies that are bullet sponges, constant switching to the right elemental weapon to reduce the bullet sponginess, and dreadfully obnoxious characters and story to mash the skip button through.Nice movement and semi-decent melee combat don't salvage this."
,Not Recommended,324800,28440240,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Macabre,"Sad. Shadow Warrior 2013 was one of my favorite games out of thousands.Shadow warrior 2 is a mess.(If you don't want to read a long rant scroll down)Its worst crime is it has severe optimization issues, and before you ask well maybe my pc cant handle it? it can. In fact on release my pc played the game flawlessly at 80 fps, with no lag no fps drops, nothing, it was great. only one problem, that’s for single player only. On release multiplayer was so horribly broken it to several patches before it was even playable, and now that multiplayer finally works? well the games overall stability is horrible. I can run the game fine most of the time (by that I mean at 10-20 fps lower than I used to, but certain things are buggy, in fact several of the weapons I have can cause the game to drop the fps down to 1 for up to 2 minutesThe story was just terrible, well why that matter in this game genre? Because ironically the first game had a really solid story that drew you in and made up for its somewhat shoddy old school mechanics. actually the only thing Shadow warrior 2 has going for it is that its combat system is polished and a lot of fun minus the cringe worthy element system.Then there’s the so called replayability.  You know what was great about borderlands? It had difference characters, tons of different challenges, and WAY more content. The problem with this game is it has far to little content I can do everything in one play through very easily, and in a 2-3 hours at that. There’s no point to making difference characters in this game, since there is no classes you can unlock ALL the skills at a high level or respect at any time. You don’t find any different gear or weapons, you don’t find anything new enemies or quest. It literally just a level grind to max out all skills. Which even if you do there no point since there is no end game. The new DLC they added literally takes 30 minutes, and give horrible rewards other than 1 new weapon unlock, making it even less worth while to spend time in overthe normal missions.Anyway I could write five pages on what’s broken with this game or falls short, but here a list of pros and cons.-CONS--horrible optimization-mission breaking bugs still exist though rare-horrible UI for player inventory-Very grindy-lack of content-multiplayer progression only Counts for host-Bad story-Linear (yep may be random generated maps, but you still have to do them in order, there is no world explore all mission are separate levels)-Many minor bugs still in the game-PROS--very satisfying combat-tons of settings customization options-Lo Wang is in it (yep I’m counting that because I can’t think of anything else)"
76561198018175366,Not Recommended,324800,29453179,Posted: 23 January,all,WhiteCiderRider,AN ABSOLUTE WANGER OF A GAME (and not in a good way) i.e borderlands with terrible♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes.
76561198043053799,Not Recommended,324800,26084690,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,holychair,"If you liked ""Shadow Warrior 2013"" because  it successfully brought back all the essential features of oldschool nostalgia, please take a moment to read this before pressing the ""buy""-button for its sequel. What you have to know and consider is that ""Shadow Warrior 2"" may still look like ""Shadow Warrior 2013"" on screenshots (and it even looks better), but it is a very different kind of game.It's now more or less like ""Borderlands"": An FPS action-RPG with tons of ""loot"", overbearing RPG-like weapons/skills upgrade-system, bullet-spongy enemies, and a ""hub"" with ""missions"" set in semi-procedurally generated settings (instead of a string of linear hand-crafted levels like we used to see in times of the original  ""Duke Nukem"" and ""Shadow Warrior"" games).Whereas most people seem to see these changes as clear and welcome improvements over the game's predecessor, I for one can't. What I want and expect from a ""Shadow Warrior"" game is the simple yet addictive 90ies formula to first person shooters, just with upgraded graphics and handling - something that ""Shadow Warrior 2013"" did so convincingly.As ""Shadow Warrior 2"" actually starts out like a traditional ""linear"" FPS, it took me a few hours to notice that something's ""off"", but when I got to the ""hub"" and suddenly received fetch-quest ""side missions"" from NPC, all the fun evaporated in a mere matter of minutes.I own all ""Borderland"" titles. I tried to like them - like everyone else seemed to -, but eventually had to admit I simply didn't and couldn't. A gazillion of modifiable weapons and endless looting and grinding is just not my idea of fun. In my opinion, less is more here: I would have been very happy with a few carefully placed upgrades and weapons I can look forward to.Also, the  more I play ""Shadow Warrior 2"", the more I notice that it was quite obiviously designed with 4-player co-op in mind - at least that would explain why, in single player mode, vast stretches of the maps feel beautiful-but-empty: They had to cut on enemies to balance the campaign for when there's no friends to help you.Despite the ""thumbs down"" icon, I am ready and willing to agree that ""Shadow Warrior 2"" is not a bad game as such, though - in fact the overwhelmingly positive feedback is certainly quite justified IF you appreciate the translation of the ""Borderlands"" concept into a (refreshingly) different setting.But if you're like me, and rather want to enjoy some oldschool FPS gaming nostalgia: You have been warned!PS: For comparison's sake, I'm now playing ""Shadow Warrior 2013"" again too. This game would have been almost perfect if it only hadn't cut the bossfight with the Kyokagami Sisters everything seemed to lead to at one point. Playing both games side by side, I also realize how much better the story of ""Shadow Warrior 2013"" was - I miss Hoji and his snide comments!"
76561198024473096,Not Recommended,324800,26096868,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Holy War Harry Here,"Alright so I have about 15 hours in this game so far on Insane difficulty, which amounts to around 60% story completion. I can easily sum this game up in a few sentences or rather questions.Do you like fighting the same enemies on every single level?Do you enjoy the feeling of DeJa Vu, which comes from repedative actions?Do you enjoy falling through the world or getting stuck inside walls due to poor design and flaws around every corner?Do you enjoy earning massive in game currency and then wondering WTF it is actually for, or wondering why they even included it in the first place?Do you like fast paced blurry combat which relys on using the same moves over and over again to kill your enemies?Would you like to hear almost funny jokes about this guys wang and how low it is?Do you prefer to run around maps that are completely empty except for the random, repedative enemies that spawn in groups and all behave the same every time?If you have answered yes to any and or all of these questions, pull out your wallet because you are in for a treat. All jokes aside this game is terrible, I could see myself completing the campaign and attempting to jump back into multiplayer, but that requires gear and possible farming. Which wouldn't bother me much if it wasnt so repedative. In 15 hours I've been stuck inside structures and or falling though the floor at least once every 2 hours. I am not trying to get into secret spots, or abuse the games design. I am simply traversing building and or running from enemies when this occurs.The game attempts to resemble DOOM and all of its glory, however it falls short. Alot of the levels are are reguritated and feel all too familiar. Exampe I completed two seperate missions, both although supposidly different areas and storys both ended up in the same final area. Whats the difference between the two areas you say? They simply removed boxes from one and opened a door. AMAZING, INNOVATIVE, well worth the money I made selling DOTA items to nerds via the market place, to buy this game.I would skip all of the hype and jump on twitch or something, to preview someone playing this. To be frank, the majority of combat is a complete blur as I dash in and out of harms way. To charge my over used abilities, which either one hit kill people, or do little to no damage at all. The majority of my time is used to sort through all of the useless crap that drops during each mission.In closing, there were parts of this game that I enjoyed, some of the jokes we're funny, and some of the death animations we're visually pleasing. However these are short lived, and do not add depth to this game. I will conduct a follow up review once the game is complete. I hope this helps anyone on the rope's."
76561197992999760,Not Recommended,324800,26154084,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Shrapnel,"You done ♥♥♥♥ed it up.Game was off to a good start. Now they are trying to claim that they made a mistake and have1- significantly increased the difficulty of the mobs and their resistances now its basically mandatory to put an element on all your weapons as damn near all boss mobs are immune to physical damage. BAD CALL.2- significantly decreased the player's ability to scale up with the new difficulty by stopping them from getting any additional points from any missions in their consecutive new game+ BAD CALL.There's no incentive (for me) to keep playing as the amount of time it takes to now level to get the skill points simply isnt worth the now extra long times to kill mobs.And while Im at it, I'll go on about their garbage upgrade system. In essence it works likes this:'Throw 500 upgrades at them, in 2% increments and in varying, randomly useless combinations...and then let them sort that♥♥♥♥♥♥out in between their missions. Or something'There are like 25 different named upgrades and like only 3 of them are worth a damn, the rest just suck. Most looted upgrades will come with 2 good stats and 1 really♥♥♥♥♥♥one, rendering it useless (usually a -% to overall dmg of the weapon). Would have been better simply rewarding random, but actually USEFUL upgrades at the end of missions in lieu of cash.Now when you try to play Insane, scrub mobs take 5 mins to solo and anything higher than than will have a laundry list of restances and invulnerabilities and regen . Which would have been fine, if you DIDNT REALEASE THE GAME IN A TOTALLY DIFFERENT FORMAT.One week later you want to turn the game into DarkSouls. You ♥♥♥♥ed it up. Anyway you slice it.Either you should have fixed this before people thought this was how the game was going to be(fun, fast paces, tearing through levels) and in that case I could just go buy DiabloThey ♥♥♥♥ed it up. Maybe if they patch this it might be worth a try again, until then, dont bother."
,Not Recommended,324800,26076912,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Geras,"Been only playing this game in coop; it's not very optimized (me being the client). Wait for a patch.Moreover, melee combat is rather bad if you're playing on the hardest diffculity, especially on the mini-boss and boss fights, the game makes you switch to range in order to survive.Plus coop achievements are bugged, beat the game on the hardest difficulty yet received nothing whereas my friend did.I'm slightly dissapointed."
,Not Recommended,324800,26118196,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,NiclasWK,"I didn't feel like playing it, its just hitting with a sword and shooting in every mission.."
76561197984611812,Not Recommended,324800,26223270,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,I_am_Cocktus,"1. Combat does not present any challenge even on highest difficulty except for not falling asleep from boredom.2. Unimaginative fetch quests on par with some old school 1999 MMO3. Horrible loot. Not to mention unwanted.There is more, but  i honestly think that this alone would be enough."
,Not Recommended,324800,30093534,Posted: 21 February,all,Nelict,I'm not recommending it because i don't want my friends to have as much fun as i do while playing this game. #420Blazeit
,Not Recommended,324800,26056095,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Il Signore Oscuro,ottimizzato male scosiglio gameplay decisamente banale
76561197972369732,Not Recommended,324800,30636898,Posted: 20 March,all,tanelorn,"I'm not sure why I purchased this game given that I gave a negative review for the first one.  I guess it was because I enjoyed the 3drealms version back in the day and this one was supposedly much different from Wild Hog's first try.I didn't realize that I'd signed up for a totally mindless shooter.  It's simply running and gunning, no thought necessary.  That may appeal to some, given that the game looks fine and plays smoothly, but not for me.They included weapon mods and elements which could have added that needed strategic part of the game, the problem is that the interface to apply these things to the various weapons is absolutely confusing and horrible.  So much so that I didn't think it was worth the effort to attempt to decipher it.  After a typical battle, I may have 10+ new items which could potentially be applied to my weapons.  The thought of going through all of these after every battle, given the game's interface for doing so, would have been so much of a chore that I stopped bothering after a few hours of gameplay.So, that all being said, it's simply not my cup of tea.  If you like mindless shooters (and this game makes Borderlands 2 look like it was designed by MENSA), and enjoy fighting wave after wave of the same enemies over and over...then go for it.Personally for me 3 out of 10."
,Not Recommended,324800,33989383,Posted: 3 August,all,Squee Spleen Spoon,"played the first one, over joyed with it and in my haste i got this♥♥♥♥♥♥before checking out reviews.If you played SW 1 just stay there and enjoy what you did with it. Dont buy this game if you want a good continuation of the story it ain't in SW 2.-horrible loot system-some weird crafting system-some sort of inventory system with more weapons but now you have to keep track of a bunch of numbers instead of just picking up what you like and running and gunning.-more skills but also many tailored towards the inventory buisness.-weird and loose story that didn't really stick together.-Horrible weird ending that leaves mostly questions about why you did anything at all in the game in the first place."
76561198143294223,Not Recommended,324800,29132240,Posted: 8 January,all,Bradow ®,I did not like this game my opinion
,Not Recommended,324800,34965044,Posted: 14 September,all,plateofshrimp93,Just play the first one in the reboot series. The loot system is a joke and every enemy is an absolute BULLET SPONGE. Tedious and boring.
76561198004228550,Not Recommended,324800,31858795,Posted: 20 May,all,johngonzalez,This game looks great problem is keeps shutting me down at a certain spot every darn time. Had to remove the game as it kept happening every time early in the game.
76561198059422948,Not Recommended,324800,28773788,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,froge,"for some reason the graphics look really fuzzy even with everything maxed out, refunded it just becuase of how it looks like a game from 2012"
,Not Recommended,324800,26705280,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Miqi,I tried it and went for a refund.The endless dashing mechanic is completely pointless and only makes the character extremely strong against any opponents that can't teleport and chases after you.Never played a shadow warrior game before but picked the hardest difficulty and facerolled the first 1.5 hours.Then I got bored.Overhyped.For the price of 37eu nope.This is more of a 20eu title.And lets not begin talking about the humour in the game.So cheesy. so Americanised.
,Not Recommended,324800,26197974,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,eulogy,Two words: Bullet sponges.
,Not Recommended,324800,26100638,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Vipus,"Shadow Warrior 2 can be a ridiculous fun game at first, especially thanks to its visceral combat, but after playing it for some time I can't help but feel it was a huge disappointment compared to its predecessor.Unlike the 2013 version, which was a more linear story focused FPS, Shadow Warrior 2 is a procedurally generated loot based shooter focused on Coop with story being an afterthought.The fact that levels are procedurally generated means that there's hardly any incentive to explore and that more often then not you'll be seeing the same map templates repeat themselves over and over again. Also, while there is a considerable amount of weapon variety to find (each with their own stats and visuals), most of the loot is composed of weapon mods with boring stats boots that quickly fill your inventory with useless junk. There are a few more interesting mods that add abilities such as dual wielding or explosive/multi//charge shots, but they are restricted to only a few weapons and are severely under powered when compared to the previously mentioned stat boosts.The Coop is bare bones and, as of now, still pretty buggy. Furthermore, there's really no incentive to play with a friend since the game is easy enough by yourself even on the hardest difficulty and having a buddy only makes the enemies more bullet spongy.Story was also a big letdown, especially since the last game had a surprisingly good one. Here, even the so called ""story missions"" have hardly any story to them. You're mostly doing boring fetch quests with the minimal amount of context with a few, albeit brief nods to the first game.In my opinion, this sequel's lower retail price doesn't really excuse it's repetitive nature, boring loot, bare-bones Coop and weak story. Flying Wild Hog knew they had an inferior game and that's probably why they charged less for it.However, it can still be extremely fun experience sometimes - especially thanks to it's combat, that is so much more fast paced this time -  so if you're a fan I'd recommend getting this when it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,324800,26562786,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,pung,overrated
,Not Recommended,324800,31863936,Posted: 20 May,all,Entropic,There is an option for an invite only game launch but it does not work. I cant recomend a game that is nearly a year old and still has such a base feature not working.
76561198007363210,Not Recommended,324800,35002434,Posted: 16 September,all,Uncle Magic,"The inventory management and UI sucks so hard, to the point that it ruins an otherwise good game."
76561198063050553,Not Recommended,324800,26057168,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,BryanTehHero,"I was expecting Shadow Warrior 2. Not some borderlands type game with barely any story, lame level design, and a lack of comedy that the first one had. Some cutscenes just teleport you to a place and your like wtf happened?"
,Not Recommended,324800,26159464,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,JetBoom,"Took shadow warrior and turned it in to borderlands. Boring, clunky, floaty. If you like stat sheets and grind rather than classic action you'll love it."
,Not Recommended,324800,35163745,Posted: 23 September,all,spicy meat,lots of fps drops unplayable most the time i do not recommend this game and its very unoptimize and it crashes alot
,Not Recommended,324800,26062610,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,hot hentai babe,stop looking at the bad reviews and GET THIS GAME!!!so fun not even joking
76561198026579551,Not Recommended,324800,26081688,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,respeckt_wh@men,Don't get the hype. Boring and repetitive
,Not Recommended,324800,28255995,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Funky Boy,"cons:-story is incoherent at best-sidekick lady is the most ♥♥♥♥♥y person i've ever heard in a videogame, maybe like 6 or 7 jokes in the entire runtime-there are 4 ""levels"" in the entire game that are admittedly beautiful but get boring very quickly-level design is a ♥♥♥♥.... it is nearly impossible to navigate a level without prior knowlege-the writing is far less funny or present in this game compared to the last-cant search for specific effects in the augment menu-did i mention kamiko is the most infuriating character ive heard in quite a while-why do all these yakuza have thick american accents?-i spend half my game time unslotting upgrades for one gun and putting them in annother-game crashed 4 times in my 10 hour first playthrough-no hoji no life-borderlands-esque system of coulerd damage numbers mean you gotta fumble around in yer inventory mid fight bucause you need a specific status to fight a big ♥♥♥♥ing cancer-monster that is running you down-music is some weak♥♥♥♥♥piss-poor crap, I reccomend putting on the anarchy reigns ost for actual fighting musicpros:-guns shoot good-many gun, many shoots-levels r purrdy-climbing and no fall damage-lots of blud-even though it crashes a tonn when its not the game actully runs quite wellconclusion:can someone please explain the story to me? I feel like i need a 39 page pdf and a family tree for it to make sense"
,Not Recommended,324800,26172953,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,eNF,Boring. Runs average. Not worth the price.10/10 Refund after 3 hours gameplay.
,Not Recommended,324800,26056200,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,eric,beat the game twice in less than 10 hoursall missions look the same and are repetitiveminecraft has a better storylinenone of the jokes are funny
,Not Recommended,324800,26078444,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Prochilles,Would recommend to others but not for the price of the game.Fun game.Probably worth around $10-$20.Few weapons.Greatest end boss music.No real replay incentive.Played 2 days and it seems I'm pretty much geared out for 'Insane' mode and probably done with the game forever.
76561197972470541,Not Recommended,324800,34893164,Posted: 11 September,all,rithemking,"Yikes.  Have to say this is THE buggiest, most unpolished game I have ever seen for release.  Maps are all the same, and by the same I mean every stick of furniture is in the exact same place, as are the wall and floor textures pushing into places they don't belong.  There are entire houses on the edge of maps you can walk into like the others, but hit an invisible wall halfway in.  Mobs will get stuck in solid objects and can even knock you into places you can't get out.  There are even maps for side missions where the mission objects don't even exist (see A Delicate Subject) and require multiple resets to find a generated map that isn't missing items.  Don't worry about finding all the fortune cookies, they are in just about every piece of furniture and you'll start seeing the same ones at about the 32% completion point.  Chained demons summoned by boss demons get stuck in areas and repeat disappear/reappear loop.  Game also temporarily locks up when passing by a spawn/save point 80% of the time on a very capable system and installed on an SSD.  Were I on the development team I would NOT be putting this game on my resume."
,Recommended,324800,26042266,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,shot my load on the holy cross,please downvote this review
76561198032348322,Not Recommended,324800,26061212,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Zenraiden,"There isn't much wrong with this game, technically speaking. It's a little rough around the edges, especially the human character models and cutscenes.I love fast paced combat, loot, humour and everything else mixed into this game. But i can't put my finger on why I couldn't like this. I was just bored by it. Perhaps it's because DOOM is better at being DOOM and Borderlands is better at being Borderlands than this game is at being both.You might think otherwise and I would completely understand."
76561198007094487,Not Recommended,324800,28241888,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Shizznazznizzle,I really feel duped into thinking this was local coop. unfortunately its online coop only
76561198062381154,Not Recommended,324800,33377543,Posted: 8 July,all,WonderousHippo,It was recommended by Magnus Sig... Enough said.
76561198064491477,Not Recommended,324800,28267629,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,__p_pat__,"Nice, but small-scale experience. Think Borderlands 0.1 alpha:- The weapons are nice, but way less varied even with customizations.- The enemies are interesting, but not memorable.- The world is ok, but not seamless, and largely repeating what I've seen in Borderlands (the robots, wraiths, and zombie areas).- The story twists remind me of Borderlands 2, especially the same central setting reconfigured after various events.- The galley and base humor remind me terribly of Borderlands."
,Not Recommended,324800,28692425,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,jOTOFAR,"Wow, what a big huge let down. Jesus, I thought I was going to get another great level-based shooter with secrets and ok at best story. Instead I got some Borderlands 2 tier♥♥♥♥♥♥with random mobs and thousands of spawns and random guns with RNG.If you liked the first game and wanted that, but more, too bad. They dropped the ball on this one, ayylmao."
76561198076045654,Not Recommended,324800,30838743,Posted: 30 March,all,Shotgun Alex,♥♥♥♥♥game and im not aloud a refund
76561198080992181,Not Recommended,324800,28301682,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Drewguardo,"KAMICO IS A ♥♥♥♥ING DRAGON, WEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!worst ending EVER, pac man had a more complete ending then this."
,Not Recommended,324800,30911187,Posted: 2 April,all,Momo,Didn't captured me. It lacks dynamism.
,Not Recommended,324800,26535538,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,BaBuuBaBuu,boring
,Not Recommended,324800,26017234,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Lil C]-[ew C]-[ew is ಥ﹏ಥ,"With this setup:Intel® Core™2 Quad Processor Q8300 (4M Cache, 2.50 GHz, 1333 MHz)+NVIDIA - GeForce® GTX 750 Ti 2gb+8gb DDR2/800mhz RAMYou can run the game on medium to high wtih good perfomance and yet you can always choose to play on lower qualities for better FPS rate but so far doing certain adjustments to have high textures with many effects disabled, you will get solid 60 fps, in battles with large enemy units 43-51 fps and on min. will be 35-47 fps fps but still will continue to be playable.It isn't playable not even in having 35 fps to 40 fps. Only the DLC content that run solid 50 fps to 90 fps smooth.Patch versions were released and not a single improvement was made for low-medium ending machines. In my opnion the game ran stable uncapped but didn't drop 70 fps during the release time.About gameplay and combat mechanics, this expansion has discarted a few ofShadow Warrior (2013)features but did tweak to be simple for all platforms, the campaign is linear even if offer to players toFree Roamany previous side missions, be very careful because after a while playing the main story, you might not be able to go back and get stuck in theFree Roammode.The story that procceedLo Wang's journey became idiotic compared toShadow Warrior (2013)when used to be heroic with a humorous and good narrative.The RPG combination and loot system from games likeBorderlanddid change the game's path originally was up to so it would become more fun but it will slowly start to be repetitive and lame.The Score I'll be giving is 6.8/10 of gamer's choice.For those have playedShadow Warrior (2013)certainly will not like this expansion as much you were expecting to enjoy. Only the pre-purchase discount is what called my attention,I wasn't been robbed by such unfinished, bad polished and incomplete resulted game."
76561198035712827,Not Recommended,324800,35185356,Posted: 24 September,all,Raskis,i just wish this would have been like the first one... its hard to like it... i reall tried hard... i loved the first one (not that from the 90s) and i bought this as soon as i could cuz the first one was so damn good...I installed it and played for some hours and wondered why the game did not capture my full attention... i  didn't feel really captivated att all ...so i thought maby i just was too hyped over it... so i didn't play it for like 6moths or something... and i thought ill give it a fresh new start after i had cooled off and try not to judge so much.. i'd just try to play and see what happens....the game is still♥♥♥♥♥♥ its a piece of crap and only a small shadow of the former game! funny when it is in the name shadow warrior... yea this game was erally the sahdow of the warrior .. yea and a shadow is less than a fart... im jsut sad that this game was soooooooo bad compared to the first one (not the 90's verision) ... i just wanna say it Shadow warrior 2 sucks!IT SUCKS!!!
,Not Recommended,324800,26076272,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,H. Harpoon,"Its like if Borderlands 2 failed to make any aspect of itself exciting.  Terrible story,♥♥♥♥♥♥joke after♥♥♥♥♥♥joke and bland weapons. Combine this with losing everything that I enjoyed about Shadow Warrior and you have one hell of a bland sequil.  I really liked how in Shadow Warrior in between♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes it made me feel like I was controlling a ninja, enemys arms would fly off if I severed it, things were responsive. Here its click as fast as you can, while your screen goes so dark you cant see and baddies block the entire screen making manoveuring impossible...All around skip this one."
,Recommended,324800,26015157,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Hyden,Fantástico ! Exemplo de diversão e otimização. Recomendadíssimo ( apenas pra quem gosta de FPS skilled ).
,Not Recommended,324800,26075353,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,CR4CK,repetitive
,Recommended,324800,26014730,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,王WillyWanker王,Going to be Nepping demons all day
76561197970482328,Not Recommended,324800,26051721,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,fjk1138,"Not fun, not interesting, and otherwise the same thing that you've played a million times before.  Wait for a sale."
76561198046406011,Not Recommended,324800,26032567,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,[NGR]��ArCaneuSe��,"At first i really liked to play the game, its funny in some way and it has awesome fight mechanics but i played for 5 h and the game crashed and i lost all my new weapons and my upgrades and xp, shop got a reset somehow and i couldnt buy the things again, also because i played with a friend (no crash) i couldnt redo the mission and my weapon was lost same with the upgrades. And 1h after the crash i couldn't play on my character anymore, single or multyplayer because after loading the character the game crashes and now i need to start a new character -.- , This game is dead for me now.  How can this be fun after all my progress to restart."
,Not Recommended,324800,26037701,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,ShadowRageWing,"I'd love to give this a good review, however, the game was crashing on me during the loadscreen so I couldn't really get a chance to see how the game worked. Whenever I went to go make a new character the loadscreen would start then the game would stop responding. I know people are giving this good reviews but it's hard to give a good review when you haven't been able to play at all."
,Not Recommended,324800,28610585,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,bonebags,Border warrior 2
,Not Recommended,324800,26098057,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Namey,"Somewhat dissappointing sequel to a hidden gem. As a standalone game this would probably be a very nice surprise from a small developer, but the weird change of direction from the previous title leaves me kind of cold.The first Shadow Warrior reboot was a fairly linear story driven FPS, similar to the likes of the new Wolfenstein and DOOM reboots. Shadow Warrior 2 however has more in common with games like Borderlands, or Hellgate: London. The game has taken a turn towards a loot-and-shoot, which is disappointing to me as a fan of Shadow Warrior 1.While there is nothing worng with the gameplay itself (shooting and swording is super fun, and movement is fluid and fast), the gear, levelling and map systems feel very half-baked and lazy. Almost all of item drops are just randomly generated statboosts, with bonuses that quickly start repeating themselves. Levelling is mostly just boring numerical bonuses, things like +20% damage here, or more +10% Chi (mana equivalent) there, etc. The mostly handcrafted maps from the first game have been replaced with randomly generated maps that feel too busy, too hard to navigate, and too quickly have repeating elements to them.Story elements are also disappointing, since much of the first game is ignored, or retconned out entirely. If you are hoping for any continuation of the story, you may be disappointed as well.I'd consider the newly added co-op a bonus, but even that feels like it was rushed or badly thought out.- You can't chat with your co-op partners via chat or voice.- You can't trade items at all- There is barely any animation work done for your co-op partners, just static poses for most stuff- The game frequently just turns other players invisible instead- Co-op partners experience FPS drops when there is too much stuff going on, an issue that our hosting players have not experienced- Game progress is not saved for anyone but the host, we're 10h in in co-op, but if my friends loads his save he'll be back in the tutorial, etc.- Unknown if it's a bug or not, but seems like some game features are not accessible for players who join the host, either. (Forge?)It's still a fun experience, but it really can't compete with the Bordelands series for similar co-op action. I'd only recommend this one if you're burned out on that series, but want more shoot-and-loot with friends.Finally, while this may be subjective, I've had a lot more bugs than I ever had with the first game. Things like clipping through walls and getting stuck is common, and forces resetting the game frequently. Audio is buggy, looping repeatedly and making dialogue unbearable for me with voice on.Maybe with patching and a serious co-op feature overhaul I could recommend this, but as is I find the title disappointing."
76561198209288885,Not Recommended,324800,34850807,Posted: 9 September,all,lkpsp,shadow warrior 1 is much more better
,Not Recommended,324800,34267397,Posted: 15 August,all,itsACoppa,"Sad to say it's not very fun especially when compared with the first game. Levels design is generic and the game is so easy even on the hardest difficulty. The humor is also falls short and ends up being more cringey than funny. Go ahead and buy the first title, give this one a pass."
,Not Recommended,324800,34319712,Posted: 17 August,all,Count Moldy,"If you just want to play through the game and see the story with friends I recommend this game. If you care about the rpg elements and want to become your very best. I recommend avoiding. The end game is such a massive time sink I can't even understand the choice to make it such a daunting experience. The game touts itself as thoughtless instant gratification and then adds a grind that would rival an mmo, but with less variance and payoff. I am disappointed in what the end game turned out to be."
76561198137413578,Not Recommended,324800,26054312,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Salty Survivor,Im gonna have to give this game a no for four reasons1- This game is very glitchy I was having problems with the dialogue within the game stuttering not to mention the texture rendering2- The loading screen times were very long and Im not very patient3- This game is easier than I think it should be for what it is4 - This game was released as a unpolished product that sits a 40 dollarsNow this game isnt all bad it has a couple nice qualities and when they fix all the bugs it will be pretty good. I like the aspect of upgrading your weapons if you like killing stuff and chilling while you do it with little difficulty then this is the game for you.
,Not Recommended,324800,34624842,Posted: 30 August,all,Hotman 45,"Disappointing. Full of useless fillers and crap; ""Item Adds 10% lightning dmg(yadda, yadda, yadda)."" Yawn. Slightly nicer experience than stepping in chickenshit."
,Not Recommended,324800,26056645,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Smash Or Pass,"Game crashing constantly to Desktop, had 4 within 5 minutes. What I did play was very fun (especially the sword play) but it's unplayable as it stands now. Hopefully they can fix this, getting a refund now while I still can just in case."
76561198045862730,Not Recommended,324800,26030891,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,A.K.A-REAL,Not Supporting China Server.... so disappointing.
,Not Recommended,324800,35169350,Posted: 23 September,all,boog,"eh, whatever."
,Not Recommended,324800,34504894,Posted: 26 August,all,Vic Rattlehead,Crashes constantly.  Can't even get it to work.FX 6200RX 480600w PSUWindows 8.1Runs at 60 fps max settings but crashes after 20 seconds every time.
,Not Recommended,324800,28681186,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,MR.GДbriel†,Meh
76561198079417387,Not Recommended,324800,28909946,Posted: 1 January,all,little will,"Borderlands 2 is better in everysingle wayso ♥♥♥♥ you allDont waste your money on this, utter garbage, it's a pile of steaming trash that someone has the nerve to call a game is the reason for global warming and AIDs. The dumb humor is funny for the first 10 min and even with a friend, and the story made me wanna drink bleach.Oh and ♥♥♥♥ the fanboys saying this isnt helpful, 8% my♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198291153645,Not Recommended,324800,34968850,Posted: 15 September,all,落汶,Excuse me??????Don't you think fraud is a despicable act?Why don't you give Chinese in the name of Chinese?
,Not Recommended,324800,34708912,Posted: 3 September,all,Kuroritas,Oh Hi. What you wonderin why this game is not shadow warrior 2? Oh because it is nothing more then the 3d version von Diablo but with only one champion but the rest is the same. This game has nothing to do with Shadow warrior and it makes me sick and sad what they think it was a good idea to bring in the second part of this game. This game is a joke. Flying dmg-numbers. Rar-mobs. Lootchest. Weapons and difficultmodis just like in diabloe 3. If you like diablo3 then you will like this game. For me myself...no thanks. THIS is wasted money.
76561197970332116,Not Recommended,324800,26044898,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,per.christensen,"The first release crashed each 5-10 min.Not it seem to be patches, so I can play for longer - but now the dullness and same-same-same of the game sets in... wasted my money - the first SW was excelent - this is just beefed up graphics wirth an insane pace and grass EVERYWHERE so you can't see the mobs decently enough to actually go after the task intelligently - you end up just shooting at everything what seems to be moving - not my cup of tea"
76561198071134987,Not Recommended,324800,28278532,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,fudoshinkan,"all games today are just automatic push a button and see an animation .. there is no feel that you area doing something...the game just like most games today is unbalancedcons':-unbalanced-poor level design , bad use of spacetoo much wasted space-running simulator-tries to give the illusion of rpg and open world just like aha doom 4-just like mmost new games .. its just flashy and no depth-not addicting just pretending to me same as doom 4-NOT shadow warrior 3d remake.. just a new spinoff-boring..boring boring...-just stop bying games until 2020"
76561198142138431,Not Recommended,324800,26023863,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,ArtemisFrogg,"This is a giant step backwards from the first (excellent) Shadow Warrior re-boot.  The graphics have not improved.  This game looks identical to the first one.  The levels are randomly generated, and as such, they kind of become ""samey"" and boring.  There are no giant or interesting bosses (7 hours in).  There's no pacing.  It's just a basic basic basic FPS map, and you go from point A to point B following a golden trail of bread crumbs on the mini map., and fight the same 10 enemies over and over and over again.  And then you teleport to the hub world to get your next mission.  A hub world.  We are FAR beyond this in 2016.  It's hilariously dated.The procedural generation of the maps just doesn't do any favorrs for this type of game.  It's awkward where the last game was tight.  It's dull where the last game was a series of set pieces.  Every change between the last title and this one is a mis-step.They added a TON of new weapons.  But at the end of the day, all the melee weapon are functionally identical, so it doesn't really add a lot to the experience.  You can grind for weapon upgrades, but the combat is so boring and repetitive that you won't want to.The story  is unremarkable. You have another character in your head (like the demon in the first game), but the charm isn't there.   I'd recommend buying the first Shadow Warrior reboot.  This sequel feels like a slog.  I'm incredibly bummed out that the developers went sideways instead of moving forwards.  I can't recomment purchasing."
76561198006777257,Not Recommended,324800,34504412,Posted: 26 August,all,Runtal,"Gameplay is great but the ""Protagonist"" is so annoying, it's hard to enjoy the game."
76561198055028800,Not Recommended,324800,26066373,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Zero Counter,Shadow Warrior 2 -A Borderlands Game-
76561198133795674,Not Recommended,324800,26076579,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Raycecar,meh. the best i can give is meh. sorry Shadow Warrior 2 fans. I'm just not that interested
,Not Recommended,324800,34487039,Posted: 25 August,all,andrew0815,so why i am giving this is because it is much worse then what is on trailer and there are no simplified chinese.
,Not Recommended,324800,26030032,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Captain Omaniss ☁,If you want a good shadow warrior game play the first one.In that game you felt like a bad♥♥♥♥♥samurai. In this one you feel like a♥♥♥♥♥♥with a nerf sword trying to kill borderlands type bullet sponge enemies who have too much health for no reason. The first game did it fine I dont get how they managed to ♥♥♥♥ this one up.
76561197972301555,Not Recommended,324800,26047600,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,cr0my,Shadow Warrior 1 was way better than this.RPG elements are annoying and ruin the game.For me a great step backward.
76561198056357544,Not Recommended,324800,34247762,Posted: 14 August,all,Half-Life 3,this game is so bad. characters try too hard to be funny its annoying. the controls and gameplay is weird. its a NO from me. Waste of money
76561198247944728,Not Recommended,324800,31855284,Posted: 20 May,all,gunitako,I bay but The game stop working. Why?
,Not Recommended,324800,26020961,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Techbane,"The one thing that you really need to know going into Shadow Warrior 2 is that the majority of levels you will be playing are randomly generated, and everything that implies. Namely, it isnota tightly designed progression of campaign levels with careful consideration for balancing, setpieces and so forth. I don't hate it. It's serviceable. Frankly however it stands out as a series of level 'chunks' haphazardly slapped together without so much as a clear forward progression. The very first one I played branched out a good distance in two completely opposite directions from the start, one path leading to a few groups of enemies and nothing else. There was a completely vestigial branch of the level that occupied maybe 1/5th of its total size.Every map since then has auto-checkpointed me to a locked door before giving me the checkpoint for the actual key. Entire stretches of levels will sometimes be perplexingly barren, save for a pickup or a shrine. I'm about four levels in and I've already seen the exact same cave system two or three times. Enemy balancing is a completely bipolar crapshoot within the span of a single level, and you're now at the mercy of a loot system that puts Borderlands' to shame for sheer volume of worthless garbage pickups with an even more asinine interface to sort through it all.There's also an impressive swath of launch window technical problems, ranging from tanking framerates and low-quality textures to massive audio skipping, dual-core systems being completely unable to run the game, and even save file corruption.On the upside, you still have your arsenal of awesome katana moves and the gunplay is notably improved from the last game. It does have its genuine moments of being a cathartic old hack, slash 'n' shoot experience. If you wanted to do it in multiplayer, though, you'll have to deal with progress only being saved on the host, manual difficulty scaling when starting the session, a lack of text chat, and complete inability to drop or trade weapons or pickups in any way.There was a good game in the making here, but this wasnotready for launch."
,Not Recommended,324800,34633251,Posted: 31 August,all,Woo_Barracuda,Where the ♥♥♥♥ is Chinese language on this game? you ♥♥♥♥ing lair!!!
76561198054819163,Not Recommended,324800,26031040,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,[UTOPIA]Criminal Edition,"played this game 3 times cuz it crashed 3 times.Running i5 6600k and a zotac amp extreme 1070 with 16 gb  of ddr 4.    Options menu loading is slow.  alt tabbing into steam menu is also freezes game.  Changing settings has temporary freezes.On the plus side, graphics are ok, but fps is smooth and running at 57fps or thereabouts at 4k.  The crashing is frustrating though so I am gonna refund as I expect games to at least not crash.  Bugs are fine and can be ironed out, but crashes that appear this frequently is unforgivable in this day and age."
76561198013558470,Not Recommended,324800,34461352,Posted: 24 August,all,DynamicBunz,"This game just feels boring.. played on hard ( dif. 3/4) and its to easy, buy doom instead and have some fun"
,Not Recommended,324800,28462241,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Dumbass The Elephant,"Yo this game is for boy poosyes and twinks.  If you buy this, I want to see you publically lynched.  I want minors to throw smooth stones at your limp corpse until they no longer understand trauma or basic human altruism!  Sorry just the truth!  Just the tru-uth!"
,Not Recommended,324800,26045259,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,quit or pro,"until the second half of the game everything was good - a few bugs and glitches here and there. but then all went down - crashes/freezes all the time - losing progress, items, - playing the same♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over, destroys every fun i had with this game - its frustrating. the strange thing is, i never changed the settings, so why should they cause any problems later in the game? ""auto-aim"" is the second wirst thing in this game - and on every start of the game i have to disable ""auto-aim"" again. The only choice i have is wait until a checkpoint (without enemy mob nearby - otherwise you have to defeat them again) then quit to main menu (auto save) then resume. its not the funniest part but it works for me. deleted the game and reinstalled it. let´s see if i have the same issue´s on the second playtrough."
76561198199593867,Not Recommended,324800,34477920,Posted: 25 August,all,Love喵老师：芹泽多摩雄,"WTH,i cant choose CHINESE as the game language?????Steam ,u are a cheater"
,Not Recommended,324800,34189986,Posted: 12 August,all,The Worst,"This game is crap. Pure, unadulterated crap."
,Not Recommended,324800,26045825,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,称本座为魔君大人,"Although the game is very good, let me very happy, but it doesn't support simplified Chinese, so bad review."
,Not Recommended,324800,26017805,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Paul Chuckle,"I'm confused, because everyone seems to be loving this...I loved the 2013 reboot, but this just feels wrong... The cutscenes look janky, the game teleports you to different locations without warning, and the timing just feels off. SW1's combat was way more fun, and the atmosphere of the game was much better. Granted I only played this for an hour, but it was an hour of disappointment.To be fair, playing this co-op would probably be good fun, but I wanted a good singleplayer experience.TL;DR, bad atmosphere, not nearly as fun as the first game, feels 'cheap'.Maybe I've just been spoiled by DOOM."
76561198336440050,Not Recommended,324800,34783751,Posted: 6 September,all,Local Tyrant,"First of all, I know chinese ppl well because I am Chinese, not those chinese morons who pretended they are not Chinese and they were laughing at other chinese poor English speaking and reading, they can't hide from me or trick me when they are writing and talking. They are too ♥♥♥♥♥ to do anything for Chinese ppl because they have no guts, they don't even fight back for themselves when they are aboard, what those morons dare to do is bullying other chinese who are unexperienced, weak, shy and disabled. I am not suprised at all because we got plenty of loosers who are low, mean and small and have no balls just like them in China. I've seen too many,  it is shame to acknowledge that they are chinese. If I see they are bullying others I would simply I kick their♥♥♥♥♥ stab them with a knife and I put them in a cage and starve them to death then I can easily walk away without any legal responsiblity in China, believe it or not. I am doing it for kindness.I saw many of loosers wrote about Chinese gamers should not blame this game for not having chinese language. The reason why would I call those morons loosers is because they are racist including the dev team, whether they admit it or not, we all know why and how it works. And this game's elements are Chinese, not damn English, French, German, Japenese, Korean or any other countries, that is why this game needs Chinese subtitles at least. I am not asking more, just the Chinese subtitles. But the dev team is doing faulse advertisement, they neither don't have Simplified Chinese nor Traditional Chinese. They lied to customers, this is unforgivable. So the dev team is full of racist loosers just like those morons in the reviews.What if the film Titanic speaks all other languages but English and starring North Korean? Does it make sense? or it is just stupid?So don't tell me you are not racist when you think it is unnecessary for this game to support Chinese language."
,Not Recommended,324800,26024320,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Andoo,"I'm going to make this simple.This is basically Borderlands 2 mixed with DOOM.If you have Doom, don't get this.If you have BL2, but not Doom, then I'd check this out if you liked the loot system of BL2, but with more confusion added to it. The game also doesn't really tell you anything about what to do, tutorial was bland.Game crashed for no reason and lost an hour of progress. It feels extremely repetitive as well. Also I feel as if 90% of the loot you recieve is completely useless. I mean yeah it's fun, but only for about 2 hours. I could not imagine playing the game further. People might say, ""Oh there are different enemies, which keeps the game looking fresh!"" Not really when all you do is spam left lick, use right click, and spam shift to get around. I have a GTX 1080 and this game looks muddy, and by default the game is rediculously blurry. Really shows off it's 14 GB file size.Again, if you have Doom, don't get this. Borderlands 2 Players looking for a new title might want to check this or Doom out though."
76561198179594506,Not Recommended,324800,34153784,Posted: 10 August,all,Gamer,i have a amd 12 4 cores and 8 gb processor and it runs this game horrible at 13-20 fps and is a laptop it runs most games ok fix this and i will give five stars
76561198091203454,Not Recommended,324800,31836474,Posted: 19 May,all,MUMSON,It's a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing game
76561198065607437,Not Recommended,324800,26030114,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Bazoozoo,"Am sorry but before i recommand this game, and before  i ask for a refund, Played it for 15 minutes and was kinda extremly dissapointed! what am i looking for here!Grpahics are ok, gameplay kinda sloppyam gona be open mined and ask for more opinion because i trust it did not become overwhelmly positive for no reason :/"
,Not Recommended,324800,26018510,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,MaleSensitivity,"Don't be fooled by screenshots.  This game looks like crap.  What is going on with the muddy textures?  It is worse than the first one!  My 1070 is rendering frames so high that I my 144hz monitor can't keep up and when frames drop - usually every time enemies appear on screen, the experience is dreadful!!  I'm requesting a refund on this game.  I'll buy it again after a patch or something to clean up the visuals."
76561198253929755,Not Recommended,324800,26027558,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,aalivingstonebb,"What a pies of crap, game says i've played for 6 minutes, no that was how long the loading screen took before it crashed to destop, you people shoulld be ashamed releasing a game with so much hype/ promise, but with so little delivery!I award game 10 pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥out of 10 pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Do not buy this game!"
76561198111024338,Not Recommended,324800,26016861,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,penispolice,humour is not that funny. combat gameplay gets boring really quickly.
,Not Recommended,324800,31831989,Posted: 18 May,all,Hermaphrodite Higgs,"♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥ing game for having free DLC, I wanted to ♥♥♥♥ing buy the DLC.♥♥♥♥ YOU"
,Not Recommended,324800,34298618,Posted: 16 August,all,AK_Le0,"Cheater.Good game , but .....Where is Chinese(Simplified) ?"
76561198075622703,Not Recommended,324800,26031139,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,opiop,"the developers turned a classic franchise into a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Borderland with a sword game. If you want true Shadow Warrior experience, play the classic or Shadow Warrior 1"
,Recommended,324800,30396699,Posted: 8 March,all,acmd,"pros:- very fun gameplay- borderlands + duke nukem- good humorcons:- messy story- no postfx or loading time optimization- too much clutter in the inventory, 1/3 of weapon upgrades are useless8/10"
,Recommended,324800,30404843,Posted: 9 March,all,Zombie formerly known as Prince,"This game is like if Doom and Borderlands had a foul mouthed baby. It's pretty fun, however I do have complaints.1. Melee combat far outclasses ranged as you deplete ammo quick and usually do a lot more dmg up close and personal with your swords. This makes it so that you take hella damage which can get pretty rough at times. However, I will say that it's really fun to do.2. As I said, ammo depletion is pretty hardcore in this, basically half of the money you earn throughout the mission you do will go twoards ammo, depending on how much you found during.3. Grenade launchers and shotguns are easily the strongest of the ranged weapons yet have a really limiting amount of ammo capacity that you have to upgrade. Even then you don't get that many more post upgrade.4. As others have said (in negative reviews) there are a lot of loot drops in terms of♥♥♥♥♥♥you don't need. Comparing this to Borderlands, it's a bit more complicated bc you have, as far as I know, unlimited inventory for relics which upgrade your weapons. Think of class mods or just the guns themselves. The only problem is that you get a crazy amount of weapons throughout the game. Meaning that you have to manage putting relics in the new stuff.5. The movement is kind of clunky sometimes. There are a lot of times where you're moving backwards to run away from an enemy but still facing them and just using the dash ability. This makes it really easy to be able to back into walls and stuff. Usually that's fine, however it seems like whenever that happens to me, I always end up stuck somehow. Be it on an open door or a plant that has a hit box. It's a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥since the enemies can be really punishing if you're too close.I've had similar problems in Doom 2016, but there isn't nearly as much stuff to get caught on.6(ish). People have also complained about not having a mass sell button or something similar, but from my experience so far you seem to earn all the money you need from doing the levels exploring, and finding chests.To recap. This game is great but there are some things that may turn people off (as usual haha)."
76561198090825754,Recommended,324800,30410513,Posted: 9 March,all,Pininafarina,"this game crashes alot , It was fine when it came out but after updates you do want to pull your hair out at times , just have to wait and see if they fix it. the maps are too small unlike the first Shadow Warrior but combat is good , 7/10"
,Recommended,324800,27092006,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,25th_Gamer,Pros:Story is GoodSword Fighting is at its bestNice gunplayNice JokesHumor is fascinatingCoop is Not BadCons:SMG are too nerfedMachine Guns are too nerfedRating:9.5/10
76561197998005114,Recommended,324800,30591041,Posted: 18 March,all,Schauski,I played through the game with two friends in a classical lan setting (via internet though). We had a blast! I recommend ramping up the difficulty if you are a somewhat experienced gamer in general. This is important to really feel the impact of upgrades. I can see how the humor of this game might be over the top for some folks. I personally actually enjoy me some immature humor every once in a while.
76561198162775133,Recommended,324800,30603110,Posted: 18 March,all,็,"Its purley amazing, i dont know why i picked doom over this, but atleasti have both XD"
76561198046821778,Recommended,324800,28288951,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Turtle,-load my save-went for a sh!t-comes back-still loading
,Recommended,324800,30590575,Posted: 18 March,all,Ducky,"Game has free DLC, best gunplay I've had in a while and probably the best main menu theme I've ever heard.Oh and chopping enemies is really fun.9/10My only problem with this is that exploding arrows have no sound."
76561198056714460,Recommended,324800,30599830,Posted: 18 March,all,HippyTurtle,"A really nice game overall, extremely action packed and very smooth and fast movementEasy to reccomend for someone looking for something really fast paced and rewarding"
76561198092872065,Recommended,324800,30549094,Posted: 16 March,all,jedihunter,borderlands 3 but with asian people (and one black guy)  9/10 would borderlands again
,Recommended,324800,30562593,Posted: 16 March,all,Wrench,"Wow, what can i say about this game! ive played the first one and it was good to, but this one..this one right here has always got me to come back and play it more and more every single day! i havent even played multiplayer, and its been so much fun kicking♥♥♥♥♥and taking names! from a large range of weapons, and things to attach to them, perks, and the soundtrack. You can never have enough wang!!"
,Recommended,324800,30566366,Posted: 17 March,all,Atlas Freecs,"Stunning graphics, amazing combat system and a smarty pant protagonist, set in a world with creatures of dark, ninjas, love and gore. All the ingredients that makes up a beatiful 10/10 game. Everyone should have a copy of this in their library. (DId I mention about free DLC's ?)"
76561197970395610,Recommended,324800,30546169,Posted: 16 March,all,Zapp Brannigan,Best Ego-Shooter since Shadow Warrior 1 !!
,Recommended,324800,30559964,Posted: 16 March,all,DANGER ZONE,One of my favorite releases to come out recently. Fast past gunplay and melee combat + a speedy quick dash = fun.Lots of weapons to get and hordes of enemies to slaughter with plenty of snarky humor to go with it.
76561198169762086,Recommended,324800,30561676,Posted: 16 March,all,vXvSNAKEvXv,**nice*good**
76561198017802553,Recommended,324800,30561738,Posted: 16 March,all,RestlessRogue,Wicked.
,Recommended,324800,30566445,Posted: 17 March,all,Matchitehew,"Great game!,!from the sword play,and the saw cuting people to bits,big maps too llots of ways to go,lots to kill!..theres alot of hidden things with in the game,this game has asme really good easter eggs if you know what to look for,good gun play too the level system was done nicely,the game is very colorful! and the physics work!its a great game"
,Recommended,324800,30566786,Posted: 17 March,all,Nox,loved it!now if only it would stop glitching...
,Recommended,324800,30574318,Posted: 17 March,all,Taint Saint,"Tg, too good. 10/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,324800,30582307,Posted: 17 March,all,Kazeohin,"What do you get when you mix Borderlands, Doom and hentai!? THIS GAMER AND IT IS AMAZING."
76561197970520464,Recommended,324800,30585420,Posted: 18 March,all,Fargradius,This was an unexpected great game; loving it and playing it now!
,Recommended,324800,30587900,Posted: 18 March,all,Hikikomori (´Д｀),Wanged8/10
76561197970350762,Recommended,324800,30506773,Posted: 14 March,all,deadbones,bear in mind: i only play this game in coop with a friend.its very much like borderlands but only with good graphaics and a lot of wangs ! (pun intended)9/10 would recommend.
,Recommended,324800,26022369,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,duwang man,there's more
76561198318957308,Recommended,324800,30647555,Posted: 20 March,all,Ctnew,Nice Game...
76561198042300995,Recommended,324800,30638633,Posted: 20 March,all,jbanger,10/10 wangs
,Recommended,324800,30639724,Posted: 20 March,all,Fritessaus|DuckBoi,ITS SO♥♥♥♥♥♥♥AWESOME!!!...Pls buy it!
,Recommended,324800,30639069,Posted: 20 March,all,MattStarChief,It's alright
,Not Recommended,324800,26046566,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Hyper,"I couldn't care less about the story. After completion I found out that co-op was dead, so endgame stuff isn't fun."
76561197987848371,Recommended,324800,30823091,Posted: 29 March,all,V.,"Great game. Some things are not perfect, but all in all it brings A LOT OF fun. Most of the time you are killing stuff (humans, monsters, insects, demons from hell, you name it) with MANY different wapons. the game is full of ranged combat with guns, but you can always get out the katana and slice up your opponents. Of course theres also a chainsaw. The game has long time fun elements (looting and leveling similar to diablo) and even a good humor. You really shouldnt miss this.Pro Tip: If you have any friends, play this game with them. The coop-story mode works fine and is just great."
,Recommended,324800,30783040,Posted: 27 March,all,MySeLf,"This is one of the best FPS's that you can play right now and belive me, I play A LOT of them.+ FAST Non-stop Over-the-top action+ A LOT (REALLY) of weapons including melee weapons and some really exotic ones.+ Jokes+ Elaborate Skills / weap upgrade / elemental weapons systems.+ Co-op+ Great Graphics+ Properly optimmized for PC+ Great free DLC- I found the gem system a little bit overwhelming. If you do, like me, just forget about it and change the gems once in a while. Otherwise you will get frustrated for passing most of the time in the menus.P.S- I pre-ordered the game and finished it today (and all DLC's). I gotta say it was worth the price. Flying Wild Hog are one of my favorite developer teams because of their excelent games and politics. Kudos to them."
,Recommended,324800,30806696,Posted: 28 March,all,Redtide1982,"I recommend this game because it is fun, if you like a bloodier Borderlands. I, however, do not like the departure from the first reimaginning. In fact, this game barely managed to hold my attention for more than 2 hours. I will likely get back to it eventually, playing with a friend should make it more fun as with Borderlands, however I don't believe that I should have to. The first game was far superior in every way, I literally started the first one up and played it almost straight through. The story telling, level design and the twangs of nostalgia were all great. This one missed the mark.I love the free DLC, as always, I love the way this company treats it's customers. I personally am tired of borderlands and it's ilk though, and would have never bought it to begin with had I not wanted to support this awesome company."
,Recommended,324800,26110465,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Heazel Grace,Nice Sequel
,Recommended,324800,30770340,Posted: 27 March,all,SAltfiSH,糊涂去进展如何几岁吐了哦所以古代汉语言行举止端庄😊
76561199800505689,Recommended,324800,30698140,Posted: 23 March,all,Iceyspy™,You can kill a demon bunny with dual swords that shoot lasers while a sick metal track plays. 10/10.
,Recommended,324800,30748022,Posted: 26 March,all,Xecthar,"Awesome successor of the sequel!I have beaten the game twice and I'm on my third row. This game is a really AAA masterpiece. I enjoy cutting down the demons as well as Yakuzas with my katana and there's no other game in the market that feel so enjoyable doing so.Thanks to balanced difficulty levels, multiplayer and grinding options, there's a high replayability value here.I stongly recommend the game."
76561198026081804,Recommended,324800,30739296,Posted: 25 March,all,Krazy Kitsune,"Probably one of the best games i've played in awhile. It's pretty much my go to for stress relief and one of the few games I actually ENJOY playing in hard mode.  The main character will have you both rolling your eyes and laughing at the dialogue and snappy little one liners. Combat is fast paced and fluid, easy to switch between melee and shooter and has multiple ways of making whatever style works for you work even better. At no time did I utter the words. ""Oh great, this again"" because while some missions take place in the same area, it never feels like the same run through twice. If you're bored and needing to feel a bit badass, I honestly can't recommend this game enough."
,Not Recommended,324800,28690131,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Rymbr,"A lot slower paced than the first game, mainly because of the gear system they added to the game to make it more RPG-like. But it doesn't really help to make this game any more fun, it's just a hinderance. Higher difficulty levels aren't about skill, but more about gear level, which is a shame because I was looking for a difficult but fair challenge.In Shadow Warrior 2 a lot of enemies have certain ""elements"" kind of like in Pokemon. Now this REALLY doesn't fit this game because it's supposed to be a hack-and-slash and guns-blazing sort of deal. But now you have to take it slowly and make sure you're using the correct weapon so you won't end up wasting all of your ammo on one dude.Story-wise this game kinda fell flat. Especially with that horrible cliffhanger ending. Some of the things that happened just didn't seem believable or didn't make sense, and not in a ""this game is so quirky XD"" sort of way.After playing for about 17 hours (4 of those hours probably just in the inventory menu, managing upgrades and such) I had no desire to play the game any more. There were features that I didn't even bother trying out, like crafting, because they just seemed so pointless. In my first playthrough the story and all of the side-quests took me around 9 hours to complete. That may seem like enough for some people, but in my opinion not worth the $50 I payed for. (The Deluxe edition is crap btw).So yeah, in my opinion this game isn't worth the money but if you liked the first game and want more, get it on sale or something."
,Recommended,324800,30753678,Posted: 26 March,all,livin' legend,"Funny dialogs, good story, good graphics, nice gameplay."
,Recommended,324800,30779830,Posted: 27 March,all,McDick,"Is very fun, many wangs(literally), feels like chewing five gum, great game to those who like arcade shooters like Doom and Serious Sam, kinda like borderlands, Doom, and Tribes Ascend in Japan, plenty of senpai weeaboo waifus, main character is like overly asian Rex from farcry3 blood dragon, very recommand, much suggest, so advise."
,Recommended,324800,30776256,Posted: 27 March,all,®o©ke™an,"The character of Lo Wang has greatly evolved from his initial conception. Originally he was Duke Nukem mixed with outdated Asian stereotypes and fortune cookie jokes. Now, he is Asian Deadpool, which is unique and original because nobody remembers Agent X.Go play it. its fun."
76561198066713981,Recommended,324800,30702465,Posted: 24 March,all,Cyndy,"If shoot and loot type games turn you on, this game will give you a long hard Wang. This game spits out loot like a giant pinata. The story is nothing to write home about, it'll make you chuckle from time to time (or all the time) but otherwise it's lackluster. Combat is fast-paced and satisfying with a wide array of weapons you can choose from to eviscerate your enemies. Weapon upgrade system is decent with the inclusion of elemental and crit damage so you can customise builds. You have the option to replay the incredibly short story and side missions which take about less than 24 hours to complete on normal difficulty and ramp it up to incredibly insane difficulty levels to the point only masochists could enjoy it with the added benefit of better loot at higher difficulties. Map design is pretty good, aside from being procedurally generated, they give you a lot of space to wreak ninja havoc in and the landscape is beautifully designed. Multiplayer is okay if you want to kick♥♥♥♥♥with friends. Overall, this game is pretty enjoyable and well optimised so grab it if you've been on the fence about getting it."
76561198282487383,Recommended,324800,30704121,Posted: 24 March,all,PlayToBeat,I like it!
,Recommended,324800,30681221,Posted: 23 March,all,Amira,Just like Hiroshima. Just like Nagasaki.Ancient chinese secret.10/10!
76561198015665105,Recommended,324800,26035025,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Dominar Rygel 16th,Do you want to wash wang or do you want to watch Wang wash wang?Need mod/patch with increased number of monsters and spawns.
,Recommended,324800,26035036,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Space Penguin,"Awesome! Great visceralshooting mechanics, great looks system, fun multiplayer, very funny!"
,Recommended,324800,26075192,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,j99dude,got it because all the negative reviews were saying it was borderlands 3. was not disappointed.
,Recommended,324800,26074285,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,naufaltsar,just like doom with wang
,Recommended,324800,26075312,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Pedro from Peru,ten -elemental resistance +melee damage out of ten!
76561198097679963,Recommended,324800,26077313,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,ExtremeFerocity,Dang! I broke the game already! I keep dying everying sec i respawn and then my screen stuck as  loading screen with huds on. XD
,Recommended,324800,26077406,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Bram,"I gotta say, i'm pleasantly suprised about how the game turned out to be. When i heard it had a borderlands like loot system i was worried the gameplay would slow down significantly since enemies on looter genre games tend to be bulletsponges. This is not the case.The gameplay is faster as doom or the previous shadow warrior with the ability to double jump and climb ledges. You also won't die by gravity anymore by dashing from staircases (Finaly). With these 2 upgrades over the previous shadow warrior the gameplay just feels awesome. Even killing the more bullet spongy boss enemies is still enjoyable.As for the story i do not have a judgement about it as off yet, nor do i really care. I feel like these game is designed to deliver fun gameplay above all else, and this is where the game succeeds prefectly.And if this is not enough already they've also added coop which is always welcome. All in all this game is a must buy especially since its priced half of the regulary price of new games!"
76561198043930065,Recommended,324800,26077587,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Siliconeator,"I just finished the game on hard in about 16 hours, which is a good lenght for the price point and what it is and I must say I really enjoyed my time with it. I had no technical issues with it whatsoever and it ran silky smooth on my mashine. The shooting is great and you get new weapons and mods even right until the end. I must say that the difficulty curve is somewhat weird, because in the beginning I thought about changing it to normal because It was quite challenging, but in the end, after the crafting of mods became available, you can steamroll and one shot pretty much everything with a crit build. I also found the elemental damage irrelevant at that point. The end boss was also kind of a joke in terms of difficulty, because you get a very overpowered sword right before it and all your weapons are modded out so you kill it with just around 5 crit rockets xD.  I was not too interested in the story or the hundreds of collectible wangpedia pages but it is a hell of a game if you just want a good dose of ultraviolence and I want that every once in a while. I have not tried the co-op jet so I cannot say anything about the quality of that.So in conclusion: If you like a good Pc FPS with some old fashioned ultraviolence I would recommend Shadow Warrior 2 without hesitation"
76561198135058771,Recommended,324800,26077683,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Chillhausen - Wuschi,"I wanted a brainless hackn slash with sex jokes and lots of gore. I got everything i wanted. This game is like a michael bay movie for those who know what they are getting into. ♥♥♥♥ feminism, ♥♥♥♥ political correctness, all hail Low Wang!Now excuse me, my toxic chainsaw sword got an important appointment with some demon entrails."
,Recommended,324800,26077786,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,ganpaku,"Great gameplay, great atmosphere, great humor."
,Recommended,324800,26078038,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,noob :3,Courtesy is contagious. So is Gonorrhea
76561198000022177,Recommended,324800,26078149,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,animetion25,yes!
,Recommended,324800,26034768,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,dan,wangtastic
,Recommended,324800,26073906,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,iReign x,"Great game, your character is hilarious.I killed a Rabbit in the game, and it turned into a Demon Bunny 9/10."
,Recommended,324800,26074008,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Reddis,This... This is how you make GREAT games!
76561198113737580,Recommended,324800,26074127,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,WeIrD MeMs,TOO MUCH FUN! MUST BUY GAME! I love the feeling of everything and highly reccomend this game
,Recommended,324800,26074615,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Powdered Toastman,"Really awesome, fun, and surprisingly deep, Shadow Warrior 2 trumps its successor on a few levels.-Way more customizability, adding light-RPG mechanics to a really fun shooter, with all sorts of trinkets to constantly evolve and improve your loadout.-Gorgeous graphics and satisfying combat, melee weapons in particular feel especially more satisfying after the first game. Enemies split and break apart, and tons of gore abound, Killing enemies in SW2 is its own reward.-Co-op, I mean, its fun to play with other people, right?-Lots of locales, lots of enemies, and even sidequests give this game longevity that most other modern shooters offer.-My only misgiving about the game is that I really don't care about what's happening in the story. The nature of the multiplayer and RPG aspects make the story feel very incohesive and it's kind of all over the place. I usually skip about half the cutscenes, but don't really feel like I'm missing much.Regardless, it's a very fun shooter which looks great, plays great, and has to potential to keep players playing long after its release."
,Recommended,324800,26045340,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Big Boss,CAN'T HAVE ENOUGH OF THE WANG!
76561198080725675,Recommended,324800,26045420,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,thepg,The protagonist is the most hilarious character in the history of 21st century gaming. Lo Wang alone sold this game to me.
,Recommended,324800,26045433,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Jeotep,"This game runs great, plays great, looks great, is loads of fun, a bit funny and is more enjoyable then a lot of games that cost twice as much."
,Recommended,324800,26017813,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Dindu-Nuffin,Watching 2 rabbits hump.....priceless......killing them and bunnylord spawning= Uber priceless
76561197988656956,Recommended,324800,26017893,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Neatto,9/10
76561198129717240,Recommended,324800,26017913,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Ahoy_NATO,"Stable 100+ frames on Max Settings, no issues, tons of fun, and even more Wang"
76561198095811343,Recommended,324800,26018078,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,xHuckleberry,Would learn basic demonic possession linguistics again.10/10
76561198044693609,Recommended,324800,26018089,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Kresh,"3 times the quality of a AAA, almost half the price. Can't go wrong with this one, runs perfectly even when screen is cluttered with guts, explosions and demons."
76561198038641929,Recommended,324800,26018269,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,bananbob and Motifa,really nice!
76561198015780059,Recommended,324800,26018293,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,The Punisher,"just awesome :D perfectly optimized (got 90-120 fps on ultra), loot, gore and the typical shadow warrior feeling"
,Recommended,324800,26019270,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,neems,"Early doors but wow, what a game. Skills, loot (so much loot), large maps and beautiful graphics are built on a base of fantastic fps melee and shooting. Online co-op is mental."
76561198078693579,Recommended,324800,26016826,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,JonStep123,"Take a note 2K this is how u lauched the game, i made a right decision to refund Mafia 3 because i can't get into game, i even pre-order it, but refund it  because of your denuvo♥♥♥♥♥♥Review:Shadow Warrior 2 is a great game a fun fps 2016, it's Doom with sword. What i like from this game is the improvement swordplay, gun, and magic. The game now has loot system like Borderland, unlike from Shadow Warrior 1 it has variaty of weapon from loot and they feels diffrent, the area is open ended semi linear, has coop :D, great enemy design, the character is funny, LO WANG IS BACKThe cons:-repetetive-the character model needs to be improve-the story for me is medicore-RIP Hoji(unimportant con)Overall this game is fun, replaybility, and the price is worth it"
,Recommended,324800,26017138,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Colin,Been playing for only a bit and I've killed every peaceful bunny i've seen. Turns out they can turn into demon bunnies and murder you. I'm going to continue kill all bunnies.
76561198042100434,Recommended,324800,26017144,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,SoDank,"This could easily be my GOTY. If the devs keep adding content to the game, this could easily take over the itch to play Diablo and Path of Exile or any other ARPG games. This not only scratches the itch, but does it till it bleeds (In a good way)PLAY THIS GAME IF YOU ENJOY LOOT AND TEARING MOBS APART."
76561198071478344,Recommended,324800,26017206,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Soul King Brook,"This game is AWESOME!!So if you're like me and played the first SW at all you probably really liked it but at the same time had a lot of problems with certain elements of the game (how you preform chi moves, how you preform katana moves. etc.) Well let me just tell you right now this game with its wonderful devs have taken everything in SW and improved it times 100 in SWIITHis game has amazing graphics settings and is very well optimized, The UI is just the right amount, Combat system is amazing and new chi moves and easy to use button layout make the controls more user friendly than ever before!To rap up, if you liked the Gameplay you saw in the trailer. You will absolutely love this game.What a steal at under $40!"
,Recommended,324800,26024784,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,NEON,Wang is back in ACTION !!! This game is pure gold no more word to say  it's better than AAA+ game from some of the other dev only thing that bad in this game is--- NO HOJI ----
76561198033766545,Recommended,324800,26025001,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Ketram,"Shadow Warrior 2 doesn't have as interesting of a story or as interesting characters as the Original Remake, but it delivers where it matters: Blood, Gore, and Wang jokes. The combat is fast and fluid, and there are always more interesting weapons to find. It also runs extremely well, though I have heard some people have FPS drops. I didn't notice any problems."
,Recommended,324800,26025107,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Hunkules,"This is honestly a cross between the 2013 Shadow Warrior reboot and Diablo/Borderlands, who then tooka picture of Bloodborne to it's hairdresser.It has the core gameplay of Shadow Warrior (2013) with the loot of a Diablo and some Borderlands mechanics to bridge the gap, topped off with Bloodborne style dashes for evading enemies.Pros:- Enough Wang for everyone- Amazing melee combat- Weighty ranged combat- Amazing movemeb- Huge arsenal of weaponry- Fantastic gore system- Hilarious Dialogue- Engaging and surprisingly heartfelt story- Georous graphics- Well optimised with an expansive options menu- Looting is fun- Co-Op is a riot- Large number of difficulty options to tailor to your needsPro/Con depending on taste:- A combination of good and so-bad-it's good writing and voice acting (It's on purpose)- Not open world, but the individual levels are very expansive and quite open with a lot of verticality, with the non story locations having a small amount of procedural design (the layout of the level and the enemy spawns are shuffled).  Every level still feels hand crafted.- Death isn't particularly punishing (respawning is almost identical to Borderlands, you lose some money and mobs get their health back)Cons/Bugs:- Rare Hangs- Stuff floats occasionally (usually chunks of dismembered bad guy)- Multiplayer has a few bugs and/or quirks that will hopefull be ironed out- The UI is a little clunky and could use a slight usability update (e.g. comparing weapons and gems)- Load times are a little long, but the levels are very big and packed with stuffFlying Wild Hog really Wang upped themselves with this one."
,Recommended,324800,26025194,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Sunder,Fantastic balls deep first person insalt ninja wannabe!
76561198141713260,Recommended,324800,26025230,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,derge,So far I have enjoyed this so much more than Borderlands. Fast paced well balanced combat and amazing weapon variety. A must buy for any FPS fan or Just gamers in general. I have a crappy PC and I still get no less than 60 FPS even in intense situations graphically. Incredibly fun to play. Similar to the DOOM reboot but with a very well implemented rpg system which doesnt overly consume the raw FPS gameplay.
,Recommended,324800,26025282,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,S'ir P-i'smwn Kle [Sky Spawn #1],"Hot damn already starting off this one ♥♥♥♥ing hot. Gameplay is ♥♥♥♥ing same as before if not smoother, and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥you move fast. All the weapons have gone a bit borderlandsy in terms of elemental types and upgradey damage numbery♥♥♥♥♥♥ God it's just good. Just buy it.♥♥♥♥ it's good."
,Recommended,324800,26024766,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,高桥凉介,"Not much to say...Shut the xxxx up and take my money :) really nice to play .Absolutely not wasting ur money to buy it .got a little bit hard to kill that demon :) need skill ,sound like Doom ...100% good game (Can help you relieve a lot of pressure).Trust me :))"
76561198050574053,Recommended,324800,26025414,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,LeJail,Really good game i can only recommend this :D and 100% more fun with friendsbtw running game on ultra with this pc:MSI Gaming Notebook GL72I7-6700HQ 2.6Gz-Boosting-3.5GTX960M 2VRAM8GBRAM
,Recommended,324800,26065036,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,kureiji,New school shoot em/slash em up. Elements of jolly co-op and rpg that add to the spice of the game greatly.  Fans of Quake/Doom/Duke will enjoy.
,Recommended,324800,26065154,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Kick@$$,"Remember the 90's?....FPS'?I haven't had a statified run and gun experience since DOOM 2, and this game brings that feeling back in spades with some muliplayer and Boarderland-esk loot dropping to keep the game replayable. If you want to laugh at stupid jokes about a certain body part, blow some holes into demons with friends, and feel badass all at the same time, I'd say pick this game up!"
76561198062105052,Recommended,324800,26065735,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Ex_Parrot,Slash and shoot your way through a horde of demons. Find and customise a huge range of weaponry. Make jokes that would make a Saint's Row character blush. What's not to like?
,Recommended,324800,26065761,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Evilno,"Great freaking game, if you enjoyed the reboot of Shadow Warrior then youll freaking love this game.  Combat is super fluid and the new weapon customize system allows for a great deal of diffrent tactics in the combat that just keeps it fresh."
76561198042816317,Recommended,324800,26063240,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,MEЯCY,"great game 22/10, would buy shadow warrior 3."
,Recommended,324800,26061896,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,big brody,I've never had this much adrenaline since 'nam
,Recommended,324800,26063538,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,theWeregopher,"Take the endless looting from borderlands and the gunplay from doom, then add swords and coat the whole thing with a seemingly endless supply of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes.If you like FPS games, and aren't the type to run to your safe space over a politically incorrect joke, you will love this game."
76561198062449018,Recommended,324800,26063653,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,43,"Reminds me a lot of Borderlands 2, just with awesome melee combat and dirty jokes!"
76561198004305517,Recommended,324800,26063713,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Friendly Slowbro,Guys you played this game? No? wtf go buy it.
,Recommended,324800,26063788,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Paladinmatt,"By far one of the best co-op games I have played in years. Single player is an option but the best way to play is with a friend or two. Combat is fast paced and unforgiving but not unfair, with a wide selection of weapons and upgrades to keep the game interesting through hours of play. Has an rpg style loot system but individual loot, leading to no arguments over who gets what and no ninja looting by randoms. The semi snappy semi dumb humor in the writing style keeps it funny and light hearted. It has an old school fps feel with a modern coat of paint and brilliant co-op support. A $40 price tag makes it all the sweeter, with most games costing $60, or even $100 (for dlc, or as I see it, for the full game) nowadays. With all that said, it's just stupid fun. Highly recommended."
76561198036454287,Recommended,324800,26063869,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,IceWeasel,"Excellent work! A pre-ordered game that wasn't a disappointment this year.Missions are interesting and levels are very open which makes it fun to hunt for loot, There isn't too much that you get overwhelmed but enough to keep you going.Plus the violence!Good addition to your collection."
76561198208886891,Recommended,324800,26064157,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Taka,chinese please
,Recommended,324800,26064233,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,ViRusS,The epitome of a combat
76561197987673900,Recommended,324800,26064409,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Thresholdbreaker,"Had a great time playing this game. The weapon designs are great, the upgrade capability for gems is a nice touch, and the fact that you get better loot as the difficulty increases only makes me want to play the game more. It pokes fun at itself and the genre  which had me laughing through a good chunk of the game. Pick this one up for your library!"
,Recommended,324800,26023581,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Shadowrazer,weapons is better than SW2013SW2013 have better storySW2013 have better bossesSW2013 have better difficultiesstill very good game though
,Recommended,324800,26064738,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,BERSERKER543,really fun XD
,Recommended,324800,26064746,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,NMS88,Great game Great pricing
76561198039820703,Recommended,324800,26081939,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Eyune,One of the greatest FPS game experiences of 2016.In my opinion.If your curious on how the game plays think best bits of Doom 2016 and best bits of Borderlands mashed into one game.Well done devs on a great game. I hope you strive further to bring an even better game with Shadow Warrior 3.
,Recommended,324800,26082218,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Skafian,This game is damn fun.
76561198171484249,Recommended,324800,26082274,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,DrKchetes,"Doom 2016 meets Ninja Gaiden..... yes, it is that AWESOME. This is how games are done."
,Recommended,324800,27285523,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LifeForHire,Best game to release for a long time.
76561198061130113,Recommended,324800,27328648,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rick,"Long, Hard and ribbed for my pleasure!Wangtastic!"
76561197970802213,Recommended,324800,27344413,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lyan,You like to be a super ninja here is the game for you!!ProsGreat graphicNice musicGreat jokes. Wan is the manLots of weaponsAnd lots A**holes to killWhat more can you ask for????
,Recommended,324800,27342637,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Clone,"The length does not matter, it is how you use it."
76561198124192098,Recommended,324800,27334173,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MaskedGrapefruit,Really good game with fun story and exellent gameplay.
76561198071776383,Recommended,324800,26022524,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,GHOST,"Once again another awesome Shadow Warrior game plus the preorder was worth it. Runs great on my system there is alot to do in Shadow Warrior 2 besides slicing people up and shooting things. Secrets are well hidden, Lots of weapons, Free Roam to build up more exp and find better weapons and gems over all i give this game 10/10 i have not experienced any problems with this game since day 1 i recommend this game to every one both new and returning gamers from the first Shadow Warrior."
76561198155718554,Recommended,324800,27326498,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Alex,Doom on steroids. It's so optimized its beautiful T_T
,Recommended,324800,27330091,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Malingos,Awesome game great continuation of the first game I hope there's more
,Recommended,324800,27349825,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,System_Zero,"Like Borderlands, but actually enjoyable if played alone. Levels can feel repetitive and some enemies are reskins of other enemies. But who cares. You'll be too busy slicing, shooting, and super powering to notice or care. The co-op is just and added bonus. Grab a friend and your favorite weapon and get ready to unleash to beast. Who wants some Wang."
,Recommended,324800,27346676,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,OnLY //,Even more action!
,Recommended,324800,27384635,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr.Polludo,♥♥♥♥ing amazing
76561198063790844,Recommended,324800,27373279,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Glex,One of the best games I've played in a long time
76561197972569053,Recommended,324800,27382440,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Morps,Just enjoying my time with this game.Pros:good price for valueFPS melee/ranged experienceGraphicsSemi-generated random mapsFights in generalCons:Short story
,Recommended,324800,26196760,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Creature,"Coming out of Shadow Warrior into Shadow Warrior 2, you're going to notice some big changes right off the bat. The way you upgrade your weapons and skills takes a little getting used to. Not because of the difficulty as much as just all the new features. I'm not a big fan of changes. If I like the first game, I just want more of the same in the second, but it just doesn't seem to work that way in the game world. Even with that being said, this is one of the best sequels I've ever played. The added ability to jump and climb into places you could not before alone more than makes up for any curves the new system throws your way. As an update to this review, I just beat the game for the second time. Went all out on insane, and it has to be said you are getting a lot of game for your money. I'm still collecting new weapons and needed skill points. Looks like I'll be going for a third run to collect the last of the hidden goodies to add this to the perfect game list. Going as far as to say, bring on the DLC and I'll buy it too. Excellent Game!!!"
,Recommended,324800,27376392,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[ars] CmdrVimes,Plenty of mindless slaughtering of demons and bad guys. Full of terrible one-liners. Overall lots of fun to be had.
,Recommended,324800,27377224,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Don't be a stupid hat,"Preordered this game and still don't regret it for a second.The gunplay is visceral and satisfying, and the swordplay and melee is frantic and fun. Movement is fast paced with double jumps and dashes, and there is no cover or chest high walls anywhere in sight. It reminds me of Unreal Tournament with its double dodge, and more recently DOOM with the fast paced movement and hordes of enemies.You can upgrade your supernatural skills and your weapons, adding in more damage or doing elemental damage, or even dual wielding guns or throwing them out as turrets. You have your normal elemental types, like fire and ice (which'll slow enemies), and you can make enemies' bodies explode when killed by caustic. And there are a whole range of guns you can find and use, different level mods you can find (and later on grind together for better quality output), or just sell outright to a vendor. Pistols, SMGs, Rifles, heavy machine guns, shotguns, swords, chainsaws, chainsaw-swords, bows, laser weapons, grenade launchers, rocket launchers and more. You can turn invisible, go into a rage and do more damage while taking less, you can impale enemies on spikes, freezing them in place, or push them all back so they fall over and become stunned for a while. You can even drain health from enemies.Maps have random sections that are generated, so each playthrough will have different areas, or locations of loot and chests, as well as enemies. Most maps also have a special or mini-boss each, which can drop a special weapon (as well as an achievement). Sometimes the foliage can become a little hard to see through, but you do have a minimap that'll show red dots to where enemies are (should show up even if you can't see them). The map also shows loot that you may have overlooked, or a chest you still have to open. And you can replay maps again and again once you finish with 'em.There's a story here, too, but if you just want to get to the ""good"" parts you can skip most dialogue if you want."
76561198080526242,Recommended,324800,27362916,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ILikeTrainsKid,"This game is pretty long, but not as long as my wang."
,Recommended,324800,27362900,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DblClutch,This game is a blast to play. In ways in reminds me of Serious Sam.  Action is fast paced and enemies or numerous.  What makes this wonderful is the commentary of your character.  The lines are just great.  I couldn't stop laughing.  Highly recommended.
76561198069898959,Recommended,324800,27361645,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tim,This game is dope
,Recommended,324800,27360503,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,holodeck javascript api,"Good loot shooter, has solid weapons and the movement options you have make the game feel almost like some kinda character-action shoot-game ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child."
76561198017126502,Recommended,324800,26155631,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,standaloneworld,Wang/10Would♥♥♥♥♥♥joke again
,Recommended,324800,26154704,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Kanibel,"Can't play this game as much as I'd like too but my god this is fun game. The jumping around, the shooting, the slashing, the slaying of demons all feel fantastic!Only complaint would be the loot system, which becomes a bit micro-managery but it definitely adds to the gameplay and adds a dynamic layer to the game.Regardless of that problem I would definitely recommend!"
,Recommended,324800,26154804,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,ToxicOmnichrom,"I wrote this review just to raise the percent of positive reviews. Not only is this game only 40 dollars, which is 2/3 of what big releases, like this one, should be (60$), but this game also has hot chicks. Unlike ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ like Mafia III, this game is so worth its money I can't even explain. I am ♥♥♥♥♥♥ at writing liegit reviews, so keep scrolling for that review that is as long as my♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,324800,26022256,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Deathbit #vLc,"Probably one of ... if not THE most optimized game iv played in almost a decade. Minus some of the muddy textures on some of the people ... and the odd akimbo/dual wield animations.. this game is a must buy for thos looking for a fast frantic shooter with just enough differant to keep it intertesting... also .. tons .. of... weapon .. types :DEdit: As of 1.1.3.0 patch doing a huge pass through of drops... and balence ... the game has gotten even better.. .. sad to see some of the bugs gone.. ""looking at you king skeletor xD"" .. but over all the quality.. and difficulty has been made much more solid.. at least in my opinion."
,Recommended,324800,26157316,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,[dW]caustiK,very fun
76561198079184058,Recommended,324800,26036251,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,MetroEarth,11/10 would pre-buy again.  Get It.  First SP game I've enjoyed in years.  Cant wait to get to the multi-player afterwards.On par or even better than Doom in my opinion.  the game flow is amazing.  Absolutely worth purchasing.
,Recommended,324800,26157970,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,1objection,"The ending was came quickly and felt incomplete (possibly to hint at a sequel), unlike the previous Shadow Warrior game . However, the humor in this game still stands and the story is still great."
,Recommended,324800,26185955,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Bradley Jones,Its a really fun game if you like Hack and Slash and/or DOOM style of games as it does this really good in my oppinionThe Positives:+Good optimisation+Fun gameplay+variety of enemy types+Replay value for if you want to find better guns etcThe Negatives:-Dont play it for the story you wont be satisfiedall in all a verry good game so i say ill gave it a 8.7 out of 10 its definitly worth it
,Recommended,324800,26185496,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,mAik,"This is game ♥♥♥♥♥♥ awesome!! I love it. Hack, Slash, Move, Dash, Fight, Ice, Fire, Electro, Bam, Bam, Bam.I love it. :-)(I am an ~70% progress, Insanity 1)"
76561198151242087,Recommended,324800,26180519,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,junkman,"I love this game. So far I see they built on the first one nicely, I really enjoy the feel of this game and all it's humor. This game is definatly a good buy. Good job guys!"
,Recommended,324800,26170892,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,StroboWolf,"So... Shadow Warrior 2. If I had to rate this Wang from Lo to tough, I'd give it ""rock hard"". The fighting, whether you'd use guns or swords, everything feels satisfying and impactful. Only nit-pick are these crystals to upgrade your weapons. Neat effects, but it's a chore to manage them all. The story is negletable, but the very last fight... god damn... literally. Graphically and aethestically this game is georgeous, but the colours happens to blend with the enemies and it can get quite confusing. The playtime is... pretty short. I played through all missions and side-mission straight and got 14 hours out of it. I smell DLCs... but it'd still worth it."
76561198211176132,Recommended,324800,26170917,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,FUPAGod_Brando,Bad:Short campaign (I have 100% completion in less then 7 hours)Enemy spongesThe upgrade systems offer little to be desiredThe humor like the last one is lame...the kind of jokes your single uncle tellsGun modles are too big....its had to navigate with some weapons equiptGood:Price pointGun Play is meatyGood MechanicsThe game runs like butter
76561198033100610,Recommended,324800,26192343,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Rick Grimes,Yeah sure shadow warrior 2 tried new things. But i dont see any problem as long as they nailed it. The combat is a lot better than shadow warrior 1. the elemental system is a good way to make you use combos which i like. the gameplay is better than ever and i cant understand why some people dont like it. And most important this game feels like i play dishonored with the open world type maps and i love dishonored so yeah if you liked shadow warrior 1 shadow warrior 2 is just an improvement well worthed the money
76561198016331579,Recommended,324800,26020048,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Kaiser,"It's ninja Borderlands, which is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome."
,Recommended,324800,26020093,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,[>DDoS<] MoD_Mike,Loving itPro'sWangJokesCo-opBlood and GoreGraphicsFun gameplayCon'sDon't get the Pre-order sword till 2nd mission that's it so far
,Recommended,324800,26020097,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Prince Sigvald The Magnificent,One of the best games of 2016 so far.. atleast better than most other  titles -_- The graphics are palin awesome at 4k .. textures are very sharp and game physics is amazing.. maxed out all settings at 4k and fps ranges from 50 in very demanding areas with lots of foliage.. most of the time fps remains in 70-90 .. overall a very good optimized title (the main reason) and fun gameplay (i7 6700k GTX 1080 amp extreme 16gb ddr4-3800)
,Recommended,324800,26020182,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Daddy,gud
,Recommended,324800,26020200,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Spearhead,Who doesn't love some Wang?
,Recommended,324800,26020394,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Limbcutter,"Not gay, but I can't stop thinking about Wang."
,Recommended,324800,26020396,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Pure Cena,Deadpool mixed with borderlands mixed with ninjas.  I'm in.
,Recommended,324800,26060935,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,ZauTa,"Shadow Warrior 2 is a very fun game. There are cool and fun to use weapons, interesting missions (as far as RPG missions go), and some decent humor.My only real problem with the game is that I did ever single mission and it only took me 12 and a half hours. I do however feel that there is a good bit of replayability in doing chalanges like melee weapons only, and also just seeing what weapons I find.Overall it was a fun game and I will continue to play it, if someone is only going to play the story once, I recomend waiting a bit for the game to go on sale."
,Recommended,324800,26061142,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,NoXin,Very fun game!+Fun combat+Music+Grapich+Fun skills+Alot of loot!+Gore
,Recommended,324800,26061254,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Mr. Glass,"awesome game. Levels are fun, weapons feel good, RPG mechanics are interesting, graphics are gorgeous, and story is entertaining. 10/10"
,Recommended,324800,26061367,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Goat Meat,Your Wang will grow stonger every hour you play. I'm 10x as large and still growing. 10/10 would Wang a lot more. If you like video games you won't regret this purchase.
,Recommended,324800,26032651,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,KitsuneRisu,"This miraculous elixir is made out of the tears of Gearbox Software's ex-fans, distilled in a fine cask of Ninja Oak, and aged lovingly before being bottled and shipped in hand-made flasks. It has highlights of kick♥♥♥♥♥ amazeballs, solid gameplay, camp humour and balanced systems. Also a touch of elderberry.I recommend this medicine to anyone suffering from Borderlands Butthurt, a terrible affliction that plagued us all once in the past, but now cured by Flying Wild Hog Pharmacies."
76561198110291118,Recommended,324800,26033711,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,BladeRunner81,"Great Game, The comedy and magic make me want to watch ""Big Trouble In Little China"". Love the game."
,Recommended,324800,26033975,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,ST4RG4Z3RKアN,Best Game to relieve stressBUT THAT ♥♥♥♥ING CLIFFHANGER!!!!
,Recommended,324800,26057829,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Hemky,I have a swordI have a demonUghh...Where did the demon go?P.S. Add me and play co-op with me *lonely*
76561198032254419,Recommended,324800,26057857,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Vector.M,"This game is an AAA gem at an incredible low price. Just get it, you wont regret it!"
76561198002818065,Recommended,324800,26057907,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Secret Asian Man,The ending was very abrupt and the multiplayer is extremely laggy atm. Everything else is AMAZING. It was definitely worth the $30. I haven't had so much fun and laughed so hard in a long time. I wanted more Wang and I got a ton of it. I look forward to buying more Wang in the future! xD
,Recommended,324800,26021298,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,bLaRki,"Incredibly fun and addicting game, Love the special enemies and all the possible loadouts you can have, If you want to be tanky or go for full on guns or melee, 100% Recommended for people who love gore games"
,Recommended,324800,26058501,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,MeremSolomon,This is a big wang
76561197993721020,Recommended,324800,26059538,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Chrissx2 Quake is life!,Wangtastic!
,Recommended,324800,26059552,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,KANO,"Honestly, what's not to like? Get it and support a good game & developer."
76561198017230875,Recommended,324800,26059777,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Neebs,"If you love Borderlands 2, you will adore this game. havent had this much fun since BL2. Must Buy"
76561198003291250,Recommended,324800,26059899,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,『 Fuzz 』,Best game i have played this year story could have been longer but the combat is amazing and i have had alot of fun playing it with my friend and solo will continue to play alot of people say its does not live up to the first one but i think it does its just a little diffrent over all i love the game and recommend it to anyone looking for this sort of game
76561197972335033,Recommended,324800,26059931,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,DarkJoker,NEEDS MORE HOJI
,Recommended,324800,26040819,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,☼☽RAGEQUITTER☾☼,It's like Serious Sam and Borderlands had a baby.
,Recommended,324800,26060086,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Gape Newell,this game is a baby of borderlands and doom very gud :P
76561197984367298,Recommended,324800,26060123,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,BruceLeroy9000,"This is a fun hack and slash game. I just finished a co-op stream on YT with it. You just have to finish the prologue first before you can join a friend (like most games now).  If you want to see gameplay to see if this game is right for you, check it out.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxYd0IDHEjA"
,Recommended,324800,26043911,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,🖤Nix Abyss♌,"I loved everything about the first Shadow Warrior remake/reboot. And this just adds so much and builds upon that. It's like Diablo meets Borderlands in a demon ninja Shadow Warrior worldspace. Diablo like enemies like the tiers of the same mob etc etc and Borderlands style loot and shooter. Great FPS, gore, and Comedic fun. I couldn't not recommend this and the First one. If you love the old classic style FPS's like SW, DOOM, and Duke Nukem. You'll love the modern spin on this old ""OG"" classic FPS. Love Shadow Warrior and thank you so much Flying Wild Hog and Devolver Digital.  This game runs, looks, and plays so ♥♥♥♥ing beautiful. I only played 2 hours so far(at the time of writing this) and already know it's completely outstanding. I hope you get to experience this amazing FPS game. If you're tired of COD and MOH, give this a wild shot in the dark. <3 Spread the love of the classics. Get the modern ones so we get more good FPS goodness that's a newage of old times."
76561198024845522,Recommended,324800,26043934,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Inviktys,"More wang for your buckPositives+ Procedural* Environments : predesigned and intricately detailed sets filled in with random  content and connections, so still a unique layout each time.+ Fast paced combat: more so than 2016 DOOM.+ Movement: You are truly a ninja and the levels are designed around that, try dash -> double jump+ Runs like a dream : all settings ultra and 200% scale resolution on 2 GTX 970's and i7-4790k+ Procedural Dismemberment: I didn't even know I wanted this, it's great.+ Gory and Violent combat+ Loot system and upgrading your weapons is really enjoyable+ Co-op+ Immature humor which I enjoy.+ Beautiful : This is a graphical masterpiece as well, maybe not the indivual aspects but all together is makes a great spectacle that I enjoy looking at+ Crunchiness: The chainsaw's bite into flesh and slowly rip their way through, Shotguns blow holes through torsos and bodies, Bows have the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic Thhhhnnnk.+ 36.00 Dollars, well worth the price, in fact it's a steal for the fun and polish this game has+ Reactive enemies (in combat): You go in for a strike and they execute a great dodge, very cool and plays well into the fast pace natureIndifferent's~ The head wobble can be disorienting, but does immerse into the kinetic nature of the gameplay~ Story: does it's job to get you to demon slaying, not particularly memorable but definitely helped out by enjoyable charactersNegativesThese are very minor but still annoying, I believe updates will fix this.- Collision with the cluttered scenes can be annoying, getting your toe stuck on a wall, rock, statue, etc combined with the head wobble can be disorientating and annoying- Physics can be wonky sometimes, body parts hovering in mid air- The action of looting is not fun. The auto-absorb feature is sluggish, I think a Borderlands style press E for single, Hold E for all would be better or a faster more reactive absorbing- Enemy AI out of combat can be really stupid, sniping an enemy with a bow will aggro them, but they just huddle around in the area not really searching or clearly seeing me 30 feet awayAn Amazing game from a very talented and creative studio with a central , fleshed out, and refined focus on violent over the top violence."
76561198045659727,Recommended,324800,26018054,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Red X,Enough Wang to go around.It's like Shadow Warrior and Diablo 2 had a baby.And you know that no one that grew up playing Diablo 2 would say that lightly.
76561198041832832,Recommended,324800,26030830,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Reawer,Best game i've played in years.10 times better than borderlands 210 times more optimized than Mafia 3And 10 times better looking than Fallout 4
,Recommended,324800,26030865,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,DullxDull,各方面都强于一代，尤其是开场BGM，太燃了~~
76561198184509949,Recommended,324800,26031026,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,lordbmpx,"As of playing it day 1, there are some audio and video glitches to be found in the game (but that will be patched eventually)If you played the first Shadow Warrior then you will be familiar with the gameplay and controls. If not go try the first one if you want to know the full story and if you want to wait a week for bug fixing. So far into the game its been a blast but will change review once I finish the game or if theres new dlc etc. This series is easily going to be in my top 10 series for its1)fun humor2)great combat3)Enjoyable Story4)Wang"
76561198088384402,Recommended,324800,26042599,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,cucko,"Mucho funs, best gaim evar, 69/21"
76561198098590598,Recommended,324800,26042611,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,#Reina,Great Game.!
76561197970508576,Recommended,324800,26042628,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,TekNut71,Awesome Game!!
76561197983914009,Recommended,324800,26042920,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,shawnzilla72,"Great game, I have only two 970 gtx sc's  and it is doing very well even after pushing it."
76561198008302916,Recommended,324800,26043125,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,dirtyCAT,"Epic.Shadow Warrior 1 with prettier graphics, open world game play, a loot system.It IS fairly heavy. Don't expect to run it on your cheap potato setup at max - but if you are an adult and can read system specs - and if the gameplay vids float your boat then its glorious fun."
,Recommended,324800,26048090,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Trex,"So basically Deadpool hooked up with Tracer and learned some tricks.He then went to Japan to defeat in Doom-like zombies with his katana & Borderland weapons.While hacking his way through Diablo-like generated worlds, he always makes sure to stay on the path of Kung Fury.11/10"
,Recommended,324800,26048759,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Vault,"""♥♥♥♥ing Kids"" - Lil wang"
,Recommended,324800,26048811,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,MoMMI,My only regret was forgetting this existed when I could preorder it.
,Recommended,324800,26045346,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,ƒnord™,Me love Wang long time! 10/10!
,Recommended,324800,26048887,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Berduard,Killed♥♥♥♥ingrabbits which were having sexual intercourse.Rabbits turned into savage fluffy demon beast.Rabbits decided to eat my face.10/10.
,Recommended,324800,26047423,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Securop,g00d! Fun!Nuff said...
,Recommended,324800,26047432,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Rios,"It's everything I loved in Shadow Warrior 2. Crude humor, big bad demon things to slaughter, and tons of weapons to choose from. Now with upgrades and friends? Couldn't ask for more!!"
,Recommended,324800,26047510,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,LD.Pig,Yes.
,Recommended,324800,26047568,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Valentin,I got everything and more than I anticipatedHoji would be proud
,Recommended,324800,26060143,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Ryuusei,"This Game Is Great, Wang Is The Probably One Of The Most Funniest Characters I Know.I Recommend Buying This 9/10."
76561197974744742,Recommended,324800,26060185,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Soldat,"This game is fun, has a great sense of humor and the devs don't like DRM."
,Recommended,324800,26060352,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Hedgeson,"Wang bam thank you Ma'am.Haven't found the selfie stick yet.This game is pretty good. Watch a few trailers, and buy the game."
,Recommended,324800,26045950,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Lakrimo,"Most fun i've had in long time - hits all the right notes with me. It's an  FPS RPG like Borderlands\Destiny with gameplay tropes taken from Diablo - while the gunplay itself reminds me of the recent doom - hectic. Loot system is very satisfying, most drops are useful and feel balanced, fantastic variety of weapons that are creative and fun - play on hard or higher for a decent challenge so you've gotta keep moving to avoid getting swarmed and play smart with your loadout and ammo. Melee plays a critical role (wish there were finishers - not a complaint, but would've been a nice touch, the slice and dice dynamic works fine though). Upgrade system is easy to learn and provides countless combinations (think similar to FF7 material system). Story & Humor is straight from the '90s, that was my heyday so i'll admit bias to that one - but its a refreshing step back from the deep and highly-produced story content we get in games now days. If I had to level a criticism (note I haven't finished the game - but played enough now to gauge core qualities), GFX are mostly great but some of the models (especially facial) are very rough, compared to most other games out there - not enough to be a problem, but you do notice it. Also, game could outlive its novelty, as I said i'm still playing it - once i've maxed out my stats and have the best arsenal, not sure if it'll hit the diablo end-game problem. But I'll add that levels are HUGE, and you're allowed to free-roam again diablo style for loot and xp, so hopefully replayability won't be an issue. Can't speak for co-op yet, i'll give that a whirl once I wrap up the campaign, but fact its there again addresses longetivity for the game after you've completed the story. Highly recommend if you liked the aforementioned games and fast paced FPS. (Oh, and if you played the first SW you'll know what you're getting - think that game melded directly with diablo)."
,Recommended,324800,26046195,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,freeway,"This game caught me by surprise, i played the first installment and liked it, but this one is something else.Everything about it is great, from graphics to gameplay mechanics, it really is surprising how well it is done.Maybe the story is not the most intricate but I came here to slice up demons anyway. I'll be damned if this game does not get the exposure it deserves"
76561197972187361,Recommended,324800,26049999,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,[DE]Topperharly,oooh look a bunny...i am gonna kill you........♥♥♥♥..heeelp!!!!
,Recommended,324800,26052803,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,DoomSoldier,"Game is fantastic in everyway possible, the only downside was the recent update to change the diffculty from comedy jokes into actual easy normal and hard etc.Rip Need more wang (Hard)"
76561198045639733,Recommended,324800,26053016,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Lapu,"Pros - everything related to gameplay, really nicely balanced, lots and lots of fun - chanalging on higher difficulty level which is rare these daysCons - when i'm increasing FOV it creates this nasty fish eye effect  and its blured on the sides..."
,Recommended,324800,26053033,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Sicazaids,"Do you like Diablo? How about Borderlands? Do you love having so much loot you don't know what to do with it all? Combine all that crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥with some amazing first person melee/shooter mechanics and you have my game of the year. This game does not dissapoint. You think it's going to be linear, boring, and almost like DOOM? NOPE! You can be whatever you want to be the custimization in this game is insane. Every weapon you make is unique and you're going to have a blast strategizing new ways to blast your foes with your wang."
,Recommended,324800,26052956,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,vxMaximal,"Can't recall having this much fun with gaming in awhile! Incredibly smooth gameplay, great atmosphere, and plenty of offbeat humor and action. The soundtrack is pretty damn exciting too. It also works extremely well with an xbox one controller (coming from a guy that prefers KB+M on FPS), so fire up that steam link or hook up your PC to your living room TV for some awesome couch gaming. For $40, you need to get this now! Oh by the way, it's DRM FREE, so much respect to the devs for going that route."
,Recommended,324800,26108225,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,DeltaOokami,11/10 Best Wang I've ever had!
,Recommended,324800,26108336,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,KSS_,MRDA JAK HAJZL !
,Recommended,324800,26108348,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,mitspieler,The movement and combat gameplay makes up for the weird design choices.
76561197966798671,Recommended,324800,26108446,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Fujibaga,"So far a very entertaining ride.Game is great though a little lost on if it wants an open world mission approach compaired to its linear story predecessor.Combat seems much faster and certainly more chaotic with most bosses summoning minions mid battle. Not sure if I am a fan of the various upgrades which can keep even the early weapons usefull, but seems like a little more thought and effort for a game which seems to be trying for fast and loose battles.  I do wish the loot dropped from foes and chests didn't have quite the spread to find in single player."
76561198016474624,Recommended,324800,26108634,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,whitedragonking!!!!,Hum so lets see.Hummor is great.Story is great.Guns are great.Blades are great.Returning charaters are greatCons -Maps suckLoot sucksMissions are too short.and No Oni.7/10ITs fun but the maps and the loot are so painful!!!
,Recommended,324800,26108806,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Noob1738,best game of 2k16
76561198010407906,Recommended,324800,26108962,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,sathitsak,So good 10/10.In shadow warrior 3 will this game be able to compette with borderland series for sure.
,Recommended,324800,26030066,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Fidget Dabber the Pious,"So far as I can tell it's pretty good, Co-op was a great addition. If you like RPGs, shadow warrior, and jokes, then get this game."
,Recommended,324800,26030194,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,br0k3n •υи∂єf•,"Beautiful Graphics, Smooth gameplay, Great plot, and the comic relief.  This game is the whole package.  A must have for anyone who enjoyed the origional Shadow Warrior."
76561198079352298,Recommended,324800,26034603,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Gap a nab nab,Who wants some wang?
76561198015959251,Recommended,324800,26034642,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,duhflushtech,"Overall, a very good sequel to the reboot, though it has some flaws that make it not as good as the brilliant reboot.  I'd still heartily recommend this one, but just be aware that it's not quite the same kind of game that the first reboot was anymore.Pros:-The noment to moment gameplay loop is still top notch.  Melee combat is still great, and the weapons are interesting and feel good to use.  Combat is still super fun and fast paced.-The story is interesting, with decent voice acting-The humor from the first game is still very present here-Sidequests add some extra fun things to do, though it makes the game feel a bit more meandering.-The game looks beautiful.  Graphics are top notch.Cons:-The borderlands-style loot system is too complex for what this game is meant to be, in my opinion.  I'm here to chop up a bunch of demons, not stop very 10 seconds to vacuum up all this loot and then try to figure out whether this new ""+4.5 damage, -1.5 movement speed"" socket is better than the one I already have.  It breaks up the action and makes the whole game feel less tight.-On a related note, the random level generator they touted is a nice idea, but in practice it made the levels feel empty sometimes, without even any enemies to fight.  Entire buildings were just completely barren, with maybe only a chest sitting in the middle.  It really is jarring when you compare it to the great art design of the one-of-a-kind sets they made, both in parts of this game and the last one.  I honestly think I'd prefer fewer but custom designed areas, rather than this huge number of samey, empty feeling areas."
76561197973275558,Recommended,324800,26034695,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Fling,"It's like Duke Nukem, Serious Sam, Dead Pool and Crouching Tiger had a gang bang. Outstanding game, stop reading and go buy this."
,Recommended,324800,26080053,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Fen,"Having finished the game, i can confirm this is a great successor to the series. Albeit short, even with side quests 100%, there is much more to explore for the achievement hunter. I haven't started NG+ yet but i can imagine it combined with No Pain, No Gain difficulty, there will be a whole other experience to be had."
,Recommended,324800,26080695,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Haegemon,"Improved from the 2013 remake in every way. Imagine a single-character Borderlands game with a wise♥♥♥♥♥character and loot that never sucks. Spent 20hrs clearing 100% missions on Hard, just giving my wrists a break for a few days before diving into Insane NG+. Game is extremely fast-paced, bouncing around the arenas, climbing up and around the environments."
,Recommended,324800,26080708,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,a plastic chair,">MUST BUY- Pros -*great action*fun as friggen heck*looks fantastic*runs smooth as butter*lots of weapons and upgrades*easy to pick up*satisfying*multiplayer- Cons -*disorienting cutscenes*toilet humor every other second*forced humor*bad acting--In conclusion--Buy the game, it's really fun. The gameplay is always where shadow warrior has shined, it carries the experience. You'll have to suffer with the cutscenes and terrible humor, but it's not a deal breaker by any means.like an 8/10"
,Recommended,324800,26080722,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,FEARMYLA2ERFACE,"This game is probably my favorate game of this year so far. It is a deffenent improvement from the first game. The co-op aspect to this game is a little underwelming though, I never felt that having a co-op partner would be usefull. This game also has high replayability due to the fact that levels are randomly generated so each mission can be diffrent. I beat the game in about 14 hours (including all side missions). I deffenently got my moneys worth with this game and I highly recommend getting it."
76561198073048733,Recommended,324800,26080731,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Chef Zeff,"A Very good quality game.Even better than the first installment with easier to use abilities, amazing loot system and intense hack and slash situations.It's Story richLo Wang is back and with even funnier comebacks.Hands down a 11/10.My only concerns is the online experience:Its tons of fun and I really trully Enjoy it but,Being the host is like being a god no one can advance untill he advances with the objectives.Force teleporting players after cutscenes interrupts other players when they're scrolling throught the shops.No way of communicating with the other players can be frustrating at times.I wish the 4 coop gameplay was similar to borderlands games where every player is independant and can complete objectives and even play while listening to dialogues instead of this is stop and go feeling I have playing shadow warrior 2.Overall, I am extremly satisfied with this purchase and I cant stop play it since it's release.Chef Zeff"
,Recommended,324800,26081037,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Mac,"Very fun game.  It reminds me of the new Doom, but more melee and jokes.  The proprotagonist is as much, if not more of a♥♥♥♥♥♥as the last game.  The action can get a little repetative by the end, but I think that helps justify the shortish playthrough time.  It also has a Borderlands vibe to it, but with less guns.Overall I really enjoyed this game, the price is right, and the developers seem to really care about this release (no DRM, high frame rates, etc)."
76561197992804143,Recommended,324800,26081114,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,HeHeHeHeXD,Best game I ever baught.SwordsChainsawsMachinegunsNinja dashing.Parry
76561197971828236,Recommended,324800,26081488,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Shriker,"I love this game.  The combat  mechanics are a whole bunch of fun.  I haven't used anything but the melee weapons because they all have a couple of ranged magic attacks and it's fun playing an FPS with just a sword.Once you start adding gems to your weapons, the real carnage begins.The dialogue is horrible.  Not funny horrible, just really, really horrible.  Cringe worthy.  You can skip past the cut scenes once you've had enough and just kill stuff.And killing stuff is what this game gets right.  After I finish a quest in an area, I stick around looking for other mobs to kill, because killing baddies in this game is FUN.If you're looking for an FPS that is different, you won't be dissapointed.  Bad story, terrible voice acting and terrible dialogue but who cares?  It's fun."
,Recommended,324800,26081651,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Danorac,"I started my first save file on ""You Want Wang"". Deleted that after a couple story missions and started a new save file on ""No Pain, No Gain"".The game froze on the first loading screen of my new playthrough.I was so good at the game, it broke on me."
76561198002551321,Recommended,324800,26078191,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Kani=SA-Int=,"It's bloody fun!Also, for once a game where recommended specs actually mean you can run it at 60+ fps on 1080p ultra. Not capped at console peasant 30."
76561197986986653,Recommended,324800,26078431,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,misled_youth11683,"I'm having a lot of fun. The endless bad jokes, great gameplay, and a fun story have keeps me interested. I like the new weapons they've added. Some people seem to hate all the loot drops, and while I don't think they've added anything amazing to the game, I don't think it takes away from it either. They've also added sidequests which I like, makes the game a bit longer and gives me more monsters to go hack and slash. I guess my biggest complaint about the game is the graphics look a bit dated at times. Anyway it's a ton of fun, and for only $40 it's worth picking up."
76561198049189831,Recommended,324800,26079007,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Kirby,Fantastic gameplay with beautiful optimized graphics.Running on a low budget gaming laptop system and everything still looks great at a solid fps.
76561198327499958,Recommended,324800,26079044,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Black,One of the best games I've played this year
76561198107406511,Recommended,324800,26084712,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,SailorJade,So me and two friends have played atleast 5 hours of this game and I have to say everything is so perfect.10/10 graphics 10/10 gore :DAlso if you would like to see some of gameplay for it check out the video we made!https://youtu.be/B45cAecI9kY
,Recommended,324800,26087221,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,S1nn3r,I like the game as it is fast paced and fun but it seems WAY TOO EASY. I know Mr. Wang is a badass but even at the most difficult level playing solo I just ran through each level it seemed like.
,Recommended,324800,26083805,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Rin_Mugenjou,"This game is a blast to play, fast paced, frantic, no nonsense. Doom meets diablo meets 80s Asian action movies.THe story is crazy and kinda ridiculous but it makes you keep playing you want to see all those grat enviroments and take down those big bosses. FInding new guns (loot) to play with and just go nuts on large groups of enemies. Its visceral and satisfying. Great gun play in general.The graphics are great too apart from some weird small stuff (Bunnies digging a hole through a wooden board for example).The only really small complaint that I have is that some side missions arent great."
76561198142573674,Recommended,324800,26083867,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,xxTHExxSTIG,I didnt play the first one but this game really has a good humorous story and interesting enemies that keep you guessing. The variey of wepaons i havent been able to see yet but i look forward to spending may hours on this game. Thumbs way the F up for this one!!!
,Recommended,324800,26025494,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Bboy9451,"You play as a Japanese version of Deadpool with cyber-swords, chainsaws, and gattling guns, need I say more?"
76561197970631956,Recommended,324800,26025708,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Dr.Cube,Amazing Gunplay and a crap load of guns!
76561197971964488,Recommended,324800,26025998,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,[HdF] Almut Grete,A lot of Wang ... ehm Fun .. indeed!
76561198025061257,Recommended,324800,26026019,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Pepsiman,Awesome game !
,Recommended,324800,26026025,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,SpacePimp,"pretty good :) try it out , trust me. thank me later"
,Recommended,324800,26026233,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Noobverest,"I give this game an Overall score of: 9/10This game is actually REALLY fun. It's fast paced, the combat is fluid, there's customization, you have a pretty good progression in terms of learning skills/abilities and getting gear, and you have crappy/bad jokes thrown in from beginning to end. There's also NG+ which is a plus.The sound effects are pleasing to hear, when I chainsaw something, you hear flesh getting chainsawed. When I use a gauss rifle, it sounds power and IS actually powerful.The only short coming for this game is the plot. The story doesn't pull you in. I found myself confused around 50% of the time. The main char Lo Wang makes a joke out of everything, so everything feels like a giant joke. It doesn't help that there are times when there are plot holes where they talk about being unable to do something, then they can do it without getting the required item or they just forget about it and the plot moves on.TL;DRGame is fun, but there's a very weak plot. Not really sure if there's replayability, after the first playthrough you can restart from the beginning with all your stuff, but you are already very strong so you can clear the NG+ even on Insane difficulty very easily... it's basically replaying the game so you can grind upgrades and make yourself so strong that you can't die, instead of just difficult to die."
,Recommended,324800,26026242,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Slith,"Holy balls.This game has blown me away with its gameplay and visuals.I did not research on this game at all, went in completely blind, and am glad on doing so.So, this series has spun into a ""Borderlands-esq, meets Diablo, FPS-Hack'n'Slash Looter"" frankenstein'd beauty.The combat feels glorious and fast paced, the weapons feel amazing to use and the dialogue is hilarious.Flying Wild Hogs have really outdone themselves with this game.Well done. Farking well done."
76561198269490044,Recommended,324800,26026324,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Edson,"8 hours into the game, and don't see it stopping being FUN.that's the entire point of video games, to have FUN and i'm having a lot of fun with this one.It's going to be between this game and doom for me as game of the year contenders. I'm glad i bought it.Chainsaw kicks♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198072315682,Recommended,324800,26026437,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Pimp Slayer,"Quick Review:Look, this game doesn’t have “Call of Duty” kind of cash to market it; so that means something caught your eye while you were looking for a new FPS post-DOOM ’16. Great news, you found one of the BEST Loot n’ Shoot titles of all time, if not the best Loot n’ Shoot game on the market. Shadow Warrior 2 is DOOM ’16 meets Borderlands 2; chaotically fun, hilarious, gory, and 5x better with friends.Review:Shadow Warrior 2 is easily one of the best games you will ever pick up for $40 bucks. The game has a lot of replay value; there are secrets everywhere, no 3 Play Sessions will ever be the same, there is 4 Player Co-op, your main character is ACTUALLY funny and interesting, and it is a chaotically fun game that brings a New Standard for the Loot n’ Shoot genre.Pro:01)  The Loot n’ Shoot System has changed so that “Modifiers” are collected, sold, or exchanged. You always keep your favorite gun, and you can modify it to be the best damn gun ever.02)  The Levels are randomized, not Procedurally Generated. The Dev Team boasts that they have created 10’s upon 10’s of levels that swap out each play through, which has turned out to be true. Meaning you can play through the game 3x and still have a unique experience original maps.03)  The Combat is fast, precise, gory, and glorious. You cannot execute the Oni like the Demons in DOOM ’16, but you are 2x Faster than DOOM Guy; plus, you’ve got more mobility and guns to use then you will ever know what to do with them.04)  Lo Wang is a character who is genuinely a sarcastic, comical, 80’s hustler thrown into a world run by Demons and Pretentious/Humorous Jackasses. Lo Wang is portrayed organically, his lines and personality brings character to the FPS Genre and everyone within his game is written perfectly for his character to shine as a “Deadpool” kind of Anti-Hero.There are technical problems. The game can get buggy for no reason at times or even crash. But this is a Must Buy $40-dollar game. I have no reason to think anyone interested in this game would walk away disappointed."
,Recommended,324800,26026524,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Indy11,"What can I say that hasn't been said yet???Life is great....Life is hard...LIFE IS WANG!!!!!Seriously game exceeds expectations. Fluid, beautiful gory madness. It plays great on my gtx 760 2gb with high textures. It's so well optimized. Big devs could learn from these guys. This is how a game is released!!!"
76561198272516125,Recommended,324800,26026528,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,TheIraqiMaestro,"Good PC port. Unlike developers for Mafia 3 and Arkham Knight. If you enjoyed Doom , you will enjoy this . Plus this has some loot and RPG elements as well ( like imbuing gems in your weapons , elemental damage etc2), somewhat like Borderlands...and this has Co-op!!I am running a i7 4790 witn R9 390 and can get 60FPS easily on 1440P on ultra. There are some FPS drops during heavy loads but i expect it to get patched. Don't expect a AAA storyline but it does well enough to keep you entertained with some cheeky dialogues.Note : Certain cutscenes do take longer 10 minutes, so skip at your own discretion.8/10."
76561198040445146,Recommended,324800,26026768,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,kaldausorakle,"Once upon a time Doom got drunk and had kinky sex with boarderlands they had a baby but were sickned by what they had wrought and so it was raised by the only couple crazy enough to do it, shadow warrior and deadpool. Ladies and Gentlemen I give you that child. Cigars and other gifts can be sent to the birth parents or adoptive parents, in the form of cash crystal meth or gallons and gallons of demon blood. ITS AWESOME!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,324800,26016306,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,M1kASa,what a great game
76561197998740830,Recommended,324800,26108154,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,kakerott666,"Needs improvement mainly to loot tables, but i killed the bunny Lord."
76561198027553869,Recommended,324800,26111072,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Tactical GummyBear,Very nice game 10/10
,Recommended,324800,26023035,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,vandal,"This is an amazing game.  I'm in love.  From the weapons, to the skills, graphics, If I had to pick a con it would be the human models could use some work.  The battles can get very intense but once you get the hang of zipping around like a ninja things come together nicely.  9.5/10."
,Recommended,324800,26113558,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Thatsafy,"Right, as of 19th of October 2016, is this game any good?Gameplay is fun. Moving around using double jumps and dashing to gain momentum is done brilliantly. This allows playing the game pretty much at any pace you want, be it sniffing every corner or casually killing things or just basically flying through areas killing things. Weapons are fine as well, swords are fun to use and guns as well after you put some nice upgrades into them to turn them from pellet guns into serious killing machines.However the fun gameplay itself doesn't save this game from the flaws. The content is very limited at the moment of writing this review (might be fixed in the future patches so if this happens discard this part of this review and get the damn game!). The first playthrough was pretty good time, but for a game tries to emphasise on semi randomly generated levels and coop, the variety just wasn't there. While the levels generated were quite nice there wasn't enough variety when going through the game second time onwards.You ""fly"" or walk, whichever you prefer, the same areas doing the same content with very minor differences. The enemies are mostly the same, but every now and then you face randomly generated boss enemies which are to be honest quite fun to fight against since you actually need to avoid their attacks at least a little bit thanks to the damage they deal.Also little bit about the upgrade system. Upgrading skills using the gathered skill points from missions or due leveling is just fine. However the weapon upgrade system still needs some work put into it. Replacing upgrade gems is still a bit pain in the♥♥♥♥♥(but apparently they are working on it) and would greatly benefit from better categorisation since as you progress and the gems keep on filling your endless backbag, it is quite a drag to go through your inventory in look of a replacement gem for your fancy killing machines.So, is this game worth getting? If you have good friends and don't mind too much of lack of variety on levels, sure. I did have blast of a time most of the time while trying to get most of the achievements (still missing the secrets since I am too lazy to find those) and maxing out my character. But if you do want more variety from your games I do suggest waiting for a while if possible until possible patches fixing this area of the game come around."
,Recommended,324800,26105626,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,mythousandfaces,"Cut, shoot, and talk♥♥♥♥♥♥Fun game, my only complaint is that I want more of it. Give me more♥♥♥♥♥♥to cut up, let me kill more dudes and monsters. Buy it, play it, show it to your significant other so they can get it and you can play together.Longer version:Pros: Great diversity of play styles allowed for, from run and gun to sneak and slice, the customization options are great. Fun as ♥♥♥♥. The way you can slice up or shoot up enemies is really satisfying, multiplayer works beautifully, and you can't just crouch behind a rock to heal unless you specifically level up your ninja magic that way. Beautiful environments and dismemberments. More than enough variety in enemy types that you're not just using one play style the whole time.Cons: There needs to be a better way to sort the upgrades, I would have loved some more variety in environments you can kill things in. Sometimes the quips during gameplay get a bit cringe."
76561198023220169,Recommended,324800,26105688,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Vellsi,"Best 30€ I spent in 2016 so far.Excellent combat pacing, character movement and fun map design. You are a ninja with guns and it feels great to move and shoot your way through crowds of enemies, climb onto roofs, leap trough windows while trying to survive and firing your guns all the while.There's not a lot of depth to it though - it's just fast-paced, chaotic mayhem with guns, swords,♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes and cheesy 80s and 90s references. It's not a life-changing enlightening experience.The game has tons of guns acquired through various means with surprisingly rewarding animations and sounds effects and you collect loot to upgrade and change the behaviour of weapons and your character's performance further. The inventory is a bit of a mess though and the game clutters you with too much low-level loot that isn't an upgrade and can't be sorted to quickly find the good stuff.Melee weapons feel extremely rewarding, particularly cutting something in half or stabbing a hole in it. Excellent gore and destructible object interactions. I found myself often destroying the inventory of buildings, cars or walls just for the fun of it.The player character has 4 magical abilities and a character skill system to create your own build around your own playstyle.Something that sticks out is map design because the maps are rather large and open (it's not a corridoor shooter like most modern FPS), have multiple approaches to a goal and are made up of interachangeable segments. This means you will eventually see the same location later in the game but it connects differently to the environment around it. That sounds worse than it is as there is a very organic feel to this process and the visual presentation of environments with all their foilage, buildings and verticality (you can go up and down a lot on most maps) and various landmarks make it an interesting experience to traverse terrain and fight through it.There are secrets (hidden rooms) to be found that reward you for exploration with a bit of currency - some of them are out-of-game references to pop-culture.The AI is not smart or tactical but enemies come in numbers and are reacting and moving fast enough to be a threat. Like in Diablo / Borderlands enemies come with various modifiers like elemental resistances, auras or combat phases you have to deal with. There is physical deformation for enemies - you can shoot parts off or holes into them.I played this alone while being without internet for several days so I can't comment on the co-op feature or netcode but for me a solo playthrough had a bit over 40 hours of content at the second highest difficulty. After finishing the game it allows you to start a new game and pick a new difficulty with the same character - so you could go higher for a second playthrough if you weren't on the highest one already - but you get to keep the stuff you had.Doesn't have much replayability past the first playthrough though as you will have gotten most weapons and end up with good upgraded ones that would trivialize a second playthrough. However, completionists who want everything and the best of it can spend more time on it. There really is a lot of guns to be found and I personally only found 30-ish of 50 secrets on the maps, probably a clear sign that I suck at exploration.The game runs very well with a 1440p resolution on a 120Hz screen but I couldn't keep 120fps on my mid-range GPU and it dropped to 70fps in some situations. The game's options menu allows all the necessary choices to alter or disable annoying graphics effects like chromatic aberration, motion blur, depth of field or temporal anti-aliasing if you don't like it. You can adjust the FoV (field of view) and also increase resolution scale down or up.One technical annoyance is texture steam-in. It's not as bad as some Unreal Engine games had it 4 years ago but Shadow Warrior 2 did not utlize my 8 GB VRAM and instead hovered at around 3,5-4GB and when switching weapons or changing areas quickly in succession I could see blurry textures that take the fraction of a second to get replaced with higher resolution ones.For those who have more skill than me at taking screenshots there's a screenshot mode that allows you to stop time or advance it very slowly and adjust various visual filters and settings to create wicked imagery.All that said it's a 30€ game, not a 60€+DLC one. This shows in polish of content to some extent but I had much more fun with this than with the 60€ releases over the past few years. Make of that what you will, good luck."
,Recommended,324800,26105760,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Murenius,Excellent game. Just the blend between oldschool shooter and modern things like a nice save system and great graphics. The gameplay has exactly the right balance between all elements to keep me in a flow and so far I found myself only wanting to play more and more.Will update once I finished my first playthrough and have some more hours.
76561198079764071,Recommended,324800,26105801,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Aesrien,"Shadow Warrior 2 is a really really really fun fps shooter. The combat is some of the best I've ever seen and is the main point of what makes it so enjoyable. Now, I was a massive fan of both the original and reboot game of the Shadow Warrior series. I also enjoy this one, which seems to be the disconnect for a lot of people. Shadow Warrior 2 is a far different game than the previous, focusing more on combat and loot rather than story and level design. The loot in the game is mediocre, just simple stat boosts most of the time with small differences to combat in others. The level design, rather than being created by someone, is semi-randomly generated which comes down to be not great. It just ends up being a rather unmemorable and semi-boring map which you don't pay too much attention to. However, even though there are many bad things about the game, I still like it. The combat really carries the game, which is really the biggest reason to play the others in my opinion. So if you don't care too much about story or level design and just want some fun, satisfying combat pick it up. You will not regret it.TL;DR:++ Combat+ Weapons-+ Loot-+ Story- Level Design- Voice Acting- Some Animations"
,Recommended,324800,26106277,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Thefabulouswarrior,I played the old arcade gamesthen shadow warrior 2013and now its sequelI am truly amazed what devolver and fwh was able to acomplish this as indie devs(if they are still consciderd that after broforce etc)the fast summaryPROS-when you look at the 2013 game this one has GORGEOUS graphics-the combat is really fun fast pased (if you dash alot and use special abilities )and even if you dont use them it can be fast pased but less (but its still fun)-the combat also never gets boring (in my opinion )-just like the last game the characters are well made and have a fun way of being inplemented even if its a small npc-the sarcasm and voice lines of the game are top notch and really funny-i like the quest system its not overwhelming but it is not that you do a few sides and thats it i spend about 5-8 hours on the sidequest the rest is story-you don't need to horde and loot everything you can just play it fast without looking at alot of the things you can pick like the gems just put level 1 horde and you auto pick it up wich is nice-random generated maps with the quests with certain spots that always look the same-a great story that continues on the past game if you played the last one its really funny if you geth the refernces-if you want a challange you can play insane or hard wich really boosts the fun factor but it also boosts the hoarding factor foor good weapomn upgrades wich can be iritating for some people-WANGCONS-for some people the game can be repeditive-if you play alot and really listen to the voice lines you sometimesw might get bored of them (only if you have heard them all and keep listining to them after playing etc but its not as bad as the thugs from batman arkham knight)-you might not get the references properly if you dont remeber or havent played the last shadow warriorOVERALi would give this game a 10/10really love it and if you love some WANGthen play it
,Recommended,324800,26092635,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Gabryel,"LOVE THE GAME. The gameplay is FANTASTIC makes me feel like an unstopable Ninja god. There are lots of interesting enemies and great level design even for a procedural type and most important >>  GUNS are AWESOME and so many i dunno what to chose soo i go with the katana just because it would feel unfair xD. Other things, music is really great and the story isn't bad at all. Only one ""bad"" thing come to mind, i wish the secondary quest were a little better but that is not the main thing here.9/10 Glad i buyed this game."
,Recommended,324800,26092654,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Hidoshi,"Like Borderlands, but think it's too slow? BUY THISLike Gunz, but hate hacking? BUY THISLike fast past action + lootfest? BUY..THIS"
76561197972364092,Recommended,324800,26093039,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Lockey,"What can I say? Solid game, nice graphics, great performance and loads more one-liners. What are you reading this for? Go get some Wang!Still here? Very well.Shadow Warrior 2 takes the great sword combat and shooting from part one and adds Borderlands style collecting and upgrading, skills and also adds side missions. The upgrade system improves damage and resistance to damage and allows you to add several improvements to each of the many weapons in the game. The weapon loadout is impressive and nicely varied. Besides the many sword variants there's anything from a bow and arrow up to a nail gun. Side missions can be collected from characters in the main hub map and serve to provide skill points for unlocking and improving additional combat and support skills. Skills improve health or chi (used to power abilities) or add new abilities you can use in the game. You also collect money which you can spend in the stores to buy more upgrades (and sell the crap ones). Don't like the collectathon? Then ignore it and slice your way through your enemies the hard way. Just fit in the highest level upgrades every once in a while and you'll be fine. I personally wish I didn't have to rely so much on the minimap for finding chests and items, though. The cluttered maps sometimes make it difficult to recognise things.The story and the writing are okay. The humor is what it is and can sometimes be funny, sometimes not. If you already played the previous game, you know what you are in for. If not, you didn't really miss out, storywise.From the technical side you get a very well optimized game that can really look quite pretty. There are loads of settings to tweak to further improve the visuals or the frame rate. All in all Shadow Warrior 2 is a technically very competent PC title.There's also coop, though I haven't tried that yet.This is a solid if not perfect game that is definitely worth its asking price."
76561198030164454,Recommended,324800,26093120,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,vinkarma,"Shadow warrior 2 is a colorful , well designed game . lots of hack and slash ,gorgeous graphics and a witty protagonist. maps are beautiful but can get repetitive after a while.  The load times between maps are kinda of annoying. Over great hack and slash fps!"
76561198051663166,Recommended,324800,26120986,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,CyborgEyes,"I love the Wang!I thought that nothing can really do better than Doom 2016 for 2016 FPS wise (not a fan of BF)But I admit, DEEPLY SO, I was WRONG.The Wang is the chosen ONE, the one to rule them all, kick them all in the as* anddo it all in style and ABSOLUTE PURE FUN dark comedy. Not as serious as the first Shadow Warrior.RPG element, at its core where it really counts is the style and combat that simply worksthat ORDERS YOU TO HAVE FUN CRACY Joyous MOMENTS of game play, this is what games should be all about...fun!. IT would be shame for anyone to miss this gem of an FPS games, WeLL Done to the developers you have NAIL it! I Love you and please do it again! TAKE MY MONEY!"
76561198045888882,Recommended,324800,26126995,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,bodichong,"The combat system allows the player to play many different ways. The loot system is eh, and the weapons are pretty cool. 15 hours in and I am not tired of it at all."
76561198045681403,Recommended,324800,26119698,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Yumeko Jabami,Being a self-proclaimed ninja have never felt better.
76561198067446107,Recommended,324800,26122553,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,masterswordlink,"Not what I expected this sequel to be but I am happy with the way things were done.Outside of some bugs and cheezy dialogue there is one helluva game here and it is alot of wang for the buck.Glad I got it on steam instead of getting it from the zilla corporation.Hope this series continues and the wang never ends.Many were disapointed (including me),that it didnt feel like the same old wang  but once you play with it for a while you will start to like it better and be glad its not exactly the same as your old wang. Well 23skidoo they did a switcheroo and it is hanging low and plays good so dont be a shade addict and take it for what it is.Good hard wangtime that is fun for the whole family that I being a long time fan of  wang can highly recommend.Hater gonna hate but I give it a perfect 10/10 inches."
76561198012415710,Recommended,324800,26122644,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,TeKay,Awesome sequel to an awesome remake
,Recommended,324800,26122763,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Tyto Hen,"Expected shadow warrior 2013, got Shadow warrior and borderlands cocktail of pure gorey shlock fun.Weapons feel great, upgrades make every weapon personal to your likes and great to use, Melee is extremely fun the mobility is perfect.Game runs like a charm, the netcode could be better but with decent ping its perfectly fine. coming to my only problem, Server finding.Servers need tom show the hosts ping and allow to randomly queue in ping satisfactory games."
76561198009489901,Recommended,324800,26122934,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,PsycloneTread,"The first Shadow Warrior was a dream-remake-come-true. Now that Flying Wild Hog has proven its mettle as a company of gamers-first-devs-second, one can truly understand the love and effort they've put into this project. Lo Wang is as cheesy as ever, a true 90s antihero that could have easily dominated the box office, had a film series been developed on his character. The concept has been redefined, with an open world aura to it and the whole ""side quests/loot/select arsenal/upgrade"" etc etc adopted instead of the simple ""pre-set weapons"" classic FPS way (as was the deal with the first Shadow Warrior). This is being compared to Borderlands (another personal favorite), however, it doesn't include the sometimes ENDLESS walking around. Level design is beatiful, with the procedural aspect making it even more difficult to get bored, prompting for more playthroughs. Swordplay and spellcasting have been slightly redesigned, keeping it simple and effective. The HUD has also been redesigned, now having several more pieces of information (something necessary, considering how much more inventory-oriented this game is). The only thing that can get quite frustrating are the loading times, which i do not know if they happen due to it being a ""heavy"" game or it's just some potential optimization issue. However, the ultra-gory setting and the ninja-like action of cutting limbs and heads will have you immersed in no time.Nonetheless, FWH are now one of my favorite dev companies and i look forward to watching them further support this game.Buy it, support devs that deserve it.-"
76561198067562818,Recommended,324800,26020434,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,brunocorey29,love the game but it crashes here and there also the loading some time takes 10mins - but i think its my pc and windows 10 bull
,Recommended,324800,26020464,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,sonyguy,GG great game loving it so far i am power full man i kill all
76561198018341388,Recommended,324800,26020739,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Sy,"This game is what makes gaming great. Only 3 hours in but it's very impressive. Great combat, upgrade system and the main character is hilarious. It runs smooth (max settings 980ti) and looks great. If you're on the fence, just get it, kick back and have a few beers and enjoy the epicness. Would have paid $59.99. Pre-order price was $34 (what a steal).Well done devs and thank you.For the record, I don't play too many FPS games and I don't review many games I play. Doom of this year was my first FPS in a long time and I really enjoyed it. This game could be that and more. It has all the makings of a classic.Have not participated in co-op. Don't care, the single player experience is so good."
,Recommended,324800,26020786,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Eloc098,"Very good game, funny, fast and to many nad f#cks 10/10"
,Recommended,324800,26020827,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,GiantPlaidSquirrel,"It would be cool if the game breifed you before it started, I hadn't finished the original so i was a little confused, but CHAINSAW SWORD"
76561197974840272,Recommended,324800,26020861,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,zombiekiller117,This GAME IS GOOD!!! IT RUNS REALLY WELL but im not sure how to download the dlc or if it is even out yet can anyone tell me please
76561198116901917,Recommended,324800,26021049,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,SAMURAI JACK,if you liked the first one this will be even more fun
,Recommended,324800,26021205,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,GraveMatter,"Amazing game! From the optimization, to the graphics, to the crazy sense of humor. This game has it all. It's like a FPS/RPG Wangfest...and I love it!"
76561198126975019,Recommended,324800,26021375,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,wolfinston85,"It's a very nice game so far, certainly it took a while to start, I really disliked the first couple of minutes with this game, I think mainly it was because I just didn't understood very well certain things with the menus, and stuff, but after pushing through that the game has truly become an incredible experience, just a very brutal, very fun and enjoyable game, in my opinion the comparison between this game and Doom, as well as Borderlands, are comparisons that are unjustified, there are people that haven't even gotten past the first tutorial mission and are complaining about this stuff, heck there are people that are not even playing the game and they're complaining about this stuff, which it's a shame for them, because they're missing out on a very fun game.So far at the very least.There are a lot more missions as well as much more weapons than the first game, I think the important thing to question it's not if this mechanics are wrong to show their presence in here, but much more, question how can this mechanics work with the old mechanics of the original remake, and they work, I think, in my opinion they seem to complement pretty much everything, ranging from the gunplay, to the upgrades, the customization, everything just carries a lot of personality, functionality, and heart, it's one of those games that you can tell the artists even had fun designing the smallest, of the smallest of details.I really appreciate everything they've done, I think Flying Wild Hog (the developer) made a slight mistep with Hard Reset Redux, but frankly this completely reinvindicates every bit of confidence I have had, and always had for them, pair that up with the incredible optimization, the wonderful comments that clearly seem to understand what's wrong with drm, and well... You pretty much can look past and see the real developers intentions without even trying it, it's a joy when developers are as transparent with their game, as they are with their fanbase, this is a massive improvement, and so far, in my opinion, and underrated game, even after noticing the 8, and the 7, the gaming press has given to it, altho, overall, it's been a very positive reception, I wish the best to this developers, as well as to the publisher, Devolver, Flying Wild Hog, all of this guys have truly done something, i'm not only talking about this game anymore, i'm just talking generally.It's just nice I guess to see the maturity in their game design coming from something like Hard Reset (which was an already pretty good game) to something like this that's truly a demostration of the gap that can cause just a couple of years in creators, and creations alike."
,Recommended,324800,26021491,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,RayGamingFPS,I am loving this game if you like doom you will like this game. Good story to so far and awesome looking graphics.GTX 1060 with 120+ fps maxed all the way out.
76561198154708847,Recommended,324800,26021504,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,KillxxStreakxx ©,"Just play on a normal laptop, not high spec.. ahaha.. so smooth.. nice game :D.. love the multiplayer"
,Recommended,324800,30872233,Posted: 1 April,all,I request a swift and easy death,This game is basically a Asian version of doom combined with borderlands.And it's ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.10/10
76561198206517407,Recommended,324800,26106441,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Ic4roh,"Fantastically smooth and mobile gameplay, fast-paced fun, and lots of wang jokes.10/10"
,Recommended,324800,26106873,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,The Wise Guy,"A lovely game that is a seamless blend of DOOM, Borderlands and Duke Nukem.If you enjoyed any of those games, I highly recommend grabbing this jewel when you can."
,Recommended,324800,26121445,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,[GOF] Duke,"Love it. Solid improvement of the 1st one.Guns look and feel great, the upgrades is a nice feature for customising.Magic feel simpler than the previous but I prefer this.Combat feels great and missions/story are great to play.Wang humour is top notch and NPCs reactions make the dialogue hilarious and not out of place.Co-op is good fun and works well.The 'procedurally-generated' mobs keep the game really interesting. Love the bunny 'surprises'."
,Recommended,324800,26121660,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,ew0lv,Awesome game for this price. Even better than the last one. You no mess with Lo Wang
,Recommended,324800,26023020,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Yogurt,"After six hours of playtime with a friend joining me throughout the majority of it on release day, I can honestly say this is a fantastic game so far. The gunplay has improved greatly from the first game thankfully. The guns actually do damage now, my personal favorite being the double barreled shotgun which Lo Wang holds in the center of the screen. Gunplay is fantastic, and has been greatly improved over the first game. Lo Wang is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ as ever, and exploration is still greatly rewarded. The enemy variety is decent so far, and the level design is wonderful. My biggest fear is late game, every enemy will become a spongy mess, but so far I haven't seen an enemy like that. I was a bit worried about the loot system at first, but it turned out to be a wonderful feature that keeps the game interesting as hell. As do the small little trinkets that you can put on your weapon to give them different elemental effects, which will help out quite a bit if you've got a bit of variety in what you put onto your 8 weapons due to enemies now having resistances and weaknesses to the different elements. It keeps the fast paced gameplay that it needs, aswell as making each level you get into extremely open, with tons of caves and♥♥♥♥♥♥to explore and find new trinkets to slap into your weapons. In short, so far Shadow Warrior 2 is a great game, and I'm fairly happy that it's one of the few games to come out this year that didn't disappoint, and suck♥♥♥♥♥ Hopefully the late game isn't completely ♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,324800,26040783,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,KingSlayer94,"Worth 60 bucks. Better than ""No Man's Crap""."
,Recommended,324800,26041202,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,ForsakenZombi,One of the best games I have played this year already and I am just starting. I bought Mafia 3 only to be majorly disappointed but this game is excellent! Highly recommend. Come watch me stream over the next couple days to see it being played. Well priced. Graphics are excellent. No issues at all with the game so far. Will update as I play more. 9/10 so far for me.
76561198057193540,Recommended,324800,26033329,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,RealJeffDunham,"The progression from the first game to this is fantastic. If you loved 2016 Doom and love the first two borderlands games well i got good news for you, they had a baby and it's called Shadow Warrior 2. I emplore everybody who loves grewt gawmes to play this. I promise you'll enjoy it I give it a 10/10. (PS i've played 7hrs but I don't understand why steam hasn't clocked it."
,Recommended,324800,26033425,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Lo Wang,"Great game. Coop is a blast. After all, two wangs are better than one."
,Recommended,324800,26033451,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,I AM THE SENATE!,Time to get your wang on!
,Recommended,324800,26039805,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Fox Hound,"This is f****** awesome :D""If I want a human birdfeeder then you better start shoving bread crumbs up your a**hole""10/10 would Wang again!"
,Recommended,324800,26039958,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,wolfheel,Good gam. 11/10 wouuld dik joke again
,Recommended,324800,26040146,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,CraziiNate,Absolutely love this game! Even though I didnt get a chance to play the first one. Once I'm done with this I will play the first one through. It's like playing an asian Deadpool minus the regenerative abilities!
76561198075376367,Recommended,324800,26040194,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Belphegor,OPTIMIZATIONCHAINSWORDRNG LVLSTOOOOOOONS OF LOOTA FURIOUS GAMEPLAYAND OF THE COURSE CHERRY ON THE CAKE: THE WANG(ps: ALL OF THIS WITH YOUR MATES)
76561198042303769,Recommended,324800,26040372,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,MhmmSubway,YOU GOT WANG!!!!!!
76561198048599301,Recommended,324800,26028560,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,dawgy ヅ rip,"""Powerful stabbing attack, best for going mano a mano.""10/10"
,Recommended,324800,26028150,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Mikael Gray,"If you like borderlands and you like doom and you are awesome, then you buy it!."
,Recommended,324800,26031723,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,xX420BlazingWeedJezuzXx,FOCKING BUY IT YA ♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198028074045,Recommended,324800,26031775,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Kindanoob,Shadow Warrior 2 is one of the best shooters of 2016
76561198065950476,Recommended,324800,26031866,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Hashtastic,"So yeah, not sure how to tell the fam that I love wang now..."
76561198193111423,Recommended,324800,26031881,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,hasspotatoss,"amazing game, for $40.00 its a must buy for your steam library"
,Recommended,324800,26031937,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,ixxel,"Pro's:*Entertaining story and adolescent humor (e.g.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥everywhere)*Graphics are wonderful (for the most part)*Controls are on point (read: doesn't feel like a crappy port or clunky controls because of controller support)*Cut scene's enhance and move the story along, but not so much so that game play feels choppy.*Co-op*Improved weapon system over SW1Con's:*After playing with my bf/f for 3 hours, we were kinda upset to find out when you do co-op only the person who is hosting the game has their story progress.  He was still at the beginning while I was on the last mission we had done.*Some of the modeling work is pretty bad--there is an opening scene of a woman and man in an office, and her hair looks so bad, especially considering the detail of the pine tree behind her was crystal clear, so much so that I could see each individual pine needle (gtx 1080 ftw!).  So, she was either rushed or someone messed up with some of the models because she definitely could use some more work.For the price, this game is well worth it.  If you like to play games with friends, and want something that you can play over and over again with increasing difficulty, this is definitely a great choice.  Graphics wise, I'm in love with a lot of the landscape/building detail, even if they did mess up on a few human models.  10/10 would buy again."
76561198027092576,Recommended,324800,26032288,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,shard,"I have played the first part in the past and dropped it midgame, because i was getting bored of using the sword which was necessary on the higher difficulties for the lifesteal.But this game took everything good from the first game and added a lot of mobility, new weapons and new game mechanics which allow the game to become one of the best i have played so far.There is no real cooldown on the dashes which makes the gameplay incredibly fast-paced if you want to play it like that.Overall the game totally makes you feel like a badass while also offering something challenging on the higher difficulties.I haven't had this much fun playing a game in a long time."
,Recommended,324800,26109115,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,tRAps aRE GaY,"Vevy fast paced fighting, a variety of ways to fight, great visuals and sooo much fun!"
76561198076606814,Recommended,324800,26109831,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,dbayone9953,"You get to be japanese deadpool, whats not to like?"
,Recommended,324800,26077490,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Porter,"I like it for the most part. Combat is a lot of fun and very satisfying. Graphics are top notch in my opinion. Loot system is kind of a drag and takes away from the game. If you can overlook that and make the most out of the enjoyable parts, then I totally recommend this game."
76561198113142528,Recommended,324800,26392936,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Notorious P.I.G.,"I have only one negative thought.  After playing this game for 8 hours, I can confidently say that I've expierienced the maximum amount of childlike wonder and joy I can get out of this game.That being said, almost all of those hours were binge-played over one weekend.  This is one of the most addidctively fun games I've played in a long time.  This game is basically an entirely different game compared to the original.  The weapons are awesome and creative.  Each weapon can be upgraded with elemental and statistical boosts that are dropped randomly by enemies.  The enemies can be spawned with random attributes that can combat certain elemental powers, forcing the player to react quick on their feet.  This is made easy by the abilities the player has.  Abilities like a dash, double jump, faster walk speed, air dash, your typical ninja♥♥♥♥♥♥  This, combined with various combat abilities similar to those from the original... but better, makes the player what can only be described as... a ♥♥♥♥ing badass.I can say with confidence that I will sync about 10 more weekends into this game."
76561198025142219,Recommended,324800,26401812,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Îmaginary Number,"Shadow Warrior 2: An amazing journeyWhen I played Shadow Warrior 1, I did not expect a good game. Just a nice throwback to the good old times of the 90's and that's it. The game exceeded by expectations by far and no less did Shadow Warrior 2.As a fan of the first game, I loved the good map design, the well polished weapons and enemies and when I saw that this was going to become a open world shooter with randomized loot and weapon modifications I was a bit disappointed at first, but that did not hold on for long.And while I still mourn the lack of Hoji from the first game, the developers really crafted a beautiful world with a lot of love and creativity. A true project of passion.This is one of the games I do not regret pre-ordering because it entertained me for so long and eventually grow onto me just like the first game. If you look for an objective review with pros and cons, read somebody else's review I only know that I simply love the game, just like the previous one and I am very much looking forward to their next project.Very well done."
,Recommended,324800,27163216,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ᵛᶦᵈᵉᵒᵍᵃᵐᵉˢ,Haha♥♥♥♥♥♥Jokes!
76561198010608244,Recommended,324800,27269094,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hallelujah Goat,Who wants some Wang? You want some Wang.
,Recommended,324800,27270044,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kaiho,"Lo Wang isn't your typical main character. He doesn't care about your feelings when there are demons everywhere trying to kill him. If I was in the demon infested world, Lo Wang is who I want on my team.The gameplay is decent. Could it be better? Maybe. However I like it as it is. You have guns, bows and swords all at your disposal. Think Lo Wang as an Asian Deadpool if Deadpool was Asian before the cancer."
76561198000671648,Recommended,324800,27247956,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cheese,This is the best shadow warrior yet.
,Recommended,324800,27278989,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,school_zombie,The game feels alot like borderlands but with alot more action. The game is great until you finish the story the first time because at that point you will have zero end game.
,Recommended,324800,27293642,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Danny,fun game ' w'b
76561198006887680,Recommended,324800,27314452,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,shinichi860,Lo Wang Returns!!
,Recommended,324800,27051660,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,captainShoe,10/10 If you follow the way of the wang
,Recommended,324800,27058550,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,mute pro,Best wang for buck for the year. Easily outshines doom.
,Recommended,324800,26097593,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,SirManifer,would play with my wang again 10/10
76561197970566317,Recommended,324800,26088430,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Durendal,"Fantastic continuation of the demonslaying, gore filled, lewd joke strewn game of my childhood. Love the mutliplayer, weapon system, and story. Their greatest achievment has to be the balance of the melee system, I love the visceral feeling of hacking through hordes of soon-to-be-gibbed demons, without having to feel like I need to use my ridiculous rocket launcher/skull headed machine gun to be effective. Which I could. If I wanted to.Play this. Now."
,Recommended,324800,26093736,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,ratatootie,"dual wielded miniguns and the weapon name changed to ""inSAMnity."" this is the best indie game i have ever played 12/10"
76561197992372456,Recommended,324800,26094253,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,darkrock,"Showed up for the comedy, stayed for the combat.Saw the trailer. Made me laugh. Bought the game.Little did I know that it was going to be a loot fest akin to that of Diablo / Borderlands.Love the skill system. Upgrades to weapons galore.Hunting out large hard hitting packs of monsters is great fun, especially with weapons decked out with different buffs.Combat is a lot of frenetic fun.Really enjoying this and looking forward to co-op with friends as well as going through it again on a harder difficulty."
,Recommended,324800,26094640,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Detective Spunk Murphy™,"Shadow Warrior 2 has come on leaps and bounds since the original, a good sequel, and for once a big game came out on pc in 2016 that was actually playable."
76561197960537685,Recommended,324800,26025574,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Uncle Ben's,Wangtastic.
76561198043405450,Recommended,324800,26139635,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,PAULEIGEE,"Flying wild hog did it  again. Shadow Warrior 2 is great! The gore is oozing out of this one. What a fun game. I can say that i have yet to play a game like this. The thing runs great. The combat is fun and challeging. The loot and custimization keeps me going back for more and the story is a nice little cherry on top. More wang here PLEASE! I will pay, wait that didn't sound rightl."
76561198047532194,Recommended,324800,26139857,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Calculon 559,"Good gunplay, lots of customization, good enemy variety, funny story."
,Recommended,324800,26140990,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Sacred Penguin,"very fun game nice and gory, watch out for the bunnies."
76561198023397050,Recommended,324800,26136342,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,neil_v,"I grew up with the origonal shadow warrior, and I loved it so much I took a risk and purchased Shadow Warrior 2013. Flying Wild Hog did not drop the ball, and I had a huge amount of fun with the 2013 game. I did wish it had a set of creator tools (like the origonal) and there was talk of having some sort of creator tools fot SW2... I dont think that will be happening.However, this company did make good on most, if not all their promises, and have released an exemplaery game,I can easily run the game on ultra, on a mid range gaming rig, and I have only had one crash.I like chopping stuff up, and appreciating the detail they put in to the weapons. The arrows fall naturally, and the bullets spread natrually. I spent quite a bit of time taking ranged shots at the stationary man target outside the weapons shop in the main hub. When you get into the meat of the game you will likley just be mashing buttons and trying to keep the reticle on target and it is really easy to miss the small details like the weapon overheat glow, and bullet impacts on enemies.I would like to see:-Inclusion of a X FOV adjustment, and not just a slider for Y FOV-A seperate slider for how long body parts and gibs remain in the world. Even on ultra body parts dissapear almost instantly-An arena combat mode with player limb loss and realistic health. I like free roam, and I use it like an arena mode, but fighting specific enemies on demand with dire concequences would be sweet.I love this game, and I can see why others might not, but there is a solid engine here that I would like to see built upon."
76561198079635795,Recommended,324800,26032187,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,IcedLemon,Buy it ok. No words. You're obviously autistic if you downrate (dislike) this game.
,Recommended,324800,26135273,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,YADANGUS,"7/10, I enjoyed it a great deal but the first one was better.Pros-The Combat, very fast and satisfying.Looks and runs great!Nice enemy variety, solves one of my chief complaints of the first game.Lots of guns/melee weapons that all feel pretty unique, moreso on the guns side.Solid soundtrack, nothing gamechanging but good.CHAINSAW WEAPONS OHMYGODCons-The writing/voice acting/story in general. Infinitely superior in first game. Ending is awful.The loot apart from the guns is borrriinngg. Same 3 upgrades over and over again.Annoying, inconvenient menus.Lame bosses.Bullet spongey enemies, BUT if you play through on normal before starting on hard it is nowhere near as bad.No Hoji cameo :,(No qualms paying full price for it, fun game. Would prefer devs to go back to linear arena shooter stuff."
76561197978714586,Recommended,324800,26135523,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,KannedFarU,"Despite adding side quests and ""open-world"" elements, the game is a lot shorter. I would describe the gameplay as a stripped down version of Borderlands. I think the new game engine has a lot of potential, let's hope the future DLC takes advantage of it.Regardless, this game by itself is still worth a playthrough if you can get it on sale.Note to developers: do something more exciting with the open worlds. Go-here-kill-this is a fun formula but it gets old. Give us something else to do in the cool maps you created for this game."
76561197965908933,Recommended,324800,30850078,Posted: 31 March,all,rh1,A lot of fun.Great game.
76561198012317021,Recommended,324800,30850825,Posted: 31 March,all,L. Shadows,"- This is a ""Grindig game = Shadow Warrior (world) + Borderlands (gameplay)- Good game for Co-Op- Interesting, long story, many missions- Free DLC-s"
76561197978550668,Recommended,324800,26470070,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,lowlevel,"One of the few games I have wanted to play again as soon as I stopped. The environments are beautiful and full of detail, sometimes I would wander back through levels just looking at things after meeting the objectives. Sound design is engaging, you hear enemies making random noises before you see them, there is ambient background noise everywhere.Could have used a few more unique levels, I traveled over the same ones a few times, but you are there to fightWeapons are satisfying and have meaningful variety. As you grow your collection, you find yourself moving to the newer weapons for increased damage, but changing your gameplay with them as they come partially customized or with wildly different setups. Add in the customization slots and some thought about your playstyle and the fighting constantly feels fresh, with a weapon for every situation. Including slowing enemies down, blowing them up or lighting them on fire to make them easier to target. Movement feels free and fun, with the option to make it even quicker, letting you mostly avoid incoming attacks if you put the effort in. I did not use the supernatural chi skills as much as I could have but can see they will be very helpful on the next skill level up in a future replay.Can't comment on co-op, did not play yet. But for just jumping in and killing things this game is great and always keeps things interesting with new twists or enemy variants."
76561198000841849,Recommended,324800,26075151,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Miqunator,"Plays and feels like the 2013 Shadow Warrior but with more Borderlands and less Doom.+Co-Op+More Gore+More Weapons+More Wang-Upgrade system could use some more work-Last game had better jokes, better sidekick-WTF ending"
76561198150887300,Recommended,324800,26452083,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,S-A-M_YOYO,too fun in this game i like it
76561198061148330,Recommended,324800,26452100,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,SebZ,"I found a forutune cookie that said ""Wangs out for Harambe"" I lost it hahahaha100/5 for good a good sense of humore"
76561198001854882,Recommended,324800,26457483,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Stranger,"Absolutely fantastic action game, if you like fast paced FPS's like Doom, do yourself a favour and get Shadow Warrior 2. I'm not exaggerating when I say it's better looking and plays better than 99% of the other first person shooters out there.The environments are huge and beautiful, the action is fast paced and meaty, the enemies are hideous,  the humor is stupid and puerile, and it all comes together into a great big package of awesome. I can't wait to see what Flying Wild Hog does for their next game. This is one company I am ok with preordering from because they never disappoint.Better than: Almost every FPS ever made (except Doom)Worse than: Doom"
,Recommended,324800,26427082,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,AQUINO,10/10 instabuy
76561198000237795,Recommended,324800,26156493,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,kyvitti84,awesome loved the first and not far into second but by far my favorite monster bash game.
,Recommended,324800,26081919,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Top Bun,"WANGS OUT FOR HARAMBESeriously though great game, funny, and fast pacedFps drop when fighting a huge group of guys but thats only when playing co-opAlready half way through the game and have super cool and overpowered weapons"
76561197971876500,Recommended,324800,26151097,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Stormtrooper,"Great game, had a lot of fun with it. It's kinda like a mixture of Serious Sam and Borderlands with a touch of Duke Nukem. The game is fast-paced, you face hoards of enemies. There are 70 weapons to choose from, like pistols, machine guns, rocket launchers, swords and several melee weapons like a chainsaw. So you have the choice if you want take the enemy from the distance with your rifles or if you want fight close combat. Either way your enemies will end in a bloody mess. Plus there is an upgrade system for weapons and you can choose from various skills, which can be upgraded as well. That works out good and gives the game a bit more depth in terms of gameplay.Gameplay works out very good, as well as the controls. The story isn't that remarkable, but still good enough to keep you wanting to play on. Graphics aren't top-notch and the level design is a bit repetitve, but the doesn't impair the fun you will have slashing through hoards of demons. If you like fast-paced fun-shooters, Shadow Warrior 2 is your game of choice."
,Recommended,324800,26153004,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,MadmanGrayAce,"So far the game is quite impressive. I really enjoy the weapons modification systems and options in the game. I also like how varied the settings and enemies are throughout the game. One gripe would be that some of the items in the world don't really stick out to me. Treasure chests, for instance. Having them be more visible or eyecatching would be helpful in the exploration part of the game and avoid using the map too much. Otherwise it is a solid first person shooter with RPG elements."
,Recommended,324800,26154290,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Ｐｅａｚｙ,"Its a great game and I would recommend to anyone. 9/10. The only downside is the lack of replayability, I would love to grind this game out but there is no end game. Its an amazing game nontheless and worth the money it costs."
,Recommended,324800,26149465,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,TaCoCaT,It's awesome
76561198059856195,Recommended,324800,26246898,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,XsilentsnakeX,"This game is one of the best games I've played in the last few years! It's full of action, jokes, very energetic, and much more! This game gets 2 wangs are better than 1 out of 1 wang! Before I go I'm going to sing. Cutting up thugs with there faces so ugly, Stomping on demons that aren't so snuggly, Shooting at nightmares that fly with there wings, These are the few of my favorite THIIINNNGGGS!"
76561198040079165,Not Recommended,324800,26024138,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Spacekiller,"Pre patch 1.1.3.0AWESOME!!! THIS IS HOW YOU MAKE A SEQUEL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Post patch 1.1.3.0Paid for fun singleplayer fps not grindy MMO,shame on you Devs"
,Recommended,324800,26162788,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,VORTÆX,"Finished first playthrough on the 3rd difficulty.Pros1. Its fast-paced, enganging combat with switching between ranged and melee, moving, jumping and dashing around quickly to avoid damage and its fun to do it.2. Tons of weapons to play and customize with. That includes dual wielding, explosive ammo, charge shots, elemental effects and etc. And various weapons have different unique attribute.3. Run's pretty well on a mid range GPU (GTX 960).4. Environment graphics and level design is great. With various video settings to add some spice to the overall experience and tweak to your performance liking.Cons1. Cluttered loot system. Inventory drowned with weapon mod pickups, lack of item sorting thus everything is in a list and you need to go through them 1 by 1.2. Finished in roughly 20 hours, I'd say it's rather short for a loot shooter type of game similar to borderlands. Eventhough the first Shadow Warrior is roughly at the same playtime, the game should have more end game features like for example endless horde survival, arcade mode and so forth.3. Despite environment graphics looks good, the models does not. Models texture looks blurry and not stylized like most of the 2016 titles, body parts clipping, thus not much immersion to the overall experience.4. Lack of boss fights variety compare to the first Shadow Warrior. This one is sort of a disappointment.It was said that there will be content updates soon. Will update more after trying out.For now, do I recommend people buying this?If you love loot shooters, dashing around like a ninja and hacking enemies to pieces with your melee weapons or blowing up enemies with many ranged weapons. Then yes.If you prefer a story driven shooter like the previous title, with no fuzzling with items and loots, better character design and development, more enemy and bosses variety, then it's a no.If you're somewhat in between, I recommend getting it on a sale. Although the full price it offers isn't as expensive as AAA titles."
,Recommended,324800,26025317,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Moonswole,"I won't lie, initally this game was almost GOTY material to me. As I've beaten it now, then a second time on the hardest difficulty, I can't say that for sure anymore. I still recommend it, but with a bit of caution now.Shadow Warrior 2 I always felt was ambitious from the very beginning when I saw trailers and footage of it, and yet it feels like nothing has changed since then. Whether that's a good thing or not is up to you, as while it succeeds in some areas, it fails in others.It's basically an evolution of the shoot and loot formula, taking the original Shadow Warrior reboot and mixing in a bit of the latest DOOM reboot and elements of Destiny, Borderlands and Diablo to make something that sounds like it shouldn't work, but it does...sometimes.What this game does that the aforementioned games don't is that instead of having hundreds of thousands of millions of different weapons (at least in BL's case, Destiny and Diablo are abit more modest but still have tons of different weapons), Shadow Warrior 2 dials it down to around ~70 weapons, all of which are predesigned with seemingly no randomization to their design. I don't yet know if it's 70 melee weapons and guns each, or 70 total, but there's stilla lot.However, in spite of having a lot of guns, there are a few obvious ""upgrades"" from previous weapons; each type of weapon seems to have at least 2-3 tiers: for example, the double-barreled sawed-off shotgun goes from the Stick of Doom > Major Fletcher > Cerberus. For Assault Rifles, it's AR-53 > The Overseer > Plasmoid. Pistols are Swift & Messon > Point Five-O > Jigoku. It's a linear pattern that becomes obvious after a while, and while some guns have certain special attributes or even downsides to them, more often than not you'll want to use the top tier when you get it over the bottom or middle tier. This lowers the ~70 weapon roster to about 19 (that I've gotten as of the time of writing this).While you still may get weapons as drops, the majority of loot you get is all sorts of random upgrades that you can apply to your weapons, armor, etc. In some cases that weapon roster feels even bigger than before, as now you can have revolvers that can charge their shots and have explosive rounds, or a rocket launcher that you can deploy as a turret. Or a charging rocket launcher. Or a chargeable shotgun. If it's not obvious, Ireallylike the charge shot upgrade. Of course, those aren't the only upgrades you can get, as you can get akimbo Uzis, quad-barrel shotguns out of a single-shell pump action...unfortunately, it starts to fall apart abit when you realize that not every upgrade can apply to every weapon. Unless you get a certain upgrade that allows you to dual-wield ARs, then you can only go akimbo with SMGs and everything in the Light Firearms category.Worse still, the game drowns you in loot yet doesn't give you the tools to properly sort through it. You can have literally nearly a thousand upgrades that you just don't have any use for, either because it's underleveled or you just don't find use in them. You can't sort upgrades by their type; only their level and rarity. You can't select multiple upgrades to send to your Junk. You can't automatically upgrade your gear with better equivalent upgrades; you have to do it manually. Outside of firemodes and ammo upgrades, most of the loot only changes stats on your weapons or character. It's a pretty dull and tedious system honestly.The combat is incredibly satisfying to me as someone who very much enjoys high speed and high mobility in my FPS's, however. Lo Wang is incredibly fast (and can be upgraded to be faster), can infinitely dash as if he's Megaman X and can double jump by default. Using all of these abilities is important in combat, as enemies for the most part are very relentless and will constantly chase you down and annihilate you if you stay still for too long. It's very refreshing to see this in the shoot-&-loot subgenre, which has either lacked enemy variety or has enemies that are dumb as bricks for a while.It does get a bit bogged down early on when you don't have many upgrades, especially on harder difficulties, as non-elemental damage becomes increasingly worthless and you're more forced to deck out your top-tier weapons and fight in a game of rock-paper-scissors. Otherwise, enemies become a bit spongey, and encounters start to drag on. It seems the most balanced on the third difficulty, Who Wants Wang, but No Pain No Gain is just too far in the ""artificially difficult"" direction.While I have noticed instances where the AI seems to not know what it's doing, it seems that giving it a little slap on the wrist or getting close to it fixes the issue. I'm assuming this is a bug that will be fixed, but for the most part it's been less than a week since the game launched and it's probably the smoothest launch I've seen a shooter have in quite some time. I haven't had any case where my gameplay was completely hindered or broken by a bug, and most of the glitches are small and related to lighting issues or popin.Level design is servicable; while it's not necessarily a semi-open world like Borderlands or Destiny (the latter though is only really open in patrols), stages are pretty big, and flow really nicely most of the time. Unfortunately, the ""procedural generation"" feels a bit light, and stages don't have a ton to make them feel more unique next to eachother.The only huge negative I really have right now is that it's story is rather surprisingly poor compared to the original, even if it's still serviceable. While I appreciate how much more humor there is, it feels like they took away a huge chunk of lore and story that was built up in the first game. A lot of characters feel like they were flanderized or otherwise were written improperly compared to their original interpretations. Evidently the majority of the story was put into the Wanglopedia, found in the journal collectibles you can find when killing enemies.This is a similar problem to Destiny, in which the majority of the story you need is found in the Grimoire Cards rather than in the game itself. At least in this, the Wanglopedia is accessible at any point in-game rather than on an app or website.  I suppose the majority of the budget instead went to the gameplay. The ending is also a cliffhanger (regardless of what difficulty you beat it on, it doesn't change), and there is no after-credits cutscene; it just loops endlessly if you leave it going.There isn't a ton of endgame, either. New Game+ doesn't do anything at all other than let you keep playing and leveling up and getting anything you might have missed in your first playthrough. It wants you to play co-op for that, but unfortunately there doesn't seem to be any co-op exclusive content. There aren't a ton of bosses, the minibosses, Elites, and Superiors are all just buffed up and bigger versions of standard enemies, their modifiers don't do a lot to change the way they're fought. It's kind of lame in that regard, but at least the process of fighting them is solid.I'll update this review with my opinions on co-op whenever I get around to doing it.In conclusion, Shadow Warrior 2 is more than servicable for it's price point. It takes the shoot-&-loot genre into a promising new direction, trying to keep all of your arsenal viable rather than constantly being shifted out for new guns every few levelups. It's just fun, and I haven't been bored or frustrated by anything, nor have I felt the need to grind. It's biggest issues are it's story and quality-of-life in the UI, but hopefully you can get around that. It's absolutely worth the $40 right now, but if that's a bit too much, you'd be doing yourself a disservice by not buying it on sale whenever it is."
76561198055664251,Recommended,324800,26039084,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Strangepepsi,"This game takes good parts the previous Shadow Warrior, and mixes it with the semi-open world highly similar to Borderlands. It does have 70 different weapons, all the weapons are unique, there are no reskins or same stat weapons. Unlike Shadow Warrior 1, this game changes the weapon upgrade system so that enemies drop stat boosting items and you can equip up to three onto each weapon. There are a few damage types (like Borderlands), like Fire (damage over time), Cold/Ice (slow effect also freeze), Toxic (less damage, but there's a chance when poisoned foe dies that their corpse explodes; spreading the poison), and Shock (does less damage than fire, but can eletrocute: paralysed). There are your common enemies, the superior enemies, which are bigger than their common counterparts and tend to have significant stat boosts, and your elite enemies, which have elemental affiliations, are huge compaired to the common variants, and are very good at getting up close and tearing up your s***.Devs are looking very good right now. Within 9 days they released a patch even touching on rebalance amongst the slew of bug fixes. They are also talking about free updates, and are fairly interative with the community.It looks really damn good. I run all setting on high on a 1920x1080 monitor using a gtx760. It's damn fine.The combat is much faster paced, especially when you're on the higher difficulties. You can double jump, dash, and sprint, without it affecting you at all. You have 2(eventually3) main bars, Health and Chi. Chi allows you to heal and use things like knock enemies back or turn invisible temporarily (do note that there is no real stealth in this game). You'll find yourself dashing around, trying to avoid the elites that heep getting in your face, and double jumping to search for the huge amounts of secrets and loot that litters the maps. This game has secret passageways, sneakily hidden doors, and things hidden in plain sight. There's a whole new batch of fortune cookies with great satire written on them, and enemies drop journal entries which provide a big amount of backstory and side information about the game's characters.The game used randomly generated maps for the levels. It is not perfect random generation by any means. Some sublocations that are generated are guaranteed to have secret located there. You'll start to recognise locations that were in one mission that manage to appear in your current location. By the time you get to this point, you'll be close to the end of the game, so it isn't something to worry about.You get to be a scitzophrenic again. It's somewhat similar dialogue to that of Hoji from the last game.The game is also littered with easter eggs and references to other things. For example, the double barrel shotgun "" The Stick of Doom"" is held on the middle of the screen, just like the super shotgun from the old Dooms.In Smith's display room, there's a very phallic sword on one of the stands...TL:DR it's pretty good, Devs are good, Shadow Warrior meets Borderlands with high paced combat."
76561198139774834,Recommended,324800,26134413,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,JoeFloyd420,"The Game Can be summed up in one word ""Wangtastic""!!. But seriously folks, the combat is fun and engageing, the movement mechanics are superb,(nostamina!)(double jump, dashes) and lastly the gore is top notch. When i use the chainsaw i feel like an ice sculpter hard at work, if the usual ice medium was replaced by soulless demons! Only thing it needs now is post launch content for multi-player. Buy this now, you NEED some Lo Wang in your life!"
,Recommended,324800,26097897,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,翁焕杰的一号迷妹,GOOD GAME
76561198095417202,Recommended,324800,26112719,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Mercy Missles,"The game makes me think of doom with the humor of duke nukem all wrapped up in an asian theme.  fun mindless  and graphic slaughter with all kinds of toys and a splash of rpg elements in it, overall a fun game for me and ill have lots of fun replaying it for many hours"
76561197970728128,Recommended,324800,26121684,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,#GLOCK-23,A must buy < they really went all out on this one > !!!!
,Recommended,324800,26121702,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,ritsuke,Love. It.
76561198040946272,Recommended,324800,26117540,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,hermes84,"WANG WANG WANG One of the best games this year fun from shooting that what it gives, but common Devs got Tadek Zilelinski and that guy knows games better than lot of PR guys. Just buy it and let guys start on part 3"
76561198044494799,Recommended,324800,26117919,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,งู,It gives you a raging wang.
,Recommended,324800,26047840,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,commagomma,"I don't think hack and slash is quite the right way to describe the combat in this game. If I had to describe it, I would probably say this is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up simulator. I mean that in the best way possible too.There's a few bugs, but overall this game runs great for me with only a few frame drops when too many objects are destroyed in close proximity to eachother. When I say too many I mean like destroying every paper wall in a dojo too many.Play on the hardest mode for the best experience. It's not incredibly punishing and I hope an even higher difficulty comes out. This comes from someone who likes to play on the 3rd out of 4 difficulties of most games.♥♥♥♥ demon♥♥♥♥♥♥up simulator/10Also the music is a ♥♥♥♥in' 10."
,Recommended,324800,26042468,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Legionnaire,BE VEWY VEWY QUIET. I'M HUNTING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥SOkay I'm just gonna say so far so good. Will update later.
,Recommended,324800,26091621,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,SlovakianMemeLord27,"✬✬✬✬✬/10The way of the Wang is long, hard and in HD now.There is only two things that could stop you from buying this ;-You're looking for some hardcore gun'n'slash game ; It is NOT difficult. If you use what the game offers you (""legendary"" weapons, elemental upgrades etc) you will end up wrecking everything.-You cannot handle the Wang.This is hands down one of the best titles of the year with Doom.Some issues you may have tho ;-Replayability depends on you ; You can start a NG+ (after ~15 to 20 hours without rushing it and doing sidequests) and keep your♥♥♥♥♥♥+ You can ""free roam"" the maps after you've done them. So basically you can go and kill f*ckfaces all day long if you want. The only question is ; How many asses will you kick before you start getting bored ?-I had a strange bug with audio being desync from times to times but no crashes or game breaking bugs.Aaaand i don't know what to add ... It's really good. The gameplay is really satisfying and i laughed my♥♥♥♥♥off many times. It's been a while since a game REALLY amused me both thanks to it's gameplay AND it's dialogues.FH Wanged it."
76561198075556105,Recommended,324800,26091224,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,GuardianJoseph,"PROS------The game has difficulty levels to test your skills and the higher the difficulty level the better the loot! There is a nice variety of different creatures too kill, a lot with their own unique styles too fight you. There is your basic small enemies, than big enemies, Than elites that drop the nicer gear. Lots of cool skills you can unlock, like Ninjutsu magic!Tons of weapon customisation, that is mainly what you will be killing monsters for is to find nice mods to make your weapons more awesome.The game has double jump feature and a dash you can use for a quick movement to dodge or get around, the dash can be comboed with a jump to do a dash/glide across the sky, and you can also sprint by double tapping the forward movement key.The gore in the game is pretty epic, basically you have to deplete the enemies health and then that last swing or blast will be the nice gore finisher that you will enjoy most when killing things. you can still dismember a few limbs and stuff before you get too that nice finisher also :DThe game has a lot of fun cheesy humour in it , and a lot of awesome hidden secrets.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------CONS-------The co-op mode has no chat box to type to your friends and I have not seen any microphone options, you basically have to set up a steam chat to talk to friends. Also it is hard too make friends in the game as there is no option too add them even if you check your recent steam game history for people you have played with. So basically you are playing with no way to communicate to other people usually.That is the only con that I really care about.I think the game is awesome and it can be repetitive but that is just the way the game plays, because you are suppose too test yourself through the harder difficulties of the game too earn better loot and become a bad♥♥♥♥♥ninja warrior gunslinger.A lot of the weapons you get will start too seem useless as you play through and find better ones. There is a nice variety of different weapons in the game to unlock and eventually you will have a nice set up of all the stuff u like too use and have them all modded out nice the way you like.----------------------------Over all , I totally do recommend this game, I think it has awesome game play. I like how you play through the difficulties too get better loot and I love all the cool skills/abilities you can unlock.I JUST REALLY REALLY HOPE THEY ADD A WAY TOO COMMUNICATE TO PEOPLE IN CO - OP!!!!"
76561197997752428,Recommended,324800,26092081,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,OneScoop,"If 2016's Doom had a lovechild with Borderlands and raised it lovingly on 90's shooters and dungeon crawlers, this would be the result.It's fast, it's bloody, it's an absolutely good time. The only downside is that after a while you start to notice specific areas that are mashed together by the level generator."
,Recommended,324800,26092156,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Kronos,Nice Wang!
76561198024724974,Recommended,324800,26092270,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Hailtothevic,Amazing game
,Recommended,324800,26092408,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Probably a Weeaboo (Lolita),Some of the most visceral combat and entertaining gameplay I've ever witnessed in a game. A shame that even with all the side quests added up the game only takes about 14 hours.
76561198048228322,Recommended,324800,26092477,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Satan,Satan approves this game!Rate:87
,Recommended,324800,26111812,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,ChillyFish,"well if you like shadow warrior 1 then you love this all the wang is here and the gore is amazing the story isn't that serious soo pretty much this game is when you wanna relax and kill some demons make sure to play it on the hardest difficulty i finished the game in about 16 hour(this is me taking my time and doing side quests) on HARD (who wants wang) but im gonna replay it again on no pain no gain.the loot system in this game is random but you can replay a area in freeroam mode and farm the demons to get the item you want.the crafting system is..... idk didn't use it at all lol maybe tried it a bit but the end result is i got a horrible outcome soo maybe the crafting is random too and yes i put high level items to craft but still horrible outcome soo try it yourself lol.the coop system is fun although my negative about the coop is that if you connect to your friend who is the host hes story will progress but yours wont idk why the dev think thats a good idea but maybe they can patch it but you still have your loot, weapons, skills, items but its just your story wont progress which is horriblesoo is it worth the buy? yes but buy the normal one not the deluxe one which just include OST,ART BOOK and a solid gold weapon pack and gold Coop character unless you got cash to blow and want to look golden then buy the deluxe one."
,Recommended,324800,26085092,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Boocakeyh,"All negative reviews are from people who don't know♥♥♥♥♥♥about what a videogame is supposed to be.Positive reviews already said everything you need to know in ORDER TO buy it. Haters gonna hate, but Wang gonna bang.If you liked the DOOM's chainsaw, OOOH BOI you will fall in love with this one."
,Recommended,324800,26112219,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,♔od.meSh ☼,"lu wang, f#$k yeah!Am i the only one missing dem handgranades ?buy that game."
76561198094424269,Recommended,324800,26112660,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,PigWolf,"After playing through the campaign and done all sidequests i must say that i really enjoyed it. The entire game is one never ending♥♥♥♥♥♥joke that doesnt take it self serious at all. Lots of absurd weapons, violence and gore. However. We played through in co-op mode and the game has a bunch of very irritating issues and bugs when in co-op. It worked well for the person hosting but not so well for the others that had to leave and re join the game continuously when the game froze in some loadscreen or was locked out of vendors. I do recommend the game since i had a lot of fun with it even though it has a lot of issues."
,Recommended,324800,26107390,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,zombeez007,Love it its awesome best game ever some cons are you need a beast pc pros are Beatiful AF
76561197978600652,Recommended,324800,28277481,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Hyomoto,"Fast-flight and fight, loot and shoot coupled with a huge arsenal of weapons to collect, customize and cause chaos with.Shadow Warrior isn't a game you play for the story.  You might enjoy the dumb banter and silly tone it portrays it's violent themes with, but the fast-paced arcade loot-and-shoot is where the meat is at.  This is a game played at breakneck speeds, with a strong emphasis on melee combat and accurate gunplay."
,Recommended,324800,28277712,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,cynic12,"I think I lost some IQ points playing this, but I still loved every minute. Mindless, shallow, violent and terribly puerile, but great fun."
76561198062894090,Recommended,324800,28280930,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Socky,"Doom meets skyrim, with an almost duke nukem 3d fun feel. Awesome"
76561198068607123,Recommended,324800,28280983,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,SalmonSnatch,"Shot a robot with a rocket, finished it off with a chainsaw."
76561198033687782,Recommended,324800,28280033,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,LurkingMewie,buy it!
,Recommended,324800,28274739,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡Nick Crompton,good game
76561198297356599,Recommended,324800,28164162,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,shadedraws,"1. Never got to see Kamiko's ♥♥♥♥♥♥s or a QTE sex sequence. 0/102. Rest of the game 8.5/10.3. After I finished the game and was put back into free roam mode, I was overwhelmed by this sense of emptiness. There wasn't anymore story to experience, no new dialogue trees with the NPCs, nothing new to explore. This game actually made me regret that there's no DLC for it.4. BUY THIS GAME... unless, you know, you're RACIST towards ninjas."
76561198152626032,Recommended,324800,28158291,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Zerokingfull,I want Shadow Warrior 3!!!
76561198081123114,Recommended,324800,28231007,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,youhalo9,10/10 Shadow Warrior 2
76561198030702879,Recommended,324800,28289360,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,vincent_a_mannella,"So far, an shining example of a great game at a great price. Free DLC to boot - a winner in my books.Join the party!"
,Recommended,324800,28289972,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Kwtg95,Wangs out for harambe
76561197967645948,Recommended,324800,28290247,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,McRed,Great Visuals...         CheckGreat Story...            CheckFluid Gameplay...      CheckDirty One Liners...    CheckCoop Madness...       Check10/10 Would play with Wang again
,Recommended,324800,28290351,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Diego Scourge,"Wangtastic!Easily one of my favorite games, sadly it's such an underrated one as well.Pros:Action, action, action!Humorous quotes and actionsWeapons and lootingPriceFree DLCCons:Finding a decent group of people to play withThis game is fun on both single and co-op, it makes me want to go back and replay the original and the reboot. Shadow Warrior 2 is just so much win"
,Recommended,324800,26996404,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mar,10/10 slaughter all your foes with your wang.
,Recommended,324800,28283250,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Icyphoenix,"Fun and amusing game. Not worth full price, unless you drive a datsun coupe."
76561197997260453,Recommended,324800,28262636,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Many-Named,"Very original and funny FPS, a bit weak on the optimization (forget 7th generation cards) but still a very very solid entry, the variety of enemies is astounding and with friends or even random ppl it can be quite the blast !9/10 Would wang again !"
76561197991781273,Recommended,324800,28262796,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Alxos,"Good game if you want guns, melee, explosions, and magic. There is very little if any political correctness crap here thank God. Its not a difficult game in terms of story. Graphics look good. Inventory is big in terms of storage.  This game doesnt take itself seriously. It is simply....... fun."
,Recommended,324800,28262995,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Dutchtreat (Sativa),"These developers are in it for all the right reasons and this free DLC is proof of there dedication to there game and how there less concerned with obvious cash grab tactics which is a rarity and then some , in the end, i have no problem shelling out money to devs of this nature, keep up the good work and i hope somewhere down the line some sort of wave mode is created that constantly changes so more and more will be re-playing/continue playing this game, in the meantime this will sufficem thankssssss"
,Recommended,324800,28268606,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,ZeroHour,Amazing game!
76561198040175008,Recommended,324800,28273399,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Digital Ravager,"I love this game! It's got action, humor, badass weapons to wield. The cutscenes are well done, the music takes me back to 80's era martial art movies. Tons of upgrade components can be used to make your gear more powerful, or add elemental damage. Check out the videos in my profile to see the game in action. I recommend this game for those who like first person action games."
,Recommended,324800,28075310,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,iSync,Simply GOTY IMO
,Recommended,324800,28042019,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Nos,Shadow warrior 2 is fun but it is easier than shadow warrior 1 also there are some abilities that I miss. The most difficult enemies I have faced are the normal uzi soldiers because they remind me of DooM where the shotgun & the machinegun dude are the most difficult enemies in the game since they have no projectiles so it is hard to avoid their attacks. I would love to have the ability shield me from bullets but it doesn't exist. Most abilities are offensive except the invisibility which is the most used ability I use against bosses simply disappear and use rockets.
,Recommended,324800,28040333,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Grey Lotus,"This game makes me laugh every time I play through it, and there is a massive amount of freedom to choose how you want to play the game and how hard you want it to be. Crouching Tiger, Hidden Wang. 10/10"
76561198095514315,Recommended,324800,28294502,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,hazinblazin,"Solid game, combat is alot of fun. would recommend to anyone looking for a fast/good fps combat."
,Recommended,324800,28302998,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Cutchy,"Fun, Funny, Bloody, Hectic, First person hack n slash shooter with amazing graphics. Things that keep you coming back to play. Developers who are actually adding to the game. Thankyou devs for sw1 and for sw2. The comunity wants your hard work to continue with dlc/addons, improvements and eventually a 3rd title. Way of the wang ftw."
76561198092247764,Recommended,324800,28349008,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,D4nny_San,"Ich kann es jedem empfehlen der Sprüchekloppende, Katanaschwingende, Ninja´s mag deren daily business es ist Dämonen zu enthaupten oder diese einfach mal zu mundgerechten Stückchen zu zerhacken."
76561198046653323,Recommended,324800,28170354,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Geekedbro,cool game wish they could put like a arena mode where u can pick diff monsters that come out that would be awsome replay i think
,Recommended,324800,28515734,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,The Patrician Nerd,"Fast, fun and messy - just like Wang would want it."
,Recommended,324800,28513662,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,τномаѕ.,"First off, this game is extremely fun. The melee mechanics are so satisfying and probably make up 90% of my entertainment in this game. Flying Wild Hog delivered a fantastic product, and treats the players well with free content every once in awhile. Buy it."
,Recommended,324800,28481202,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,ENder,"I think this game didn't stand on its own.Overall, Shadow Warrior 1 was better in every way, and I find it hard to believe that anyone could even be moderately interested in this game if they didn't play the first one.The good:Such unique visuals, excellent art quality, truly a one of a kind game visuallySuper awesome performance for the quality of the visuals and particlesMeaty, brutal, and visceral combat (mostly the melee)Again, visually amazing - can't get that across enoughThe bad:Sorry guys, there was a lot this timeStory - flat and stupid, and not in a Lo Wang funny wayInventory - Minimum 10% of the time playing this game is inventory management, and basically none of it is done well at all. So much busy work, redundant actions, nothing smart about how it is put together.Scale - The weapons and upgrades seem to come at a completely random pace. 1/2 way through the game I had 9/10 weapons that I used ever. The idea of the drawbacks on the upper level gems completely ruined the scaling, and for the most part upgrades found very late in the game would almost never be much better than very early ones.Level design (outside of visuals) - completely terrible. No concept of curated content, just random big rooms randomly connected, there was no thought put in to the designs at all.Conclusion:PLAY THE FIRST ONE BEFORE YOU EVEN LOOK AT THIS GAME. If you loved the first one and are willing to put a lot of monotonus time in to inventory management to get some more amazing sword and magic based brawling - knock yourself out. If you are in to visual design, character or level (visual) design, you might have to buy the game just for that."
76561198107233427,Recommended,324800,28497650,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Steel Blade XCR,"This game is amazing.Pros- The graphics look fantastic,- The abilities are unique and entertaining to use,- The amount of weapon choices is huge, plus they all feel unique.- The game mechanics run incredibly smoothly, very smooth gameplay.- A large amount of non-necessary collectibles.- Large assortment of enemies, all unique from one another.- Interesting and incredibly beautiful mission levels and weather effects.- Hilarious main character- A large amount of customization for weapons.- A linear, but open world mission levels.Cons- Side characters don't have GREAT dialogue, but is decent.- Alot of the pickups, so much that you have to wade through junk.- Storyline is not the best.Overall, this game is fantastic. I am usually pretty bad at following storylines, so this game is amazing since it is beautiful and fun."
,Recommended,324800,28530730,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,FragTato,"Super Wang.Killing rabbits got me killed more times than the demons.100/10 will still do it when I shift to hardest difficulty.For more Wang-iness, suggest you go ham on demon a** while listening to Twelve Foot Ninja's new record 'Outlier&."
,Recommended,324800,26060076,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,[TAW] LazyCakes,Best Wang in a long time!
76561197970926251,Recommended,324800,28092665,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Vapo,"Wow, this was a recommendation from a friend.  I was not expecting much, but this is truely a fantastic co-op game.  Loads of fun, fluid gameplay, RPG elements, challenging enemies.  Top shelf game worth the $$$."
,Recommended,324800,28090817,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,CloudJ9,"lots of fun, gore and humor 10/10 would reccomend."
76561198119418533,Recommended,324800,28109917,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,gilgalad9,A really solid action packed shooter with melee combat... kind of. It runs and plays smooth and looks good but some aspects like an oversaturation of loot and dialouge might keep some people from enjoying it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xvmmhJqfNk
,Recommended,324800,28335458,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,「ＶＥＴＡＲＧＥＮ」,"Amazingly Fun, no problems at all, just slash and laugh."
,Recommended,324800,28337008,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,jelleybones,epic combat
76561197976312757,Recommended,324800,28330965,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Destyre,"What's this? A new Shadow Warrior game with Co-op? Sure, I'll get my Wang out again and play when my wife isn't in the room.... ;)She doesn't like gory games."
76561198025741908,Recommended,324800,28335593,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,mattkinggamer,This game rocks!!! I hope there will be 3rd game
,Recommended,324800,26020448,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,BestPlebEu,"Holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is nice. Lots of weapons, sick magic skills. just need someone to play it with.Edit: Found a lucky cookie with the text ''Wangs out for Harambe'' on it. 5/7 best game 2016,"
76561198258227927,Recommended,324800,26039166,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,DEATH™,AMAZING
76561197969537651,Recommended,324800,26036466,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Silvur,"I hated the last Shadow Warrior game with the game breaking bugs.  Boss wouldn't die, 25% into the game.  Steam hadn't refunds available then, and I was reluctant to get the follow up.   I'm glad that I did, with the game being co-op and ARPG elements.Runs sweet on my Xbox controller.  Yes some ""Full Xbox controller"" games have some problems, but this game has not, been switching between keybord and xbox controller, since both are really responsive.  Of course keyboard is best but its a really good game to play on Xbox controller."
,Recommended,324800,26039215,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Joel,$40 bucks for a borderlands/doom/diablo-esque looter shooter? And it's not crap? Just get it.
76561198056289124,Recommended,324800,26039228,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Abb298 [Moose],"Jumping/running around through a mission, then you hear someone insult you. u wot m8, u avin a giggle?. Go absolute beast mode and kill everything in site. 10/10 would rage again."
76561197986068675,Recommended,324800,26039280,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,TazZero,Hilarious and brutally satisfying.
,Recommended,324800,26039314,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Orca,"tl:dr, It's really good. $40 is averyfair price.You have a double jump, and a quick dash that you can do in any direction, on the ground or mid-jump. You can easily flit in and out of the fray, chopping up enemies with melee weapons before quickly ducking out to rip into them with gunfire. You also have a few spells (healing, force wave, invisibility, etc) that draw from a mana meter.Shooting and slicing both feel good. The animation on the melee weapons is fast and weighty, and enemies will come apart differently depending on what direction you slice them. The guns are worse; sound effects are OK at best, and the animations lack the snappy punch that the melee weapons have. Shooting stuff is still pretty satisfying despite that, thanks to the way enemies react to being shot: a scream or grunt, a meaty sound effect, a gratuitous bloody particle effect, and maybe some dismemberment.Enemies seem to go down with a reasonable amount of punishment. So far I've been playing single-player on normal difficulty and I haven't felt like the combat was getting tedious.Like others have said the game is pretty Borderlands-y, except it isn't terrible with how it handles loot and progression. Instead of throwing out obselete guns every twenty minutes, you amass a collection of weapons over the course of the game which you never get rid of. You upgrade your character and weapons with progressively better trinkets and doodads which you find in chests and enemies. If you decide you want to use the starting pistol in a later mission you just equip it with the latest and greatest upgrades, and viola, it's up to date.You find new upgrades all the time, maybe even too often. If you stop to inspect and equip everything you find, you'll probably drive yourself to madness. I finally decided to go through my upgrades between missions. They don't make a ton of difference by themselves. Plus 5% movement speed, +8% fire damage, -10% reload time, stuff like that, though some of them make more drastic changes, like dual-weilding or exploding ammo. They were pretty generous with the drop rate for rare items (unlike ♥♥♥♥ing Borderlands), and higher difficulties apparently increase the drop rate further.The levels are randomly generated, but the hand-crafted parts they're built from seem pretty large. Levels are sprawling and non-linear, with plenty of space to go off the mission path and explore.The character models are pretty ugly for the most part, and textures are kinda average, but the game is gorgeous in motion. Striking color pallete and indulgent use of particle effects really make it. I'm running the game maxed out on a GTX 970 + Intel i5 4690k, and I get about 90-100 fps. I've seen a couple minor issues, like flickering shadows and small objects, and I climbed up a ledge into a wall once, but I haven't experienced any major bugs or frame drops."
76561198106939750,Recommended,324800,26039352,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,DGoods82,"Badass.  Just f''ng badass.  I thought the first one was the best game of the decade.  But so far this one is even better.  Do yourself a favour and pick it up.  Unless you are easily offended, then ssterling clear or you may have a heart attack lol"
76561198010971304,Recommended,324800,26039379,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,mirotvorez 113,"Simply amazing.I have not played it much yet, however, as soon as I looked through the menu options available I knew this is a at least 9/10. Flying Wild Hog have put extra efforst into proper hud customization, graphics options, sound, controller support, and just about everything else. Yes there is fov slider and ultrawide support. Once you see that, you know that the game is actually done. Installed, launched, maxed out settings, played, thats is it, so nice.It runs so well, I forgot that a game can actually run well and look great at the same time. Not a common occurance now days. RX 480 can run this game absolutely maxed out at 2560x1080 within 45-75 fps FreeSync range. No stutters, no frame drops, basically no bs. The game looks great and runs extremely well.As far as gameplay goes, it is an overall improvement on original Shadow Warrior remake. Yet a different game at the same time. The movement is crazy awesome, very solid and intuitive. Can get pretty redicilous if you can manage a combination of sprint, dash and double jump. The weapons are varried and feel great, have not expienced many of them yet, however. On top of that a Diablo like loot and gem systems have been added to customize and vary the weapons even more. By now you should know what that entails.Story is not the most importan aspect of such games, but that is ok. It is all about the one-liners and♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes, I'm perfectly fine with that. Character models are subpar and voice acting seems to be below average for npcs only. Wang himself is voiced well.But than there is even a 4 player coop, I mean what can I say there, its $%#@& awesome.Overall, Shadow Warrior 2 may even be better than Doom. Worth every penny."
,Recommended,324800,26039385,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Jinnxxx,"Hmm if you liked Shadow Warrior HA! This game is rad.  Once you get the hang of how weapon customization, skill setup,  it goes from rad to EXTREMELY awesome.  Plus with the coop HA its epic 10/10."
,Recommended,324800,26037709,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,untapupkeepdie,"Flying WIld Hog delivers another masterpiece. While Shadow Warrior 2 isn't perfect, it is certainly an impressive achievment. This game somehow manages to fuse the best qualities of the 2013 Shadow Warrior with a borderlands-esuqe dynamic loot system. Visuals are gorgeous and the game is pretty well optimised, solid 60fps at 1080p with a GTX 1070 using the ultra preset. more than enough wang for everybody."
,Recommended,324800,26059385,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Tony Mappo,GAME OF THE YEAR
76561198176239010,Recommended,324800,26059458,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,human.debris420,Awesome. Hack and slash and shoot til it's all dead. Humorous Lo Wang is back.
76561198004388443,Recommended,324800,26059516,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,rikster,"I really appreciate Flying Wild Hog bringing us yet another Shadow Warrior game. I am enjoying it, and I recommend it as well."
76561198059882148,Recommended,324800,26062334,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Drakir,Awesome
76561198039723688,Recommended,324800,26062430,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,I'm Probably Batman,"I highly recommend this game in terms of customization and gameplay. I do not recommend this game if you are seeking a well written story, because in my opinion it had potential at first but after a short progression you are stuck with an annoying woman in your head, rendering it nearly god awful and I find myself skipping more and more cutscenes. However, the enemies and maps are very entertaining and the aspect of elemental and physical buffs and debuffs the superior and elite enemies give a borderlands feel to them, along with the weapons shaped like genitals that can be modified to do nearly anything you find dropped from common to legendary items, and I enjoy the diablo-esque replayability of having the maps and enemies be stronger and drop better loot and xp the higher difficulty you go, and gearing up in the previous difficulties is essential. The guns need extremely good modifications installed onto them for them to be anywhere as viable as the melee weapons in the game. I feel as if they are meant to be a last resort when HP runs low and you need to start gaining distance, and when used in that strategy it does become useful. Co op has no lag for me thus far and drop in-out is easy and does not interrupt gameplay. Graphics look amazing on ultra settings but heavy customization for the god pc's is lacking, it still does great justice for the blood and dismemberment, which looks absolutely beautiful and works beautifully with the ragdoll engine. You can even keep going after they're dead leaving a bunch of bloody salads of ninjas everywhere. For a♥♥♥♥♥♥show of releases so far this year, this is hands down the best $40 tagged game that has or will come out."
76561198018606886,Recommended,324800,26062591,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Mr. Wasabi,"As someone who enjoyed playing the first one, I was very excited when I found out about this sequel.  I pre-ordered this game for only $36 and can confidently say it has been well worth it.  So far, there has only been 1 or 2 minor glitches.  The voice acting is quite cheesy, but the whole game sort of supports that feeling with one-liners and it really makes for a relaxing gaming experience.The actual gameplay is a ton of fun.  You can play very fast-paced and run through a lot of enemies or take your time and be very meticulous.  This is good for me as I like to switch up my gameplay from time to time.  There is also a plethora of weapons and abilities to choose from.Overall, I'd highly recommend this game to just about anyone.  For a more comprehensive look, check out my video on Youtube:https://youtu.be/zzJNMSLQ2zg"
76561198094508084,Recommended,324800,26060814,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,The Great Bohemian Nomad,"This is a game about killing stuff, katanas and killing stuff with katanas.fascinating"
76561198014750967,Recommended,324800,26048808,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,"Ultimo, Lord of the Blobfish",It's good
76561198042614616,Recommended,324800,26061689,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Kage Sasurai,"More and better Wang than ever before! More guns, more sword moves, more snark, more upgradeable skills, special moves that don't require odd buton combos and they took all the best parts of DOOM in terms of movement, level design and combat flow. 10/10 Would Walk the Way of the Wang again."
,Recommended,324800,26151648,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Moddedtohell,"I'm still playing this, check out my YT video for a quick bit of fun.I'm having a great deal of trouble loving this game. The last one was so good and this one is completely different besides combat for the most part. I think total biscuit said it best. I will only recommend this because the devs are great and its worth 39$.Shadow warrior- fast paced FPS with amazing tight story and combat.Around 8 weapons with alt fire that were upgradable. Along with a large ""magic"" Chi move set.No multiplayer.Shadow warrior2- terribly paced FPS/RPG with boring loot to min/max your stats to death. Hub world and shops to buy weapons and ammo and upgrades. Around 70weapons some dropped, most you aquire during the story or on side missions. Too many if you ask me.No comment on multiplayer.https://youtu.be/d_QAPZWCJJI"
76561198025052916,Recommended,324800,26096964,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,PawTeeGal,"A true sucessor of the original Shadow Warrior from 1997.  Refined and modernized.Everything from breath taking enviroments, appropriate music, and story writing."
,Recommended,324800,26216577,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Malakina,"I am a fan of the Shadow Warrior Series since the original part. I really liked the first part of the remake for its well thought through story and art as well as the skill system... Now I still like the second part, but I think there is some decrease to the quality of the game. Character Art is surely not a strength of this part. The environment is not bad, but I think it was also way better done in the first part. The gameplay of the first part had some sort of learning curve to it. Right now I still feel kind of overwhelmed by all the different weapons and skills there are in the second part. It feels more like.. they were planing a MMO, also by the way you receive and finish quests and shrunk it down to a co op. The Zilla Scenario also doesnt really fit in and the story is pretty flat so far. Not much impressed of the game comparing it to the previous part, but hey.. I'm a fan of the series anyway."
,Recommended,324800,26022170,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Agent,"So far this is a fantastic RPSW (Role Playing Shooter Wang), i gotta say that i was skeptical since this game was taking the Borderlands route, however this is proving to be even better than Borderlands itself, just so much fun. A great successor to the excellent 2013 reboot.Who wants some more Wang?*UPDATED* Just finished the game, the game does lose a bit of its potential near the end, however i thought it was a ton of fun, definately a worthy sequel to the original"
,Recommended,324800,26263783,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Crash,I love this game !You can play it for hours and hours with all kinds of creative weapons.Upgrade system is awesome with element upgrades which are best for enemies vulnerabilities.I liked to have one melee and one range weapon for every element.When you finish game you can free roam on every mission map you were before and just enjoy mindless massacre or you can play 1-4 coop with other people.I recommend this game to everyone who like to kill some demons in many different ways.
76561198127859833,Recommended,324800,26060286,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,hippieFOS,"I don't ever (and I mean ever) pre-ordered a game on principle but this one looked too good to pass up. I'm glad I was right. A superb, over the top gorefest (think Borderlands with swords and more customizable weapons). The swordplay at hand is excellent and very satisfying. Watching enemies arms fly off and land ten feet away doesn't get old and I couldn't help but laugh the first time I saw it. The weapon customization options are plenty and a little overwhelming at first but you soon develop an attachment to your personal favorites. It's hard not to feel like a badass when you take on 15 enemies and systematically hack, shoot and blast them to pieces.The story is over the top and ridiculous as the gameplay but there is a certain amount of depth and dialogue from the characters especially in regards to your traveling companion. Don't expect the Witcher 3 character development here, that isn't the purpose of this game.The graphics are nice; again, it's not the Witcher 3 and there are some areas of clipping and a few bugs here and there but overall it's very easy on the eyes especially when you're flying through mounds of bloody piles.I'd recommend this game any day. It's fun for a twenty minute mission or a two hour slog- I've been playing for around 9 hours now and am only about 20% complete (side quests included) and there's enough content here to keep me going for a long time. Pick it up even if you're not particularly a fan of the genre (I wasn't really before playing it). It'll grow on you over time.Edit: Upon completing the game, I loved it even more. Simple as that. Not to give anything away but there will definitely be a sequel. Great to see and feel from the producers.Chop-chop motherf*ckers. Get hacking."
,Not Recommended,324800,26123285,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,BAKU,gets very repetitive fast
76561197997095172,Recommended,324800,26294732,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Outline,"Flying Wild Hog know how to make an entertaining shooter. And have done. Again. Second best FPS I've played this year, and only missing top spot because DOOM surpassed all expectations. (and possibly because the shift towards a more Borderlands-esque gamestyle took some getting used to)."
,Recommended,324800,27497267,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Berzerker,Second installment in Shadow Warrior series is nicely done. Core mechanics differ from previous game severely: not a corridor shooter + diablo-like looting system.
,Recommended,324800,27500759,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Brumpo Tungus,"I'm a really quiet and reserved person, but when I'm chainsawing a demon in half in this game some seriously ♥♥♥♥ed up stuff comes out of my mouth.Also, I laugh at every♥♥♥♥♥♥♥joke because I'm 12.Highly recommend."
76561198280513125,Recommended,324800,27504075,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,✯Armag3dom✯,melhor game de sangue
,Recommended,324800,27557692,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Norky75,"This game is stupid good! a few very rare glitches here and there, but this game rocks. Funny story line,♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes, Characters and weapons. I've just finished 'who wants wang' and I'm back into it with 'Insanity'.Great playability."
,Recommended,324800,27475583,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Chimera,it's oh-so-much fun :)
,Recommended,324800,27554417,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Phantom,Much more fun with friends. worth every dollar!
,Recommended,324800,27776629,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Czaromno Wardy,"Amazing Game. Fun, fluid, fast, dynamic. Better than the first game, which I could never get into because it felt.. shall we say, sluggish? Maybe not. Meaty, but in a bad way? Whatever it was, it put me off from playing it, even though I respected it as a game. This one though, was different. It pulled me in, and never let up. All five of my thumbs are up."
76561198006772812,Recommended,324800,27769507,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SirRagesAlot,Its great
,Recommended,324800,27769532,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Platypus csgotower.com,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ING insane!Its got great comedic and developing characters, hentai gifs on computer screens, exploding turtle ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, an amazing soundtrack, and so much more OMFG i love this! Ohhh did i mention you play as a cocky asian guy named Lo Wang who not only has the name ""wang""(another name for♥♥♥♥♥♥, he also drives a Datsun 240z :P"
,Recommended,324800,26037659,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Mineirinho Backflip,gg
,Recommended,324800,27744974,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,HinkleHonker,NINJAS GUNS SWORDS AND FUN!!!
,Recommended,324800,27676237,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,R3app3r,"This game is the direction that FPS genre needs. Exclude the ""lobby""/base or whatever do you call it. Everythign else is oldschool in new age and I love it!"
76561198256956203,Recommended,324800,27651197,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,hatchieboy,Hilarious!!! Go in guns or swords blazing. Awesome game can't praise enough. Runs beautifully def a must have.
,Recommended,324800,27680913,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,𝓳𝓸𝓳𝓲,"This game was possibly the most fun I've had in years! I love the rich story, fully developed characters, humor, weapons, and enemies. There is plenty of Side quests to complete, with awesome rewards if completed(Who doesn't want to kill a monster with a Nail Gun?)! I definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a fun time."
76561197968432161,Recommended,324800,27897487,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,redz28won,Great old school humor and fun imaginative game play.
76561198007839840,Recommended,324800,27897725,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,UltraKafinated,Insanely fun challenging FPS.  I bought it so my son and I could play online and omg it's sooooo worth it!  The wise cracking Lo Wang does not disappoint w/ his arsenal of campy dialogue as well as the many weapons and mods.  The story is surprisingly well done for an FPS.  I highly recommend it!
,Recommended,324800,27898889,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,'NλDERADE,This game was awesome as soon as the intro. Highly Recommended
,Recommended,324800,27894414,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,befcake,"10/10Would wang again.♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes, gore and good atmosphere. what more could you ask for?"
76561198083873435,Recommended,324800,27893734,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,erupt50,Game of the year material right here. Don't pass it up.
,Recommended,324800,27926429,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dohregard,"A very solid game all around. Hilarious, fun, and visually pleasing.There are NG+ aspects to it, co-op, the campaign is like 23 hours. The only thing I would say is that the hardest difficulty felt pretty good. Not sure if that means the lower difficulties are too easy, but from my first play through on the hardest difficulty I didn't have much trouble with it.Would recommend melee."
76561198225129768,Recommended,324800,27924087,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Devil of Ramadi,this game is absolutly ♥♥♥♥ing amazing
,Recommended,324800,27913180,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,inlovewithgame,"The Wang style is HARD and LONG and RIBBED for her pleasuer10/10 i didnt think they could beat shadow warrior 1 but here we are with the WANG""dont get your blood on me"""
76561198000402651,Recommended,324800,27913204,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,[DLOA] Stormageddon,This game is amazing. Basically the original Shadow Warrior mixed with Borderlands. So much fun I spent over 2 hours on one short side mission with a friend cause we were just dicking around blowing stuff up.
,Recommended,324800,27913777,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Moirrey,Who wanta some wang
,Recommended,324800,27915070,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Boomsticky,Basically all the fun things about a  B-Movie action flick in a game.
76561198053868796,Recommended,324800,27921630,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,HOBOWIDAGUN,"Trailers are funny, and so is the game.  It has the same Humor as Deadpool, so if you enjoyed the movie or the game then Shadow Warrior 2 is right up your alley.  I nominated this game for the ""I'm not crying, there's something in my eye"" Award."
76561197985250443,Recommended,324800,28615435,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,The Way of Dragon,love co-op and funny and shooting
,Recommended,324800,28613077,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Ron0x,Double the Wang.. Double the fun!
,Recommended,324800,28653783,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Swagner,"I bought this game because I liked the first one, and this one looked like DOOM 2016 as seen through a vaguely japanese lens.In that regard, it does not dissapoint.If you're looking for a deep, non-""found journal"" story, or even one that picks up immediately where he first one left off, or concludes in a way not obviously intended to tie in to a sequel, this is the wrong game for you. If, however, you are just looking to tear many demons, cyborgs, and yakuza to death with a ridiculous arsenal of guns, swords, and jung-fu magical powers, while making a great many crude jokes about your own name (Lo Wang), thenthis is the game for you."
76561198140843372,Recommended,324800,28690753,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,rctemp34,Kick A$$ shooter + Nostalgic Stan Bush <3
,Recommended,324800,28594057,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,RUN_H,I had a wang of a time playing this game. Only DLC took to long for me. Butt more of this sort of wang in de next Shadow warrior 3 please.
,Recommended,324800,28007441,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Reinlauf,I got a Vive not long ago... and it has blown my mind!!!!Shadow Warrior 2 however is almost on par with a nice round of RecRoom in Terms of fun.Recommend it.Buy it.Review it.???One of us!One of us!
,Recommended,324800,28003223,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,winter,"It's more like Borderlands than Shadow Warrior, but still fun."
76561198180891227,Recommended,324800,28660557,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,astroZombie1978,"This game is beautiful. The levels, weapons, particle effects, enemies, all look awesome. The NPC's could look better but they are not terrible. Very well optimized game and extremely fun. I loved this game even more than the first one.(that is saying alot, first one is great.) The crafting and weapon mods are awesome. I even liked the story, that being said, it has a rushed cliffhanger ending. Not a fan of the ending but didn't ruin my time with it. Highly recommended just for the amazing gameplay."
76561198003461195,Recommended,324800,28605203,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,JumpingSpider,"This is a great game and really just a lot of fun. I get that a lot of people wont like the humor and there are a lot of games out there with more depth to the action, this game is not tryin to do that. This game is all about fast shooting crazy action and some of the most beautiful scenes around. Really runs great with no noticable bugs or problems. Fully recommend."
,Recommended,324800,28659769,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,OOPMan,Glorious!
76561198107114927,Recommended,324800,28522136,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,V_BOSS,"Love the game! Pretty much open word game with killing, shooting, slashing, exploding and exploring story line. Tons of cool weapons and unlimited skill upgrades. Best game for $40+ out there."
,Recommended,324800,28517963,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,B3AR75,I find this game very fun. Solid gameplay mechanics both melee and gun. I will say the melee combat is outstanding. The gore in the game is amazing. You can rip apart every enemy you find. The story is subpar but has good comedy moments. You will not like this game if you are easily offened (lots of♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥). The random loot generator is not bad. The weapons themselves drop from bosses or mission rewards for the most part. It is mostly the mods you roll the dice on with RNG. There is an alright amount of side quests and main story missions. I have not tried much coop. When I did it worked fine. Just know you cant complete your own quests when in someone else's game. The update reworked the gem system a little bit. Which was my biggest complaint. The new options to level up your weapons are nice. I highly recommend this game. Has been a blast to play. You can never get enough wang.
,Recommended,324800,28530809,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Binary Delusion,"Amazing Game Great fun and Does have a good formula of boarderlands like loot and shoot Good Comedy from the Master Wang. Game is amazingly fun 100% i think they did almost everything right. I have one FrustrationDevelopers need to Learn, If you put Double Jump in DONT cancel that ability by reserving space for monsters thats maxed at the top height of your double jump and this is especially true of monsters I should be able to SINGLE jump over... but Not these guys they went a special kinda stupid. this is so the enemy can lock you in place and you cant get away. The level of frustration over this little thing is really stupid but it comes in to Play WAY to often. thats probably the only thing they need to fix really"
76561198029063179,Recommended,324800,28551067,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Eddie Senpai,"There was a time when developers would think: ""Hey, what can we do with a Doom-like game that wasn't possible before?"" and they would try everything without dismissing it as being nuts. Shadow Warrior 2 is something that came after someone answered ""RPG!"" and no one in the room said ""Skyrim"" or ""Witcher"".It's not a game with a ton of flare or blockbuster exploding sequences, but it certainly is fun with loot to collect, tons of weapons to get and replace and upgrade. It isn't perfect, but it certainly is fun and well worth for every cent you pay."
,Recommended,324800,28540773,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Theoo,"Hell of a Game! Lots of Lo Wang lots of blood, guns, swords demonic sh** and just plain awsomeness. If you like killing sh** this is the game for you. It has plenty of weapons and lots of enemies to shoot, stab and kill in every way imaginable. It is not too story driven in my eyes, still the story is a bit all over the place and the end is not how i planned. It was an amazing experiece and I hope to see a Shadow Warrior 3 in the making soon!8/10 4/5Would play again!"
,Recommended,324800,28580126,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Wednesday Frog,Doom + Asian Badass +♥♥♥♥♥♥Jokes = Shadow Warrior 2. I'd say it's pretty good.
,Recommended,324800,26037942,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Straph,"Great cut scenes, interesting characters, funny commentary, guns, and melee weapons galore, and gore.  It's pretty much an amazing game and I've only played a few ours.  The mechanics seem smooth, and the weapon upgrade system is fairly easy to use.  Needless to say this is probably the best game I've purchased all year."
76561198030997331,Recommended,324800,26038123,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,broncoian2,"I recomend this game because the combat is incredible.  When you move your mouse right and swing you slash to the right when you move your mouse left and swing you slash to the left, same goes for up and down.  Also the game is good."
76561197989835176,Recommended,324800,26038271,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,defmec,"fun ,stunning .what more do you want"
,Recommended,324800,28333060,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Owl,"well , is nice"
,Recommended,324800,26083211,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Ninryu,"This dev team is one deserve your support, FREE DLC for its players!Need to say more?10/10"
,Recommended,324800,28424969,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Boomer,"Lo Wang is back from the immortal realm, and he's brought quite the massive arsenal with him. Forget whatever you remember from the previous Shadow Warrior, because SW2 does not give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about any of that. This game is absolutely bonkers, in every way imaginable – From the amount of weaponry you can wield, to the insane story the game is trying to tell. In fact, I am not sure what the story is about, and I ran through the game twice. In Lo Wang's total domination of the demons from the previous game, he somehow unleashed hell onto Earth, and now demon and man live together, side by side, in this procedurally generated world... somehow.Is 2016 the year of ""procedurally generated levels"", or was that last year? Or the year before that? I can't remember, and either way, I wouldn't hate something new to take its place. What happened to the hand-crafted levels of past shooters, where every corridor and enemy encounter was designed with a challenge in mind? Who decided that level designers can be replaced by number generators? Why does every game need pseudo-RPG elements forced into it? These are questions a better reviewer would ask, but I honestly found myself not too bothered. I've played far too many ARPGs with randomized levels to be bothered at this point.In a way, this game is a slimmed down version of Borderlands. The basics are the same, you have a hub world from where you retrieve your quests (or missions if you prefer), then you make your way to bigger (emptier) levels where you complete your quest and get your reward. There's plenty of loot to go around, though as you level up you'll realize it's just vendor trash. Unlike Borderlands however, and unlike everything else in this game, the weapons were actually created by humans. So there are only a limited amount, most of which you get as quest rewards, or drops from map bosses. Maybe two dozen or so, and a lot of them are just slightly upgraded versions of others, but some are actually quite fun and unique.Unfortunately the Borderlands parallel doesn't end just there. There's also the enemies, which are a mirror image of their Borderlands counterpart – massive health pools and status immunities define their difficulty. An enemy that's resistant to Ice, but immune to Fire? Better equip my Shotgun with a Fire Elemental bonus attack. Long gone are the days of learning an enemy's weakness, where to shoot them, when to attack them, which enemy to prioritize, and so on, because it matters not in this game. Just click it until it's dead. Being overwhelmed by tougher enemies? Just press Z to enable God Mode for 12 seconds.But the combat is fun, even though it is executed poorly, especially the sword-swinging. My favourite weapon was a chainsaw-sword. Yes, a chainsaw-sword. That's a sword, that's also a chainsaw. So when you're swinging your sword around, you're not just cleaving enemies in half, you're sawing through them, and it is so bloody, so brutal, and so fun. Sure, I wish there was more to it, but you have to understand, I played loads of Borderlands too. I don't hate these kinds of games, I just prefer a challenge that these kinds of games don't present.So in the end, I say this game is a good one. A recommendation, a thumbs up. It's fun, it's quirky, and Lo Wang is still Lo Wang. So what if the rest of the game doesn't make any sense – It's not like we're in it for the riveting story-telling either way. Still, I'd recommend the first game (from 2013) over this one, any day of the week, but here's hoping you've already played that one if you're considering this."
76561198052545967,Recommended,324800,28173945,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Shredder2-4-D,"Wow! What a gaming experiance. Hands down this is the best/most fun ive had in an single player game in a year or 2. Played 5 hours straight after buying it today and thought man i have to right a review to let others know what they are missing out on if they have not played Shadow Warrior 2. First 20 minutes or so was clumbzy, then i just fell into the action and very good looking graphics, the graphics designer/programmer deserves an award for the top notch job. Breaks over, back to the world of Shadow Warrior 2!"
,Recommended,324800,28174103,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Hurkin,"+The melee combat+Dismemberment+A lot of guns+Feel like a badass+Good amount of enemy types. You'll also run into varieties of weaknesses and resistances that have you mixing your guns up for the situation+Maps are open for exploration, with a decent amount of verticality+4 player co-op+/-Loot-shooter. Though considering they're not usually my favorite thing to play, I had fun collecting mods and cash. that said, may or may not be your cup of tea+/-Same thing for the game's story and dialogue. You'll either get a chuckle out of all that stuff, or it'll make you groan+/-Guns do their job but don't feel too accurate or satsifying to use, save for a few+/-Would recommend playing on harder difficulties; melee weapons are very powerful, and my only deaths were from self-damage and falling off cliffs-Menus, particularly for placing and crafting gun mods, are clunky-The mods themselves don't add much immediate change to combat, and many of them have too many downsides outweighing the upsides-Quest variety boils down to either killing everything on your way to the objective, killing everything on your way to get keys to reach the main objective, or killing everything on your way to kill the mini-bosses scattered around so you can unlock your objective.-Repeated environments across the main and side quests. In side quests they gain some small changes but you'll often find yourself in familiar territory over and over again.Rough around the edges, but if you can put up with the game's faults, it's a bloody good time."
,Recommended,324800,28170227,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,yea nigga fuck donald trump,"So fun, love the atmosphere, the characters (especially Lo Wang), the music, etc. If you liked Doom you will LOVE this"
,Recommended,324800,28129439,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Mega Box & Bilco CDX,"This was a very enjoyable game. There are just a couple of things that prevent it from being really great. I didn't really like the Borderlands-esque loot system in teh game. It felt like it hindered the game more than it made it more fun, on top of that I preferred the upgrade system from the first game a lot more. Some people actually didn't like the open world design of this game compared to the first... I didn't mind it. Had they made it more organic, instead of just running toward each objective without havint to explore each map in a meaningful way it would have been a much better. Overall great weapons, great optimisation, better sword play and lets not forget! MEAT CHUNKS EVERYWHERE!!!! I'd recommend  this game at about the 20 dollar range. I never got around to playing this game Multiplayer, so I really cannot comment on that part of the game. All in all, great game play it and if you can ignore some of those gripes you will have a great time =D"
76561197972921451,Recommended,324800,28103538,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,<|☥|Inesophet|☥|>,"Finished the game just now after around 21 hrs and i must say HOLY $Hit what a Ride. The game has flaws, sure. See Totalbicuits video for those. The one thing the Brit forgets is that it is an immensly satisfying game. What can i say, its a balls to walls Actionshooter. You have an insane number of nicely modeled guns that are genuinly different, the characters are amazing and the game is genuinly funny. The word genuine comes up alot and thats my feeling of this game. Its a genuine game, it stands on its own it borrows alot from many different games and genres and for the most part (i could do without the Randomly generated levels) it works very wel, i havnt played SW1 (yet) but im sure going to now.The nutshell is, if you like to laugh and enjoyed doom for what it was. Buy it. Im gonna restart the campaign now."
,Recommended,324800,28093024,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Ryoko's Stepdad,"Shadow Warrior 2 was my first forray into the Shadow Warrior franchise. Until the release of this all I had to go on was my friend doing some streams and screenshots from older games. I really didn't know what to expect except for shooting, living beings being dismembered, and wisecracks.Shadow Warrior 2 was a funnier game than most other games I've played. Lo Wang always had some wise crack at the ready in cutscenes and most of his references, while some of them dated, didn't really make me groan like the writing in a game such as Duke Nukem Forever. With his constantly foul mouth and how characters reacted to each other, my time in Shadow Warrior 2 was a fairly enjoyable experience. The only problem I'd say is his one liners got old real fast. Hearing the same line three times in a row really makes the writing wear out it's welcome.The gameplay itself is solid at it's core. Movement and combat both feel polished enough, provided you don't get stuck on the geometry of the map or accidentally dash off a ledge like a moron (like I did a few times.) There's a wide variety of weapons for you to use against enemies to satisfy your style of play. Like swords and knives? You got it. More of a shotgun kind of person? There's plenty to choose from. Want to just run through guys with a chainsaw? Go for it!The game also give you a few powers to tackle your foes. Summoning spikes to impale enemies, vanishing and launching a surprise attack with your swords, something akin to a force push from Star Wars, and more.Try to hide the smile from your face as you lunge dual wield swords into the chest of a Yakuza thug. I bet you can't.For all the praise I give this game I have a few complaints, and yes the main one is the ARPG elements present in the game. For lack of a better term I describe them as tacked on. I can't really feel immersed when choosing what upgrades I want to put into my weapons takes a large chunk of my time that could be better spent killing anything in my way. It also leads to the most attrocious inventory management I've ever had to deal with. You can organize equipment in only two ways, and it's item level and quality. You can't really separate by stats, abilities, or anything else, which makes slotting upgrades a chore.I also had a slew of graphical issues and my rig is not that bad. My graphics card may be three years old but I had some of the worst loading times I've ever seen in any game (on a solid state it was unacceptable), moments where my game would freeze briefly if too much was going on, and low framerates were common problems. And this was on Medium settings. This became such a problem I think it messed up my ability to play with my friend online.I give this game a cautious thumbs up. If you have a decent enough rig, like the series, and/or feel the need to feel like a superhero give this a try. Just be wary that the whole ARPG element is something other games have done much better. But at least the enemies don't feel like bullet sponges like other games in the ARPG style I've played."
,Recommended,324800,28261724,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Parfjon,"♥♥♥♥ing fantastic, in a bulletstorm kind of way.Story isn't even as bad as i thought it'd be. Kind of started caring for the characters.A lot of fun."
,Recommended,324800,28261966,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,ThunderDuck,"I can't recommend any other game more, other than Half life 2, DOOM, original or new spangled of course, but Shadow warriors two is easily my new favourite singleplayer campaign, however small it is."
,Recommended,324800,28326429,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Vilza society.gg,It's worth the money just going to say that! It's such a great game in all its glory. I would 100% play it again I ♥♥♥♥ing loved it. Just like someone said it's basicly doom with more wang :D
,Recommended,324800,28324640,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,[Soft_Talker] Dr. Nasty,"This game is like if Borderlands had much better combat and funnier writing. I can't recommend this FPS enough as it is in my Top-5 of all time. The negatives are so few, they are completely outshined by the numerous triumphs of the game. The fact that it's only 40 dollars new AND totally co-op are just icing on the cake. Buy this game and support these developers!"
76561198017126851,Recommended,324800,27990828,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Fuzums,"Has a lot of classical FPS aspects to it but moderanized, so far the best purchase and I havent even co-oped yet."
76561198077919282,Recommended,324800,27991011,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Aja bhoisdi haveli Pe,"Good fun with friends.Pros: Fluid action, good co-op gameplay, good sense of humorCons: Story does not seem to be strong. Graphics is very bright and colorful but it is not it's trong point."
76561197995001828,Recommended,324800,27980975,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,psyanide,"Absolutely fantastic. We need more 'pulp' games like this flooding the market. Games that are not necessarily masterpieces but that you can keep coming back to, playthrough after playthrough and still be thouroughly satisfied.Shadow Warrior 2 had me feeling like that 12 year old kid again, discovering the Build and DOOM engine games for the first time. Hexen, Heretic, the original SW - they had this strange appeal to them that kept me coming back and remaining thoroughly engrossed for as long as I could keep my eyes open.The price is pretty damned sweet, too!"
,Recommended,324800,27994218,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sok4R,"tl;dr: Shadow Warrior 2 is a good arcade shooter with elements from Borderlands mixed in, which are not not perfectly developed, but still make it a good game.After the 2013 reboot of Shadow Warrior the developers could just made another game without major changes. But they didn't, they kept the core formula and added some new elements: the levels are randomized and built from a number of setpieces. But that makes the levels also seem random, they miss memorable places as they are all build interchangeable.The biggest new features are the weapon upgrades. You get a big arsenal of weapons, including many meele weapons. From the classic katana, to dual energyblades, from the classic pistol and shotgun to lightning-generators and a searing stream of heat shooting out of a gauntlet, there should be something for everyone. Additionally, every weapon has three upgrade slots, which can change the stats of the weapon or add elemental damage. The problem is that you find dozends of upgrades in every missionen and sorting the out is very time consuming as the game is lacking proper comparison function. I think is also pretty revealing that there is a option to mark upgrades as junk to easily sell them at a store. They can also be bought from stores and later an option to craft upgrades is unlocked. Use three of one quality level to make on the next superiorer one. But since the stats are randomized its pretty useless. Just sell everything and wait from something good to drop (chances are high because of the high numer of drops) or show up in the store.Their are four forms of elemental damage (fire, ice, electricity, toxic) and the enemies can be weak, resistent or immune to those effects as well as to the ""normal"", physical damage. But that is also randomized, so get used to groups of enemies were of two next to each other one is weak to a certain elemental effect while the other is resistant to that. I found it more effective to chose something both are not resistent towards. But it also makes it quite frustrating as the fights can drag on for minutes, not helped by the fact that every enemy has a large healthpool. The bossfights where a weakness in the first game, they are much better here. They are more diverse and require lots of movement. They bosses are also quite agile, a rocket launcher is pretty useless as they will always dodge the first shot. So using a instant hit weapon is most the time more effective. Compared to the rest of the game, healthpacks and ammo drop a lot, to the point where the mini map is filled with icons. That makes the fights quite easy, but they can drag on.Meele combat is again an essential part of the game, there are lots of weapons and since the protagonist Lo Wang is very agile it should be very effective. But with enemies spawning out of nowhere, surrounding the player immediatly it can also lead to a death trap. Often times I was forced to use a meele weapon because I ran out of ammo, which is only placed scarsly in the levels and dead enemies don't drop it very often.There are also passive skills which can increase dropchances, make abilies and weapons more effective. Those are unlocked by getting karma levels, which you get by killing enemies. There is no indication in the game as far as I'm aware, it just happens from time to time. Bu the skills are very powerful and worth the wait.New is also a coop mode: the whole game can be played with up to four players and is very leanient with players dropping in, it doesn't matter where in the story everybody is and which level they've reached, everybody plays the mission the host players currently is on. But there is also no synergy between the players, as they game has to be beatable alone too. So the enemies have even more health and the quality of the drops doesn't seem to be much higher.The story was point where the previous game rally surprised my as only rarely you find an FPS with good story if the name isn't Half-Life or *Shock. But the reboot had a really good story takling some quite deep stuff and of course had the great dialogues between Lo Wang and his companion Hoji. They added that as well, with the new sidekick Kamiko. Unfortunatly it doesn't work as well, the chemistry isn't the same. It feels that they've tried, but tried too hard to replicated it and then overshot the goal. While the story as a whole is good and has some good twists, but doesn't reach the quality of the predecessor.A got to admit, at times I'm quite frustrated with the game, especially when the fights drag on because enemies spawn out of nowhere and have a ton of health. It doesn't make it harder, just longer. Still, the basis makes a good arcade FPS, but the new additions don't work that well. The ideas are good, but not as well executed as in say Borderlands."
,Recommended,324800,27963587,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Gordon Feelman,Wangs out for harambe.
76561198158362103,Recommended,324800,27973818,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,אדון טופ 1000,amazing game much comady and so much gore. a really fun game to play with friends and i think it should have SW3
76561198053796301,Recommended,324800,27973132,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Xenno,Best game ever!!
76561198219078057,Recommended,324800,27961215,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Parallelepiped,便宜大碗，砍杀操作很流畅，技能和武器也很多，升级搭配不同流派挺有意思的，美中不足的是关卡设计比较无聊（kill everything moves）
,Recommended,324800,29382636,Posted: 20 January,all,InsaneFrenzy,"played with friend, then internet crap out on me and next the messenge appears to screen ""your connection couldn't handle the Wang"" Wang/10 would play again"
76561198261915586,Recommended,324800,29410898,Posted: 21 January,all,daveonater,"I know I only have 19 on this game but I'm gonna replay it again,but besides that this game amazed me. At first I thought this game was just a doom replica but it was so much more. Let me start with the characters, Lo wang is a trash talking mercy that's kinda like deadpool a complete idiot who cracks jokes while killing things except Lo Wangs are super cheasy and their perfect and funny sometimes. Then there's the person stuck in his head Kamiko who always bosses Lo Wang around. But enough with characters now for gameplay elements. First I will go with melee combat witch is all so satisfying to hear the slices in the Demons and to slice them apart it feels so fluid and perfectly paced with unique designs. Now ranged weapons they feel like they do little damage at first but then you realize you really need them the amount of guns in this game are ridiculous, theirs pistols,shotguns,assault rifles,rocket launchers,and etc..., their designs are perfect and hirralious sometimes. Lastly theirs the loot system I loved trying to get all the stuff I could, they add special abilities to Lo Wang or your guns like dual wielding, an special gun ability, and elemtal upgrades. Thirdly graphics the game looks beautiful but some times I got frame rate drops it's probably just my pc or something with the game but I didn't get them all too much. Finally story I personally liked the story but that's up to you it's all up to you with you like the game"
76561198053633082,Recommended,324800,28742828,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Tie Tass,"It's short but sweet, as in the ""Sitting down in the afternoon and playing through the entire main story line and doing a majority of the sidequest, getting off when you should already be waking up for the morning and getting ready for school, and then just deciding to stay home and finish the rest of the game and it's DLC."" kind of short but sweet."
76561198075717436,Recommended,324800,28708429,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,uanand009,"I'm already waiting for the third iteration of the series to come out. This is an absolutely incredible game. Stunning visuals and action packed gameplay set it apart from other games of this genre. Critics often accuse First Person Shooters to be""DUMB"" and ""JUST GO AROUND BLASTING EVERYONE"" type. But let me tell you,Shadow Warrior 2 is not all about just going around firing the gun without using your brain. This game requires you to take fast decisions, find out vulnerabilities and weak spots, changing and customizing weapons etc., all this while fighting tens of enemies all at once.You need to figure out the shortest and safest path to the objective and decide when to fight and when to run away. Describing this aspect of the game would spoil the experience for you, so, I'll leave it to you people to decide how to play this game.Here are a few key points I'd like everyone to consider before choosing any other FPS over this one:While the previous iteration of the game was in itself a great game, the sequel seems to be more complete and polished. The weapon upgrades make the game more interesting. You can now customize your weapons and increase the direct or elemental damage it causes. You could just blast your enemy with a shotgun shell that causes more damage or make the shell poisonous so that while you're busy fighting other enemies, the poisoned one eventually blasts off. There are several other elemental upgrade categories like electric, ice and fire, with each one of them having different level upgrades and different qualities. While this might be confusing for some people, others might fing it very useful and interesting. Even if you find it confusing, you could just use the upgrades that increase the ""DPS"" of your weapons and be sure that it'll perform well in the battlefield.While the previous iteration had very few weapons, the sequel has so many weapons that you will not be able to use all of them before you end up finishing the whole game! This increases the replay value of the game and make it a better ""Value for Money"" product over the last iteration.The enemies in this iteration are definitely creepier and scarier than the previous one. But, I bet you'll enjoy killing them even more. The skills like ""Shadow Fury"" and ""Grip of Darkness"" do come in handy in many situations.As for performance, this game runs smoothly without any issues even on an RX 460 with high settings at 1080p.Overall this game is definitely worth buying and is one of my favourites. I'd give it a 10/10. Thanks to the developers for making it worth my time and money.For gameplay videos, you could check out my youtube channel:My channel"
76561198332936942,Recommended,324800,28746030,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,AkAlex,This game is definately a fun game that you can play very caually or tactically.This game is both fun single and multiplayer.  I've experienced the best of this game while playing with a friend.
,Recommended,324800,26841216,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,♋E-Erroor|Spinnni,"If you come to a fork is the road, take it. Preferably for dinner.Still can't handle the lil' Wang..."
,Recommended,324800,30021659,Posted: 18 February,all,Dovahkiin Ninja,Looks Perdy.Many D*ck Jokes.Me Like.100/10
,Recommended,324800,30017498,Posted: 18 February,all,Danger Noodle,"The game is a blast if you can overlook its poor optimization. Paying any kind of close attention and you will see objects clipping through each other. Running on an i5 6600k 8GB ram and 1060 6GBThe frame rate is mostly stable but can suffer severe drops. I was pushed from 90 to just 3 because one of the larger enemies was clipping through a checkpoint. These drops are pretty far between. More annoyingly about halfway through the game i started encountering many crashes. The gameplay istself however, is still amazing. Fast paced and in your face. Overall, poorly optimized and could use bug fixes but a very fun game."
,Recommended,324800,29686556,Posted: 3 February,all,Thot Eliminator,"I went into a sad state of crippling depression when I was about to pick up the Blade of Oni and then the game suddenly crashed, it was devastating. But I pushed through, you can too."
,Recommended,324800,29672915,Posted: 3 February,all,Spades,"I can jump from the sky and land with my bare feet no problem. No strats needed, obviously just run and gun.10/10"
,Recommended,324800,29673865,Posted: 3 February,all,PatrocleFrumuselul56,I like it .
76561198061027030,Recommended,324800,29684895,Posted: 3 February,all,Uber Thumbs,"A kinetic, violent, potty-mouthed blast."
76561198128760765,Recommended,324800,29693830,Posted: 4 February,all,Scruffytuna,"Do you like hard but fair combat? Do you like slicing things in half with a large assortment of swords, knifes, tomahawks, chakarams, and even more? Do you like watching things turn to punk mist at the barrel of shotguns, assault rifles, pistols, revolvers, SMGs, and just about any other gun you can think of (and some you can't)? Do you enjoy wang jokes? This game has all that and more, bundled into one explosive game."
76561197963298686,Recommended,324800,29698931,Posted: 4 February,all,Shadow75,"My review of Shadow Warrior 2.I absolutely love Shadow Warrior. Not only because of the action but it has a lot of funny moments that Lo Wang says and a good story and a lot of character development. I think this game was well worth it, I wasn't sure of it at first because I will admit even though I said I liked Shadow Warrior I thought Shadow Warrior 1 was a bit.. well disappointing but great at the same time.I think Shadow Warrior 2 is way better than the first game as it's more open-world, good a lot of RPG elements and a lot of gear loot to pick up. I think this game is fantasticly done by Flying Wild Hog who developed it.Gameplay:- 9/10Story:- 8/10Visuals:- 8.5/10"
,Recommended,324800,29696750,Posted: 4 February,all,Sloshy,"I've been playing this game for about 4 hours now. Only as coop so far, but the game is already worth the $40.00. Just fun to kill things here. Lots of cool weapons. Very beautiful world."
76561198043516885,Recommended,324800,29686809,Posted: 3 February,all,*Borichiny*,What a  fun and fust game the sword play is also very satisfiying.
,Recommended,324800,29808498,Posted: 9 February,all,Carlo,Great Game
76561198095031132,Recommended,324800,29941467,Posted: 15 February,all,Zoe,"Love at first sight! as soon as i saw the 3 starter weapons i knew she was a keeper! o god i love ripping stuff up with the double barrel shotgun and now this double barrel sniper rifle, the game is very easy to learn and play! graphics are cool the game is also funny, you will laugh alot at the things said in the game like the time wang flips the middle finger to the demons across the bridge in the beginning of the game lol, anyway buy this game! you wont regret it! its awmazing!!"
76561198012086071,Recommended,324800,29887172,Posted: 12 February,all,aamdar17,"Fun game, fast paced.  Good sense humor.  You can play it for a 20-30 mins and feel like you accomplished something as well."
,Recommended,324800,29907522,Posted: 13 February,all,Gamerz-Zone,"I really love this game its even crazyer than the previos oneIf you like smashing, killing and shooting this is for you"
,Recommended,324800,30666646,Posted: 22 March,all,spammer,"It's funny and stupid.A little bit repetitive but if you are not a type of serious gamer, this game is a load of fun."
,Recommended,324800,30727941,Posted: 25 March,all,Dr. Milky Water,"Combat feels great, but quickly devolves into spammning the same 3 abilities to make their numbers disappear faster. co-op does a good job at taking that feeling away, providing a more borderlandsy style of ameplay. The loot system just barely worked, and the game would have been better off if it offered only weapon selection, rather than including a customization option. However, the story was very lacking compared to the first game, failing to build on what it had established in the previous game and the jokes got boring the third time i heard them. Overall, pretty great, but definetly not as good as the 2013 reboot. If you plan on getting it, wait for a sale and make sure you own the first game, it is much better in my opinion.I give it 6 well done spin attacks out of 9"
76561198026007569,Recommended,324800,29228536,Posted: 13 January,all,Unknown,You can't handle the wang!
,Recommended,324800,29238281,Posted: 13 January,all,HappyThoughts,"I did not play this game for the story, so this review is totally based apon gameplay and the co-op experience. The game is not bad by any means, but it is not perfect either. There are many glitches such as going through walls and sometimes being unable to go past objectives. Humor in this game is sometimes too excessive, but you can deal with it as you go along. The story was not compeling enough for me to actually sit down and listen to what Wang and the others have to say. The gameplay is what really shines this game as one of the most fun co-op games of 2016, in my opinion of course. I definitely recommend this game to anyone who wants a different game to play with their friends.- 8/10"
76561198032588917,Recommended,324800,29237650,Posted: 13 January,all,portable slime gargoyle,havent found a wang this good since i met my wife
,Recommended,324800,27529557,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,LittleTiger,Very good. Fantastic game.
,Recommended,324800,27512981,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kuragari San,Loving this game. Action is great and the cut scenes keep making me laugh. It reminds me a bit of borderlands. It a great FPS with RPG elements it
,Recommended,324800,27522061,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,0xDEAD,"Great game, good graphics, though not terribly hard. I generally play games on Normal and even I had no difficulty on completing a play through on Hard. Am now playing on Insane II and it's still about the same, just dodge and pay attention to vulnerabilities. Humor also seems to fall flat compared to Shadow Warrior (2013), though humor _is_ subjective."
,Recommended,324800,26523127,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,SugaredSpoon65,"Publisher: Flying Wild HogDate: 10/13/2016Tested on PCShooting monsters, cutting gangsters and demons is the basis of the previous game studio Flying Wild Hog. Shadow Warrior 2 takes these assumptions to less linear structure, not diminishing at this joy of each skirmish. It's still bloody exciting and fun, so that more extensive.Although traverse a pair of caves and tighter jump, then we say goodbye to the corridors. We run and jump on the large open locations, which makes us feel pleasant freedom. Positive impressions worsened by the lack of invisible walls. Instead, cross the bridge, we can jump between rooftops over the precipice to a shorter route. Like a small thing, and happy - despite some imperfect animation gripping the edge and climbing.Locations are diverse and distributed, and so we have to do (fortunately) with open world. Sometimes traverse forest areas and rural, sometimes get to town in the Japanese style - these stages are reminiscent of the previous game. There is also a completely new kind of environment, which is impressive, futuristic city native of cyberpunk production, full of steel, darkness and neon signs.Depending on the location usually we meet other opponents. The city is dominated machine drones and robots. Demons and mutants are more common in the more idyllic surrounding area. Different enemies require, of course, a different approach, and that a group of opponents usually are ""mixed,"" we must adapt to the situation, which is not boring fight.Clashes are brutal and spectacular, the screen is really happening a lot. Run over to one enemy, cut swords, we turn to treat another monster series with a pistol, quickly change weapons at the gun and - charging power of the shot - jumps to the next demon or other unfortunate to release the trigger and tear opponents to pieces. This ""dance of death"" is fantastic, every time.Arsenal is varied and virtually every kind of armament is satisfactory in use. Precise shots in the head with a revolver, hitting from afar with a bow, knock down a whole group of opponents rocket or grenade launcher - all different kind of pure laughter.Completely different experience - a positive - provides melee weapons. This time it was not only the katana, but double swords, futuristic blade shooting beams of energy, nails and other pieces of steel. Opponents can literally cut to pieces, and special impact allow you to feel the power of Lo Wang and cut by several enemies at once.The fight diversifies the presence of magical power - the ability to disappear, treatment, studded opponents on spikes growing out of the ground. More interesting, however, it is a completely new system to improve weapons. During the adventure we find a lot of stones, which can be mounted on rifles and blades. In this way, we improve statistics, add damage from fire or electricity.It's a great solution, the more that different enemies are resistant and sensitive to other types of attacks. In the chaos of battles we must take care of properly changing the arms, so as to fit the opponent. In most clashes literally we are juggling equipment - when we carry up to eight pieces of equipment.The only caveat associated with improvements is the fact that many of them are weak and uninteresting bonuses. Four percent of the damage from the ice? It's not very exciting. This brings to mind Diablo, where also most of the time we raise the stones worse sorts that just automatically end up in a backpack, and even they do not look at. Fortunately - as regularly - we gain powerful enhancers.We are not just trinkets, which we improve weapons. The crates and enemies fall money, notes, ammunition, first aid kit, and from time to time a new element of weaponry - the latter usually leave behind strong enemies, usually related to the objectives of the mission.Collecting ""loot"" is not in the Shadow Warrior 2 addictive as in productions such Diablo 3 or even Destiny, where we get not only weapons, but also many different parts of the armor, rings and other accessories. Most of the items are raising without thinking, automatically.Structure of the mission conducive to sharing a game for smaller portions. Each task takes place in a specific location, you choose from the map. The hero teleports to the place, and after completion of goal - back to ""base"", that is the area where we talk with other characters, make new orders and buy from the merchants.It turns out, however, that soon we stop wasting time on dialogues, either because they are boring or annoying - especially because only prolong the interval between successive raids on missions and fight. It shooter classic style, so I do not feel like a minute or two, and sometimes even longer, watch me talking to the figure.More scenes przerywnikowych - compared to the first part - also makes us nervous starts to the main character. Previously, he said a few words from time to time, but we were not so often forced to passively participate in the festival jokes at gimnazjalno-secondary school. All of this could solve the system of remote communication and cut-scenes to leave only for the most important feature moments.History is not stirred. Lo Wang main task is to help a girl whose soul and body were separated. Looking for the guilty and the way to solve the problem, exterminate hordes of demons, mercenaries and corporate gangsters Yakuza. In the end - after 10 or 11 hours - to reach the final, which is as average as the rest of the story. But this is not a big disadvantage because they do not plot counts in these shooters.Interesting solution conducive to returning to game the system to generate the site each approach from the beginning. The areas are not created entirely at random, but assembled from parts produced by designers, so we never have to deal with strange and incomprehensible system of paths and go. Repeating steps also promotes the possibility of stagnant unprecedented aspects of the weather.A welcome novelty is the cooperation - for up to four users. Together, you can perform all the missions. Always we play also its own character with a story mode, not so parting with their favorite tools of destruction. The level of difficulty depends on the number of players.Shadow Warrior 2 is a great sequel. Even annoying at times dialogues and scenes are not able to overshadow the joy of struggle, the more that you can scroll through them. Fans of shooting - and cutting swords - in the arcade and dynamic style should not miss this game."
76561198148511514,Recommended,324800,27547465,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jamie,fun game but in my opinion too much money :(
76561198082693571,Recommended,324800,27607759,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ARISENPHOENIX,"This game is truely well worth the purchase! If you get the game and don't enjoy it, we can never speak to each other. Clearly you have major issues on multiple levels if you can't have fun playing this epic game!"
,Recommended,324800,28757226,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,MamaChomsky,Great game
76561197972574993,Recommended,324800,31940073,Posted: 24 May,all,Kiakro,"Going to start by saying I am a super picky shopper. It takes a bit to reel me into the purchase but I took the bait on this one..... and oh man. I am so glad I did. This game is probably the most fun I've had in a FPS format. It plays like Borderlands and Ninja Gaiden got in bed and a had an awesome baby named ""Shadow Warrior 2.""The graphics are nice and vivid, it paints a great atmosphere and I've had only a few moments where I felt things looked a little wonky. It also lends to a Metal Gear Rising cut as you will style. Not as free form but pretty cool when it comes to enemies being carved up. You will be playing in first person and the it can be disorienting trying to fluidly melee at first, but it's not hard.The gameplay is fueled with action and loot, the combat offering many different options. The weapons are fairly unique and even those of similar classes have their unique differences. The melee combat is beyond fun and satisfies so much it's hard to not spoil the fun toys you will have at your disposal. The ranged weapons can be as exotic as your melee weapons and at times I find my self going back and forth a lot in fights. If that wasn't enough they are all highly customizable with a tiered crafting system that lets you empower them.The maps are pretty large but not open world large. With it being a game that operates by sending you to large zones to complete objectives or free-roam. I've yet to have a moment where I felt bored and said ""Oh great, this place again"" even the times I've revisted areas the enemies, paths and objectives offered enough of a twist to make it feel fresh.I have not personally tested the multiplayer in this game but I have high hopes for it as I've yet to be let down by this game. I'll submit an edit when I get around to it.If I had to throw a numbered score at this game, I'd have no problem placing it in the 8.5-9.0 range."
,Recommended,324800,31943210,Posted: 24 May,all,SlideWayz240sx,"First off i wanna say that im pretty sure this is the first game ive ever reviewed on steam, well because none of the games are good enough and worth my time so far.  Then, i came across this game.I've really got to say they did a FANTASTIC job on this game. he graphics are amazing, even on  low detail. controller support is on point. i love the semi open world to the game. i havenmt tried coop myself yet. Although i am very much looking forward to it.cons: i dont really know to be honest, maybe other than the fact its not free lol. but its worth every penny and I did NOT buy this onsale. i have ZERO regrets of purchasing this game by anymeans."
,Recommended,324800,31955715,Posted: 25 May,all,Nexodus,"Shadow Warrior 2 is a typical FPS-HacknSlash Action parody, with a lot of cheesy lines, many which that are good and some terrible.You also got something called ""Chi"" which is spiritual energy, it's more or less Mana and you can use magic to be advantagous in battles.The franchise are famous for their easter eggs, I would say the first one had more and better, but there were still some classics here.Pro's+Graphics(AAA Quality).+Comfortable combat system.+Mostly fluid movement.+Endless amounts of firearms, melee weapons and some traditional ranged weapons.+Semi In-depth enchanting system.+Large variety of skills and perks, a lot to be found from loot and at the shop.+Entertaining storyline, slightly above average.+Great audio quality over-all.Con's-It can become repetitive at times.-Not too many worlds/zones/maps, mostly replays of the same but different spawns and enemies.-Gathering Shadow orbs can be tedious and some enchantments require ridiculous amounts, 300+.-The Navmesh on the A.I can be bad at times(Many times they can't seem to know how to reach you)-Co-op can be problematic if you want to play with certain friends, not as simple as it should be.it could also be worked with alittle more, allowing players other than the host to do objectives, would been helpful.I would give it a8/10Other than that, I do need to say that they should release more DLC, make more out of the item's you've grinded and giving more purpose to the game, making it longer than the average 15-30 hour playtime."
76561198020340987,Recommended,324800,31924971,Posted: 23 May,all,Nᴀɴᴏɪᴢᴇʀ,"'If you think this universe is bad, you should see some of the others.' - Philip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198015325115,Recommended,324800,32009048,Posted: 27 May,all,Big Gucci Bando,gutes game
76561198029579791,Recommended,324800,31986930,Posted: 26 May,all,Siegfoult,"Awesome hack-n-slash-n-shoot gameplay from the previous game but now with stat customization, procedural levels, more weapons, and co-op.  Very fun especially for Borderlands fans."
76561198018671284,Recommended,324800,31992640,Posted: 27 May,all,Ian,"Really fun. Starts a litle slow during the tutorial stages, but turns into a fun blast."
,Recommended,324800,32008240,Posted: 27 May,all,Dread Raven,I never knew I needed so much WANG in my life bruh.
,Recommended,324800,32003401,Posted: 27 May,all,Dogester :3,stress balls? nah.shadow warrior 2? yee
76561198157083600,Recommended,324800,31853641,Posted: 19 May,all,ferchaud93,"This is the best sequel I've ever played. Taking place a few years after the original, you once again play the role of Lo Wang as he fights to save the world yet again. More story, more guns, more swords (and chainsaws), more jokes, and more Wang, Shadow Warrior just got a whole lot better. Who wants some more Wang?"
76561198000404373,Recommended,324800,31891953,Posted: 21 May,all,Nerthus,Much better than the 1st one :)
76561198016728320,Recommended,324800,31891548,Posted: 21 May,all,Pallas,"Soooo I love this game.  635 hrs of love.  It is similar to the SW1 remake, but mix that with the Borderlands style looting and character progression (BL 1 and 2 are my favorite games of all time, btw... so a bit of bias) and throw in a decent helping of Blade Runner/Snow Crash/Cyberpunk etc. and you have a game designed to thrill me!  I know some people disliked the loss of the more tightly focused story of the previous game, but I personally believe that the addition of new RPG mechanics vastly outweighs the loss of some narrative structure.I derived the biggest sense of enjoyment from the wonderfully fast paced fighting, the character progression, and the weapon/upgrade loot feedback cycle......and so, to focus on my favorite part, weapons, my main qualm is the best kind of qualm: The weapons are so cool that I really wish that there were more, despite the spectacular variety already available.  Maybe even go further down the Borderlands shoot and loot (and stab) rabbit hole and add randomly generated guns to the mix, with the currenjt guns as unique weapons (full disclosure: I think I read a review or post from somebody that had expressed this general idea in other words as well).Also, I would have really enjoyed a wider selection of ""medium"" guns - i.e. the category SW2 places your ""typical shooter"" bread-n-butter smgs/assault rifles into.  i know that flashy, wild guns and melee weapons are a big part of what sets SW2 apart from other action rpgs, but the bigger the contrast, the more amazing the wild guns are IMO.  Plus, sometimes you just want 6 different kinds of SMG/PDW/Carbine to dual wield!  I would totally kill (a bunch of demons ;) for four or five new guns resembling either pre-collision / furturistic / demonic versions of PDWs like an MPX, Skorpion Evo, P90, PDR-C, AKSU, MX4, etc.To really nitpick - I want a black version of the pre-order/dlc MP7 lookalike (the Wang Touch) with it's laser attachment moved from the right side to the left side of the weapon (like it was in SW1) so it is visible when just single wielding.  On that note to mention, lasers and scopes would cool modular attachments (that you could see on the weapon).  Other than that - I kind of wish most of the late / end game weapons drop sooner, so you could use them more.  I know you can replay on a NG+, but I really love character progression, so having more weapons, sooner would bring me back to the game.Finally, I was excited when I found both the Wang Touch and the Monsoon early in the game, both are more or less copies of weapons from SW1. , so I figured I would seethe rest f the weapons.  The Flamethrower and Crossbow in particular, but the revolver and shotgun were also really, really cool.  The flamethrow2er and crossbow were equally awesome, the Tosainu was so cool looking, while the Shotgun was  so freakin' ugly that I came to adore it.  Kind of like a pet pug. And what happened to Demon Heads and Hearts!  I loved the heart mechanic. Just so wonderfully paranormal!TL:DR - go buy it asap, especially if you like♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes."
,Recommended,324800,31921057,Posted: 23 May,all,MeanBill,One of the top FPS of the modern era.
76561198038461614,Recommended,324800,31918196,Posted: 23 May,all,Eldste Far i Huset,it's good
,Recommended,324800,32052874,Posted: 29 May,all,Zep Gaming,"Worth it to play on Insanity, and progressing Insanity, on the first try.Stay away from other difficulties - makes the game waaaay too easy."
,Recommended,324800,32069970,Posted: 30 May,all,ShortAge,"Amazing game, with great mechanics. It actually made me interested in japanese culture even though i watch anime. It has tons of weapons to choose from and you can upgrade them in anyway. If you liked Borderlands you will like this one aswel."
76561198363400328,Recommended,324800,32071974,Posted: 30 May,all,wilsonthewolf88,Great game worth the money 9/10
76561198181593614,Recommended,324800,32090375,Posted: 31 May,all,L1M0N,I highly recommend this game ...+many weapons to choose+nice combat system+funny jokes+can be played with friends+much more freedom+cool characters+you can slice enemies very nicelyand much more ....
76561198004708908,Recommended,324800,27744126,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[BB]Joanne_McLeod,meep
,Recommended,324800,27734345,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,yaume,this game is amazing hope they make more
76561197989777519,Recommended,324800,27734376,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mituki,"If you liked Borderlands, you'll love this."
76561197998552574,Recommended,324800,27734433,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Xzarg,"If you liked Shadow Warrior (2013), you will enjoy this. It has more of everything that was great in the previous game. More swords, more guns, more enemies, more movement options, more ways to customize your character, etc...Cons:Mutiplayer is kidna of iffy, I probably got disconnected in 60%+ of the games I played."
,Recommended,324800,27783210,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,テクノモンキーDJ,Best game ever
,Recommended,324800,27786390,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[CrAzY]Plague,Brings many of the best aspects of Borderlands into a more focused package. Best co-op shooter since BL2.
,Recommended,324800,27705539,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,RinoClaw,GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORE
76561197976171896,Recommended,324800,27829142,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Carlsentass,"Highly addictive. if you ever want to blow off some steam or just have a blast, this is the game for you. No endless grinding, no running around searching for loot, as Lootboxes are marked on the map, it's a looters dream \o/ and then there's the weapons, OMG the weapons.. who dosen't want a katana-chainsaw? with electric damage? or Fire damage? or a rocketluncher you can use as an independent turret as you run around smashing people in the face, blowing them up, sawing them in half.This game, THIS GAME!love it!"
76561197972858018,Recommended,324800,27825906,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Undeclared Variable,I've had a ton of fun with this game. It's Solid co-op fps with a good challenge. At the time of writing this though we are waiting on the patch to round out the end game. There is a new currency you collect on NG+ that has no use yet.
,Recommended,324800,27831709,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dfy,Banzai!!!!!
,Recommended,324800,27880396,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Chiela,yayyy bunny... WANGGGGGGGGGGGGG RUNN!!! THATS NOT BUNYYYYYYYY
,Recommended,324800,27696668,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,『PluginJesse』,"If you like FPS games, melee weapons, magic, science fiction, Japan and lots of gore and jokes about male private parts, then I highly recommend you check this game out!"
,Recommended,324800,27686637,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,cheapshotftw,This game is just amazing. So much fun to play!
,Recommended,324800,28020227,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,seductive smorg,"""Intimidation is the tool of the fearful heart."" - sensei dude""Hey, better than being the fool of the tearful fart."" - Lo Wangnuf said"
76561198171080198,Recommended,324800,26758306,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Dougie Jones,Pros:-Lo Wang-Fun Gameplay-RPG ElementsCons:-Ending makes you feel more cockblocked than the ending to The Sopranos-Story isn't that good-You get so much weapon mods that you don't what to do with themVerdict: 8/10 Great Game would play sometime soon in the future
76561197971206963,Recommended,324800,33262928,Posted: 4 July,all,Donut,"Personally, this was a play it once type of game. I did most of the side quests and the overall story was okay. Most importantly it was a fun game to play. There's also plenty of ""Wang"" jokes."
,Recommended,324800,33240048,Posted: 4 July,all,Netmaster,"Good,a hell of a lot of fun the first time around, some replay value but the online scene is a little dead"
76561198149412692,Recommended,324800,33255470,Posted: 4 July,all,Austie2004,Wanging good
,Recommended,324800,33203277,Posted: 3 July,all,ᴄᴀʀʟ ᴊᴏʜɴsᴏɴ,This game is really fun and I love the way you can chop up your enemy into pieces.
,Recommended,324800,33213066,Posted: 3 July,all,ivanderkek,the story is ♥♥♥♥ed up but gameplay is pure gold
,Recommended,324800,33221839,Posted: 4 July,all,Why Tho™,Probably one of the best games ever. It also has funny jokes.
76561198021695564,Recommended,324800,33219193,Posted: 4 July,all,PunLover,Simply Amazing!!!!
76561198054069555,Recommended,324800,33288376,Posted: 5 July,all,junn0,Better than borderlands!
,Recommended,324800,26022490,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,I am ppppppppppppppppppppppppppp,"Editing review... for the 3rd timeDevs have improved a lot.I think this game is sort of like SW1 combined with any of the dungeon crawler/RPG games, I kinda like how they handled the gems and stuff, it lets you make your own weapons, so you can choose an element or specific sidegrades like dual wielding and explosive ammo.This is good for a casual player, but not a person looking for a huge challenge, since the game allows you to build tanky/heal builds that don't let you die.EDIT: Ever....."
76561198040643118,Recommended,324800,33419600,Posted: 9 July,all,Sgt. Skeleton,"This game is wangthats the best way i can put it in words, the combat it awsome and very fleshed out, that is pretty easy to see with all the flesh being blown up and cut. the side characters range from okay to pretty cool but our good friend Mr. Wang is as funny and sharp as ever, so is his sword. it's a weird Japanese/Chinese blend that feels very fun to play in and the RPG and Multiplayer elements just top it all off, only thing that made me stop smiling is the ending of the main story, it was a bit abrupt but thats one problem i found out of a sea of awsomeStay true to the Way of The Wang Tiny Grasshopper"
,Recommended,324800,33418082,Posted: 9 July,all,mentatparadigm,"Completely Awesome. This is one of the best games of the past 5 years. The graphics are jaw dropping - you'll be spending plenty of time with the game's built-in photo mode. With a 6600K and a GTX 1070, I never get less than 100fps at 1440p Ultra settings. In so many ways, this game is what PC gaming is all about.Of course, all of that wouldn't mean squat if the game wasn't fun. Thankfully, it's a complete blast to play. I don't have much time for games these days, mostly only on the weekend. So when I beat a game, I uninstall it and move on. Yet Shadow Warrior 2 has keep me coming back over and over again. The combat is blazing fast, with dozens of enemies on screen at any one time and each one requires slightly different tactics to dispatch. Think Doom (2016) meets Borderlands and you'll have a pretty good idea.The first DLC, ""Way of the Wang"", is completely free and was enough to get me playing once again. This game is an incredible value at $30 and puts most so-called ""AAA"" titles to shame."
76561197993154901,Recommended,324800,33418047,Posted: 9 July,all,ImaShinobi,Another thing to suck the little life I have left. Pretty enjoyable.
76561198026086338,Recommended,324800,29857805,Posted: 11 February,all,T. Rolled,"SW2 is a very fun and fast paced game that you will likely binge-play for hours at a time. However, there are some problems with this game that many people deal with. The first problem is the game crashing. For me, the game has crashed many times-usually during a trial in the middle of combat-which is very annoying to retry. The second problem with the game is the ""bugs."" Such bugs include being unable to do damage (the main one). The game is fun and I recommend it, but be aware of its failures as well."
,Recommended,324800,30177292,Posted: 25 February,all,z_Z_RedVeNoM_Z_z,"I love this game a whole lot, but think i even liked it more after beating it the first time waited a few months with the new patches and dlc items. The game was a little better and i felt it gave me a reason to want to keep playing through my second playthrough, at first id give the game a 8, now id say more of a 9 with everything thats been added. Overall i love it and ive got back into it thanks to the new crafting systems they have added on the free dlc. Id say it mostly resembles borderlands but with only about 80 guns, its the diffeent attributes that you can tweak your wrapons that makes the game worth while trying to constantly upgrade either your fire rate, dps, miss rate or elements. All makes diffrent builds. This is a game worth buying!!! Even if your not a borderlands fan. I consider this its own type of game, very unique and fast paste i will add."
,Recommended,324800,27493432,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Fer82,Best wang for your buck!
76561198090254152,Recommended,324800,29861687,Posted: 11 February,all,ReymanHD,It has no ordinary Wang. It has Lo Wang :)
,Recommended,324800,30100265,Posted: 22 February,all,在下萝莉控ii,玩了十几个小时通关的这个游戏   砍杀 技能 武器 做的非常好 支持一下 没有中文是硬伤  还得自己找补丁 然后就是宝石系统做的挺乱的  各种属性暴击直到通关还没弄明白TAT
,Recommended,324800,27001067,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Chungy,+looks great+feels great+in-depth upgrade system which can make some weapons devestating+upgrades aren't gamechanging meanining you can't go wrong with upgrading something+pretty funny-harambe joke
,Recommended,324800,27024908,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Threta,A or D+Hold Right Click then release= blood everywhere 10/10
,Recommended,324800,26040788,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,DarkZeroz,"I can't even express how good this game is...I waited months upon months for it ever since I played Shadow WarriorI have to admit it was so worth the wait so worth the waitThe first game was amazing but lacked many features, it was shorter, only had 8 weapons, was a lot more linear, and got lonely all alone.This game fixed all of those things and more.This game has so many more features, it is a lot longer, i've already found over 20 weapons, is pretty much an open world game with side quests and the ability to free roam old missions, and its multiplayer!Things I love about Shadow Warrior 2• Good graphics• So many killing devices• Amazing story with emotional and heart breaking plot twists and events• More missions• A good map that shows loot you probably missed• So many secrets I can never find• Co-Op Multiplayer• Super funny dialogue (like really it makes me laugh so much)• Makes you feel like a huge badass• Has amazing characters that you get emotionally attached toThings I didn't like about this game• Has an end• Will probably take away hours of my life"
76561198048151802,Recommended,324800,32523645,Posted: 17 June,all,Hyperbomb180,THIS GAME LIT!
76561198038618688,Recommended,324800,27706678,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Po0nda,Best wang I ever played with :^)
,Recommended,324800,26020506,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Neko-Senpai~,WH0 WANT'S SOME WANG ^_~
76561198116557496,Recommended,324800,26051844,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Slippi,"........................,,-~*~,,......................./:.:.:.:.:.|......................|;.;.;.;.;./......................|.;.;.;.;.|............._,,,,,_.).;.;.;.;.|.........,,-"":.:.:.:.""~-,;.;.;.|........(_,,,,---,,_:.:.);.;.;.."",,......,-"":.:.:.:.:.""""-,,/;.;.;.;.;."",.....(:.__,,,,,,,,,___);.;.;.;.;.;|...../"""":.:.:.:.:.:.:¯""""\;.;.;.;.;.,""....\"",__,,,,,,,,,,,__/;;;;;;;;;/\.....\.::.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.);;;;;;;;;/:\.......\,,,,,---~~~~;;;;;;;;,""::::\..........""""""~~--,,,,,,,,,,-""::::::::::\...................\::::::::::::::::::::::"
,Recommended,324800,26020946,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Root Vegetable,"This is my rifle, this is my wang. There is a ton of content (almost 6 hours in and have only completed the first two missions) and Flying Wild Hog was kind enough to deliver us this jewel at a fraction of what other dev's would charge. So grab your Wang and go hog wild."
76561198074587713,Recommended,324800,29673083,Posted: 3 February,all,El Solo Lobo,"The Way of the Wang is long and hard, and ribbed, for her pleasure Best quote ive ever heard in a game. Yipikiyaaay Motherf*cker! 100/100"
,Recommended,324800,26064981,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Thothdj,I played with wang long into the night and thoughrily enjoyed it.
,Recommended,324800,26074640,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Shorvok,$40 might seem steep to some people. You know what they say though:No Pain No Wang
,Recommended,324800,32955993,Posted: 28 June,all,</dead>,Good game.
,Recommended,324800,26043888,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Igor Bogdanoff,very fun
76561198106725267,Recommended,324800,27474315,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,イスピクス,"One rule of this game, don't mess with the Wang or you will get your wang chopped off."
,Recommended,324800,31162473,Posted: 15 April,all,Skarpmaster,"wow!I think everyone will admit that it was the biggest suprise of 2k16, the game is technically as graphically impressive the story is actualy good what I wasn't expecting of a game that is based on gameplay experience and rpg elements, the gun variety is very big and the loot is king the co-op is fun, altough on lower end pcs you might have some lags, because of the higher spawn rate of enemies and more gore. The music is very good and the sounds as well. I don't realy see any weakneses in the game I highly recommend the game to every one who likes very fast combat and large explosions with an very big RPG element."
,Recommended,324800,32933395,Posted: 28 June,all,cHeRePaWkA,"Loved it, thank you."
76561198069797453,Recommended,324800,28736544,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,HollisBassMasta,So much fun! 10/10 This is how you make a game!
76561198067704066,Recommended,324800,28701017,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Fall,"Some people complain about the Voice Acting, for me that's one of the games strong points and that's saying something because so far the game seems pretty amazing ( I know I have barely any hours on it )"
,Recommended,324800,28707063,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,enzo94,"So fun, I loved it.Story could have been a bit longer and less cliche but it is good as is."
,Recommended,324800,28756579,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Poseidon,Such an enjoyable wang
,Recommended,324800,26271259,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Hyper Active Pyro,"You can get a weapon that repeatedly hits enemies like a chainsaw, can use the special attacks of a regular melee weapon, and regenerates Chi every time you deal damageNot your style? Then how about a high enough critical multiplier to have a 1 in 4 chance of landing a 3,000+ damage critical hit with basically any charge attackOh, and did I mention that the soundtrack is amazing"
76561198119961437,Recommended,324800,29499416,Posted: 26 January,all,Nigga on a bus,"*SIGH*Where do I start. If you want a decently long somewhat difficult game with lots of humor and fun combat and a a decent story. This isn't a bad game. But there are a lot of issues stopping this game from being much much better.CharactersThe characters are actually memorable and funny and for the first time in a while I actually remembered their names and personality throught the game. In many RPGS this is rare as most writers are basically autistic. These ones are too but in a good dark funny way. Lots of diversity and great voice acting and character design. And a surprising amount of character development4/5StoryPretty funny, interesting, and pretty comical. There is a lot of mentions of the lore of the universe which is cool and there are a lot of straight forward scenes and missions that help keep you interested.4/5GameplayTo a small extent I'm somewhat dissapointed with this. I put the game on the second highest difficulty for my first run and legitamitly never died in combat, only because I did♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥like dashing off cliffs. There is a noticable pattern to every enemy and a simple way to counter all of them. Most human enemies have three classes, swordsman, assassin, and soldiers I think, humans could mostly be oneshotted with melee power attacks, part way through the game I realized enemies were essentially ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. If I ran away they would give chase to the ends of the world. And they would group up. So I simply let them chase me and I would back slash and one♥♥♥♥♥♥kill like 6 of em at a time. and the same thing ended up happening for most other enemies too. A few enemies are blatant reskins with female demons and the corporate female robots and female acolytes. They simple spin around and throw frisbees at you or slash at you. They often even have the same animations. And if an enemy isn't stupidly easy to kill they are more likely than not stupid as hell but also stupidly hard to kill.The main formula for combat was *Dash, shoot or slash* rinse repeat. and about 4 hours in combat became more of a chore than anything else. I stuck around for the loot and story.2/5weaponsTBH I rarely used guns other than in main boss battles. The enemies were annoyingly bullet spongey so machine guns and pistols were straight away thrown in the trash. Heavy machine guns can sometimes be useful if you use a high damage one. Shotguns are meh and you get close enough for a melee strike anyway. Special weapons were the only thing that could do any real damage along with melee weapons but had such limited ammo I just used the ranged energy attacks on the swords. Now swords are where its at. With the main power attacks doing some of the most damage. You could wipe out enite crowds of enemies with a single back slash or spin. and the dps was much higher than most other weapons. For a ninja game this was okay but if you wanted to do any other playstyle then you're gonna have to go on the easiest setting.3/5"
,Recommended,324800,27921743,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kryptic,"Great game, A bit easy but nonetheless alot of fun just running around killing things."
,Recommended,324800,29611897,Posted: 31 January,all,TheFatPooBear #team baulz,"I love this game. I feel like I havent played it enough, One of my all time favorites. The only downside for me is the lack of being able to fight your mates but its not that type of game so i wont hold that agaisnt it. 10/10"
76561197989507208,Recommended,324800,29796231,Posted: 8 February,all,dndkhaos,its always a great time when you get your wang out and stab demons with your sword!!
76561198045798943,Recommended,324800,29724422,Posted: 5 February,all,Chasah,WONT STOP CRASHING
76561198064410876,Recommended,324800,29751181,Posted: 6 February,all,Rick,amazing game Worth the buy
,Recommended,324800,29753235,Posted: 6 February,all,kev2490,"This game was hella fun.  Constant jumping and slashing demons to bits!!! I will admit though this game can get a bit grindy if your playing alone, but with two of my buddys playing online with me it was constantly difficult and very exciting.  I would def recommend this game if you are going to play with freinds and its on sale. 7/10"
76561198005334413,Recommended,324800,29712831,Posted: 5 February,all,Panasonic 3DO,"Picture Doom, Borderlands and Ninja Gaiden had a drunken threesome and you might get an idea of what this game is about. It's a god damn masterpiece! Go buy this game right now."
,Recommended,324800,29715622,Posted: 5 February,all,Assman,The way of the Wang is long and hard...................And ribbed for her pleasure.10/10
,Recommended,324800,29915713,Posted: 13 February,all,ItsBrice,Come get some lo wang
76561198134555568,Recommended,324800,29863832,Posted: 11 February,all,Cheassy Arachnid,"Simply put one of the best fps/ninja action game I've ever played, Nuff said"
,Recommended,324800,29862858,Posted: 11 February,all,Cubes,"When fang meets wang, it's your job to stop the forces of evil.That sounded much better in my head."
76561198012425052,Recommended,324800,29721003,Posted: 5 February,all,knightlife77,"Take Skyrim + Onimusha, mixed with every John Woo film ever and maybe a little bit of Duke Nukem. That is pretty much this game.  If you want blood crazy action, looting and shooting and non stop♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes of the asian persuasion, then this game is for you."
,Recommended,324800,29302458,Posted: 16 January,all,Killy,The main menu theme made me hard. Well done devs.
76561198016736240,Recommended,324800,29286272,Posted: 15 January,all,Tchoy,"Amazing gameplay, locations and graphics = fun, fun, fun!If you like Serious Sam, you will gone love this.The weapons system and upgrade your caracter is quite complex, like Borderland. But this, is fun too. ;)"
76561198005904375,Recommended,324800,26078121,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,CpT,This is my favourite borderlands game so far
76561198116785642,Not Recommended,324800,28292596,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,akadas,"I changed my review for this game from positive to negative because it's been many months since release and the developer has not pushed out any updates that deals with the numerous bugs in this game.  I have about 26 hours of play time, it would be 260 hours if I wasn't disincentivized from playing every time I loaded the game."
76561197974335452,Recommended,324800,29433761,Posted: 22 January,all,[HTD]_Jimbo,This is a great solo or coop game with lots of hours of play time.
76561198001929527,Recommended,324800,29434559,Posted: 22 January,all,Cyberdex,"A breath of fresh air,  this game is not afraid to be crass."
,Recommended,324800,29353800,Posted: 19 January,all,Noriaki,"This game is like our chinese cartoon of the year Kill la Kill, but with a male protagonist, 99% less boobs and 99% more wang jokes. 8/10 needs more wang.But for real, This was my goty 2016 together with Doom.You should not listen to all these negative reviews that complain about comparing weapon stats and grinding.These are the same complaints people said about games like Borderlands and they most likely come from little kids who just want brainless action.You don't have to compare gems and weapon stats every minute. I often played a few missions without checking them after finding good combinations for my weapons and i only checked them before exiting the game after a session.I never had to grind once on my first playthrough either. I did all side-missions and never felt overwhelmed.I can imagine that you'll have to grind on the highest difficulty but I am not there yet. I am on my second playthrough, one difficulty higher than normal and I still don't need to grind.The game is fast paced and even faster than Doom and it is great fun, especially with the advanced movement like the dash.Gunplay isn't as bad as other people say either. I had a revolver called ""Triade"" from mid-game until the final boss and it destroyed everything and killed the final boss faster than my swords. Swordplay is of course favoured but guns are useful in many situations too, so don't forget to put some good gems into them.Graphics are nice but it seems that the game has some performance issues. I am running a 8x4Ghz processor, 16gb ram and a 1080 and the game often stuttered and dropped fps and even freezes in some battles.. I hope they will patch it, because without these flaws the game looks beautiful.All in all I can recommend this game ! This one and Doom were the only games I finished in 2016 and I will finish the higher difficulties too."
76561198157856469,Recommended,324800,29313484,Posted: 17 January,all,club24,is good
76561198079318767,Recommended,324800,29312014,Posted: 16 January,all,Geralt the Great,"Shadow Warrior 2 is fantastic looking game (i play at 1440p) with great combat, fluid movment system, plenty of dirty jokes and a huge selection of fun and interesting weapons. I would personally give the story a 7.5/10 but a 10/10 for everything else."
76561198254338555,Recommended,324800,29368673,Posted: 19 January,all,cajetski,i love this game!! i just want more content
76561197970734224,Recommended,324800,29412714,Posted: 21 January,all,StealthKK,"This is without a doubt one of the best action games I've played in years. Granted, it might be a little nostalgic because it's reminiscent of the original Doom mixed with the original Rise of the Triad with a hint a Serious Sam in there.Everything comes together well in this game. If you're looking for a good action game then this is it, as long as you're not an oversensitive emo granola ♥♥♥♥♥ that can't stand the in your face racist protagonist named, ""Wang"". They use that word to it's fullest in terms of sexual innuendo.If you're not an uptight♥♥♥♥♥♥that's leading to the demise of the free world, you might like this game. Otherwise, you WILL love this game."
,Recommended,324800,31924152,Posted: 23 May,all,abbu,Kill Everything...
76561198174214629,Recommended,324800,31928799,Posted: 23 May,all,Spartan Rob 119,This game is just... fantastic. So much customization of weapons and the dialogue is just hilarious.
,Recommended,324800,31926951,Posted: 23 May,all,Notscreenlooking,Great grindy coop game. Worth.Gameplay; 10/10Loot : 10/10Story: Wang/10
76561198083035660,Recommended,324800,31927247,Posted: 23 May,all,Darkoasis,Borderlands/Destiny style gameplay and loot system with funny jokes and writing. Solid 8.5/10 for me.
76561198061786965,Recommended,324800,32105305,Posted: 1 June,all,gromly,"No, seriously, where's Gekko Moriah?"
,Recommended,324800,32513251,Posted: 17 June,all,Hiul,"Pros: Great game, great combat, great music, great comedy, great weapon diversity, and challenging difficulties.Cons: Too short (In my opinion at least.), and Low enemy diversity (Too many enemies with the same animations and roles in combat.).TL;DRIf your looking for an awesome game with fast paced combat and optionally high difficulty with a good story and hillarious main character, pick this game up."
76561198131808170,Recommended,324800,26306364,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Crimzen,"Co-Op could do with some better handling but other than that! Love it! Great to play with friends. Lots of slicing and dicing, blood and guts!!"
,Recommended,324800,31102318,Posted: 12 April,all,GavinGalix 🎃,Honestly ♥♥♥♥ing Amazing 11/10
76561198306303230,Recommended,324800,31287550,Posted: 21 April,all,Wraith Master,"This Game is Really Really Amazing on my Dedicated 10 Series Graphics card it runs so well I feel it's roughly Doom but with a Ninja, I like the Story and I like the humor I also like the Hidden Portrait of the cast in the Bar as well as I got this whole Series on sale for less then the 2nd one Normally Costs I've of course played the 1st Shadow Warrior Game before but i feel they really brought back the origin of the game with 2 and really put real effort into this game with more weapons then the 1st as well as the ability to upgrade them with certain attributes it really is a fun game that's made quite well."
,Recommended,324800,31326753,Posted: 23 April,all,Naxza,"I recommend this game, but only barely. Total playtime to start the game and beat it, including all side quests BUT the new bounty board missions: ~15 hours.On the surface, it reads like the wet dream of every videogame-obsessed nineties kid: Zip around randomly generated maps with ninja powers and an awesome arsenal of wild and destructive weapons, mowing down demons and Yakuza and kicking open chests full of loot and new weapons, and when you've had your fill, you go back to town to buy new toys and modify the life out of your new swag. On the surface, it meets every one of those expectations, and it's wildly fun. If you're a stickler for the finer details or have a strong min-max drive, the game loses some of that charm.As randomly generated maps go- what bothers me is that it's entirely unnecessary. Each of the map tiles looks and feels fantastic to play around in. Your first few excursions into new levels will steal your heart with interesting set pieces, stuff to smash, chests to loot, secrets to find. Level design on its own feels great. In implementation, it doesn't really make a difference to me if these crumbling buildings are next to the cave system or not, or if the Zilla Factory tile is anywhere near to the apartment building. As a result of these shifting set pieces, you never get a straight answer out of any NPCs when it comes to quests or mission objectives- it's always 'go here on your map.' It takes a little bit of soul away from the game's character, I tell you. As a major selling point for the title, it doesn't make a lick of a difference for how it plays except that it enforces some lazy pathfinding for enemy AI, as they'll burrow, teleport, or leap to get on your level, and it never looks neat.A major beef I had with the weapons is that, frankly, your accuracy is♥♥♥♥♥♥poor no matter what you do. Assault rifles spray bullets in a neat cone around whatever your target is, pistols can't hit past ten meters, sniper-type weapons are juuuust inaccurate enough to whiz around your crosshair every shot (good luck lining up your headshots), and heavy artillery (rockets) whiz past mobs in wide trajectories. On top of that, enemies are fast and dodgy and they will do their best to not get shot. Couple that with just about every bullet being projectile instead of hitscan, and you end up having a really tough time landing hits with most guns. Sure, you can mod some more accuracy in, but that brings me to my second point.Modding is really hit or miss. Rarer weapon mods tend to have negative values attached to two good ones, so your +critchance +accuracy mod will probably also have -damage on it, or -damage to small/large/superior enemies. Some weapons have a mod locked in already, giving you only two to play with instead of three, usually to give it an intrinsic elemental effect (fire><ice, lightning><corrosive). Enemies also pick up elemental effects and resistances and frequently have physical resistance. This means that the best way to do damage is to mod elements on all of your guns, and elemental mods never possess the +accuracy, +damage, +cip size, whatever normal mods. As such, you usually need to go full elemental or full physical, meaning you either can't fix your accuracy or crit rate, or you get wang-blocked by physical resistances all the time.Suuure, you -could- mod out the negative malus in the rare mods, or socket an extra mod gem into a weapon, but these go at the cost of Orbs of Masamune, which are pointlessly rare, so the above is prohibitively expensive. After a full playthrough on hard difficulty and doing all of the Way of the Wang challenges (unlocks said orb use), I had maybe 150 of the things. That's about 2/3ds the cost of removing a negative malus. Don't count on it.Other gripes- The story is okay, the storytelling suffers because of the mission-and-procgen-levels gameplay. Voice acting outside of the main protagonists is usually sloppy. Wang spouts his one-liners just too frequently (Oh hello, new ammo friends!), weapons are static and so you'll never find better versions of ones you've already found, the modding inventory is kind of cluttered. Game feels segmented because of the mission system. Multiplayer is sparse. Loot chests are mostly just good for filling up on ammo. Enemies with elemental effects damage you if you stand next to them- you get a health degeneration that shakes your screen with each tick while your character coughs, groans, and splutters, and everything about that is annoying.If you want a shoot and loot, go grab Borderlands 2. If you want more Shadow Warrior 1, go grab Shadow Warrior 1. If you want a game you can binge on the couch for a weekend or two, grab a few beers and play this one. It's not too deep, it's not too complicated, it's not really artistic, but it's good for a wild whirlwind fling if you're okay putting it down before the game's flaws become too glaring. It IS fun, and that's really the most important part. It just loses a lot in execution."
76561198062446872,Recommended,324800,31332559,Posted: 23 April,all,Kelly,This is one of my new favorite games. I highly recommend It!
,Recommended,324800,31346384,Posted: 24 April,all,burungman1234,"Samurai, guns, big guns, powers, humorous non stop talking character..."
76561198195876581,Recommended,324800,31498769,Posted: 1 May,all,rockso the rock and role clown,this is a great game way better then 1 but the story sucks balls ending was gay af and they made the the mistake of this generation going future everthing else is 100% what 1 should have felt like but how ever the unlimtied leap made the game way to easy
,Recommended,324800,31375882,Posted: 26 April,all,Sviskebisk,nice game but i'd like more diverse map next time instead of returning to the same areas
,Recommended,324800,31385629,Posted: 26 April,all,smiffeh,"I begrudgingly recommend this game. The polish is there, but corners were definitely cut. Story and characters are not that great, and it's sometimes too easy, but the difficulty does ramp up as the game continues. Upgrade and loot system is too complex/confusing for what it is.Oof... so where to  start...This game is... not as good as it could've been. I feel like this game was rushed in terms of character and model assets and animations. They are UGLY. However, the environments are BEAUTIFUL.Here's the main thing about Shadow Warrior 2: the first remake (Shadow Warrior 2013) actually made me a bit emotional at the end, not gonna lie about that. This one's ending is more of a ""okay I'll just go ♥♥♥♥ myself then"" ending. It sort of sets itself up for a possible sequel that I'm not sure that I really want to see.The gameplay is simple overall, but the addition of the ""loot""/upgrade system was a bit confusing at first and really too complex for the kind of game this is. However, the gunplay/swordplay is INCREDIBLY well balanced such that one weapon is not too particularly better than another.I will admit that once I became familiar with the upgrade system as well as the elemental effects, the game became fun. It was fun to shoot and stab, just like the first one. They also fixed Chi moves with melee weapons. No more forgetting which movement key combo does which move, it's all movement + right click, and it's a GOD SEND.It's also possible that I let hype get to me. I played a build of the game at RTX 2016, and was very excited and ready. Maybe don't ride the hype train? Not just for this game, but for any game"
76561198259723370,Recommended,324800,31380783,Posted: 26 April,all,e6ug,Super fun game with free DLC!!!!  Flying Wild Hog  FTW!
,Recommended,324800,26156017,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,ElGordoFreeman,"This game was very fun, I played the game on Normal difficulty first, and replayed it on Hard with NG+ and started to replay again on NG+ on Insane. But after the last patch, the game removed a lot of skill points making the game so unplayable. Even the remove the ability to gain new skill points on NG+, making this feature totally useless.UPDATE: To date (april 2017) the game was some how fixed and it's very good"
,Recommended,324800,32330291,Posted: 10 June,all,privatefil,"fun game, give it a try!"
,Recommended,324800,32288526,Posted: 9 June,all,Dong Wang,"In Overwatch my team said:""No Hanzo, else you are dead;Play Mercy, you dumb damage dealer"".So I bought SW2,Fun guns and♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes too,Now my team needs a new healer."
,Recommended,324800,32312636,Posted: 10 June,all,SquidTheSid,"TL;DR: Really fun first person shooter with a fantastic movement system and really damn fun combat. Upgrading system can be annoying, and the enemies/level design leaves a good bit to be desired.So, what is Shadow Warrior 2? Well, you play as Lo Wang (yes, there are plenty of♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes in this game), a blade for hire, and are tasked by the yakuza boss Helka to retrieve Kamiko. Things go awry, and in order to prevent her from dying, Kamiko's soul is placed into Lo Wang's body to prevent her spirit from dying off. The body goes missing and you need to find it. It's a simple plot, and it serves the job decently enough. All things considered, it's a downgrade from the first game, which had some touching moments and a bittersweet ending. Also, Kamiko as a sidekick isn't nearly as likeable as Hoji from the first game was (the chemistry between Wang and Kamiko just isn't there).But that's not why you're playing this game (though admittedly, the campiness of the entire game is a very strong point in the game's favor). No, you're here to kill bad guys as stylishly as possible, and it's the game's biggest strength.You've got a really fun movement system (you have infinite ground and air dashes and can double jump - this lets you cover insane distance extremely quickly and allows you to be hyper mobile in most fights), alongside 73 different weapons spread across different categories like melee, shotguns, launchers, pistols, etc.And for the most part, the guns are pretty solid. They mostly have a good punch (though, some of them can feel a bit wimpy) and are fun to use (plus they are animated extremely well).  Like the last game, the melee stands out, as slashing foes to tiny pieces never really gets old (and swords with energy waves are especially fun).Personally, I used a mix of grenade launchers, a katana, a rocket launcher, a gauss rifle, dual revolvers with exploding ammo, a triple barreled shotgun, and a minigun. But there are a lot of ways to customize your arsenal to your tasres (and really, most playstyles are viable, including melee only, though assault rifles feel underpowered).And on top of that, Lo Wang has several special powers. He can regenerate his health using Chi (one of your most important skills), turn invisible and gain bonus damage, impale enemies with spikes (also very useful), and knock back foes with blasts of Chi. If you're using melee, you get three special powers (a charged stab, a charged 360 spin attack, and a charged energy wave).So yeah, with all of this variety, the core combat loop really doesn't get old, and it's the highlight of this game by far.There's also co-op for up to 4 players in total, but I haven't tried it out, so I can't comment on that.Let's talk about the weaker aspects of the game now.The levels are okay. They generally tend to be in a futuristic corporate environment (usually involving ZIlla), or out in the open forests. I never thought they got too repetitive, but some more variety would have been greatly appreciated. Maybe snow-covered mountains or lava-covered caves.Enemies feel mostly samey, as you're got floating drones, humans, and demonic enemies. There is enough visual variety to keep them from being boring to fight, but the lack of speciailization in their roles (outside of shoot at you or melee you) does hamper the enjoyment a bit.Let's talk about the big bugbear here: the looting system. I don't despise it, but it needs a lot of work, especially if it's gonna be returned in the sequel. Most of the drops (gems) are aguemtns to your gun, and you can have up to 3. However, most of them (outside of firing mode/ammo gems which change up how you can use your gun) are boring stat increases (and on legendary/rare gems, you can get stat decreases for some reason). +11% damage or +12% firing rate aren't interesting enhancements, and while you can get better ones in higher difficulties, they don't change the way you play in any meaningful sense. Also, you get drowned in gems (and autoloot is buggy, so you often have to manually walk over them, which breaks flow), so going through them can be a pain. It's just better to scroll down and see which one increases your DPS (there's a helpful green up arrow indicating a DPS increase and a red down arrow indicating a decrease and mark everything else as junk. Yes, there is a system to combine gems and remove debuffs, those those only become available towards the end of the game and cost a lot of resources.The devs should focus on quality over quantity, using interesting upgrades for gems and making them more infrequent so they feel like a reward as opposed to a chore.There's also an element system in this game, which I'm conflicted on. You've got 5 elements: ice, fire, toxic, electricity, and physical. Most elite mooks tend to have a resistance to a specific element or two and a weakness to one. For example, an elite might be weak to ice and strong to fire. On one hand, this system encourages you to switch up weapons since you need to swap between weapons modded for different elements based on enemies, on the other hand, it's not really an interesting counterplay and it does limit the choice of weapons you can use at once. Ultimately, this means that enemies are more or less bulletspongy, which is a shame.There's not much of an endgame, outside of replaying the game on higher level difficulties in NG+ to get better gems and min/max your weapons.Overall, do I recommend Shadow Warrior 2? I'd say yes (but probably on sale, for those on the fence like I was) on the caveat that you mostly ignore the loot system. Get 2 weapons of each element, slot them  to your weapon wheel, and occassionally upgrade to boost your DPS. The less you deal with the system, the more fun you'll have in the actual game (which is really well done)."
76561197971206413,Recommended,324800,32362959,Posted: 12 June,all,markosberg,"1990's single player fps will always be my favourite genre of game and Shadow Warrior 2 scratches that itch. the modern graphics are lovely, weapons are all wonderfully over the top and the player movement is damn near perfect. The humour is not for everyone but I don't mind, Wang is basically an asian Deadpool. My only gripe is a annoying bug that randomly brings up the pause menu.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,324800,29643128,Posted: 1 February,all,AlekswithaK,"Fast, colorful, tongue-in-cheek. Everything it should be."
,Recommended,324800,32231959,Posted: 6 June,all,Bastulos,"I came into this game not having played any of the other games in the series (or previous series for that matter), hoping for something roughly like DOOM with just massive amount of violence and gore. Well let me tell you the game certainly delivers from a gameplay perspective. The combat is fun, the abilities are useful (though not as fun, but I mostly used that as utility for killing stuff the old fashioned way).Where the game really falls short is the story and how repetitive the side missions feel. As fun as the combat was, I just couldn't get into doing the side missions. They got really boring, really fast. And the story itself isn't all that spectacular, though I feel like the focus of the game is more killing stuff with the story as an excuse. It's not bad, it's just mediocre.The upgrade system was also interesting, though nothing ground breaking or revolutionary. Most of the weapon upgrades modify gun attributes, damage to certain enemies, or elemental damage. A small portion of the upgrades actually modify how the guns handle (by adding things like charged shots, enemy penetration, dual wielding, and a few more).I'd recommend this game based on the combat alone. Don't go into this game expecting to have a great story to follow, rather go into it looking to murder tons of bad guys with a lot of prejudice."
76561198085391841,Recommended,324800,32317768,Posted: 10 June,all,Grossout,"This game is almost perfect. Better than doom IMHO...and free DLC? WTF!Some whine about procedurally created maps feeling like procedurally created maps, but I think they are more than fine. I like the open worldish style of this game.Also graphics are nice. Art style is nice. freedom is nice.  swordplay is top notch. Weapons are nice. It's satisfying to blow enemies into pieces.There are not a lot I could whine about this game. Definately worth a buy at full price especially since devs gave us 2 DLC for free! And it is cheaper than AA games usually!Off you go to buy this game.Some huge complaints are;-Grind-Often crashes-Loading times."
,Recommended,324800,32391629,Posted: 13 June,all,Billy,"Havent even played this game for 2 hours and its already a keeper, the Combat 8/10 and i love all the skills and weapons when i heard it came out i thought it would be another boring game where the combat is the same and the levels are the same, yeah... big mistake the story is 7/10 i love the graphics and the voices so over all i would rate the game 8/10 would totally reccomend this to friends"
76561198069545726,Recommended,324800,32751006,Posted: 24 June,all,urpos,best game ever.
76561198103146067,Recommended,324800,32099261,Posted: 31 May,all,Bucket Crunderdunder,"""The way of the Wang is long, hard, and ribbed for her pleasure.""Best game on steam just because of this"
76561198029698519,Recommended,324800,32073560,Posted: 30 May,all,Defenestration,"Best gore system ever. The most fun I've had playing a video game in a long time, and I play way too many video games. There are so many small details that show the love that was put into making this game."
,Recommended,324800,31910029,Posted: 22 May,all,IAmAPotato,"For anybody with issues like I was having, try disabling the automatic boost for the 6700K (automatic overclocking). The automatic boost was making my pc unstable, now I am actually getting the performance I should have been getting all along.Original Review: This seems to be the only game I am having trouble with. I never blue screen and almost never have trouble in any other game, but when using the standard katana in this game I tend to crash/blue screen.I cannot seem to find anybody else having this issue other than standard crashes.It is highly unlikely to be hardware as I am am running a 6700k and 1080 with 16 gigs of ram."
,Recommended,324800,32172698,Posted: 4 June,all,MrSiS,"Very good fps game, run 60 fps fhd, on ultra with r9 390"
76561197982951890,Recommended,324800,32192818,Posted: 4 June,all,electric.al,great game good fun fast moving runs smooth
,Recommended,324800,32273219,Posted: 8 June,all,MoRPo,"slicin', shootin', coop fun"
,Recommended,324800,31956289,Posted: 25 May,all,5Andysalive,"It's like Doom. But with more fun. Crazier weapons. Great Katana melee fighting, More diversity. More exploding rickshaws. And more wang.Also a certain Serious Sam vibe to it.native 21:9  support."
76561198070001930,Recommended,324800,32360508,Posted: 12 June,all,BIG NUTS,A+
,Recommended,324800,33720935,Posted: 22 July,all,Boreale,"10/10 game. Amazing level design, perfect violence but God it crashes a lot."
,Recommended,324800,26103014,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,LuWinKre,You know the game is good when you feel like you are hacking
,Recommended,324800,33700593,Posted: 21 July,all,Happy Sudoer,That was a very amusing game.I really enjoyed it. 10/10
76561198209682053,Recommended,324800,33942119,Posted: 31 July,all,:)- Shaw,awesome
,Not Recommended,324800,27714301,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Dyne,"Had to amend my review upon further play and it changed from a thumbs up to a thumbs way down.It seems like the devs really wanted to make Hard Reset 2 and rip off Borderlands while they were at it. The problem is both of those games are fun and this one is absolutely not. Never before has a grenade launcher been so unsatisfying to fire. Compared to the first installment the dialogue is atrocious... not funny even once. The fortune cookie collectibles went from hilarious to just ripped off quotes from existentialists and pessimistic poets.The weapons are the worst part of the game, and this is a first person shooter. None of them have any impact, it just feels like you're clicking a button on an RNG to see how much damage you'll do. The enemy types are completely uninspired and are mostly just reskinned versions of the same handful of units.And the DRONES. Oh my god. Most annoying enemy in any game I've played. They're ""challenging"" in that they constantly dart around and take inexplicable amounts of damage with absolutely no reaction to said damage. If I blast a floating orb at point blank with a shotgun I'd expect it to at least fly back a few feet. Nope.But that's what the game basically is. Hordes of enemies that aren't necessarily difficult to defeat, just annoying to fight. You'll be trying to just finish a damn side quest so you can move along and be done with this game and suddenly here comes another swarm of 50 drones to fight for no good reason.What I meantioned in my previous review holds true... the world is so cardboard it's insulting. The towns are completely uninhabited except for the one person per mission that you need to talk to. Most of the houses you can go into have nothing of worth in them and no enemies nearby so they simply exist to pad the length of the game.F*** Flying Wild Hog. Shadow Warrior 1 was a fluke, apparently."
,Recommended,324800,28752737,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,sTroovE,i like wang
76561198052831948,Recommended,324800,30161070,Posted: 25 February,all,Fremen-NL,"Technically wise, and gameplay wise, this game was a true delight to play, amazing optimisation, with so much going on, on the screen, really amazing. I Loved the snow mission (Which was free DLC), and the village setting, with the rain and storm the most. Personally, i really disliked the futuristic setting,.. the ""graphic art style"", really felt out of place, the most of the time for me, and pretty dull too. Loved the fortune cookies. But i think most of all, i liked the ""destructables"", and the chain reactions they can cause.. A lot,...i just wondered around, (Single player only. so far.) looking for stuff to blow up, the visuals and the stable framerate, and the deep clear sounds used for the explosions, and stuff cluttering down, with fireworks tipping it off, make it a fantastic audio / visual experience. In comparison to DOOM, i find this game a bit more, ""comfortable"" to play. It's a rather ""dark"" game though, i did not get the story clearly (Mostly because of the ""behind the computer game altering substances"", i guess.) and sometimes wondered, if i was fighting a ""just"" cause. Nevertheless, i will pre order Shadow Warrior 3, as soon as it comes available. (50 bucks for Shadow Warrior 2 would still be a reasanoble price, imo. (Gameplay and atmposphere are really fluent.) Last side note: The double rotered spinwheel chainsaw, i got mid towards the end, really put a smile on my face. (And heavy uasage also.) Ok, one last more thing, (Wang dialect.) i think it was a fortune cookie in SW2, but i'm not sure, if it was not, it should be in SW3, ok here it goes: To be ? Or Not To Be ? ... Not To Be.. (Arnold Schwarzenegger LAH)"
76561198085429913,Recommended,324800,33988682,Posted: 3 August,all,Don Chulo,great fun... can get old... alot of issues with clipping in the cut scene.... worth it on sale
,Not Recommended,324800,26024648,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Feuver,"Shadow Warrior 2 so far delivers a great shooter experience with everything you could ask for. Whacky guns like the classic FPS days? Check that up with Nail guns, Gauss rifles, claws and Skull Machine Guns. Want to go fast? This game will make you go fast you won't be able to ♥♥♥♥ing aim anymore. Want to focus solely on melee combat? Well, grab your favorite melee weapon (There's like a dozen, with different move sets and abilities) and go to town ripping demons to shred.However, the Procedural generation hurts the game a fair bit. Already 6 hours in and I've seen several similar ""Assets"" (That is repeated map segments) which means you don't see a LOT of new stuff in terms of level design, which is a damn disappointment, seeing that old FPS games always had a point of pride in making level that were unique and memorable. You won't find that in SW2 I'm afraid.Another down point is the game balance. Due to the procedural generation of the game, some fights will be really really easy, and other times they will be incredibly rough, with no real steady sense of progression. Yeah sure, enemies will get tougher and hit harder with times, but that's beyond the point when some fights will take 30 seconds to end while others take 2-3 minutes. That's not counting the amount of times in these Randomly Generated Levels where you have no enemies to fight against, because they were placed randomly over the map and not in a wave format like the original Remake. While you move very fast, it makes these levels feels incredibly secondary and often empty, which is definitively something you don't want when building a fast-paced action shooter.I would prefer the game return to its more ""Locked room with a wave of enemy"" format, much like Painkiller, or DOOM, than the current state it is in where there's a blob of enemies stranded around on the map.It remains a great game mechanically speaking, but some decisions were a powerful hit, and some were a dreadful miss. Hopefully, we can turn this game or the next Shadow Warrior iteration into a bullseye.Afterall, the Wang's way is long and hard. But it is ribbed for her pleasure.EDIT: GAME FINISHEDHonestly, I've never been so underwhelmed after the middle point of the game. While the first half of Shadow Warrior 2 is quite exciting, even with its shortcomings, when you enter the second half, it gets even worse. Everything is so repetitive, boring and unexciting. You unlock weapons who are just so much better than the rest that your arsenal of useful weapons that was already short to begin with, and the same maps and same enemies repeated over and over and over again until you just can't be excited anymore.The progression system is a mess. There's no progression tree, nothing to look forward to, no super powerful upgrades that changes the game for yourself, like the much better loot shooter like Borderlands or Destiny. From the start to end, you're given cards that only acts as number boosts for your already unlocked skills, and you can just grab everything, and never have to really make a hard decision when it comes to your character. This means you can't make an unique ""Wang"", you're just making Ultimate Wang every time. That would be fine if the game ever became hard...The thing with SW2 and difficulty is that the players have so much mobility (Unlimited dash, jumps, runs, and speed movement bonus) that enemies can hardly ever hit you to begin with. There are very very few enemies that shoot projectiles, and almost none that have hitscan weapons. This means that if you constantly dash and shoot, you will almost never ever get cornered or hit, while you can still shoot freely and kill everything in your way. Worst on this are the bosses, who while some (SOME) of them are big and impressive, they're so slow that they're never a threat. No monster is ever as fast and as dangerous as the player, so you won't ever be challenged.All in all, while I found this game great on the first half, the second half really made its flaws shine. If they ever make a third Shadow Warrior, please focus on making great level design like in the first game instead of this fake RNG maps that are obviously the same chunks paired together awkwardly. Make enemies that have strategies to them rather than just give them elemental resistances that doesn't matter, and that actually can deal with player mobility. And Lastly, make the loot more interesting than thousands and thousands of mods that you have to burn through."
76561198397102478,Recommended,324800,33974052,Posted: 2 August,all,Tareksaleh01,"The first shadow warrior game i played was on the apple store back in 2012 and i immediately fell inlove with this game most probably because of the great blend of crude humor, gore and a crap ton of♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes shawdow warrior 2 delivers that and more with online multiplayer and even more♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes but it lacks a few elements for the online part as its missing a chat box or voice chat between the players"
76561198211602448,Recommended,324800,33976700,Posted: 2 August,all,SunSkimmer,"This game is a perfect child of DOOM and Borderlands... so much action and loot, as well as the lack of really interesting story :')"
,Recommended,324800,33963813,Posted: 1 August,all,kubisnax,"I bought this game not expecting a whole lot but I actually enjoyed it quite a bit. It is hilaroius, challenging and violent. The storyline is also pretty good and there are a lot of side missions to do if you need a break from the main storyline. It's pretty great honestly."
,Recommended,324800,33986132,Posted: 2 August,all,Swellionite,"A few months back I was looking for a game to test my new alienware laptop on. I scoured and crawled my way through the store until Shadow Warrior 2 caught my eye. It seemed that this game met all my criteria set prior to the search:Cheap?-RelitivelyInteresting?-Very!Not too large a filesize so I would have to wait two weeks before I could even launch the game?Check!After deliberating these points, I took out my wallet eager to delve into this brand new title. However, it wasnt long after I launched the game that I realized that my laptop would be unable to play the game in all its graphical fidelity. Alas, my laptop struggled with providing me with a playable experience, so I hastily refunded my Steam wallet and never looked back......Until now.Yes, now, a few months later, I have built a PC capable of playing anything under the sun. My alienware computer has been thoughtfully pushed aside for now so that I can enjoy my newfound 4k 60fps gaming experience. Expensive? -Yes! Worth it? -Darn tootin'So what games does one try out on their new gaming machine? Crysis 3? GTAV? BF1?Well, it turned out that I really wanted to revisit shadow warrior 2. So I whipped out my wallet once again, and dove into this nifty little title.Immediately it becomes apparent that this is a comedical game. For example, the protagonist's name - ""Lo Wang"" is a pretty good barometer of the rest of the games overbearing tone.Im too tired to write the rest of the review and go into specifics so ill do the standard ""Pro/Con"" list instead.PROS:Good main characters (Wang and Kamiko)Awesome WeaponsBeautiful GraphicsGreat OptimizationSmooth GameplayCONS:Very short (I beat it in 11 hours)Questionable comedyRepetitive environmentsStory is meh, lacks fleshed out conclusionLittle replayabilityOverall:Solid game with good mechanics that make me forget about the sub-par storytelling."
,Recommended,324800,34137281,Posted: 9 August,all,STEALTHYNUMB3R,"A pretty good hack and slash game. Disappointed with the ""legendary"" loot though. The optimization could also use some work."
76561197994844936,Recommended,324800,34165049,Posted: 11 August,all,X^{\brAin},"Very nice gunplay +++, runs stable and fast++, funny dialogs+, hp instead of autohealth++, little bit too much items collectable, its a fps not a football manager-, sometimes resampling of level parts is boring-, texturequality could be better-, no quicksave--, => overall pretty good stuff!"
76561198202608062,Recommended,324800,34206343,Posted: 12 August,all,v1p3r52,"Love this game.Best game I've played in a long time, Beautiful graphics runs smooth, love it"
76561198139614545,Recommended,324800,34465957,Posted: 24 August,all,Wonderpill,"This game is truly something else.If you want a GREAT game, FPS, sword slasher, Diablo-ish loot system, and just stupid potty humor... This game exceeds your expectation on every level.I personally love how well this game runs, even on dated hardware.  I LOVE the photomode, which produces some AMAZING screenshots, that you simply cannot create in any other game.  With a few more options, this would be the TOP photomode available in any game EVER.Entertainment value... I have played the hell out of it, and feel like I have not even scratched the surface of the content.Hands down, the best game I have played this year, that I didn't also play last year."
,Recommended,324800,34908892,Posted: 12 September,all,Deygus,"I love Shadow Warrior! I feel it's more of a mix of duke nukem sense of humor with heavy gore from doom that plays it off very well in a fantastically bloody-fun way!The first one was absolutely thrilling, slicing and dicing your way through the missions and the second is an absolute improvement upon that especially visually way better and more open world! This makes it so much fun along with co-op!I hope to see more improvements to keep it going as well as a SW3 way further down the road at some point which I would gladly buy as well no doubts!"
76561198047214627,Recommended,324800,34912767,Posted: 12 September,all,neosporin 00,"REALLY loving this game so far. The fluid combat is gorgeous to watch unfold, and the gunplay/weapon handling is very fun as well; definitely an improvement over the last installment of the series. Movement is intuitive and very responsive.The visuals are awesome. I know it's kind of lame to some, but I think the way they made trees blowing in the wind look so natural is a big deal for me (and my ever-so-delicate immersion level). Overall the scenery is great, and the level design feels pretty good. Very fun to run around at break-neck speeds while vaulting 10 feet in the air to grab a ledge.The weapon detail is fantastic as well - they really went nuts with the graphics in this game. Highly reccommend, 8.5/10."
,Recommended,324800,34939709,Posted: 13 September,all,Mang0s,"This game continues to prove just like DOOM that there can still be some fun and replayable FPS games, not to mention it is surprisngly well optimised since I wasn't expecting to be able to run it max settings as well as it does."
,Recommended,324800,34175464,Posted: 11 August,all,Stormtrooper,It is a hard game. You just gotta wang it.
76561198072336683,Recommended,324800,34634008,Posted: 31 August,all,Gotham92,Well as for this game is better than the previous one. Unlike Shadow Warrior 1 this game has lots of resources than i imagine. I've never expected that it loses to DOOM(2016) but somehow the quality is same as this. Developer must have done some improvements over the previous one
76561198306367945,Recommended,324800,34620283,Posted: 30 August,all,MikeSpartan,PURELY AMAZING 👌👌
76561198053174698,Recommended,324800,34699022,Posted: 2 September,all,Eli,"I really enjoyed this game. Just a nice fun, comedy shooter with some interesting extra bits. It was nevver ging to be anyones ""game of the year"" or anything. But at the price point you can pick it up for these days of around ~$20 it's great value."
76561198090098385,Recommended,324800,34669218,Posted: 1 September,all,DENDI,"good DOOM-like game. If you like DOOM, you will like this one. I just don't care about what is happening and what is the story behind the characters. I just want to simply kill someone or something and see more blood. Well, I'd say the blood is not so enough in this game."
76561198041941717,Recommended,324800,34671569,Posted: 1 September,all,Fonggy,Got attacked by a lot of monsters.Accidently swang my sword 360 degree.Everyone died.11/10 would Wang again.
76561198160200636,Recommended,324800,34724235,Posted: 3 September,all,killersam325,"What a game! Slice and dice all the way through and decent story telling. But WTF was that ending?? Im so lost, but nonetheless, it was very fun to play!"
,Recommended,324800,34895778,Posted: 11 September,all,Elven Sailor,"Surprisely good.Rock-solid shooter with loot and meelee.  Like Borderlands 2, less hillarious, but more stylish."
,Recommended,324800,34940734,Posted: 13 September,all,theholygrayle,"Really good. Gameplay very similar to the first one with added options for weapon customization and usage, also DLCs are fun to play."
76561198330319067,Recommended,324800,34863167,Posted: 10 September,all,howards86,"awesome game, been waiting to play this for a while but I had to complete the previous one first for my own peace of mind. would definately recommend if you like crude humour blood and guts slashing shoot em up action"
,Recommended,324800,34854799,Posted: 9 September,all,BoxxKn1gh7,"This game is SUPER FUN even at 40 bucks. I can play this game for hours killing demons, mafia, and etc.. with all kinds of weapons. Its considered underrated but I don't care, I play games for fun. Buy it now you will not regret it"
76561197998859633,Recommended,324800,35357773,Posted: 30 September,all,aramaz,I admire the graphics very much and this game is beautiful.
,Recommended,324800,35384114,Posted: 1 October,all,The Commander,"Do you love Borderlands or games such as Serious Sam, if yes.Then this game will be right up your ally. Just buy it."
,Recommended,324800,35395389,Posted: 1 October,all,curmudgeon,"Its a bloody, shooty, comedic mess."
,Recommended,324800,35314571,Posted: 29 September,all,fox,Yes
,Recommended,324800,35273967,Posted: 28 September,all,NER0,"Underrateed game has great combat, weapons, and dialogue. The graphics are between good-great... so 7.5/10 overall I would give a 7.5/10"
76561198074018997,Recommended,324800,35304027,Posted: 29 September,all,Kurt Cocaine,"- Hilarious humor as usual,- A ridiculous amount of weapons,- Awesome loot, upgrades, skill points, better rewards depending on your difficulty,- Difficulty settings include Easy, Medium, Hard, Very Hard, then Insanity +1 - +10 Which is just briliant,- A lot of replayability, with Side Quests, Bounty Hunts, Labarinths, 4 Player CO-OP which adds a whole new game!I love this game, it reminds me of the insanity of DOOM, dashing and jumping through the sky, defeating hordes of demons, becoming a ridiculously powerful badass.The ONLY thing I wish they added, was a NG+ for the Main Story, other than that, it's great fun!"
,Recommended,324800,35431774,Posted: 2 October,all,OrpheusX,Freaking great. The randomly loot generation is not super interesting but the combat is awesome and the script has a good sense of humor.
76561198101980842,Recommended,324800,30623359,Posted: 19 March,all,mimigohan,borderlands
,Recommended,324800,35504601,Posted: 5 October,all,h2o,"The first SW had me hooked the second i started, this one i needed to go away and return to as it was quite overwhelming being bombarded with the amount of upgrades, purchases missions and choices compared to the first. I prefer the SW 1 story, but in terms of replay value this one takes it with the ability to carry playing the game again with all your upgrades and cash. just completed it and the ending was a little meh, but opens a door for a 3rd which i'll definatly get when it comes (hopefully) however i have every intention of giving this another play through since it offers great mindless fun with a rewarding upgrade system that makes you want to be godly. Highly reccomend it!!"
76561198258657068,Recommended,324800,35515413,Posted: 6 October,all,pahlajani000,"Would rate it about 7/10. Definitely enjoyed sw 2013 more than this one.Combat was very good & fast paced (played on normal difficulty, didn't have any troubles).Although the levels were more open, were actually very uninteresting & too similar to each other.Most of the game takes place in either the futuristic neon lit zilla city or very generic looking Outdoor areas.Didn't play any side quests as even the main missions sometimes felt like fetch quests, the story was ok compared to the first one which had a surprisingly serious tone to it.Decent game on it's own but disappointing as went in expecting more like the first game.The ''open'' levels, the game world littered with loot & meaningless side quests were not the kind of changes that Shadow Warrior needed."
