user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,325120,20228973,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Faudraline,"Memories are so vulnerable in the face of cruel reality. What is goodness? What is evil? What is love? What is hatred? Your world has become an inverted image in my dream...Notch - The Innocent LunA: Eclipsed SinnerSis a Chinese Visual Novel that tells the tales of broken forms, iron wills and unbearable truths. Through my many experiences with either emotional, philosophical or psychological narrations in visual novels, I've rarely felt thoroughly shaken until this one little tale of loss and misunderstanding...The narration opens up to a silent night as heavy rain washes the outline of a forest clean. A lone traveler moves within the darkness and attends his uncanny business, away from the spectators' eyes... By the arrival of the next scene, narration switches to first person, as we find ourselves in a rather dark and alien mansion. We stroll in the endless corridors in hopes of finding an exit, yet what we encounter would be beyond our most gruesome nightmares... Nightmares? ""Was this... a nightmare?"" Yuhito thinks as he wakes up, shaking in his bed. ""So real...""Our hero is Yuhito Asakawa who lives in a rather secluded little village in a forlorn little island, alongside his family and his friend/childhood crush Nanami Shio. For reasons unbeknownst to us, the village is somewhat forsaken and no one seems to even remember the names of the two governing families nowadays. There is an air of unnatural peace weaved with shadows of memories long gone. The eerie peace this little village harbors is about to be disrupted by a quite malicious occurrence, and Yuhito's silent, blank reality is about to be filled with both wonders and horrors as he dashes out on a rather hopeless quest.Notch - The Innocent LunA: Eclipsed SinnerSmost surely does not deliver your common expectancy from a visual novel. The story and character dynamics are rather brutal, gory and disturbing with detailed narrations most of the time with thematic implications of abuse, torture, abandonment, suicide and countless other traumas. Thus, if you are to pick this one on a drive, you should know what you are getting yourself into. Be ready for a cold hand reaching for your heart and a lump in your throat as you discover many happenstances of the past, the present and the future.My sole complaint is that the translation is quite direct during the idle conversations between characters, failing to present nuances and context, - especially during Yuhito and Nanami's early conversation - which usually ends up being either out of place or straight boring. But when it comes to environment descriptions or the telling of ongoing actions, the narration gets elevated to a completely new level of immersion. If you'd clench your teeth and see through the first two chapters of the game, you'll be glad that you went through with this one.The visuals - especially backgrounds - are wondrous alongside character animations. The soundtrack is quite good and underlines the mood of the narration any given time. Characters themselves are vivid and interesting thanks to brilliant storyline and tragic character backgrounds, even without any voice acting. If I were to be completely honest, the character development of the main hero, Yuhito stays subpar compared to other main characters of the story. He is somewhat of a one track minded simpleton, nothing remotely interesting. You keep playing to learn the story of other characters and admire the quite interesting yet creepy setting though.Notch - The Innocent LunA: Eclipsed Sinnersis a treat for the suckers of gore, drama and psychosis with 14 different endings, marvelous character dynamics and a story revelation that you sincerely wouldn't guess on your own. Fetch it alongside a box of tissues and possibly a pack of cigarettes. You are welcome!Please also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
76561198068097401,Not Recommended,325120,16957735,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,greenflynn,"I've reached the second chapter of this game and have played for 3 hours at the time of this review. There's a summary at the very bottom if you don't wanna read the whole thing.I bought this because the several reviews promised an engaging, interesting storyline complimented by a colourful cast. I was warned the English was shaky, with translation awkwardness riddling the script. But I can manage the occasional awkward English, so long as the story was strong and the characters interesting.And guess what? They aren't.The story is good initially, I'll admit. It immediately kicks off and you're pulled into the world. Directly after the prologue comes the scenes introducing us to the main character, a frightening dream-sequence that raises hundreds of questions.But then the actual game starts, and you're staggered by how throuoghly moronic the protagonist is. The plot couldn't advance if he wasn't such an idiot. Also, he's not likeable at all - he's openly sexist and talks to his childhood friend, Nanami Shio, like she's 10 years old. He refuses to explain anything to her because he doesn't want to upset her, completely ignoring the fact that by withholding important information, he was setting her up for a tramatic experience. He doesn't talk, think or react like a real human being.Spoiler: after finding a mutilated body, he's briefly afraid, but calms down and begins to think of it as a crime scene. Suddenly, he's not disturbed, or even vaguely upset, by the violently murdered human being lying in front of him - just embarrassed that he freaked out. I thought, maybe, he was emotionally withdrawing, as people sometimes do when confronted with something so horrible, but nope! He's fine, guys. / End SpoilerHe makes the whole experience less believeable and frustrating.Nanami Shio is the only other character I've met thus far (aside from a girl in a maid outfit, but she appeared very briefly before vanishing). The protag talks to her like she's 10 - and she sort of acts like it, too. She's obsessed with plants and flowers, is constantly expressing worry over the protag, and easily cries. This in itself isn't bad - there are women like Nanami, and there's nothing wrong with them. There's nothing wrong with an emotional, naive female character. The problem is that she isn't treated respectfully by the protag, who is constantly reminding the audience how lovely she is, even after a tramatic dream where he saw dead people, and Nanami covered in blood. Literally, that's the first thing he thinks after waking from a dream where Nanami is pertified and bloody - she's so lovely. He treats her like a child who can't handle bad news, infantilizing her in the same breath he uses to scold himself for sexualising her.It doesn't help the translation is utterly terrible. They translated the Japanese so literally, the characters sound like robots. When I say that, I don't mean to imply the Japanese language lacks emotion, but what flows properly in Japanese sounds awkward, jerky and needlessly repetitive in English because of how different the languages are. Characters often repeat themselves like they're trying to up the word count on an essay. It's annoying to read.The game's saving grace is its art - although the characters are very ""anime"", which I'm fine with, but might disturb some people - and its animations, which thus far are all good. Its music is average, setting the mood but adding nothing in my opinion.I'd recommend not buying this - unless the translation is redone so it's flows and the characters stop sounding robotic. I think the reason the protag feels so stupid and heartless, and  the reason that Nanami sounds like a woman-child, is because of the bad translations.tl;dr: While the story is good, the game suffers from idiot characters and terrible translations that are awkward and jerky. The main character is a sexist moron who doesn't act like a human being with emotions. Don't bother with it."
,Recommended,325120,27328812,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ｍrs..Ăмän∂ä.Gone 10 days,really good read If you havent read it you should. I really enjoyed it and highly recommend this game to all that like visual noval's and or anime.
,Recommended,325120,26258919,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Atos,"Nice artwork, amazing storyI love this visual novel.9/10"
,Recommended,325120,32002467,Posted: 27 May,all,Valorian Endymion,"This is amazing visual novel, without trying to spoil anything, it can feel like Higurashi, but it take it own directions and path, making the story unfold in surprising ways, the branching however, is a bit confusing, easy to get yourself locked in path, unsure which decision did trigger it. But save for that, the story, music, art and character are more than worth."
76561198042864202,Recommended,325120,33334767,Posted: 6 July,all,Materia User,"Another nice little horror VN, Reminds me of some kind of odd mix of Higurashi with the murder mystery element and Sound of Drop with the ""alternate horror reality""Characters all start and end with different personalities, the killer's identity was difficult to figure out, and one particular moment in this gave me one hell of a creeped out feeling. I can also say one particular story really tore me up emotionally; on one hand I hated this guy, and on the other hand... I couldn't. Hell I still don't know how to feel about it.If you like horror vn's this will be right up your alley.If I had to mention cons:A lot of characters stories are never fleshed out more fully, but considering how many characters there are and how well written the ones we got were, this is a minor complaint imo.Not epic quality in terms of art, but that never really bothered me much personally."
76561198000896253,Not Recommended,325120,25924855,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,RobOda,"Visual novels can be good, and Notch has some very interesting ideas to play around with. But, where it falls flat is in two key areas:1. The translation is awful. It is pretty much a literal translation, rather than a sensibly localised translation. The result is, in a language which can repeat itself thrice over to show 'context', all that happens is a sentence will be repeated thrice over in English in the exact same way.Conversations often go like this:""How are you""""I am fine.""""But how are you?""""I am totes fine!""""You're fine? Awesome, so how are you.""""Are you serious? I'm fine""""Great, so how are you again?""""This is really wearing thin, but I suppose in Chinese I'm probably asking you how you're feeling mentally or physically but for some reason the English translation just went 'eh screw it, he's saying how are you' so I'm gonna ask once more, ""how are you?""""I'm probably answering in a more detailed method in Chinese, but the English translators are phoning it in and telling me to say ""I'm fine"" when really, I have a dagger up my♥♥♥♥♥♥about this sort of thing and it really hurts but eh that's life. So I'm fine.""The result is a visual novel that drags on, for almost eternity. Conversations loop, events have an uncanny sense of 'deja vu', and the game takes forever to get to the bloody point. You really need to have a strong attention span to get through the story, and as I said, the story has some fantastic elements, that would probably be mind-blowing, if the translation wasn't an botch job.2. The game features far too many chapters that completely bypasses the player in order to tell its own story.This isn't a massive issue, as it can be useful to set up say, a plot hook or event leading into the player's future choices. But invariably what happens is the game presents two or three unnecessarily verbose stories, that have nothing to do with the player, and ties in very superficially until end-game. That's quite off putting, causes the game to drag even more, doubly so with the horrendous translation job.Those two issues alone would hurt any game, but in this one, where the game relies on its story, it absolutely kills it, stone dead.Those aren't the only flaws either, the game is determined to hammer its own nails in its own coffin. There are some, maybe cultural-clashes that can happen. For example, the reader is meant to believe whole-heartedly that a man who stabs his girlfriend every day with a machete, actually, genuinely loves her, and this woman would happily, and unironically, jump onto a sword daily in order to serve this man, in the name of LOVE! Seriously? For most western-gamers it's going to be a 'holy hell, this is beyond reprehensible behaviour', I mean we're talking beyond GBH with intent here, and she's not even getting off on it like a kink or anything, she just does it for the LOVE! >_< (Oh, and this is part of the story that the player has zero control over, and is sat on the sidelines as several chapters get dedicated to, like some edgy goth-emo, suicide fan-fic from tumblr somehow won a writing contract... and that's just insulting to genuine goth-emo's.)That said, the music is great, and there is a good plot somewhere, in that horrendous translation, but worth the purchase price? Absolutely not. Don't bother, get it on sale if you must, but.. Jeez, it's a train wreck."
,Recommended,325120,29402443,Posted: 21 January,all,Aria Theo,"The art is a bit all over the place, but a unique, intriguing story and plenty of content make this VN worth a buy."
76561198004370207,Recommended,325120,30695858,Posted: 23 March,all,ciber_man,"The best VN i played so far (have played only *FEW* of them). Small warning: be prepaired for horror and/or blood scenes, i usually dont like to be afraid, but for this game it was worth it."
,Recommended,325120,33594574,Posted: 16 July,all,Reimu☆rena~,"Graphics: 8.5/10The scenery visuals are a little inconsistent in some parts which prevents it from scoring any higher, but the characters and other designs were nicely drawn.Storyline: 10/10The main highlights are the 3 amazing backstories of Hisashi, Rika and Arazaki. Those stories are what sets this VN apart to other VNs out there. They also link up beautifully with the main story that I won’t mention due to spoilers. Bear in mind that the pacing is slow and it takes several chapters to get the “answers”, but that is a given since this is a mystery novel. Catching the killer is hard and it may not be who you think it is.Sound: 8.5/10The soundtrack is top notch (no pun intended). Yes, it’s a hit or miss in some situations. But once you hear a great track that perfectly matches the scene, you won’t easily forget it. That being said there are still some that sound too ‘over-the-top’ in some scenes.Gameplay: 7.5/10There are a few issues which include black bars along the sides when playing at full screen, screen tearing when the screen shakes (in some situations), the sound settings doesn’t save at start-up (meaning you have to re-adjust it whenever you play) and you cannot adjust the any of the sounds whilst in-game. But once you are all set, the game doesn’t lag or crash which is a good upside. It also AutoSaves after every chapter (Except for chapter 9 and 10).Price: 10/10It’s definitely worth the £6.99 price tag. The gameplay does have its issues. The story, visuals and soundtracks are on-point. This is highly recommended for those who are interested in mystery and horror."
,Recommended,325120,22611058,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Kitsumi03,"I bought this game thinking that it was just a mystery-horror VN but it wasn’t what I was expecting as it delves at the mystery-horror of human capability. How some or sometimes even one past experience can be the driving force that dictates our future and makes us blinded by the truth. Sometimes we know the truth, rarely do we accept it, and it is often that we dismiss it for fear of being hurt.Human emotions are curious things, as two people can have similar experiences but their perception of the world can be starkly different. Revenge can be seen in two different ways.1.	You’ve taken everything away from me; I have nothing left, what’s left to lose?2.	An eye for an eye makes everyone blind.With Notch, I wasn’t expecting to be brought to tears due to one particular character, Rika, her back-story and one other particular part of her story. I won’t go into any detail, as I don’t want to spoil it for people.This is one of the very few VN’s were I was overcome with so many different emotions, which pleasantly surprised me, as man’s heart can be full of darkness yet a light still burns.On a side note, I found that the game didn’t auto save, I only realised this after playing 4 hours and when I went to continue there was no save file. The ‘Escape’ button opens the menu for the game that allows you to manually save, also I found that the ‘control’ button was a life saver, it skips the text that I have read, so I can continue with different routes without getting bored of re-reading the same thing."
,Recommended,325120,22563178,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,m a j i ♡,"Notch - The Innocent LunA: Eclipsed SinnerSis one of those unique visual novels you only come across every once in a blue moon. Thought evoking and story rich, this made for a very good read. I completed it in two 8hr sessions (yes, it was that addicting!), and that was only for my first playthrough.The protagonist, Yuhito Asakawa, and his childhood sweetheart, Nanami Shio, reside in a remote town that has been long forgotten by the rest of the world. We first meet Yuhito and his beloved in a dream realm of horror, already hoping that the two lovebirds will find a way to escape the nightmare unharmed. And if Yuhito thought that was bad enough, his reality was about to get much worse. His once peaceful little town had been painted red by an elusive murderer, where the victims were all young girls. It is then that he decides to embark on this difficult journey to catch the killer and bring them to justice. Along the way, he'll make some interesting friends, struggle with reality and illusions, and grow braver and more determined with each step he takes.^That's just my little summary - short, sweet, and to the point, without spoiling too much of the story. Seriously, it took me 16hrs to complete one playthrough. ONE! And there are 14 different endings! So trust me, there is SO MUCH MORE to this story than what you'll find in the reviews (unless you're looking for spoilers). Bottom line is, if you're considering this vn, then do yourself a favor and add it to your collection. You won't regret it! :)***Also, the narration can be pretty gorey at times, so just be aware of that in case that's not your cup o' tea.Helpful Tip:If you want to go through all of the endings, press [F] to skip all of the text you've already read. That button will be your new best friend ;)"
,Not Recommended,325120,25009663,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Bleak,"Bad translations really ruined this game for me.Tried to get into the story, but right from the beginning, it was just a chore to read. The wording was just awful and really obliterated any hope of forming an attachment to the characters.A real shame too, the story seemed intriguing but the execution was poor."
,Recommended,325120,20402937,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,UndyingRevenant,"Very bittersweet story, many different choices that can lead you to multiple endings, very good soundtrack, and animation that really absorbs you into the character.  10 notches out of 10."
,Recommended,325120,16342438,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Ikon Leader Aranescent,"Absolutely amazing game. I've been playing this all day. However, it's freaking hard to get all the endings, and I haven't met anyone that's gotten the true ending(s) yet. But, after I got ""bad"" ending #5, I felt content enough to stop for the day."
,Recommended,325120,20855731,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Tesan,"Splendid. It's not flawless and maybe one could get more out of this... but nevertheless, It's a good story that may be inspired by Orpheus as a root... and then added with mystery, magic, tragedy...  It also has some sexual jokes, but it's like 2 or 3... and very mild (can be misunderstood... but I say: mild).To talk more about the content itself: Some pictures are well drawn, others not so. There are only 2 possible choices... which are pretty much like ""Yes/No"" ""White/Black"", no mid-terms... and you can expect that from something like ""every day life"" from the persent to be thrown into supernatural stuff.  I'm sure that this is a low-cost production, and for what it is, it's great.I still haven't gotten the ""good end"", I ended up looking for guides to see what I did wrong... only that. The game uses something like a relation points system... how much you favour a character. I had the first few bad ends because I was ""too nice"" to someone I shouldn't have been to... very strict on that one. (I'm not going to follow a guide to get the good end, If I want to have no choice at all I'd just watch some mindless gameplay)I recommend you not to play this game while being sleepy... you should focus and remain watchful, you may miss something important if you don't and you will be punished in the end if you do. Happens in any game actually... so just take a rest if you're sleepy, games aren't meant to ""calm down"" or ""relax"" from big stress."
,Recommended,325120,33368298,Posted: 8 July,all,KirinaYT,I love this game. It's very emotional and the characters are good. I played it 18 hours.This game isn't easy. I had to play it from the beginning because of one Mystake.I have to Apogolise because my English is not that good.
,Recommended,325120,16563413,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,∮Ñ ๑ î r ∈ ♫,"Notch - The Innocent LunA: Eclipsed SinnerS is a dark and tragic visual novel. The protagonist faced a lot of challenges in order to save nanami. At the beginning of the story, everything seemed to be fine, until the protagonist discovered a dead girl in the forest while Nanami was being attacked by a man in black. At the same night, Nanami was found in a playground with a body covered by blood, at the same time as you arrived, a girl with green hair came and took Nanami away. And from this moment, you wouldl do your best to save Nanami, until the end.....Unlike many other visual novels, this one is really moving, it is also by far the VN with most endings among all the VNs that I've played so far. Which consists of 14 endings. With more than 50 soundtracks and CGs, and a duration of 10 hours in average for a single playthrough, I have to say that for the readers who are tracing sad and dark story, this VN is an absolutely must-buy game, it is one of the best visual novels that I've played so far, I just love every part of this game~.Positive remarks+multi-endings+graphics well designed+SOUNDTRACKS+CGs+very different from other visual novels, this VN is very, very tragic and dark+killings and horror content ( or negative )+extra CGs+additional knowledge on the space and timeNegative remarks+-killlings and some horror content ( or positive )-a little translation problems"
76561198022343647,Recommended,325120,34109339,Posted: 8 August,all,Eminem2,"""Conflicted"" is a mild way to describe the bubbling cauldron full of mixed feelings this game left me with, after one full playthrough wich lasted 8 hours. The initial review I wrote on Steam mostly focused on the disappointment I felt. After I spent another 10+ hours on this game, I did notice some more praiseworthy aspects of the game that had not been featured (much) during the first playthrough. So I re-wrote part of this review to reflect the new experiences as well.I will avoid spoilers and keep a discussion of this game's themes general.StructureThe game consists of two parts, rather pompously titled the ""Alpha"" and the ""Omega"" stories. At quite a few points during both parts of the story the player is asked about his (or her, although the main character is always a guy) attitude or state of mind regarding certain characters or events. And in the Omega story, the choices the player makes will have consequences. Although there are also some more regular choices, such as if you want to explore further in a certain direction or not. But the choices that seemed to inquire after the player's attitudes towards something were more frequent, at least in my mind. And that is my first gripe with this game: how can your attitude or state of mind about what you encounter in the game be ""wrong""? I simply answered honestly every time the game asked me how I felt about something, and this led me to a Bad Ending that could have been accompanied by an achievement titled ""Too Stupid To Live"" judging by the dressing down the main character got at the end. After more playthroughs (and reading through the excellent guides provided in the community hub), I realized that there is no way for the player to solve the mystery on their own. The player always fails the investigation and always gets a dressing down for it...""Elementary, my dear Watson""During the deduction show that is provided in part II, all the so-called ""clues"" that the player should have noticed during part I are pointed out. Unfortunately, just about all of these clues barely qualify as circumstantial evidence, let alone as hard evidence that proves anyone's guilt beyond a reasonable doubt. The person revealing the clues tries to undercut this criticism by saying that these aren't the sort of clues that you would encounter in a detective novel, because real life isn't like that. Perhaps not, but neither would these ""clues"" be enough to convict anyone in real life. They might not even be sufficient to warrant further questioning at the police station (not that there are any police in this game, which is another dubious point that the player is expected to swallow).ThemesThis game seems to have a hard time deciding just what its theme is supposed to be. At first, much emphasis is placed on the fact that the town's glory days are over and how decay has set in. The player character is rather bitter about his chances on the island and his remarks on the subject distress his longtime love interest.Then, the game veers off sharply towards the slasher genre with several gruesome murders being depicted and some more horrors being faced in dreams. Oddly, some rather lustful choices are provided in the game, that resonate rather oddly with the heavy themes of serial murder and tragic love.Next, things get more philosophical when the game asks questions about the nature of reality and each individual's personal version thereof. As if that wasn't enough, some intertwined dark love stories follow that seem to be inspired by the classic 19th century novel ""Wuthering Heights"". And eventually the game reveals itself to primarily have been a detective game with the player either succeeding or failing based on how much (s)he has managed to figure out. Not exactly ""L.A. Noire"", but it certainly tries to take some pages from the same book. With so many different themes, this game doesn't really manage to do any of them very well (although some of the love stories certainly stand out). As a result, fans of most of these genres will probably feel this game leaves a lot to be desired. As do I.To V-N or not to V-N?Since this game contains quite a few choices-with-consequences, it is technically not purely a Visual Novel, but an adventure game. The problem is that much of the content (especially in the middle of the game) has very few (if any) choices and feels like a pure Visual Novel for quite a while. So much so, that I found it hard to escape the impression that this ""game"" started out as nothing more than a Visual Novel, until someone decided that there really needed to be a player character who is more than a mere spectator. The result is a rather curious hybrid adventure / visual novel, of which large parts cannot be influenced by the player in any way (since the player character often isn't even present during these parts). Since the visual novel parts are quite compelling, sitting through them doesn't feel like a chore at all. Once or twice, that is. Unfortunately, this game sports 14 different endings. So even if you decide to stick to the game guide after your first playthrough, that means that you will have to sit through the Visual Novel quite a few times. And even when using the maximum possible speed (by selecting ""Skip to Next Item"" from the dropdown menu), it still takes quite a while to replay the game. Even when only altering a few choices.Things worthy of applauseThere is also plenty worthy of praise in this game, such as:- the nice artwork for surroundings and chase scenes. Although it's nothing fancy, it's nice to look at;- the music starts out a little hit-and-miss (with an occasional synthesizer tune that feels like it belongs in a futuristic game like those in the Mass Effect series), but improves a lot as the game progresses. Towards the climax there are even a few songs that are actually quite nice;- the story is quite complex and deep, although it relies a bit too much on extremely violent twists. Not that all of the violence is senseless. Some of it is quite understandable.Various more critical remarks- An island that does not belong to any country and does not have any sort of government or law enforcement. Seriously?- An underage boy explores an enormous forest (it takes a whole day to walk from one end to the other) in search of a serial killer, but no one from civilization comes after him, not even his parents?- The player character is expected to know when other murders have taken place in the forest, which given its enormous size is patently absurd.- Since the player can never really be sure whether his surroundings (and the people he meets) are real or not, it's a little odd to expect the player to sift out clues from the odd mixture of real and unreal things and people he encounters.The VerdictAlthough some of the characters were sufficiently appealing to make me wonder where the other routes might have led, this game simply tries to fit into too many categories to truly succeed in any of them. That being said, this game has no shortage of potential saving graces, such as the deep story, nice music and pleasing secondary art. However, if you're not into gory dark love stories with supernatural elements and some sleuthing thrown in, then this may simply not be the game for you.Over-all, 3 out of 5 stars seems a fair score, factoring in the modest asking price. Still, seeing as this was written and programmed by one single person, it's hard not to be impressed by how much is done right. That's one reason why I changed my initial thumbs  down to a thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,325120,19450565,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,CB007,"This game had a lot of potential, but in the end it just doesn't quite work. Too much of the story revolves around the hero's girlfriend who we never get to know or become attached to. There are some interesting side characters, but many of them are also somewhat lacking.The most interesting aspect of the game to me was the brutal darkness of some parts of the story, particularly the endings. Nightmare scenarious of eternal suffering are everywhere, and even if you go for the good endings, well... I'll leave that for you to discover.Expect to put many hours in to unlock all achievements and see all endings, even with a guide. And you should use a guide, because except for the endings themselves, the choices change almost nothing in the story.Even with text skipping on, getting through to the ending is torturously tedious by the 12th time you've done so. Artwork wise, the game is a mixed bag, some scenes are very mediocre while others are much more detailed. The same goes for the quality of the translation, which ranges from competent to bizarre. If, like me, you must play almost every VN released on Steam, go for it. Otherwise, pass."
76561198064205225,Recommended,325120,22768364,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Mordekaiser,"This game made me cry!sniff, sniffI believe Franky will approve this game.Tissues required!Update: Buy this game at your own risk, WHY?!I still feel sad about the fictional characters, WHY!!!"
76561198155649595,Recommended,325120,19907042,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,BraveSong,不可多得的好游戏啊0v0
76561198254923900,Recommended,325120,19722221,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Kyo Uzuki,a must buy it us like i was reading tokyo ghoul and watching the pain of kenkei ken. or was read heavens feel from fate. it is dark sad and give you the feels. it was worth the buy i say buy it on sale or full price it is worth your money.
,Recommended,325120,32607875,Posted: 20 June,all,YuJia,"The game that was found in a certain pair of jins, because a few CG really like to start.Although it is beginning to be true that the voice of the voice is really bad, there must be a pity for the poor. The person who likes to kill himself kills his closest relative, and the despair of his own inability to resist is well understood. After all, this is the time of the phonologist's fault, not the voice of the people at the time. The reception is white. It's really great to have two people together.The tragedy of the deep moon is also. I took care of my brother's sister for twelve years. It was the elder brother's uninformed aversion. The regret and pain that the elder brother knew after the truth was deeply touched. It is not unacceptable to try to revive her sister. His sister was not forgiven for not forgiving him. It is also worthy of sympathy.The plot is fascinating. Well, that's it.After all, it's the old game. But some CG is really beautiful!And there's too much BAD END! Can you imagine me playing the 6 BAD END times in the afternoon? How exciting the ending no. 1 is after six BAD ends.Music is great. Seriously, I have the feeling that music is the noumenon. OST is well worth starting with."
76561198174619255,Recommended,325120,16760620,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Kara L Burnett,"so far loveing the graphics and the story line.  I will admit there is a lot of talking, and the story line build's an intence atmosphire.   THe art work  is very lovely, and the Horor of the story, keeps you going back for more.    very well done, and the music is nice as well."
,Recommended,325120,21007412,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,*^SaoSin^*,Main Protagonist is complete idiot... everything else is excellent for setting up a murdering mystery simillar to Higurashi. Dreams and nightmares slightly becomes one or is it just my imagination? Tense game overall and hard in terms of achieving good end... soo choose wisely.
76561198352488645,Recommended,325120,33771025,Posted: 24 July,all,Natsume Mikan,Excellent Game with Great Music. 10/10
76561197997615979,Recommended,325120,23485942,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Yowise,"Story is really Amazing. For story i can easly say i recommended it!The story just catch me in game on ♥♥♥♥♥ 2 day's but there is 2 things what i don't like here.1. Story is too much linear. Whatever you choose you are getting EXACLY the same Text [ even if game have a lot of possible chooses it just count points from it and choose for you 2 routes at LAST chapter or one of bad endings.So if you will fked up just 1 choose at beginning game be ready to repeat all ♥♥♥♥♥ game :>2. Game is missing a some options to skip text or like skip some parts like big text or changing chapter.( skipping all story took me like all ♥♥♥♥♥ hour bcs of that )So if you don't care about linear route with chooises what don't change anything only the ending of story then i fully recommended that game ,bcs the story of it is worth that money and time to spend at that game :)"
,Recommended,325120,18372282,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,.Go Gears LINE @GOGEARS,How to unlock all character i still dont know !!
,Recommended,325120,18495516,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Lyonesse,A gorgeous Visual Novel with deep developed characters and 14 different endings (some of them are just sooooooo hard to get!) that are all needed for the player full comprehension of the story. Get yourself ready to cry a lot.
76561198300297476,Not Recommended,325120,24639479,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,ThreeLeggedFeline,"I bought this game because I like visual novels and it had a lot of good reviews praising the story and characters. I am now really confused...because those are the two things which made this a really weak experience for me.The plot jumps about seemingly at random, there is little apparent structure as characters move back and forth from house to house, dreamworld to reality at the drop of a hat. The characters, of which there are many, are all rather dull and flat. I didn't care about any of them, they just didn't feel like actual people. Characters like Nanami are pretty much just props, a goal for the male protagonist to aim for. The rest of the female characters are basically defined by their love interests, while the males are likewise one-sided. Hisashi has hiswhiny quest for revenge, the protagonist has his search for the killer/Nanami, Tetsuya hashis sister. It's like the characters are all designed around one concept, or one role, and haven't been fleshed out beyond that.The protagonist storms about like a shoddily-written Hamlet, alternating between being generally inept and violent (although one of the bad endings does sort of address this?). Characters talk in circles, with conversations lasting twice as long they need to. Characters talk about their backstories for no apparent reason, with people who arguably should know already know these things - the exposition is always clumsy.The world is not convincing. No police force? Really...The protagonist doesn't know the names of the two supposedly ruling families? I would have been able to deal with the police force thing if it hadn't only been mentioned when the protagonist came to the point where any normal person would call the police. You can't blame everything on the translation, although that is also clunky and awkward.My dislike of the writing aside, there were some good plot points and I liked the general darkness of it - though the game frequently veered into melodrama and a childish effort to be 'the most brutal' and 'the most tragic'. There's something very teenage about it all, particularly the approach to violence and love. There is potential, but its buried deep.The art is very inconsistent. I see a large numbers of artists worked on the game. Individually all their art is good, but together is makes the game look like a patchwork of art, with varying styles and levels of detail. It was particularly jarring to see two sprites of different style on screen at once, for example Reiae and Saki. Some backgrounds are drawn, others a re photographs - one scene apparently takes place in a grocery store, but the background photo looks to be from a shoe store.The music redeems the game a little. Theres a nice variety, so instead of just one song being used over and over for the important moments the soundtrack is a little more tailored to each moment of the game.The game is long, so there's a lot of content for your money.I really didn't like this game. I'm sorry. I wanted to like it, but the writing just didn't do it for me."
,Recommended,325120,18665677,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,AurenNorizawa,"A visual novel that, at its core, is a story of love, with blood, mystery, and illusions not far behind.I'll start off with the negatives, since I am such a terrible and harsh critic:-There is an excessive amount of 'sorry.' Nearly every person says sorry at least once. Oh, sorry, that was sort of a spoiler. Sorry about that.-Two soundtracks didn't feel like they fit in at all. With mostly calm, or tense, or quiet tracks, these two were a surprise-Dialogue: At times it was repetitive and made it feel like the conversation wasn't advancing. This is especially noticeable during arguments. Because of this, the characters suffer a bit; sometimes they aren't convincing, or just feel 'off'Positives (notice lack of detail compared to negatives)+Sad and happy. If I say too much I might spoil stuff. (I've done that before accidentally, IRL with a friend. They weren't happy)+Good music (except two of them)+Wonderful art, beautiful backgrounds. Some scenes reminded me of a hand-drawn painting, and I really liked that+Good for staying up late and then not being able to sleep laterI might not know what I'm talking about at all. I'm still new at reviewing things. And stories. But if you enjoy VNs, this is a nice one to add to your library"
76561198121591778,Recommended,325120,17759989,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Aegis,"I haven't read many visual novels, so my review may be a bit off. I've read Narcissus (An extremely good read), as well as Love at First Sight (A good but short read), and I have to say Notch falls a bit short in quality, but makes up for it by pure quantity and length. This is, in my opinion, a slightly longer read than I'm used to, and the writing is... mediocre. The story is decent with some twists and turns you may not expect. Anyway, time to make a easy list of pros and cons to look at:Pros:-A ton a dialogue for those who can't get enough of hearing what the characters have to say about anything-Blood and gore for those into the horror genre-Multiple endings meaning you have to be (very) careful about the choices you make for the protagonist-A lengthy read to keep you occupied for the long weekends, or whenever you're bored xDCons:-Somewhat repetative dialogue. I find that sometimes the characters talk a bit too much, especially during situations where something important is about to happen. This is just my oppinion though.-Dialogue is rather simple, and the narrator is absent most of the time. I would prefer more descriptive writing, but this is just my preference.-Difficult to get a good ending. You may end up near the end of the of the story but finding yourself reaching a ""bad ending"" because of a decision you made very early on, forcing you to start over from the beginning multiple times. If you have the patience to do this, then it's not so bad, but I found it fustrating and had to look up a guide to finally find a proper ending.Overall 7/10. I still recommend this. I would have enjoyed this more if I didn't have to restart multiple times to find a good ending. Luckily I found out that holding down ctrl speeds up the process ;)"
,Recommended,325120,19906865,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,鴛鴦,The protagonist is so poorly written that it's good.
,Recommended,325120,22448296,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Circumpolarity,"I'm near the end of the gamegot interested and become too ""friendly"" with a Girl-AGirl-B got jealous of our ""relationship"" because her crush just died recentlythen Girl-B killed meGirl-A cried over my dead body-Bad Ending-NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOand after looking for guides...........Girl-A doesn't have an ""Ending""......NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOw-what a way to hurt my feelings :(. . .There's no such thing as ""Good/Happy Ending"" on this VN (at least for me)which makes me likes this VN for some reason"
76561198071097009,Recommended,325120,22720712,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Neko Silviu,"I don't think I've ever played a more bittersweat visual novel than this up until this point..And I played quite a few, I'm a very big fan of visual novels.The story is very interesting and so are the characters.The soundtrack is beautiful , I keep listening to it again and again.The art is also well done. (some people may complain about it but to be honest I think they are just playing the ""Critic"" )There are 3 main diferent endings  , and about 12-14 bad endings where you die. (yeah , good luck with that , lol )PS: prepare some tissues for the feels."
76561198018095531,Recommended,325120,18563047,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,RIP Will Song,Why do I keep making girls cry???
,Recommended,325120,20241628,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Weathermaker,"Recommended  as Quality Software & Story Product, and money value.This is a very LONG Visual Novel (and im a scan reader, so there). Expect a lot of BAD Ends. I think you need the Bad Ends to unlock the Supposed Good Ends.This game has a definate point of view (saying more would be a spoiler), which I disagree with. The ENDING are not really my cup of tea.  After putzing though this a couple times to get a better ending you will need the Walkthrough (which I never recommend on a first play through). This is very violent (sexual abuse is suggested) and not suitable for kiddies and maybe younger teens. While not explicit, you will feel very bad for the hell the characters went through (the maid, the goddess, green hair girl, your childhood friend, etc). Unless you are an unfeeling cad with no pathos (more power to ya). Still RECOMMEND"
76561198200469727,Recommended,325120,16661905,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Anime BOZZZZZZZ,good game
76561198352522853,Recommended,325120,32804397,Posted: 26 June,all,Shlirka,"Pretty good game, so far I'm loving it."
,Recommended,325120,22852105,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Serial Box,I think im going to see it
76561197979402731,Recommended,325120,16406596,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Zatio,"20 hours and some help on the forum and i am finally done with this game, boy was it asad one.This game has zero good endings, but there are some endings you might considerkinda good even tho its a bad ending.I did not like the game much, i prefer romance based VN but this game has a great atmosphertho the story is a bit shaky its not bad.Defintly a time killer as you try to reach nanami and explorethe 13 endings of witch i only miss one of.As for the characters i got to say i loved them all, even the bad guys, and the music is pretty good.All in all even tho its not my typical VN i would recommend this game for any one mature enough togo through the cold hearted story several times."
,Not Recommended,325120,19258610,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,TheVulpineHero1,"In videogames, there are good translations, bad translations, and horrible translations. Good translations capture the soul of the story as well as the raw meaning of the words; horrible translations at least stand a chance of being funny or charming for their onvious badness. Bad translations capture the meaning, and only that -- all the depth, all the charm, and every single drop of subtext get sacrificed on the altar of ""makes sense gramatically, that's good enough.""Notch - The Innocent LunA is an object lesson in why even if you get the words in the right order and they're all spelt correctly, It doesn't mean you have a good translation. I could discuss the plot, but the plot doesn't matter because it's extremely hard to care about what happens to the characters. It's extremely hard to care about the characters because they don't have a single shred of personality between them, and the reason they have no personality is because every single line of the VN is written in the baldest, most simplistic style that still passes for English.""Well,"" one might say, ""even if we can't rely on the style of the text to make our characters likeable, what about their actions?"" Well, the main character spends a good portion of the story being a condescending, sexist jerk without even realising it; then bad things start to happen, which prompts him to intentionally be a condescending, sexist jerk. The initial female lead is less of a character and more of an object/motivation. Random characters pop in and out of the story to do a little murdering; most remained unnamed and uninteresting for many acts.Actually, I take back what I said about not talking about the plot. Even accepting that the poor translation might be stealing a lot of the thunder, the plot feels very shaky. The story is very dedicated to trying to be mysterious and not explaining anything for as long as possible; the problem is that it keeps doing for this so long that you don't care by the time things start to be revealed. A lot of the backbone of the work rests on the supernatural, and imho, this is what suffers most from the artificial mystery. Oftentimes, the story will explain its most recent plot twist with some kind of supernatural occurence, without explaining anything further; it feels contrived, like a bad fanfic.What is there other than the poor translation? The artwork is honestly fairly mediocre. The special effects that the game occasionally uses are a nice touch visually, but there's not really any striking beauty here. It's anime characters against forgettable backgrounds. While there's certainly nothing wrong with an anime artstyle, it's definitely no better than any other VN with anime artstyle out there, and worse than a few I could name. The soundtrack suits the mood most of the time, but there aren't really any standout pieces that I would want to listen to outside of the scenes they appear in.In summary: this game's main problem is that the ""visual"" element of its visual novel structure is nowhere near good enough to compensate for the sub-par novel part. In a genre that relies so much on the written element of the work, there is no reason any English-speaking consumer should accept a translation like this. Maybe, in its original language, this is a powerful and thrilling story; in this language, it isn't. Buy only if you want to support more Japanese visual novels making their way to the steam platform, and even then, I'd recommend looking for alternative studios with better translations so you can encourage quality at the same time."
76561198060170343,Not Recommended,325120,17466624,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Beaker Katt,"I didn't realize that shaky translation meant redundant dialogue, superflurous descriptions and downright tedious ""plot"" movement to the point of pain.Either the characters  want to make sure they get their point across for every little thing ""have a good rest"" ""sure"" ""have a good rest at home"" ""okay"" ""see you later and have a good rest"" ""no problem"" or they forget everything the minute it comes out of their mouths.The second scene has the character talking about there being blood everywhere, smelling blood, seeing blood, hearing someone being murdered by cold instruments (as opposed to warm?), for screen after screen of text, then going into a room and going ""oh my gosh, theres blood in here. I'm going to be sick"". Ugh, the MC wasn't the only one.I just can't get past it.If you're a glance reader who doesn't care about consistancy, grammar, or what the text says and mostly just look at the pictures, then maybe its for you.Otherwise save your money and you can see all the images posted by Chudah without paying for the game."
,Not Recommended,325120,25041719,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Daisicle,"This game is clearly a knock-off of the Higurashi series, what with the series of strange murders including dismemberment and the like. Unfortunately, it is so poorly written and the charecters so one-dimensional and irrational that I have found myself having to put it down multiple times out of boredom. I've yet to even complete one route fully, and I honestly don't know if I'll be able to with out bad it is.Has some decent artwork and music, but that cannot make up for a lacking story.Not even worth the discounted $5 I paid for it."
76561197995105285,Not Recommended,325120,23266655,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,non.horation,"I haven't finished this VN yet (I'm on Chapter 8) but the romantic subplotwith the demon and the messed-up torturer guyis so ridiculous that I can't imagine that there's any way this game can redeem itself enough to convince me to recommend it to others. And honestly at this point I could have put any one of the romantic subplots I have thus encountered under that spoiler and my reaction would be the same. Everyone is ""in love"" with people they hate (or at least that theyshouldhate,Rika's entire plotline is second on the unbelievable romances list) and no one has a real personality.The art is nice enough though."
76561198196704053,Not Recommended,325120,16719770,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,falleen,"I bought this because it wasn't very expensive for an 8-10 hour game. It's not voiced and the graphics are quite nice. The story, although mostly gory, is quite engaging. But the dialogue moved too slowly for me and I felt frustrated not being about to fast forward the chapter transitions, and other scenario transitions. It just took a very long time, like a powerpoint presentation that takes 30 seconds to move from one slide to another.Back to the dialogue, characters can literally spend ages just trying to make a point. Do you need 10 mins to say goodbye? I remember this is what happens sometimes in juvenile phone conversations - ""You better go sleep"" , ""No, you hang up first"", ""No I don't want to hang up, how about you hang up?"", ""Why not I wait for you to sleep and then I hang up?"" ""But how would I know if you are sleeping already?""...I hope you get the point.If you can bear with all this pointless dialogue and slow transitions, I suppose the game is still worth a buy."
76561198117493929,Not Recommended,325120,17069957,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Mayumi Sato,"I still didn't finish the game because it makes me bored as hell but it needs a miracle if it turns out to be good enough for its price so I'm rather skeptical about it and so I shall make my review now. I'm in the third chapter now. I think that the main problem is that the writting is just awful. Considering the genre of the game, a visual novel, the writting should it strongest point but it's the worst one. Very empty and predictable characters, terrible construction of the atmosphere of the game - spoiler: a important character die and you can't even feel sad about it because the scene is extremely bad written. I mean, omfg, it's a tragedy. You should be able to empatize a lot with the protagonist feelings but you can't because he doesn't act like a normal human being living a traumatical event but as some sort of teenager avenger - and the ♥♥♥♥ing choices you get are so goddamn obvious. It's like ""Do you want to save this girl when she's your best friend, the possible love of your life, and you have nothing to lose saving her or anything or you just want to be a jerk?"", ""Yes, I want to save her"", ""No, I dunno, I just wanna be a jerk."".  and though they must be important, considering the fact that this game seems to have multiple endings, they don't really give the feel of being important.The art is acceptable and the soundtrack is good but if you want to buy a game with a good story, dialogues and characters, this isn't the right place. Maybe for a younger public that is still having their first experiences with visual-novels this is the right place but for me... It really didn't worked out."
,Not Recommended,325120,17054152,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Magicflier,"I played my fair share of translated visual novels, and rarely touch indie visual novels, and my verdict is that this was a pretty nice read-through. It had what you would get in any mystery/horror novel. The scary deaths, creepy descriptions, artwork in-detail of important scenes, and high quality music.but... I wouldn't recommend this to anyone I know.The protagonist, and (most of) the character interactions in the story were horribly written (from myself as a reader's perspective). The protagonist makes way too many stupid decisions to the point of trainwreck. Some of the characters had their moments, but too few to point out. Most of the time, the interactions felt too 'robotic'. That was the feeling I got when I was reading through the course of the characters development as the story goes on. The backstories for many of these characters were well done, and I was touched. Music is really the highlight of this visual novel, but that is where my compliments end. If it were only the soundtrack, I would recommend purchasing; but you would need to read the visual novel to understand the feelings and emotions of each track... so my stance is neutral towards the soundtrack being on sale.Normally, voice-acting in visual novels can compensate for a lot of things, especially the amount of emotion required to be portrayed during the course of the story; but since indie visual novels don't normally have the funds for voice-acting, I never held any hopes since the beginning. Of course, there are few exceptions like Katawa Shoujo, which also didn't have voice-acting but was beautifully written, drawn, composed, and laid out. It seems Notch isn't one of those few exceptions.Enjoyment: 6/10Characters: 4/10Soundtrack: 8.5/10Personal visual novel  score: 5.6/10https://vndb.org/u40815"
,Not Recommended,325120,31350196,Posted: 24 April,all,Virgil,I'm not into this game. I thought that it was more of a psychological horror game but well I got bored of the game after the first couple minutes. The main character is like a generic male anime character. Nothing to special about the characters as well. Either I'm not use to VN or I'm judging this game too hard. I have tried to leave and come back to the game. Didn't end well I got bored of the game right away.
76561198048211789,Not Recommended,325120,18723792,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,justin_whitman,"On chapter 4, may change my mind when the game is over but so far this is what I think.I really wanted to like this, it seemed like an interesting mystery visual novel, but as it stands I simply can't recommend this.  The writing is stilted and the dialogue is dreadful.  Words are regularly misused and the entire thing reads like it was written by someone who doesn't understand how people talk to each other.  The characters, especially the main character, are inconsistently-written and often will do things that just make no sense at all, acting in ways that no one would act.  The female characters so far have really not impressed me.  They all seem to be based around the cliche kind, gentle, girl-next-door/victim variety and never seem to do anything except cry and wait to be rescued (there's the one exception of course, but just one).  I'm not a feminist, but really...some variety wouldn't hurt here.The story itself isn't a bad one, in fact with better writing and more consistent characters it would make a good visual novel.  I'm rather surprised this has gotten so many positive reviews.  The key to writing dialogue, as a writer, is that after you write out a conversation read it out with a friend.  Does it sound like a conversation two people would actually have?  Do the characters sound like people?  If not, time for a rewrite.Edit:  Well, I made it as far as chapter 8 and near the end ot the chapter I'm throwing in the towel.  I've never read such drivel in my entire life.  The way the case is solved and the 'clues' presented are such utter nonsense I can't stand to go on.  This is not how detective work works, even in reality.  They basically just threw a bunch of totally circumstancial evidence together and claimed it was obvious.  I'm done."
,Not Recommended,325120,22388304,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,hyperTension,"The protagonist is a jerk and he got dropped on his head when he was a baby.dumb things idiot protagonist does:-""do you dare to swear on your life that you are telling the truth?"",""Ah, no! I really value my life. I don't want to die young."" protagonist proceeds to get strangled-knocks a girl out and then uses her as a lap pillow-takes mentally challenged girl to a forest where he knows there's a killer-leaves mentally challenged girl alone outside of the killer's shack-takes a girl he just saved from the killer to stay in the killer's shack for the night because he can think of no safer place to sleep-scares maid girl for no other reason than she is walking on a street-rages at a park bench and knocks off its other occupantI actually had to mute the music. The opening and the menu have great music, but then the rest of the game is so mismatched. They had an up-beat tune playing after the protagonist discovers a dead body.~~I'm only halfway through this game but I'll update once i get further"
,Recommended,325120,16190013,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Lemon,"This is one of the most interesting,deep feeling and deep soul remembering novel i ever played"
76561198129617408,Not Recommended,325120,34061753,Posted: 6 August,all,seeker of pudding,Dumbest piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥main character
,Not Recommended,325120,30968244,Posted: 5 April,all,Ostrich,"Not really that good, I've only played a bit of it so far, but it seems like a generic horror fangame to me. Not worth buying."
76561197995769557,Not Recommended,325120,24208308,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Nieleav,"This is not a game!  It is simply a slideshow with some asian style cartoons and a background music!!!!   There is no interaction other then an eventual click to choose one dialogue option very, I mean VERY, sparsely, and im notsure fi that really influence the course of story.  It shouldnt be advertised as a game at all,  and as cheap as it was, it not worth spending a single coin on it."
76561198012546041,Not Recommended,325120,16207268,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,khaili,"Definitely not a bad game. Just a bit disappointing, I'd say - especially when considering that there's no voice acting."
76561198422489767,Recommended,325120,35027125,Posted: 17 September,all,聪花立花花,Amazing soundtrack. Good!
