user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,325180,16149366,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,worlebird,"I wish that Steam would implement a star rating style system, so that we have more choices than just ""recommend"" or ""don't recommend"".  I do recommend the App Game Kit; it really does make writing games (especially for mobile) fast and easy.  Also, the possibility to write once and target multiple platforms is really nice.That said, I do have some complaints, but they don't stop me from recommending.  Ultimately, I'd like to give the software... maybe a 7/10?  If you are already familiar with programming there will be a number of things that feel awkward about programming with AGK's Tier 1 custom language.  This is especially true if you are used to object oriented programming.  It's not a show stopper, and you should be able to work out how to do what you want to do, but it can cause some headaches when you want to do things that have become second-nature that simply can't be done that way here.  There are no objects, no pointers, very few datatypes, and essentially no scope management aside from functions.  Global variables, something generally frowned upon in best-practices for most languages, are almost unavoidable here.  One can use the Tier 2 system, which allows for coding in an external compiler and just use the AGK libraries, but then you lose the cross-platform targeting, which is one of the beauties of this system.The documentation is often sparse and occasionally inacurrate, and the user-submitted code samples they include should be taken with a grain of salt - they are often useful to get the idea of what the API functions do, but they often get the details wrong, especially when you get into the 3D functions.  The program IDE itself is pretty sparse, and the autocomplete/hint system very quickly gets confused about uer defined type structures and functions.  The debugger is only somewhat useful - if you're used to any enterprise level IDE you will be very dissapointed in the features there.Oh, I almost forgot to mention something that came as a bit of a surprise to me.  Maybe I didn't read closely enough, but I did not initially realize that to deploy to iOS, you need to be running on a Mac.  Period.  As far as I can tell, there is no way to deploy an iOS app from Windows or Linux.  The menu item is there, but it tells you it needs Apple's XCode to be installed.  So that kind of diminishes the whole ""target multiple platforms"" perk.  It still counts, but with an asterisk.If the devs ever read this, the one language feature I would wish for (out of the many that I think would be nice) would be function pointers.  If you could implement function pointers, then we could come close to some simple OOP, which would be nice.***Edit:Oh, man, I just started trying to use arrays, and holy hell.  I said the one feature I would ask for is function pointers?  Well, strike that.  Fix the goddamn arrays first.  After banging my head against the desk for about an hour, I finally noticed something in the docs that I had overlooked:Note that because arrays start at index 0 and allow the size parameter as a valid index, an array defined as ""DIM myArray[2]"" or ""myArray as integer[2]"" would have 3 elements (0,1, and 2) but array.length will return ""2"" to reflect the size parameter that was used to declare it. Therefore an array of length 0 has one element and an empty array will return the length ""-1"".Seriously, what? myArray as integer[2] would have 3 elements? An array with 0 elements returns a length of -1, and an array with 1 element returns a length of 0? What?  The developers of this software obviously must know how to code, otherwise how could they create the software in the first place?  But knowing how to code, how could they possibly think that made any sense at all? I can think of no language I have ever used that works like that, ever.  I understand that some things are done in this system to make it more useable to non-coders, but that is super unintuative.For the sake of all that is holy, please fix that insanity.***Still, if you're looking for a way to quickly create games, especially mobile games for both Android and iOS, this is a good way to do it.  It could use some improvement and polishing, but it does get the job done."
,Recommended,325180,13050748,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Kerrigan,"AGK2 isn't prefect and I can tell you it's a waste of time to compare it with Unity or UE4. For one they are two different animals.One of the biggest's question is ..... *drum roll* ... Yes!, you do need a bit of programming understanding/knowledge and if you don't then I'd suggest trying outhttp://www.codecademy.com/and see if you seems to understand it then look into learning AGK Basic.Pros:- AGK Basic! (If you have never programmed before in your life and wish to try out programming then this is a great start)- C++ Support (I'm a C++ fan)- Visual Studios Community/2013 template support- Lots of AGK Basic example projects (I was a bit shocked by this)- Has an interesting stream app so you can see it on things like on mobile without having to upload it to the device.- It's a library and not an engine editor like Unity (I think this is a pro because I'm not weighed down by stuff I don't need)- Multiplayer support (Basic support but since you can use C++ you can add a different one)- You can make apps and games (It's a library so you have total control)-  it's very cheap for a full library that is easy to pick up and go- Cross Platform Support for games  (Windows, Mac, IOS, Android, Linux)Cons:- I think it lacks on the documentation side (It could use more I think)- It's a library (yes this is a con too because it's a lot harder to pick up compare to like Unity but once you do it's so worth it)- Without looking stuff up, it can be a bit overwelming to get started. (Well what isn't?)- No level editors (Well it's not an engine editor so this is excepted, It's not Unity)- No Linux EditorHere is the Documentation:http://www.appgamekit.com/documentation/home.htmlIf you are intrested in this then I'd say try out the demo on steam or their web site.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------You may think I'm bias but it is harder to find cons with a library then an editor. Only things a library can do wrong is not have a certain command not implemented. The rest is up to you to build. It's true I've nevered like Unity or UE4 but that is because I do prefer Libraries like SFML or SDL and this is  just something else that is fun to play with and see what I can make."
76561198043525497,Not Recommended,325180,13903512,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,nick.ace,"While I would recommend this program for mobile and cross-platform 2D development, I feel that development has been wayyyy too slow for 3D as well as for other important features. Also, don't pay attention to the hours I've spent on the Steam version. I've used the standalone AGK 1 and AGK 2 for hundreds of hours (version 1 and 2 are pretty much identical, even at this point in my opinion).A little story for context: I originally had bought AGK 1 almost 2 years ago when it was priced at $60. For the price, it was a solid program with an incredibly easy learning curve (this is a HUGE strength). It's huge weakness though was exporting iOS and Android apps (the process was just ridiculous-they had like a 70-step guide or something that was missing steps and stuff). Then, AGK 1 had trouble getting funding because it seemed that it was underpriced for what it offered. Then, the AGK 2 came along (as part of a massive Kickstarter campaign) to replace AGK 1, promising a bunch of new features and such. I understood that they made a business mistake, and I wanted to help them out, so I pledged (you also got the beta version). AGK 2 luckily fixed the export with a new IDE and such.Anyway, I spent months on a 3D mobile game (probably my most impressive and time-consuming project to date) since 3D animation was promised to come out a few years ago, but still has yet to arrive. In fact, I stopped working on the project a year ago, waiting for the promised 3D animation, and it's still a long way from coming. What's worse is that there were other stretch goals for 3D that haven't even been touched yet. The worse part about all of this is that the deadlines for when these features would arrive were months, if not years off, which made it difficult to plan. This isn't even just for the 3D parts, certain 2D features have also taken absurd amounts of time to be released.Unfortunately, since those almost two years, not too much else has changed. I don't want to give a negative review (I wish you could use neutral) for AGK 2, because I feel that it's worth the money for 2D games. However, this product continues to frustrate me on how little it delivered from what was promised. I really don't understand how long it can take to incorporate 3D animation or even some other 3D commands; it really shouldn't be that difficult. It appears that the product is understaffed (I think there is like one programmer working on it for like 5 devices), and the countless delays and limited updates (both in scale and in time) have really made this product suffer. It really is a shame because this product could have been so much better.Anyway, sorry for the rant. It is a decent product if all you wish to use it for is 2D stuff, but its 3D has been lacking for years. I know it doesn't advertise this on the store page, but it is part of the product as well as other promised 3D features. If you are expecting features in the future, it's too hit-or-miss.In short, the 2 after AGK is so misleading, it really should just be called AGK 1, and even then, an incomplete version."
,Recommended,325180,16906323,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Catfood McFly,"AGK2 is not a drag-and-drop game maker, it's a programming language like Blitz, DarkBasic or Amos. I always loved dabbling with those programs and I love this one too. It's an easy transition to AGK2 if you're familiar with any style of BASIC coding, and there's plenty of room to get more technical if you want to - but you don't have to. It works extremely well, and really does produce results that work perfectly on any android or iOS device. Being a language, you can do what you want with it - I've made and published a side-scrolling shooter, a quiz game, a 3D crossy-road-a-like (3D is workable but pretty basic at this point, although an upgrade to the 3D is coming) and currently I'm working on a physics-based game. The physics handling in AGK2 is excellent and by far the easiest to use I've ever seen. If you're prepared to put in the time and the polish, there are very few games on the Android Play that couldn't have been made with AGK2. Another thing I like is that end results have no watermarking. There are no forced splash screens or tell-tale signs. Most people would only know you'd used AGK2 if you told them so.If you're a hobbyist or beginning programmer who not only enjoys making games but would like the opportunity to actually offer the finished result on a global scale, I highly recommend this superb software.[EDIT]Updating the review because AGK itself is updating all the time. The 3D is now vastly improved since I posted this review, and now even handles 3D physics. You can even output your games to HTML5, upload it and anyone can play it in their browser. There have also been countless bug-fixes and improvements. I paid £30 for AGK in a steam sale, and now have one app on the play store that makes me ten times that every month, a very welcome additional income to a student. It would never have been possible for me to achieve this without this excellent software."
,Recommended,325180,30422520,Posted: 10 March,all,INZANE,"Is this Beginner Friendly or Not?BEFORE BUYING THIS SOFTWARE YOU SHOULD KNOW THESE:(I will regularly update this review if possible and needed)I wrote this review because Im a BEGINNER and have NO knowledge in codingand I DONT want to be bias here but this is NOT an easy software to use compared to othersNow when you say EASY?""code once and deploy"" that made it easierTier 1 is easy(if you have prior knowledge of it, lack of example makes it difficult)Tier 2 is not, cause its C++//insert text here//insert text here//insert text here//insert text here//insert text here//insert text here//insert text here//insert text hereI searched the Documentation,PDF and Forums for this:AI:path findingpatrolvisiontargeting the playerpredicting targetIf you are planning on making a game that involves the Ally/Enemy AI doing what is listed above...I dont know what to say, Im CLUELESS on what to do and I HOPE in the FORUM they could HELP me?https://www.appgamekit.com/documentation/Reference/Index.htmDOWNLOADABLE CONTENTI bought this bundle ""App Game Kit Unlimited""About the Downloadable GuideBEFORE Buying these two you should know the diffence1. ""The Official App Game Kit Tutorial Guide""""This is the guide to get. it has all the same content as the beginners guide and more.don't get the beginners guide as its just a cutback version of this guide (its missing like the last 3Chapters) this guide has it all""Quoted from:http://steamcommunity.com/id/BlueSteelAU/recommended/345720/2. ""The Official App Game Kit Beginners Guide""""I am not recommending this, not because it's inherently bad, but because it's included as the first 667pages of their other ebook, ""The Official App Game Kit User Guide"", and the last 300 or so pages arewhere the good stuff is. I recommend buying that one instead since you will eventually need the secondpart.""Quoted from:http://steamcommunity.com/id/Othrandur/recommended/411010/(insert text here) XDThe Official App Game Kit Tier 2 Starter's GuideAbout ""AppGameKit - Games Pack 1""""it does come with source code for some of the game:Chopper Drop, Excalibur, Penguin Panic, Snooker Loopy Pro""Quoted from:http://steamcommunity.com/id/chrisx2ds/recommended/468510/I wanna buy that Games Pack 1 but it only has a few game with source code not all has itI want more reference material, more genre perhaps in future DLC release?AGK Video TutorialYoutubeI searched it and found some videos about specific codes that I NEED and its not AGK,if only I can convert those into Tier1 AGK code(I hope some AGK user will do just that)and of course Im a beginner and have no knowledge in coding so I cant XDI've seen the AGK Tutorials and its good but again im looking for specific codes like in othergame making software they have their templates per genreIs this a Beginner Friendly or Not? You will be the judge.I'll probably make a Video Tutorial on the game im making, IF I get pass these obstaclesfor now I'll just stare at this WALL thats been blocking my path XDand those hours spent on this software are just me testing codes, codes and more codesDo I Recommend this?YES, for now coz it has Potential."
76561198061891361,Recommended,325180,26604639,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,IBOL17,"I've been using AGK for a few months now, and I love it. I have 1 AGK game on Steam, 1 past greenlight, and 1 just starting greenlight (""Curse Of Yendor""). It is so easy to release my games on Android & Amazon too. Just follow the ""export"" options and it works great.I also do contract work, making educational games, and AGK allows me to rapidly prototype ideas and show them off.Be warned: this is a ""language"", not an ""editor"" or ""engine"". There is no ""drag and drop"". You use words and symbols to tell the computer what to do, and you have to actually use your brain a bit.But there is tons of help out there, here on steam, and on the TGC forums.I highly recommend AGK!"
76561197981362890,Recommended,325180,13811199,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,dirahl,"Overall, I think this is a good product.  Not great--not yet at least--but good.  I see what this company did with DarkBasic and I hope that they intend to stuff as much of that as they can into APK2, and the indications are that they intend to do just that.  I tried GameMaker last year, and I found that the games I was interested in making didn't fit very neatly into the GM model (although I'm sure it's a good tool for some games).  The nice thing about AGK is that it is more flexible--so much that I can't think of a 2D game that can't be done with it.My sense is that this is the initial release of a product that will see many updates, especially in the 3D world.  The features for 3D appear to be fairly basic, although I haven't tried them yet.  That said, let's get to the pros and cons:Pros:+ Handles all of the graphics-related stuff I don't feel like dealing with, and plenty of nice features+ ""Easy enough"" that I've got a (very rudimentary) game prototype within a week+ Very flexible--basically it's a library of game functions with an IDE wrapped around it+ Nice IDE, fairly intuitive and hasn't caused me any headaches+ BASIC compiler points out most silly mistakes, like using a variable before setting it+ Pretty reasonable physics model  (take it as a compliment, as Physics was one of my majors)+ Handles collisions pretty wellCons:- Documentation is...pretty basic.  It exists and gives you a decent idea of what the functions do, but it's just not up to a great level yet.  I suspect that they and the community will rectify this with time.- There are a few non-obvious behaviors (bugs?) and call sequences.  It increases the learning curve because you spend time dealing with things that ""ought"" to work.- There seem to be certain ranges of values that the physics model ""likes"" to deal with.  Don't expect to place planets and astronauts in the same program with their real masses.  Fortunately, you shouldn't ever need to do that.- I wouldn't use this to make a 3D game, yet.  I believe I read that 3D animations are not supported yet.Overall, I'd say:  it's good, and getting better.About the reviewer:I have 11 years of experience as a professional computer scientist.  I have more than the layman's knowledge of physics.  What I do not have (yet) is game development experience."
76561197984342071,Not Recommended,325180,25561568,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,SgtBullwinkle,"The IDE is ok but lacks features that would make coding more efficient.The IDE has very minimal tools for managing assets.Game engines is bit buggy but pretty dang fast.The Basic language used in TIER 1 is simple but limited.TIER 2 offers more power but requires you understand Visual Studio and C++.  Not great for beginners.Terrible documentation.The primary reason for the down vote is the lack of proper documentation and tutorials in the base product.  What's there is very minimal.  You can spend hours trying to figure out what a proper help system would tell you quickly.  Instead, you are expected to spend $20 to $40 or more on the ""guides"" which are nothing more than useless PDF files that you have to dig through to get any useful information.I would not recommend a buy until documentation and tutorials are fleshed out in the base product, even if the cost increases slightly as a result.For beginners and intermediate developers, I recommend GameMaker, which has a junky IDE but excellent documentation and tutorials."
76561198022064533,Recommended,325180,34380230,Posted: 20 August,all,Pops,"I am a programmer by trade for over 35 years and have worked on just about every platform invented.I decided when I retired I would go write games for the experience and to kill some time challenging my brain.AppGameKit looked like fun and seemed to be well though out.Years ago I bought my sons Black Basic and remebered the excitement in their eyes when they started digging into what was possible with it.It's been over a month now, and I have well over 300 hours in this thing.In fact, it was so fun and intuitive, I started developing games instead of playing them for a past time.The Tier 1 platform is not handicapped compared to Tier 2, and perfect place to get started. So if when know what you are doing the basic side of AGK is not a let down. In fact, it work fantasically and I will have my first game published on the Tier 1 platform shortly.I went from a game concept to a working ready to publish game in three weeks, having never used the platform before!You don't have to been logged into steam to run it, so your time and data isn't tracked for all to see.If you want a solid foundation to learn game development from start to published, you can't go wrong with AGK.Their example videos are excellent, the DLC is awesome and the help library is first rate.There were a few extra things I needed for my app that most will never care about, but I was able to write those on another platform and import the controls to my AGK app.Don't think twice about buying this product over your next steam game.Learn something new and who knows, maybe even make a living with it!"
76561198007978109,Recommended,325180,15389770,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,x3meblue,"If you have no problem with learning a (easy to understand) programming language, then this game engine is one of the best you can get for 2d game development. If you are looking for a fast ""click your game together"" solution it might not be for you!In my opinion the AGK2 game library is amazing. It is easy to learn and has all i need to make cross-platform 2d games for an unbeatable price. And i even can grow with the library, that means if my skills get better or i want to work on very complex projects then i can switch from basic language to C++ and still use the same library.AGK2 already is very useable and stable, but it is also in active development and gets constant updates and improvements. Maybe it is not getting updated so fast like other products, but the developers are in business for a long time (>15 years) , so i know it will be supported for a long time in the future.Other things i like about AGK2:- programming in Basic or C++- you are much more flexible than in click'n'play gamemakers- good documentation for the basic stuff- 3d features (although still in development)- very good and fast editor that comes with it- very friendly communityCons:- more advanced documentation needed- needs more tutorials"
,Recommended,325180,33265172,Posted: 5 July,all,tigme,"I Grew up spending my days behind my BBC Micro coding in BASIC. As time went on I got into Pascal, C, C++, Assembler, PHP etc. I Always had this longing to go back to BASIC because it is in my roots. Thinking back to the days of the ZX Spectrum, Commodore 64 and the BBC, Me and my friends had a lot of fun coding in this language. Things were so simple back then. Between all of the modern tools available I found myself right at home in this tool. There are no complex menus and GUI layout. It is just you and the code.I Find this tool useful because it is simple. If I hit run, it does so immediately. When I hit broadcast it does so immediately. I open my Android phone and Apple tablet, load the AppGameKit app and my creation runs almost instantly. No cables needed (assuming evering is connected to same wifi hotspot). No funny SDK setups. No Apple dev account. No funny QR Code scanning. Testing with multiple devices is simply a breeze in comparison to Unity and other tools I've used.Does it have all the bells and whistles? For that matter does any development tool? NOIf you are a lone ranger Indie developer or small team that want a tool that is easy, without having to learn a complex language.I like things simple which is why I +1 AppGameKit."
,Recommended,325180,21201010,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Reika,"Well, after  almost 3 months, and moren than 100 hours practice. I thingk it is now the time to re-write my review about this App Game Kit. I will still recommend this game engine, but, I think I have something new to say.Firstly, let's focus on the good things on App Game Kit.App Game Kit has a very simple and easy UI, which is really friendly to user.( but in another way, it is not. I'll talk it later ) Not like the other game engine ( UR 4, MAYA LT, CRY OR GAME MAKER ), the menu and commands are simply easy to understand and control, more over, you don't need to built a specify operating environment command to accommodate different platforms, App Game Kit will build the environment automaticly. Unfortunately, I'm not sure if it is also support Windows 10 moblie, due to I don't have a windows phone, but any way, you can find it is very easy and comfortable to run your code on IOS and android.The second thing is, AGK Basic, a kind of Basic language which is very easy to learn, and fast to use. C++ will also run fantasticly on your machine with Game kit.Now, let's talk about something not so good.Because of App Game Kit has a very simple UI, and it doesn't have an appropriate tool to build your game screen, so, you need to code everything by yourself by using some codes to find the appropriate X, Y, Z coordinate and code them with the IDE into your game. I think maybe the placement editor should be a kind of tool to build the map, however, I realy have no idea about how to use it to build my game, and thanks for the code which I've found it in the help file, it has no help at all with my map.Another negative point is the font system. It only supports extended ASCII characters ( bitmap fonts ). You'll find you can't write some languages like Chinese, Japanese and Korean in your game. I think everyone knows that the Chinese mobile market now is the biggest market in the world. Hope to see any good change in the furture.Anyway, App Game Kit is a very good game engine, if you are a  begginer or a independent producer. This is my review. Sorry for my bad english."
,Recommended,325180,23327063,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,ScrotieFlapWack,"Awesome software. I am still currently learning a lot of things about AGK but the ease of use it offers is insane. The broadcast option to test on your app on a device over Wi - Fi I couldn\'t imagine working without it, it offers very quick iteration allowing you to develop your apps much quicker, no more compiling and building apps just to quickly test something!The community is very friendly and helpful and extremely responsive. I\'ve asked ton\'s of questions over on the forums and I always get great advice and quick answers. Also you can deploy your app to multiple devices, Android, iOS, desktop, etc. No need to waste money on modules/exporters just to be able to export your app for certain devices, AGK has it all for you :DIf you are looking to get in to programming and want to make applications for mobile or desktop this is definitely one bit of software you should get, the API and programming languages are extremely easy to learn and they offer one awesome tutorial book which takes you through basic and advanced concepts all relevant to AGK."
,Recommended,325180,29191729,Posted: 11 January,all,carharttguy,"A little background:I'm a professional developer schooled in C# and Java. I am however not schooled to create games, but I know how the mechanics work. 3D game development is more of a hobby/side-project. Please read my review as such, if you're completely new to programming, my feeling about this product can greatly differ from your perspective. Most of my pros and cons are subjective. But true in my opinion. Also: I use this product only for 3D development, I have no interest in the 2D side.Pro's of this engine:+ Very easy to get started, the documentation on the website and examples bundled with this software are solid and easy                 to understand.+There is a lot build in: Getting an animated 3D object and show it on screen, couply of lines and you're done.+Write once, deploy everywhere. This is a VERY big plus, you have to change NO code to deploy it to another platform. Your code compiles to bytecode and the AGK players handles everything. Clever way to approach a game engine.+The code editor, which is a fork of Gedit, is the perfect tool for this engine. It just works as expected: Intellisense, code completion, snippet support, ...+ A very good community forum (I mean on the website, I don't know about the Steam forum, never use it), very friendly folks, always ready to help you out.+ Platforms supported: Windows, Linux, macOS, iOS, Android, Raspberry Pi, HTML5, what more could a person ask for?+ Good FPS, fast and solid engine.Things to consider about this engine: (not the cons)* This is a Basic dialect, you hate it, you love it. I personally don't mind, I like the simplicity.* This product will NOT create CryTek like results. You can create beatiful games, but not 'Stunning', 'Breath taking', 'Cutting-edge' graphics. This could be a con for you. Not for me, I knew what I was buying, and it was not my intention to  get a cutting-edge engine.* If you're just checking out some engines, paying full price is rather steep in my opinion. But there are a lot of sales. A price of 45 EUR would be just right I think. If you're planning to make a living out of this, full price is not too much for this products*In the beginning, I had no idea where this product was heading, what the developers really wanted. But that changed this year, they asked us (the users) with a survey what we want. This was a real con for me, the lack of communication, but I got my hopes up, I think this is turning into a pro.*I would like faster updates of the framework. Smaller but more incremental, every 2-3 weeks would be perfect. And if an update takes longer, clear communication why that is happening.Cons (for me)-Not OOP. The language is fully procedural and not object oriented. For me this is a con. I think OOP would enhance this product a lot. BUT: I understand it fully that they would not implement it. I would like it, but a lot of people (also beginers) might feel it's making things WAY harder. So for the future of AGK it might be a bad idea to go to OOP way. My suggestion: make it hybrid, leave all commands procedural, but give developers the chance to create classes/inheritance/.. But leave the original framework procedural. Then only the people who are interested in OOP can actually use it.-Focus on 2 tiers, Basic and C++. In my opinion, most people that look into this engine, want Basic. There are a lot of good C++ game devevelopment libraries out there. AGK doesn't have any USPs over other libraries.-No roadmap (but I have hopes this might change, see considerations)Overall, I'm VERY happy with this product. I love it. I love it's simplicity, the way it works, the results it provides, the easyness. My main worries are more of a communication kind.Would recommend this software to anybody that has interest in game development!"
,Recommended,325180,23973009,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,nopones,"better than most game developing tools, everything is straightforward, no complicated UI's, just a text editor to program in BASIC. The world has abandoned BASIC for other fancy languages , but  TGC having good taste continues on to use what i consider the best programming language there is. even if it runs interpretered its fast and reliable. Just hit compile and bam its running on the device. It saves alot of time and headaches when developing apps on mobile."
,Recommended,325180,23352821,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Caleb Haññemañ,"I have had an amazing experience with App Game Kit. Along with the main piece of software, I also purchased the Giant Asset Pack 1, which persists of assets that are of very high quality. The engine and language is powerful and simple. I would reccomend."
76561198204386904,Recommended,325180,34311135,Posted: 17 August,all,suatozcan,Excellent for Beginners!You don't have to go thorugh all the windows in C++ or the Visual Studio nightmare.The tutorial makes it very easy to get into the programming and understanding the basics.You'll learn every core concept as easy as going to the grocery store.This is way better than my I.T. course which I had paid 3000$. They squish in too much knowledge in a short time.Best part isIT IS FUN!You'll find yourself launching this app instead of your games.
76561198046933829,Recommended,325180,33438167,Posted: 10 July,all,joescoggins,"Works decent, but don't buy it unless you get a bundle or it's on sale.Doesn't come with any sprites. Basically the same as a lot of free software I have used. Now that I have seen that the bundles are cheaper than this one piece of softwware by it self I feel robbed, but that was my fault for not checking out the bundles first."
76561198100516164,Recommended,325180,30313369,Posted: 4 March,all,hudd,"Fantastic for indie developers, highly recommended.  Very powerful yet as easy to use as could be reasonably expected..."
,Recommended,325180,25384952,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,HopelessDecoy,"THE PROS:AGK BASIC is a fun easy to use language for rapid development.C++ Libraries included for more complex and if your good efficient code.This IDE can literally do anything in BASIC, within reason.Provides 2d/3D support for gamesCan also be used to make general Applicationssupports casting a test run to moble devices through the AGK app, truely awesome feature!!!Practically any computer is capable of running the AGK2 IDE.The game creators provide excellent support, real top notch guys!Plenty of documentation for 2D game development and general app developmentHas premade asset packs for sale as DLC, decent qualityCode in BASIC and you made a practically universal application!THE CONS:The actual AGK2 IDE does not support C++ or have an option to add a C++ compiler. Instead they provide instructions for using thier libraries with Visual Studio. This made me sad but its understandable, I hope someday they add the option of using a compiler with AGK like GCC!The 3D documentation is super basic and tutorials are practically non-exsistant. However 3D development in general deserves like a 400 page book for the basics so this is understandable that support is limited. However with some know how anyone can slowly learn 3D development in BASIC because the language is so easy!this is an IDE. This is NOT A GAME ENGINE! Therefore you will be hard coding everything, making it more difficult but so much more unrestricted and rewarding!The BASIC language does not support object oriented design, concurrent programming, or support for xml, json, db files.In summary, The Game Creators are an awesome group of devs with a really great product. While not perfect it is cheap, effective, and a great rapid development tool. I definitly think if your a programmer type and want a jump into game or app dev, buy this! It goes on sale regularly if your not so rich and is totally worth the full price! Hope you enjoyed my review and good luck!"
76561198052215616,Recommended,325180,13855937,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,TheOneMrArcher,"First of, this is not a program that will create a game for you if you go to the menu and click ""create game"", nor is this a program where you will drag and drop sprites onto the screen and then your game magically pops out. No, this is programming. If you are afraid of programming, this program might not be for you, nor the game industry for that matter. However, if you aren't afraid to get your hands dirty with some basic programming, this is the program for you!Using a pretty easy language, this program eliminatesthe problem of creating your own game engine. It basically gives you the freedom of creating a video game without spending an eternity of creating your own engine. This program is also made so that you program your game once, and then it will be playable cross-platform for pretty much all popular devices. And with an awesome broadcasting tool and an AGK app on your phone, you can stream the game from your computer to your phone/tablet, and test it there.Ok, it's 12:24 AM now, and I have a big presentation tomorrow, so I won't write much more.But I'll leave you with this.If you are interested in making video games, and are not afraid of some lines of code, this is the program for you.10/10"
76561198055869357,Recommended,325180,29183750,Posted: 11 January,all,IronManhood,App Game Kit is very easy to learn and is fun to use. Worth the buy.
,Recommended,325180,33502323,Posted: 13 July,all,GunnerJnr,"App Game Kit is an amazing tool that any developer/indie should have in their collection, its amazing in Tier 1 (BASIC) for rapid prototyping, it also has Tier 2 (C++) which makes the possibilities endless as the framework can be extended! I Highly recommend this for everyone."
76561198071035457,Recommended,325180,19752712,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,DualSpool,"Great software for multi platform and mobile development. I like the abliity to instantly broadcast to multiple devices all at once to test your project while developing. It now has full 3D physics built in which actually makes it fun to develope.You can have a full 3d world with physics up and running in a matter of minutes. You really can not beat what you get for this price. The AGk community is great and very active, lots of help from them. Make sure you check out the other forumsfor lots of getting started info. I have owned other software from this company since 2002."
76561198363792548,Recommended,325180,29670489,Posted: 3 February,all,baptista.andre,"I've been using App Game Kit trial and it is great!I can fastly prototype my ideas and develop full projects with AGK.The capability of deploying to multiple platforms is a must, saving time and money.The community and dev team are very suportive as well.Thank you THE GAME CREATORS!"
76561198010241250,Recommended,325180,24991115,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Duke Dudeston,"An easy to learn programming language with loads of support and inbuilt help. Allows you to write code for various different platforms. This write once deploy almost everywhere is a great start if you want to write games for android as well as PC. You can even export for Apple Ios but that requires correct hardware etc.This software comes in 2 flavours. Teir 1. The BASIC based version. And in my opinion the best. And Teir 2, The C++ libraries. I say Teir 1 is the best because you can jump straight in, start writing your code and even export to .apk  (for android) straight away. Teir 1 will also help you with signing your app so you can publish it to Google Play or Amazon App Store. (Or whatever your poison will be)I have tried the C++ libraries and I can't see how it improves for me? If you know C++ then chances are you won't need this software anyway.Games / apps made with this are fast and responsive. If you have a Raspberry Pi  (2 or greater) you can get this software for free on that. If you are happy you can release the app for Raspberry Pi, buy this version. Copy the source code over, then export to Windows and Android in a simple click of a button. Put this software on a MAC then you have your app on all formats, without any modifications to the actual code.Can't recommend this software enough!"
,Recommended,325180,25326125,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,kalanstar,"I'm recomending thisa software even though it may not be as simple and straight forward as one would expect. The only downside I encountered was figuring out which online site had the assets for different tasks and the youtube tutorials are soso at best. Still, it's not too hard to learn if you show some deication and follow the manuals."
,Recommended,325180,24458551,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,FK Boots,"This is such a fantastic tool for those wanting to make mobile games. It handles games for PC and web as well, but after using Unreal, Unity and Torque before, AGK takes the cake in my opinion. You DO need to have some coding experience to get the most out of it, but the community is expansive and more than happy to help people starting out. Also check out some of the AGK bundles, too, as they offer packs which come with tutorial guides and asset packs which are great for people starting out in game development.One thing to note, you will still need a mac to compile an iOS build of your game. Other than that, you're golden :)"
,Recommended,325180,13932855,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,mr_radd,"Pros (no particular order):1) BASIC (tier 1) is super easy to learn.2) Has commands for just about any scenario from 2D to 3D.3) Using their IDE, Tier 1 only, you can broadcast over wifi to any Android or iOS device. Which is amazing for testing!4) Super responsive dev that actually listens to people and is active in the forums.5) The community is amazing, and more than willing to help and share code and models/sprites!6) Uses Bullet for physics, so it's a legit physics engine.7) C++ library, Tier 2, mirrors the commands of Tier 1 which makes porting easy--if you wanted to like me. I did so, because I prefer an object oriented environment.8) Zero royalties.9) RASPBERRY PI compatible!!!Cons (no particular order):1) Costs money.2) It's cheaper than when I bought it.3) IDE's debugger is a bit meh."
,Recommended,325180,18832678,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,annieorben,"I've been fairly busy so have only been watching this product as it develops. I just started looking at it after the latest update and am really impressed by how nice the IDE is looking. For me, it's a big deal to have good tooling when developing an application. I love the search capabilities. You've got Regex integrated into the search, and some kind of preference setting for integrating a third party grep utility. It looks like you're supporting basic and c++ in the IDE. There's basic debug tooling with symbols and call stack. I'm assuming you can view each stack frame. There's a plugin architecture and a lot of customization options. Keep it up, I'm really enjoying where this is going!"
76561198163649772,Recommended,325180,22900084,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,TeChLoRd6969,"Very well made IDE/Game. I would only recommend those who are aleady familiar with programming, but that does not disregard the fact that one can still learn through the guides the game provides. Keep up the good work AGK2."
,Recommended,325180,17937893,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Zander,"App Game Kit 2 is a pretty cool IDE and Compiler  for developing your games for PC, Mac, Android and IOS.Unlike the other easy to develop game kits out there, this one's price is just right for us indie game developers because its a very powerful tool for creating your own games."
76561198269433937,Recommended,325180,31104434,Posted: 12 April,all,teemu,"Generally I would say AGK is a nice way to get started with game development. It does have a lot lacking but for its price and the rough edges it has a lot of good elements as well.  I have done two games for mobile platforms using it. These have been 2D games so I do not know about the 3D part. My points:+cross-platform development. exporting to android and ios both with very little specific code needed. very nice.+physics engine. has nice abstraction with very simple ways to control the 2D physics+player apps. very simple way to broadcast your game for testing on your android/ios devices. couldn't be simpler.+reasonably good response to questions and bugs reported+community has some very helpful people if you go on the forums. the few that are active.-one man show. TGC seems to be a small team and AGK is basically developed by one man. Even if Paul is great, as one man he cannot work on everything very fast.-buggy. I have discovered several bugs that made me wonder if people actually used it for real. because them those bugs would have been found, reported and fixed a thousand times already.-no level editor. for a game kit you really need one. compared to what gamemaker 2 looks like, the editor alone wants me to jump to it. huge amounts of time can be wasted on setting up levels. and playing with tiled etc is just klunky.-generally the AGK IDE for the custom language works but very limited. the missing level editor is a big issue. so is the fact that you cannot see your media. and there is not git support or any other vcs. and as mentioned, the community hacks are just terrible. in general i run pycharm in separate window with the project also configured just to use git integration and to have easier search over the project.-the custom basic language is somewhat nice in making game programming simple but at the same time limited. no advanced data structures, no function scopes (all are global), limited support for variable scoping (you can make custom types to hide some of it but that is it). you wouldn't lose the simplicity if you just added some lightweight support for at least some scoping as otherwise bigger projects become real bummers. of course refactoring etc is a real pain but that is already too far considering state of everything else...overall a fine product that takes care of a lot of the details, frameworks, cross platform issues, physics, etc. for you. but also not very polished. good for building 2D games where you customize everything yourself. for its price a good deal. just beware the limitations."
76561198091280908,Recommended,325180,18286677,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Urban Koistinen,Simple way to get started in writing for multiple devices if you can deal with BASIC.
,Recommended,325180,29157913,Posted: 10 January,all,Codetrasher,"Every gamer at some point of their lives get that itch: I want to make my own game. There are a bunch of different tools, engines and programming languages to get started with. Using these languages and tools, however, require years of training and education since they aren't easy for beginners.But AppGameKit is easy for beginners since it takes care of graphics handling under the hood for you. If you want to get started fast with game programming rather that using harder-to-grasp engines like Unity or Unreal, this is the right tool for you. A cool thing about AGK is that it comes in two so called Tiers: Tier 1 is the more beginner-friendly option and is based on BASIC language. If you're already familiar with programming, and C++ especially, Tier 2 is for you.With AGK you can make both 2D and 3D games, and if you want to have realistic physics in your games, AGK comes with integrated Box2D and Bullet physics libraries. No need to download any sources or binaries for them, they're already there, waiting for your commands.You might also think that you want to develop your game for both iOS and Android. No need to worry, AGK code works on both devices. And I personally fell in love with AGK even more when it got support for LINUX! So no matter what platform you choose to develop for and on, AGK can handle it.Every beginner developer needs also support and guidance. AGK has a very active community ready to help you and give you feedback.If you still want more information, go visitApp Game Kits website. There are basically the same information and even more that I just described and some example apps people have already made with AGK. You should also visitThe Game Creators Forums. There is a section for AGK Newcomers to get you started with if you're still interested, :)"
,Recommended,325180,35130858,Posted: 22 September,all,SteelPrincess,"With 600+ hours in AppGameKit, I will say... without a doubt... this is one of the better engines for small to medium sizes indie games. The engine is constantly being developed and expanded, the devs are totally hands on and active in the forums, and it's just incredibily easy to learn and use.While it's 3D capabilities don't have all the bells and whistles of Unreal or Leadwerks, if you are making smaller games, or mobile or HTML games... it's more than just competant. Supporting two languages BASIC (which is a intepreted scripting language like Lua, but easier), and direct C++ linking; this engine has everything a budding, or even experienced, developer could want for projects that don't require a hefty 3D engine. But, make no mistake, the 3D engine it does have is no performance slouch, and runs incredibly well.This is, by far, one of my favorite engines ever; and because it is, primarily, code based there's no limitations or boxing in of what kind of game you can build.AppGameKit is more than worth its price, as are its DLCs; and given the constant updates and supports, the price is worth it."
76561198379357866,Recommended,325180,33402546,Posted: 9 July,all,bubbb,"Disliked-  It does not have Volume 2 available yet.  Volume 2 is a physics manual that teaches about 3-d objects and such. That is why I got it, but the author of this 'AP Game Kit' has not completed the second instruction volume yet.  So, I have to pick arround and experiment by looking at 3-d games examples and find out how to do it in a 'round-about'  way.Also, it works fine for about 35 times for my project, but then it stops working and I have to delete the AGK completely off of the Steam server, and then re-download and re-install it again. So, I don't know what's going on with this game making thing, that it has some bugs in it that needs to work out or what?  I don't know.Liked-   But, while it working, it is very nice and has good physics. And am excited because I am able to code my 3-d game that I always wanted to now.  And I wish it worked all the time.  But I have to un-install it and re-download it about twice a day to keep it running properly.  Luckily, I have a fast download speed on cable, so it's not to bad to do it.....And.... I keep a copy of my project on my desktop, so that when I re-download the AGK, I can return to my project and it works again, and I can continue developing it."
76561198165778106,Recommended,325180,18508776,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Kangtaw,"This app is superb and wonderful. It's easy to use and very powerful. Developing games with this app is so much fun. The only problem is that you still have to spend some money to buy the ebooks. But, they are worth to buy."
76561198307728679,Recommended,325180,29257561,Posted: 14 January,all,cbskungfu,"With my knowledge of xBasic (CA-Clipper) and Basic programming (from Sinclair Basic up to VB6) I felt immediatly at home with AGK. I tried other engines, but only in AGK I was able to develop quickly a little educative game, a simple puzzle with sounds. It was easy to get it running on my tablet and my low cost chinese mobile phone. When I had a doubt, I always found the solution in the online help, or I remembered something that I saw in the examples. The examples are easy to understand; now I'm studying AGK Official Tutorial Guide to learn AGK more deeply.I know that many people do not like Basic, some will ask for Lua or Python or C# support and object-oriented programming, but for me it would only increase the time to learn new things that I really do not have a real need. Call me a ""Basic Die Hard head"", but it's the way that I see the things, at least for now. You do not have to be afraid of spaghetti code, it is simple to keep the thing clean.What I do not like in AGK is the still very basic support to 3D. I know that perhaps this is not something simple to do, but I would really love a simple to use enviroment (Game Guru-like) with AGK basic programming.So, this is my recommendation: if you have lots of experience with Basic/xBase programming, try AGK2. It can be a good surprise to you. If you are new to computer programming, it can be very fun to learn AGK Basic."
76561198008676722,Recommended,325180,30875232,Posted: 1 April,all,Lizzarn,"Excellent program, and support is constantly improving. The forums have excellent members that also supply guidance. The past year has seen major updates. It seems like TGC is really putting a lot of work into improving this. I also believe a visual editor and shader pack are about to be released. Keep it up!!"
76561197997076852,Recommended,325180,29759505,Posted: 7 February,all,fubarpk,"App Game Kit is a fantastic development tool that is easy for a beginner to learn but yet has very powerful features that an experianced programmer would find usefull. Once you have developed software you have the ability of using it as a windows app or publishing it for Android, Html5 or IOS."
,Recommended,325180,34665536,Posted: 1 September,all,FSK19.net|hardy-theGener@l_,"Quick Compile and Testing the Code that Your Program!I did like the speed of compile and directly I can Test my coded app on windows,if I want on mobile hardware too - that is important for an fast and speedy development.My friends I prefer the usage of AppGameKit2 to develope their App-Ideas.Best Regards My Friend!"
,Recommended,325180,29218134,Posted: 12 January,all,daniel_k_murphy,"AGK 2 is a very nice development tool for making cross platform games. I've used many game development tools and AGK 2 is one of the easiest to learn and fun to make the games you've been wanting to make!Having a great active community is very key with any development platform, The Games Creators has a fully live and active community that are willing to help out those asking for it.There are PLENTY of tutorials, both official and made by the community. Learning how to do something here will be enjoyable because there is not a shortage of tutorials.Want to test out an idea? Throw together a prototype and you'll see it working in no time!I reccommend this to anyone wanting to build games and not have to deal with the lower level issues of sound, music, graphics, inputs, etc. AGK 2 wraps them all up into a uniform simplified way for all OSes :)"
76561198034206958,Recommended,325180,29211882,Posted: 12 January,all,Mitch,"It's easy, it's fun, it's amazing, it's powerful. Also offering a very good support. Is having active & helpful community..."
76561198031817602,Recommended,325180,28598582,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Xuul,"This is the product I've been waiting for a long time.I used to code in Blitz3D, which unfortunately is totally outdated by now, running on DX7.I bought MonkeyX Pro, but I didn't really like the language.Then I stumbled on AGK2.I used to code with DarkBasic in the old days, so the syntax of AGK2 was just perfect for me.AGK2 can export on mulitple platforms, just like MonkeyX Pro, but it's WAY easier.AGK brings tons of useful command sets like 2D physics, 3D physics, tweening,  adverts, particles, and even supports GameCenter, Facebook and InApp-Purchases. Shaders, too? You betcha!The learning curve is really awesome. Even a total beginner can do some impressive stuff in a couple of hours.The forum is also great, people are very helpful.I big plus is the free AGK 2 player, which enables you to broadcast your code right onto your Android device, without having to export to .apk. You simply hit the Broadcast button and you can play your game on your smartphone.What I'm missing is the STEAM support ( Achievements, Stats ) for TIER 1, but it may come in the future.If you're an Indie developer and want to create games fast and easy, this is for you!!!"
76561198209096489,Not Recommended,325180,35506009,Posted: 5 October,all,eppic dogo,i want a full refund
76561198035730987,Not Recommended,325180,15420249,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,GGibbs,"Oki, so this is my first review, and the reason i've decided to write one (especially for this piece of software) is because i don't want others to fall into the same trap that i have.AGK could have been a great IDE if only the developers had put more time into the documentation side of things. Yes, the community is great.... when i say community, you're talking about the same 5 guys, that'll do their best to help you... If i got stuck in my tracks, i'd create a post, and in two to three days, i might get a response that would answer my question, if not, then you're looking at a couple more. This is very frustrating, especially when you can't go any further.I'm still struggling on just for the reason i bought the software. Had this been free, i'd had quit by now.I don't know much about Unity 3d, but as it's free (Unless you're making £££) and would seem has a much more vocal community, i'd look at that first."
,Not Recommended,325180,20932276,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,whalake,"At this Point in time (4th Feb 2016) APK2 is ONLY cross platform if you want to programe in the BASIC language.If you want to programe in a REAL language ""C++"" on the LINUX operating system than THIS IS A TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY as it does not properly support LINUX yet!!!!!!!"
76561198238559822,Not Recommended,325180,17519125,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,thomas_knuppel,this app is a waste of lots of money. i used it for 2 hous and it turns out that it is not for people that want to learn!!!!!
,Not Recommended,325180,16214355,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,cseder,Nah. Not much bang for buck here...
76561198232463668,Not Recommended,325180,28530055,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,callumbobface,"Don't buy waste of money!!!!! Very complicated!!! It said it is easy in the name but it uses C++ but you need lots of patience with it, like 2 years or something!!!!"
,Not Recommended,325180,28332240,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Remy Cajallena (Guevara™),no guides or tutorials wont recommend to anyone not even for a dollar should be free its trash
76561198152932637,Not Recommended,325180,30753117,Posted: 26 March,all,Tertiadecima,a review for App Game Kit: Easy Game Development
,Recommended,325180,31906054,Posted: 22 May,all,maxsalhab,The team was very good at replying to my issues. I will wait until there is complete integration with  GameGuru and the AppGameKit.
,Recommended,325180,32538230,Posted: 18 June,all,IvanSN,"Great engine. It easy to use with a basic code, great for 2D games, and cross platform games."
,Recommended,325180,35220275,Posted: 26 September,all,ShaunRW91,"This is a easy to learn programming language that makes developing on multiple platforms a breeze. The devs update it regularly, and you will find tons of support on the TGC forums."
