user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,325210,17989516,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,hotmatrixx,"Be wary of some of these reviews, especially the negative ones - for some reason people think that they can play this game for 35mins and 'see' everything that it has to offer.Overall Impressions:It's a Zen-like survival game, without zombies. Finally. Or 13yo camp-snipers. Those two aspects alone are reason enough to buy it. It's permadeath, for you, and your dogs, and you are the village 'champion' - if they run out of supplies, they can die, and you lose. GG. Game over.I say 'zen-like', because of the pacing of the game, I'd like to say that things happen slowly, but it's more like there are interesting things to do, interspersed with time spent admiring the scenery as you look for the next area to loot. Also, you learn that you can choose your engagements - animals (prey and predator) have an invisible circle around them - stay out of it, and you can leave each-other alone. (however, they are also meant to be your main source of food, so it's a matter of choosing the engagements that you want to).Overall, its a very enjoyable experience, just being out there, just you and your dogs, exploring new stuff, finding lighthouses and windfarms and all kinds of interesting Landmarks. It's the overall 'feel' of the game that will bring me back again.Graphics:Simple, clean, beautiful (especially with the dawn/sunrise updates)Foxes look too much like wolves from medium distances.game seems to need optimisation - for the tiny amount of what's going on in the game, it seems to draw a LOT of GPU cyclesmany models feel too simplistic - mostly the people and their animations. Especially the 'dead' ones you come across - they look wonky. But it's not a deal breaker, and it's EA, so we shall see.You can turn the render distance of trees down, and that helps a lot.Combat:Jumping off the sled, pulling a weapon, and releasing a dog is difficult to  do, especially inside the small-ish detection radius of predators. without a little planning, that will get you (or your dogs) killed.Bullet travel and drop are a thing, but difficult to judge as you can't really see their path once they leave your weapon.No auto heal and med supplies are finite in the world (for now)Your dogs have to be set to the right mode: attack for prey and Defend for predators, else they will ignore them completely and won't even defend themselves.Survival.As I said earlier, it has a slower pacing, feels more focussed on exploring the map and scavenging than on  getting into fights - but that makes fights more immersive, as you do them because you have to to survive - for food for your village, rather than because some zombie wants a Bloody Mary for breakfast, or a Wolf decides it want to set your base on fire  :dshound: . That one aspect changes this into a true survival game, as opposed to the survival/horror genre we have become so used to. there is a day/night cycle, and sleep is a thing, But the only reason to sleep in this game is that is how you update your save-point. There are no other benefits ATM. Also, remember to pick up your bedding before you go, or you won't be able to camp/sleep int he wilderness until you find it again.Sound;pretty good, adds to the ambience. There are a few moments in the sound track which are out-of-place, but these have been brought to the dev's attention, and they have said it will be fixed (children laughing at the end of one of the tracks - it's the creepiest thing you can imagine when you're supposed to be out there alone...)You can turn off the start/stop whistle sound, Whew. I'm thankful for that one.Bugs/crashes/EA issuesIt has a couple of bugs,  the most consistent one is that if you let your dog off, whilst on ice, he falls through it, and cannot reattach to the sled, meaning you cannot move the sled, creating a catch-22 that ends your run.Important items, critical to your survival are finite you can run out of stuff you need to survive. eg. You need matches to cook food. there are only 103 matches on the entire map. I know, I searched it (and made a map, too)Medkits, bandages (to stop bleed out), bullets and bolts... all finite.The compass isn't useful enough - if you set a new waypoint, you will not be able to find home base again (unless you made a map...) And it doesn't show NSEW."
,Recommended,325210,32566535,Posted: 19 June,all,Kitty_Haz_Claws,"I bought this game probably 4-5 months ago, I was looking for an us vs the elements co-op game.  Since I bought this game there has been several patches and I've seen some huge changes & patches in the game that make it even more enjoyable. I stream this game quite often as well with great results. If you are looking for an easy laid back calming game this is perfect for you. Music is relaxing, the atmosphere is beautiful, it's just overall a fun game to kick back and relax in.*update* Sept 2017I still love this game; devs have made more HUGE changes and instead of this being an ""us vs the elements"" game it's more of a research and save the planet before the storm comes to wipe out everything type of game. Reaching your milestones is MUCH more attainable.I did a blind playthrough here of the newest patch:https://vid.me/d3djN"
,Not Recommended,325210,30969363,Posted: 5 April,all,Sol Lignum,"As much as i'd want to, i just cannot recommend this game at this time.+ Quite nice design and core idea of getting around by dogsled~ Specific gameplay with a main goal of building up a village and survive storms by means of hunting and gathering- Everchanging concepts and mechanicsSo far it's the only Early Access game i seriously regret i bough. For more then a year the game has been sitting in my inventory, it has gone through at least 3 major concept changes, and now it's only a shade of what i've been buying.First it was lonely gathering survival experience in some realistic, vast, long abandoned area. Not unlike TLD, but with interesting, even if simplistic design, and a little twist of having 4 dogs with diffirent possible stats and needs, about which you should've care, and you could've untie one dog and take it for a hunt with you.Then the map transformed into abomination: it was islands connected to each other by some narrow bridges of ice, floating in iced waters. It still was somewhat realistic, with some shipwrecks and such, and core mechanics were mostly untouched.Then it turned into alienated-i-don't-know-what with some weird buildings scattered around the map, weird looking structures player can build, and some placeholder for the something-to-be-finished-later that looked like an energy rifle of sorts. Looting was almost completely eliminated, and gameplay become somewhat hollow. Map has changed yet again, and was close to the current version, i think.Somewhere inbetween those two paragraphs villagers were added, and their functions has been slowly evolving into what we have now. Player were now required to gather resources for the village to survive incoming storm. Another interesting idea, by the way.Then ability to untie one dog for a hunt, as well as stats for these dogs has been eliminated. There was sled inventory at some point as well, not anymore. It's now merely a mean of transportation rather then mobile defence and inventory for few more items.There were also numerous HUD and icons redesigns, and i'm sure alot more i've missed.Now buildings and villagers took yet another regesign, yet another mechanics changes are coming, and everything looks quite nice. For now. But for how long, it remains to be seen.I may be mistaking about which feature has been added or cut when, but i hope my main point is clear: Since the day i've bought it, it is now 3 times not the game i bought."
,Recommended,325210,13809226,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Forrest Gump,"I have played survival games for about 5 years, and this one caught my eye while I was trying to find a cheap, interesting game *at least to meI was compelled by the snowdogs, reason being I have never used, or seen them in the survival genre.Eternal Winter is relatable to The Long Dark, however it is a way better aspect for survival of the elemants *In my opinion *Note that I have TLD on a private steam account ;3I will be honest, it is fun for about 5-10 hours, then it will feel repettitive like Oh, im low on food... lets hunt and you hunt, and thats it... it is true survival however I wish there was something else for us gamers to look for such as a new sled, or perhaps missions from other survivors! ex. Collect 5 water bottles for the survivor. So I would like to see more ""Jobs"" implemented in-game because all I really see fit is finding food, and suppliesOut of 10, I would like to give a 10/10 however it has a feel, like something is missing from it...so 6 1/2- 10 *Until there is more to do in-game!!!!"
76561197983507096,Recommended,325210,19299470,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Pain,Firstly i had to pick my mum up off the floor when she came home from work and saw me playing this game as it was very different to my usual blood and gore kinda game :) Once i told her its not always about violence in these survival games she even had a go herself on the sled looting a town!I think this game is absolute genius. I am thoroughly enjoying it. Much slower than all the other survival games out but a very chilled out gaming experience indeed. Cannot wait to see where this goes in the future.I got it in the sale for just over £2 and thought its an absolute bargain too at this stage its at.Take very good care of your dogs as they are your life line. Keep them fed and watered and monitor their health if you use any for tanking or hunting prey. Oh and remember to eat yourself too :)
,Recommended,325210,32979893,Posted: 29 June,all,Evil Morty,"To anyone who wants to try this game but see 'Not Recommended'.Surviving the first storm isn't too much of a hassle. I'm able to prepare for it in 2 days tops, and the storm usually comes day 4-6. I can't express enough you have enough supplies to make1. A Small Settlement2.Lumbermill3.Safehouse4.hardwareON DAY ONESince this is in 'Early Access' the maps do NOT randomize at the moment so you don't need to worry about finding too many things. You also can't collect wood. You need your lumber to do that for you daily.You send ""Data"" to recieve health packs, ammo for your rifle, and paint.But for anyone who needs to know the quality of the game, i'm almost positive it's made with Unity.Graphics = DecentOptimized = NotAnimations = Needs ImprovementSound Controller = NoneGlitches = Not as many as I thoughtBuilding/Inventory = Needs More To Do/Need More Access ToMultiplayer = Player Two Needs More Access To Do ThingsSuggestions = Possibly make something more beneficial when we upload data (more unlockable things to make/build). Possibility to die from freezing. Easier way to obtain ammo (possible to craft?). Definetly work on the animations, I laughed when i first pulled out my knife and left clicked.If you need help figuring out how to survive in the game you can add me on steam, or possibly anyone else who has figured out how to live without giving up right away."
,Recommended,325210,29453701,Posted: 23 January,all,WizardlyJew,"[This game is early access, so you really must bear with the developers.] Eternal Winter has a lot of potential to be a unique and thriving survival game which, even now, stands out above the waves upon waves of garbage survival games greenlighted over the years. It started out with little content, a big, empty map with airdrops filled with resources scattered across the map with little in between save for a deer or two; but recently, it has received numerous updates, which have genuinely improved the game, such as a refined HUD, general polishing, architectural changes (which I personally adore), just to name a few. Right now, its not a game worth purchasing full price, but it has a lot of potential to one day be worth the $10 price tag."
76561198151536134,Recommended,325210,14672500,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,TacticalTrout,"Eternal Winter has done some really great stuff with its early access launch. I've only put a couple hours into this game, but i see so much potential in additon to whats already here.The Pros:-Very Solid ideas with the dog co-op-Good variety in the wildlife-Good weapon mechanics-Beautiful landscapeIdeas (because there's no cons for early access):-Make more containers lootable (ex. fridges, ovens, boxes)-Put some stuff in the car trunks from time to time;p-Different types of meat, that grant different levels of hunger regen (ex. wolf, boar, goose)-Cooking?-Get some soundtrackage in hur!Anyway, quicky review on this game. If you're on the fence about it, and youre looking for a good survival game. Buy it, its inexpensive and it looks like there are many improvments to come. I can definetly see this game getting big. Great job to the developer and keep up the good work."
76561198002189495,Recommended,325210,20907120,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,rovaira2,"This is an awesome game. It's probably the best survival type game I've played. The map is large, the since of adventure is really here, the graphics are done just right. What's cool about this game is you build up your village to produce things such as wood, water, metal, etc. so your village can survive. In addition you have to hunt for food and bring it to the village before the next storm hits on day 6, 15, etc. Each time the number of what is required to survive the storm increases. You can build multiple villages with lumber mills, etc. to help out i production. There is a decent amount of wild life as well.The controls work well (W, S, A, D, and then E to interact). Until the 2/5 update you have to use P to get to the menu instead of escape like other games. I have run into some bugs like sometimes one of the dogs disapears when I have more than 1 hunter dog (dogs 3 and 4 in the back), so I'm trying to use one hunter dog for now.I definitely recommend this game. It will get better as they add more maps, etc., but this game is not one of those boring survival games where you don't have goals, and the adventure/exploration part are nicely done.EDIT: 2/10 They've now added more areas to the map. :)"
,Recommended,325210,13068118,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,4th,"JUNE 4TH, 2015 UPDATE: The developers for this game have updated this game at least once a week since release and the game is truly developing into the game we all thought it could become. Whether you buy in now or wait for release is up to you, but I personally feel there is more than enough content to keep you occupied for at least 10 hours, but this truly depends on the type of gamer you are.I recommend this game based on the potential it has. People throw that term around a lot, I know. I am reviewing this on the 25th of November, the release date therefore it is far from being a complete game, but if you are looking to fund something that will one day provide you with hours of entertainment, look no further. If you are after a game that will be fun to play right now, add this to your wishlist and wait for the full release.ProsMinimalist graphics that are aesthetically appealingAcceptable world generationRandom spawnsRandom loot generation adds replayabilitySuperb atmosphereThe dogs add a unique dynamic to the gameDogs have many usesSled has many uses (carry loot, etc.)Naming your dogs helps grow personal attachment to themSteady learning curveLow system requirementsImpeccably smooth framerateConsNo music/ambience noisesSounds are unfinished and sometimes feel out of placeVery scarce amount of loot/buildingsNot much to do other than sled around looking for buildingsNot much variety in mapGlitches but none gamebreaking so farBelow I will go over a few of the points I made above that require more clarification.Minimalist graphicsBut Moses, what do you mean, ""minimalist"" graphics? Well my dear fictional, rhetorical gamer that has been used as an example for my selfish reviewing purposes, what I mean is that the graphics aren't particularly detailed, but they are still appealing. Just by looking at some of the screenshots you can likely tell that this game is pretty, but not because of the HD next-gen graphics. The graphics are very unembellished. Trees look like trees, snow looks like snow, but if you take a close look you can see that it is just a very humble texturing. I am personally very attracted to this style of art but I know a lot of people who do not share my enthusiasm. In the end I suppose it is up to your personal preference.Steady learning curveThe learning curve in this game is very balanced. Over the hour or two that I played the game I was still learning things, but all of the things I needed to know to survive were all somewhat facile to learn. I personally liked this. No mucking around googling how to do things, I was just playing the game and learning as I went. You spawn in and are given a list of controls that seem overwhelming at first, but upon inspection you'll notice that they are all very similar to other games you've likely played. Shift sprints, tab opens the inventory, just like a lot of other games. Upon opening the inventory I was presented with a few self-explanatory buttons that I understood as I clicked them. Upon finding loot I opened my inventory and scrolled through my inventory until I found the item and I immediately understood what it was for. For example a can of food, a crossbow or matches were all very self explanatory and easy to use.Very scarce amount of loot/buildingsButMooosseessssthe point of the game is that it is hard to survive and that food/items are scarce. You are correct, yes, and I appreciate the need to keep food a scarecity in a game like this, but honestly I was just traveling across a very large snowy plain for minutes at a time without seeing anything more than trees and snow, and considering the weather doesn't appear to have an affect on your health just yet, I didn't feel any particular urgency to find somewhere to hunker down.  I feel like there needs to be more to do rather than just riding endlessly across a plain of snow looking for houses to loot. This being said, I do think the developer will have a very easy time defeating this issue as he has a lot of options.SummaryOverall I do not recommend this game for anyone looking for a game to play right this second, though I do believe it is a great investment. It is on sale right now and the game definitely has the foundationsto be a damn good game. Hell, the game as it is is quite fun, it is just lacking a lot of the fundamentals that are required to make the game rewarding to play. The world feels very atmospheric but also very empty at the same time and the audio in the game can be awkward to listen to at times. Taking all of this into account, I can't wait to review the full game when it is released. I am confident this game will be something special."
,Recommended,325210,13070445,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,DJatomica,"Unlike most survival games, this one gives you something to care about other than yourself. Most survival games just need you to watch out for your own stats, but here you need to make sure to take care of your dogs too. I like that aspect, it makes it more difficult (although granted not by much at this point in the game). I'm really looking forward to seeing this game develop."
,Recommended,325210,17276908,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Rocko,"One of th best survival games I've played, in 2 hours I have explored abandoned villages, fed my dogs and myself, took care of a village and killed hostile animals, but most of all it is the feel of the game you will enjoy most. The Eternal Winter is a immersive survival game. I have never seen a game with dogs and a sled. This game is bringing new ideas to the survival genre. There are new updates daily and the game truly grows. There isn't much of a community for this game right now. But if the devs keep doing what they are doing. The game will get bigger and be better than The Long Dark. This game has potential. Now all it needs is time."
76561198100717346,Recommended,325210,20983541,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Einkraut,"This review is for the verison 0.151The first word that comes to my mind, when thinking about this game is charming. And it is, without a doubt.Eternal Winter is a raw project with fantastic and promising ideas and is obviously being made with soul behind it and you can easily see it by looking closer at the details of the world or simply listening to the acoustic tunes while riding your sled in the tundra.As a surviror in this harsh, post-apocalyptic world, your main goal is not only to survive, but to also keep your tribesmen alive by all possible means. Unlike the other survivalist games that try too hard to be gloomy and edgy by pressing your really hard into their depression, this game and its atmosphere don't do that at all, but rather accept that fate and harsh reality all around you, as if saying - yes, all it's gone, yes the conditions are harsh beyond any reasonable measure, but the life goes on and we all have to keep moving. This is one of my favourite ideas and if we are going to see some story, plot in this game - this one might be one major cornerstones of the plot and the core of this game.The idea of riding the sled with faithful and loyal dogs, which you can name, is also rather fresh and not only gives you a better means of travelling/scavenging, but it also simply makes you feel better and not lonely, which this will make you feel a lot, trust me. Although their functions are mostly basic at this point (riding the sled/following you/attacking/defending etc), this another great idea might become an incredible feature later, if given enough support.But wait, there's more! The game actually implements something I've been waiting for far too long and does at its current state rather well - the strategy/adventure elements. The goal is to keep your tribesmen alive by not only scavenging for meat/bullets/medicine and the necessary, literate people, but also make sure the village has enough resources to mantain itself therefore allowing you to build different building, objects, traps all over the world. The only thing left wishing is for devs to implement the RPG elements by adding different survivalist skills/relations between the NPC etc. But it's a long way to that.If you read carefully enough, you might have noticed me mention the word raw a bit, Because it is. While I deeply like the game, the ideas and the progress so far, I have to mention the problems that are obviously there. It's rather unfair to demand from the devs excellent models/animations of characters or sound design, these ares require high profile and experience, so this is not that much of a problem. But when the dog ""falls through the ground"" permanently thus leaving your dogsled with a vital part of it (if all the dogs are gone, so is the dogsled and ALL resources you've gathered so far. And you can't get the dogs back) or some glitches by pressing ESC and Q right after another thus messing the controls of the whole thing a bit or having a negative total mass in your backpack, though to be fair it didn't break the game yet. Some questionable design choices, like when you ride the dogsled, you're fully immersed in this cold, deadly place, but when you leave it - there are GIANS icons of the animals all over the lands. I assume so you could easier notice, but it breaks the immersion and makes it look rather weird.Despite all of this (there are more very minor things that make it a not ideal experience) I wholly recommend this game, because even at the current state - it's a fun and immersive game. I only wish at this point that we had more often updates and full guide from the devs. There are three early access games, which I've ever bought and needless to say it's one of them."
,Recommended,325210,13955130,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,krielc,"This will be my first ever game review, and what prompted it was the absolutely wonderful and spot-on creation that is this ever-growing game (or, if you're a dork like me, it's almost more of a philosophical experience than a game), even incomplete as it is.If you'd like to take off into the great wintery yonder, zipping over the snow to the subtle whisking and scuffing of your sled and the crisp cadence of your mighty dogs' paws, feeling the infinite expanse simultaneously overwhelm and invigorate you with tantalizing glimpses of things as yet undiscovered, buy this. I watched the trailer, nearly died of anticipation while waiting for the release date, bought it the second it was available, and was thoroughly delighted. I will never have any regrets on that front; if I could only ever play this game as it stands now, I'd be getting far more than my money's worth. My computer's a bit of a failure, but this game runs incredibly smoothly on it; beautifully, I'd say, and is updated consistently and with truly exemplary care, thought and communication. In other words, not that I know a single thing about game development, it's being done precisely right.A unique, poignant, and visceral a-roaming of the frigid, haunting and exhilarating post-apocalyptic wilds awaits you. If you grew up (again, like the dork that is me) running around icy landscapes wishing you had a dogsled and nobody to tell you to wear your mittens, it's a thrilling dream come true.But...wear the mittens."
76561197985327066,Recommended,325210,13071743,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,RØDSPÆTTE™,Only 1 man behind it. Help him to make this game big. @the moment its boring but athmosphere is cool. Hope 4 adding soon good contents-buy it-support it-you could be a supporter of a milestone in gamehistory.
76561198222186788,Recommended,325210,15590664,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Kiwi,"I just played this for about 15 minutes and accomplished a few things:-Named a dog (actually 4 of them)-Found a crossbow and bolts-Found water-Found a fox to shoot with my crossbow-Shot at the fox-Missed-Shot again-Missed again-Shot again-Missed again-Ran out of bolts-Wandered around, starving-Game broke and I fell into a big endless pit of orange10/10 would recommendIn all honesty though, I think this game has a lot of potential and I'm excited to see where it goes. Considering it's in alpha, you can't blame the game for breaking slightly. The amount of potential is the biggest highlight of this game, and I can't wait for it to develope just a little bit further."
,Recommended,325210,28182115,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Drakuta,"This game is actually pretty good, simple yet fun survival.As the two recent updates arrived i've seen a not huge, but decent improvement to the game."
76561198011553969,Recommended,325210,14593163,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,markbrad,"Lets get the obvious out of the way, it's alpha and has a long way to go.It is very stable and has content, but you can see a lot of objects in the game that are not interactable, but I hope in future that they will be. At the moment though its just a basic survival game and by that I mean basic, eat, drink, sleep. There is very little in the game other than to do this, it's your sole goal and aim. There has been parallels drawn to The Long Dark, but any survival in the snow will and to be honest this game feels a lot more open, your character and situation feels full of hope, not the 'it's not a case of if but when will I die' that The Long Dark gives you.You have 4 dogs to pull your sled, you have to keep them fed and watered too. And this is the first thing that doesn't fit, you only seem to be able to feed the dogs meat (which you get via hunting). Now I have an Alaskan Malmute and it'll eat anything, as most dogs will. OK I don't feed it anything in the cupboards but if you're in a survival situation and you have to keep your dogs alive to live then I'm sure they wouldn't turn their nose up at a loaf of bread and tinned beans.Second is the hunting, I hit a wolf with 3 arrows and it didn't show any signs of giving up...in fact it killed me. Ducks are a easier target, I've seen deer but never had a crossbow at the time to attempt a kill.As the only thing to do seems to be to search houses and cars looking for food and water (and maybe a gun and crossbow) then it gets repetative quick, especially as the content and map seems to be static (eg on the times I've played a new game I always start in the same place and the houses all have the same items). In fact with the game in it's current state you only have to focus on finding 1 thing, a hunting weapon. Without this you cannot hunt and provide raw meat (the only thing your fussy dogs will eat). If your dogs die it's pretty much over. Once you have a weapon then you have meat, you have snow to boil for water and it's pretty much 'I win', there is little else to drive you to continue playing at this point other than the RPG voice in yoor own head.It's early alpha and all this could change, the game is at a delicate point in it's development. I feel it was designed more as a 'working demo' and now it's getting a following the dev looks lost as to which way to continue with the game and what to make it into. A sandbox crafting/survival or a story driven game. There is no road map and he is actively asking questions like 'What should I do next?' This could either be a game driven by gamers into a great game or simply a mis-mash of a game that doesn't know what it's trying to be.It has masses of potiential and even at this stage is very atmospheric. Depending on the dev's focus it this could be a cult classic. It's worth jumping in and investing in this at it's current price before it increases and seeing what it turns into."
,Not Recommended,325210,31550576,Posted: 4 May,all,Dr John Galt,"Really loved the idea, but the execution just didn't work.A few of the things I noticed after playing for a while:~controls are loose~gun/bow seem to be broken; I do more damage with the machete~co-op is horrible; only the host can actually talk to the NPCs, build things, etc. the others can only sled around and gather resources~buggy as hell; for example my sled would occasionally get stuck in the ground~after the first storm (day 5) the game seemed to bump me back to day 2 (and it sent the other player in my game to day 1)Also, there wasn't any type of tutorial and very little direction. I don't mind experimenting to figure things out, but having some of the mechanics clearly explained would have been nice.The game has potential if the co-op is improved and the other issues corrected. But def not worth the full price (or even the $6 sale price I paid)."
,Not Recommended,325210,18314652,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Juice,"Short Review:  Love the concept but needs a bit more love from development until I can really recommend it.Longer review:  This has the potential to be a great servival game.  Not only surviving yourself, but sustaining a village community and currently 4 pups.  I love how you have to go out and hunt/search for items to bring back to camp but there are a few issues I have with the current state of the game.  A few things that don't quite make sense, and definitely several bugs and lack of explination as to how things should work.You are able to pick different traits for the dogs but I still have not figured out how to hunt with them.  My dogs either stand by and watch me get eaten (even though I have one on attack and follow), or don't understand the concept of chasing animals like geese and fox.  The only successful animal I am able to attack with the dog is boar (2 meat!).I feel like there are too many houses for how little you can find in them.  I searched a community of about 20 houses and only found a book of matches and some arrows.You start with an axe, and there are a ton of trees around, but you can't chop them down.  In order to get wood, you have to build a lumber shop which currently seems to spawn 1 piece of wood per day.  What I find really cool is that you can't build multiple lumber shops next to each other, they must be 400m apart.  I would be even more behind this if instead of starting with an axe, you start with a hunting knife.  Just makes much more sense.Travel is pretty fluid, graphics are very nice for the style.  Game works and is playable to a degree but when you get attacked by an animal, and your ""best friend"" doesn't jump in to help, you are dead.  Very frustrating to die that way.  I have yet to kill something with an axe before it kills me.  Often times it doesn't even feel like I'm landing hits even though im swinging an AXE at this animals HEAD.Will definitely revisit this game after a couple updates!"
76561198136863500,Recommended,325210,24585074,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Canadian Constitution,"I have not replayed in a while so i may not have credibility but ever since i bought the game for $0.98ish cents i have enjoyed it. Enternal Winter may not have the Long Dark's content but they are constantly updating. When I left there was lack lustre content, broken dogs, and my sled glitched through the ice when i got out of it (I RAGED quite a bit), and there was no loot or very little loot. Now that im back I find that i can finally recommend it. The Devs have been active and they have not shown any symptoms to EAGA(Early Access Game Abandonment).P.S Hey devs if you read this can I be put into a village as a dead dude. thanks"
,Recommended,325210,13081839,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Adam,"Eternal Winter has an extremely intriguing and interesting concept. I like survival games in general, it's fun to adapt to your surroundings and find weapons and food.However, this is so awesome because you look after your huskies too, so you can ride across the beautiful landscape. You discover many different buildings as you go along, and there's something humbling about returning to your fire-lit home each day.The fact that it's in early access is incredible. I recommend this game as the gathering support helps out and I can't wait to see the later updates added.:D Very good game!"
,Recommended,325210,19996182,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,lukkk,"This Game stopped me from playing Fallout 4, it's amazing. The idea with the Dogs and how these Guys made it can be verry emotional. It's a verry close athmospheric feeling and the great music does a big part to it. If you like Dogs, great Music and a verry relaxing athmosphere i have to ask why you still reading this and not playing yet. If you don't like these things (I don't think it's possible, but just in case) please buy it anyway, ok? Just to give these Guys the Chance to make a unique Game and they will make it.8.5/10"
76561198081308608,Recommended,325210,14486348,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Duregar,Impressive for a delelopment team of one teenager. Glad I supported this game.
,Recommended,325210,22127707,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,J.McIntosh,"First thing first, this game is rough around the edges. I'm not talking graphical wise. I'm talking gameplay.I like it, it has it's spot in my library for sure. It's calming but needs ironed out of course.Your Dogs instantly die in EXTREMELY shallow. water, when I was path planing on the map it was a crossable path. As I got closer I saw water on the surface. I thought nothing of it, there was no warning of WATUR = INSTA DETH! Which would've been nice. Especially since it was once again. Extremely shallow.I like the whole concept of the game, just simple gathering and providing for your village.The running pace is slow as♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the dogs seem to tire quickly for the vast map presented.Is this a bad thing? Not necessarily. Depends on one's opinion.Do I like it? Yeah it's not bad.Would I recommend it? Sure, but be warned with it's quirks.******ALSO KINDA IMPORTANT AND ALMOST FORGOT!*******If you don't have a saved game and you click continue, you kinda have to ALT + F4 to quit the game because you can't get back into the main menu for some reason."
76561198104166626,Recommended,325210,20404834,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Red_Hawk,"After playing a little im fairly impressed by what one guy can do.This game is like The Long Dark with more building,NPCs and your dog sled.It is being commonly updated and has alot of potential for the future.The map is fairly big and the survival aspect is pretty good."
76561198044070194,Recommended,325210,13108174,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Muddymutt,"If you don't mind very basic graphics (it is in alpha, not a problem) this game has incredible potential!!!  The controls and object interaction are instinctive and the concept is sound.  Needs a brief tutorial for the ""least common denominator"" (i.e. console gamers..lol) Should also add either a goal (find civilization) or the ability to ""win"" (survive for X amount of time).  Running around in the wilderness with just a bunch of dogs to keep you company, with no goal (other than to get to the next meal) will get dull after a few hours.  For an Alpha, 4 out of 5 stars.  Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,325210,13073040,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,BillyR,"The game looks good and runs very smooth. It is very early access so if you want to help support the development of this project then by all means buy the game. If your not into the whole early access thing then don't buy yet. It does the project no good if someone buys in early access development then comes back and down votes and flames the project, just saying. The game shows a solid framework and I look forward to seeing it through further development."
76561198112981059,Recommended,325210,13076138,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,choglit,"Ok so its early days but i like the idea behind this game.Its abit like salt,but in the snow.......look forward to see where this is going."
76561198042261571,Recommended,325210,25579631,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Jamie,"Impressive for something still in alpha and still fixing things.If you're looking to get lost in the snow for a while, consider Eternal Winter. It's not as evil as Don't Starve, but when it comes to survival, these games are probably cousins in the same ""Haha, You Suck! Now You're Going to Die Because You're Inept!"" Survival Games. The graphics are fairly simple and yet the snowy landscape is just beautiful to look at. You're not alone out there with your village and it's a competition for survival. It only makes that beautiful night sky that much more depressing.You're given weapons, a sled team (DOGGIES!), some basic resources, and some buddies so you can all hopefully not die together. Your pals at your village have some basic advice which you'll hopefully heed...or you can go run off into the wilderness with just your long underwear.This game really doesn't give you much instruction on how to do anything. There's no tutorial level. There are helpful reminders on what E does in each screen, but otherwise you're on your own on what button does what. Good thing is that you've probably used these buttons dozens of times in other games and they still do similar in this game. It's a minor annoyance that there's absolutely nothing there, but you'll get over it.Finding food can also be absolutely terrible and daunting. That's why I've paused. I'm afraid to go back to hunt for food right now. There are animals out there that want to eat me and my puppies. Yikes. I also failed to track a deer. Otherwise there was absolutely no food to find. Listen I get we're in some snowy wasteland but that was really difficult and frustrating.I'm also a total waste at shooting the gun. At least I have other weapons, but really? Thankfully I can avoid combat with other humans for the most part, but I really need food here. This is another minor annoyance and I'm sure I'll get better at it with time.The worst I've found is that it's a bit buggy. The graphics vanished at one point and I was left with this strange orange wasteland I walked around until I decided to start a new game. Such is the problem with alpha, but it seems like bugs get ironed out fairly quickly so I'm not too worried about that.Truthfully, there's something appealing to building your own village of wasteland dwellers and trying to survive in the cold. I have a bias towards town building and managing their needs. With a giant map to explore and things to scavenge, this seems like a sure thing and I'm optimistic about the future of this game.There's nothing worrying for a health warning so far. No blinking lights. No disco rave. You've got stars dotting the sky and a warm fire's glow. Those two things are worth mentioning just in case, but I don't think that'll spark your migraine or light sensitivity unless you're incredibly sensitive. But uh, you know. This is a video game. Act with caution when you game."
,Recommended,325210,24928158,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Tag Wolf,Really needs some polish. Sled stops instantly when braking. All characters look identical. Models needs some love and variance. Gameplay and Menus need work etc.But at the core mechanics there's potential there. And looks like the developer updates frequently.I'd keep an eye on it. I think if more love is put into it it'll be a nice alternative to the long dark during down time.
,Recommended,325210,20411386,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Eva Pearl,"This game is a lot of fun to play if you like lone survival games. The gameplay is entertaining and will keep your interest as you explore the land and expand your settlement. Some of the mechanics are a bit challenging, but the game is immersive enough to make up for those challenges.It is easy enough to set up a steam controller to make the gameplay mechanics more friendly."
,Recommended,325210,15599676,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Axleisonfire,This a straight up survival sim with a twist.It puts you in charge of four lives (and your own).This makes you take tough decisions. Do I run from the wolf? Do I kill it for its meat? Do i give the meat to my dogs?This game looks low res and basic and i'll grant you it is but (prepare for cliche) it has potential and with weekly updates and multiplayer on the horizon who knows what this could become.TL:DR 10/10 would shoot wolves again.
,Recommended,325210,20615695,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,YouTube.com/ManRat,"Its a great game, takes time to get use to the way it looks and feels, but worth the purchase."
,Recommended,325210,17261364,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,ZLn1,"Enernal Winter's visuals are absolutely stunning!!I can't wait for the next game update! Definetly a 10/10 from me. I expected this game to be good but after about 30 minutes of playing, it blew my expectations out of the water! I'm so excited for this game to be fully released because of all the potential it has! Enteral Winter is definetly worth the money. The art style is beautiful, the soundtrack is soothing, the game mechanic is ingenious and overall an extraordinary game."
76561198280314771,Recommended,325210,34403771,Posted: 21 August,all,NexisNorthwest,As someone who grew up with a dad who ran sled dogs i am struck with soo much nostalgia. I am now very excited to see what things will be added in the future.Great job!
76561197971570389,Recommended,325210,13072241,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Game Hard 4.0,"ETERNAL WINTER.Its you and your loyal dogs against a harsh environment. I hade great fun in this early alpha staged game.and i actually started caring for my dogs.They helped me get where i wanned to go, and i did my best to keep them safe.The game runs smooth, and i dident see many bugs. Maybe i was lucky. I will  be following this game as it developescause it has great potential.Killed a wolf ! Feed my dogs with it :Dhttp://youtu.be/9DH3s511k7E"
76561198104089191,Recommended,325210,13079397,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Bushi Neko,"O.1 Version.Very very bare bones. But off to a good start I would say. Not a lot to 'do' at this point, and death is not such a horror lurking over your shoulder, but it will be....Big plus is the dog sled. You have the boon of having transport to help you move supplies and travel out to roam further, but you have to tend to the dog team also... so you have 4 more mouths to feed in exchange for the benefits of having them to help out."
76561198082562032,Recommended,325210,13070350,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Œ.VÍÐARR,"I cant wait for the next update! fun game its stable havnt noticed any bugs yet, its worth its price."
,Recommended,325210,14698010,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,tears of soy,"Eternal Winter puts you out in the cold with just you and your dogs.Pros-enjoyable graphical style-nice game concept-very relaxing-beautiful world-very large world as well, I haven't reached any sort of barrier yetCons-after about 30 minutes the game gets repetitive, with no extra challenge added-there is no soundtrack, so the game gets boring quickly-combat isn't engaging at all-animals to hunt and some supplies are very sparseOverall, I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys survival games. It is still being developed, and co-op mode sounds interesting. It's worth the 10$ easily, and will only get better."
,Recommended,325210,27731188,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ZZ,"Ive only played this game for a bit now but its a lot of fun exploring the world, hunting, and surviving the winter. Highly recommend this game if you like exploration games. Looking forward in seeing where this game goes."
,Recommended,325210,19421721,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,CthulhuRises,"I am a huge fan of winter themed settings, games, books, movies, etc. When I play Pathfinder or DnD, it is usually in a winter setting. When I write a new story/book it is often somehow tied to autumn/winter. So, when I see a game named ""Eternal Winter"" I'm totally on board to give it a try.Eternal Winter is truly an enjoyable, atmospheric, and immersive game. While the graphics may seem cheap or low quality at first glance, after playing for a while you will begin to notice the beauty of the world created here. The changing times of day, the weather effects, and the simplicity of the graphics and objects gives the game an almost hand brushed feel. That, along with the music, creates an experience that will make you feel cold--even sitting in the warmth of your own room. And occasionally coming along a dead and frozen body can be a strangely disquieting experience.Now, with those things being said, there are a few initial things I found that are bothersome--keeping in mind this is an early access game. First of all, there are occasional problems with the text boxes in the game. Sometimes words overlap, get cut off, or disappear off the side of the screen. This can make updates, instructions, notices, item names, etc. hard to read at times.Second, I can never seem to find a way to exit the game proper once I have started. It may just be I missed something, but I always have to hit my Windows button to exit the game. Hitting the esc does nothing. I tried a bunch of different keys and buttons with no exit or return to main menu option.Third, there is a map of the game world which will need to be referenced often. However, you CAN'T view the map while riding the dog sled. If you want to check the map you have to whistle for the dogs to stop, hop off the sled, open the inventory menu, and then open the map. It would be preferable to open the map with one keystroke from wherever you are at the time.Fourth, there is A LOT of open space in the world. It would be nice if there were a few more places, landmarks, embellishments to make the longer stretches of snowy landscape interesting.Lastly, there was a lot of detail spent on making the dogs, objects, ice, sunsets, etc. look good. I emphasize the dogs because they are very good looking models and fit into the world well. However, the other ""people/villagers/survivors"" etc. are really poor looking. They all look exactly the same and the design is odd. It doesn't fit with the rest of the world here. They are sort of jarring and can break the immersion at times--especially when one of them is just standing in the middle of nowhere like they've got nothing better to do. I'd like to see a variety of other people, women, men, children, of different sizes and shapes. And I wish they would look a little more realistic like the dogs. Even just one male and one female model or at least changing the color of the jackets would be an improvement over what we currently have.In the end my one main wish for the game would be to have multiple maps, or to have a way where the world is randomly generated when you begin a new game. It would add some interest and variety to the game.I can't compare this game to The Long Dark since I have not played the later--although I would like to at some point. However, based on looking at gameplay and screenshots, they seem awfully similar. Eternal Winter, at a glance, appears as the poor man's version of The Long Dark. However, that doesn't mean Eternal Winter doesn't have merit. It does. It is an extremely enjoyable and immersive experience. And, at the moment, it is fairly inexpensive.So, if you enjoy immersive games, atmospheric games, survival games, or just plain enjoy winter time, you'll probably enjoy this game.EDIT: Just wanted to point out that there is now a varitey of different types of people in my village and throughout the game, including women, children, and men. Whether they were there before and I just missed them or just added in I'm not sure. Either way, it is nice and adds to the immersion of the game.Also, as a side note, I get occasional drops in frame rate whenever I'm close to or inside a building."
76561198116492961,Recommended,325210,13286315,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Tarfun,"Truly enjoyable experience. It is indie, but i love the game all the more for it. There are some things which confuse you when you first start (for example the menu key is bound at 'p' rather than 'esc') but i assure everyone that this WILL amuse and entertain, in a good way.8/10 (will be 10/10 once co-op is brought in, its currently in planning)."
76561198157067211,Recommended,325210,19279428,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Nissanman,Great Survival game with active dev support
,Recommended,325210,24207518,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,DaDrunkenVingman,"I'll admit it, the game is a bit messy at times but other than that the game is fun and enjoyable, and the developers have a lot of room to be creative here, oh by the way I just wanted to let you guys know you should look some more at bullet drop and add some more physics and feels to the gun and the crossbow."
,Recommended,325210,18436994,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,k a l i x x a,"Took my dogs out for a ride leaving the frozen bums in my villageWent down the road a bitRealized I couldn't gather wood with axe, but had to build a mill instead..Still didn't get any woodBuilt safehouse thoughWent to cook food which required matches which I didn't have.Decided to go check out an abandoned looking house.Got attacked by a wild boar which I hacked at with my axe.The boar rekt my♥♥♥♥♥♥Sleeping in my sleeping bag didn't save my gameGameover10/10"
,Recommended,325210,18440986,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Pete Athlete,"The concept and atmosphere are good, the music is fitting. Still, it seems to me this game is going to need multiple overhauls and lots of time and effort. Progress is clearly being made, though, and I don't think the game will be abandoned soon. If you want something simple and relaxing, as opposed to hardcore survival, then this game is good even as it is.Some other reviewers talk about the ""zen"" they find in this game. If that's your thing, then this game probably fits your demands. Don't take it from me though, because it's not mine."
,Recommended,325210,19419408,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,ChezQuinn,"The game itself is ok. I'm waiting for the co-op tho. Still buggy of course. Some buildings are floating in the air haha. I did play this when it first came out and now this village mode came out and made me want to play it. still buggy as crap. the tutorial needs some work. I think there is some words that shouldn't be there like ""however eventually you will ""not"" find any more crates"" Dont think that Not is suppose to be there. As a early access I enjoyed playing even with my low playing hrs"
,Recommended,325210,22189377,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Max,AMAZING
,Recommended,325210,29915956,Posted: 13 February,all,Cold Glass of Water <F4T4L>,"It has potential, just right now it looks like play dough"
76561198153004165,Recommended,325210,30623336,Posted: 19 March,all,astrid710,"It has potential. I've had this game in my library for about two year since the last time I've played it. In the begining it was permadeath and no villagers to help you. Scavanging was the way to play. Now, you hunt, impact the ecosystem, and race against time to survive storms. There is no tutorial set within the game.Some tips and tricks: Set up at least two wood cutters in the begining of the game. If you start off with raw meat in your inventory, try to send as many villagers to hunt as you can on the first few days.Two mechanics I wish the developer would bring back are the designated fishing spots and the sleeping bag option to save the game. Meat can be really hard to come by if you've died and travling back to the village just to save is a waste of time.I really want to see this game improve more. It has no back story, no quests, and is simply just survival and chill (pun intended)In comparison to The Long Dark it is less suspenceful and more relaxing.Good points: Relaxing, can be Improved uponSad points: Buggy and no progression of any story whatsoever"
76561198076853482,Recommended,325210,18358605,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,lilen,First game) Gliched out my dog restart :PSecond game) Went around got supplies killed two wolves two deer four penguins and tried to run over another. Found bullets no gun and still had a blast. Then I lost my sled :P looked for two days :P Maybe we need a way to call those stupid dogs back. OH! I did figure out how to place to water collection and the lumbermill. My villigers are morons in three days they collected one wood. Maybe next time I will place it outside the village next to the forest :P Kept my attenchion at least three hours. Is it like Long Dark? In some ways but here I am trying to survive and keeping those resiliant beasts alive to. You can not count on the morons back at the village to do much. All in all I am glad I bought the game. Going to be fun when it is done.
,Recommended,325210,15785440,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Larry,Eternal winter is a good idea but has a long way to go before it is anything more than a trial of the full game. Buy it if you want to support the developer (he seems like a very nice guy) and hope that game turns into something amazing.
,Recommended,325210,14700015,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,flipnugs,"From the second I could name my dogs (Luna, Fenix, Marx, Shadow) to the early minutes of gameplay I can confirm this game is going to be awesome. With the earliest stages still being very basic  it still has such a great atmosphere and captures you in its vast basic beauty with rich smooth gameplay. What this survival game does, that no other survival game does, it gives you that overwhelming sense of protection and companionship with those dogs! The whole entire time I play I just want to do right by my pups and make sure they are fed and safe. Come into my first small village, whistle my dogs to a stop and go around to unhook luna from her harnest to journey with me further into the small village, shes my hunter and then... *YELP* I cringed inside literally.. I hear one of my dogs yelp in pain as we were leaving and I turn to see Marx getting mauled by a huge white wolf! I felt Marx's pain in my bones it was awful!I unleashed the attack mode on Luna dog and she and Xavi went to town on that wolf! Although Marx escaped with minor injuries, I was so mad at myself for not being able to protect my buddy! What I wasnt expecting but what really sealed the deal for me supporting this game is it gave me that same awesome rush that other survival games do in that moment; Like in DayZ for example, your traveling through a city and every thing seems calm, you feel safe to a point, and... that first crack of gun near by or that bullet whistling past your ear, it just makes your heart drop for a second and that is exactly what I want in a survival game.No other genre then survival games give you that burst of adrenaline and energy through sets of dynamic situations played out over the course of a game with the addition of that I dont want to lose it all feeling in your gut.Some survival games capture that, some survival games don't, and then theres the gems like Eternal Winter.I support Eternal Winter one hundred percent, and personally can't wait for further develope and watch it unfold into the complete game you can clearly see it is going to be.Support Eternal Winter people!"
,Recommended,325210,28942768,Posted: 2 January,all,Luka EUW Tadic(nemam routera),"I got in on sale for 1.99 euros. Co-op is verry buggy, but considering that the developing team is made of 2 men Eternal Winter is worth a try.Just, be a little faster with developing guys, it won't hurt."
76561198119889992,Recommended,325210,31593328,Posted: 6 May,all,AnimalLovinNerd,"I am very torn with this game. I love the aesthetic and the basic core of the game, but there are still some things that do need improvement. It is incredibly difficult to get past the first storm so i think the whole aspect of collecting food shouldnt be quite as difficult. But I love how incorporated the sled dogs are, how tactile you have to be when hunting larger game, and how the village is set up. I wish that the building was a little more immersive though, and it could definitely use some polishing. Overall i found this game to be a fun experience that could be even more fun with some tlc and bug improvement. Also some tutorial would be exponentially helpful."
76561198022182244,Recommended,325210,14835618,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Rogred,"A great game! Yes,it does kinda looks like TLD, but the Dev said clearly that he took inspiration from that game and others.Overall, the game is still missing some features, but they will be added, like....COOP! :DThis game is like a 8/10 atm, but worth checking out!EDIT 1: Came back after months of not playing and wasn't diissapointed. It's amazing what a couple of people can do. Good luck with the game! Buena suerte con todo."
,Recommended,325210,15591713,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,GRIZZLY 灰熊,First off I love huskies and I love the environment. Most importantly the game just sucks you in and it is fun. It is a great game.
76561198159235395,Recommended,325210,29122727,Posted: 8 January,all,Celeron,"This game is great just by playing only a few minutes, mechanics of the game are coming along great, animals look amazing. This game has huge potential. Very excited for the future of this game"
,Recommended,325210,15971087,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Houser_The_Unicorn,One of my dogs died and my sled couldn't move faster than one or two miles per hour so I killed the remaining dogs and ate them.I recommend this game to everyone.
,Recommended,325210,34566341,Posted: 28 August,all,FaoWolf,"Kinda fun but a little more empty than I expected. Interesting though, might be fun for some people."
76561197995142404,Recommended,325210,29660472,Posted: 2 February,all,Sarxis,"I can't help but love Eternal Winter.  A winter survival game that is relaxing, quaint, and thoroughly enjoyable.  The easy, simple gameplay, pleasing graphics and beautiful soundtrack are delightful and leave me relaxed everytime I play.  It is not a deep game, but for the price is worth the serene experience you will have."
,Recommended,325210,22218956,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,The Mancunian Gamer,18 Minutes in I could allready tell this will be a great game when done. Im deffinately glad I invested. Its just one of those low budget titles that captures the imagination and with a full skillset implemented and maybe a coop mode (On its way) I think il deffinately jumping back in to this relaxing survival sim.7/10
76561198041692463,Recommended,325210,23829540,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Stevo,"It is ok, but it needs a LOT more content."
76561198100817737,Recommended,325210,23930877,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,palauisland,"This game definitely deserves a chance! The developer is eager to improve, with a big update on the way. The simplicity in visuals is a welcome change of paste, the gameplay is a nice mixture of calmness, looting and hunting action.A coop-mode is in the making.Give this game and this developer a chance. It´s not perfect, but it is definitely coming along nicely. How many products are there on Steam where this is not the case.Thumbs up!"
,Recommended,325210,23849941,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ウィアブー,"This game is amazing, it feels very peacefull and yet it's a game about saving your village from a hostle enviorment. It really feels like you are surviving out there. Totally worth a try."
76561198143953805,Recommended,325210,28130776,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Exqressions,"Can people have patience!? Its still an EARLY ACCESS!!!! Why do people not recommend this game? I love it, honestly. Even though theres the lag, I still like it. I can't wait for more updates!"
,Recommended,325210,34675167,Posted: 1 September,all,One Whammy Sammy,"Alright, I'm not to happy.The game was amazing when I first still is a good game but i miss being a village Cheif and now i'm Cheif of a research expidition. I give the game a thumbs up.Pros:-REALLY relaxing-Sooth music-You can name your dogs(any wise man or women would name them after greek gods)-Not hard to run-Fun hunting and gathering-Fun buildingCons:-Dog animation is not he best I would belive dog sleding would be a bit harder- To baren not enough to explore- Needs more loreOverall rating would be  a wonderful 7/10"
,Recommended,325210,25844453,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Kendrick the GOAT,"I only recommend this game if you perfer slow paced games that emmerse you into the world around you. If you enjoy shooty shooty bang bang games that are all about action packed gunfights, this game may not be for you (although I enjoy my fair share of shooty shooty bang bang games and still like this game)There is definitly more to be done with this game, but it IS alpha, and it's doing damn well.I recommend giving this game a try if you enjoy slow paced survival games."
,Recommended,325210,14664267,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,WhiteKnife,Very enjoyable game. I can't wait to see what the future holds for this.https://novogamer.com/71/games-to-check-out---eternal-winter
,Recommended,325210,17429335,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Reikon9,Please don't screw this up. its going to be a good game but for now its a no. but please support the devs. idk maybe buy their game?
76561198190950259,Recommended,325210,17441949,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Whitefang101,"I really love this game, especially since the last update. With a village to care for you tend to try and stay closer to home, whereas before I just left my home for good. But having a village takes away the suspense of being alone and replaces it with immense responsibility. But I love this game. Its great for solo player who love a tricky survival simulator.P.S. Great for dog lovers (Maybe)RIPWolf (My dog)"
76561198136572045,Recommended,325210,20185773,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,LordTylesTheMan55,"Awesome game for Early Access!I bought it on sale but even at full price this game is worth every penny.This game has me addicted to it already. I only have 75 mins clocked so far and im enjoying every moment of it.Challenges around every corner making the game easy to get into at first but makes you work for it after just a few game  days.Placeable buildings which help with the growth of your village and can ease the tention when food gets low.Weather simulation of snow storms only gives you a small window to gather food and resources for your village and makes it really tough to tread threw when your running out of food and get cocky! [ I consider myself humbled ]Pros : Great devs, consistant updates and bug fixes, great gameplay and really stable game for alpha.Cons : Nothing...Wish it would go online multiplayer with saveable maps but this game is in alpha so who knows where it will go in the next few months/years but in my opinion i think this should be released on Xb-one and ps4 in the future for sure.I strongly recommend this game to any person who likes survival games and looking for a bit of a challange."
76561198001936711,Recommended,325210,21875858,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Mud,"A game to play and relax, but very annoying that the game selfdestruct with a few hours of play time.The dogs are bugged after reload a saved game, I hope this bug gets fixed."
,Recommended,325210,17253247,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Hariwulf,What was good just got better.You'll love it!
76561197980332342,Recommended,325210,20036037,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,rontonik,"Just played for a bit. Game looks very nice for its gender. I liked  to control the dogs. What for the guns if you do not have ammo? At start the player takes the rifle, bow and knife, and no any ammo. Thanks my dog hunted a few animals already. Set waypoint on map but no any sign of it in game, neither compass shows the way to it.Need the button for map a part of Inventory menu for faster access. The game is EA, of course, is very basic, let see how it will be when it is complete.I played a bit more. Compass shows the way only to villiage. You only have the resources to build 3 collectors of wood, metal and water. Finally I found other settlement with a few crates with some supplies.Rifle did not sirve for anything, it does not shoot on animal but you can shoot to snow.Entered to the village and when I went back only had 3 dogs, in spite of I feeded and cured all of them. On next turn, I only had 1 dog. The gate killed them?  Whatever...I got bored fast. Anyways it is the game for kids."
,Recommended,325210,13788868,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,[SWE] Petter1229,"Not only is this game an exciting survival game, but the idea of the dogs and taking care of them is pretty damn cool as well.10/10"
76561198147351497,Recommended,325210,17366786,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,decemberman90,"Rarely do I find a game that envelopes me so much. Eternal Winter has this simple yet deep charm to it. You play as what seems like a village leader, thus comes the responsibility to keep your village alive. You go out and seek out every bit of supplies that is needed, you can send out others to do the same. While you are out, you have a beautiful wilderness to explore. Animals are out to get you, but not in an annoying way. Random supplies can be found. This is really what a survival game should be; Simple yet beautiful. 10/10 in my book."
76561198053790698,Recommended,325210,17446966,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,AnthroposTheou,"You can tell that this game still has a ways to go, but it is certainly still playable and enjoyable in its current state. It is unlike any of the other survival games out there, and any fan of the genre will likely have a good time."
,Recommended,325210,24709507,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Ksywlaug,"It has one of the most beautiful sky view ever. And the soundtrack, you will love it. But for overall, wait till it gets done. Because if it doesn't it's not a game for the money you give. Go get Terraria first.Keep it up devs!"
76561198134453783,Recommended,325210,17301941,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Yung Nuts,Great game and shows so much potential. The only thing i request is a map so i know where i am going. Its worth the price.
,Recommended,325210,19249460,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,War Snipez,It seems Like a game with alot of potential but the controls are a little hard to figure out.
76561198111983167,Recommended,325210,17300711,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Thecrowdevil,This is a game like no other i played right now its an alpha and there are nor much things in it but its still fun and has much potential for me its a game that deserves support good luck :-)
,Recommended,325210,20307911,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Disasterbenz,GOD i love this game so far i hope you are able to finish this game!
,Recommended,325210,24676581,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Tropical,Love it. The art style is WONDERFUL. The music is awesome. Lacks content BUT its early access so I hope that will get fixed in the future. Im enjoying this SO much with my friends. I highly recommend it to anyone reading this. THANK YOU DEVELOPER.
,Recommended,325210,26021620,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,BLOODFARTS,"VERY RELAXING... It's a fun and easy game to play. I've only just gotten past my first storm and i think the hardest thing for me right now is constantly hunting. I want to keep building my village but, I just don't have the resources yet. I love this game. It's a little buggy, animals don't spawn enough (IMO) and where they do spawn is kinda predictable, but all in all I have no complaints about this game. It's goregeous."
,Not Recommended,325210,18244249,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,[Tech] Knoar,"Imagine if The Long Dark and Unturned had a miscarriage.  It was hard for me to not recommend this game, but as of right now, that is the case.  Not enough to do, and too many game-breaking bugs.  However, it is surprising how beautiful the sky and snow can get in such a simple looking game.  Aesthetically, given the simpleness of the art style, it's still pleasant to look at.This game has a little potential.  I would get it if $6 or under, but otherwise I'd wait.Update 4/10/16: They keep updating the game, and trying to make it better, but it is still unplayable due to game-killing bugs, like one of your dogs going♥♥♥♥♥♥up for no reason."
,Recommended,325210,24743143,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,LFer21,"Got it for 5 €, it's a funny game with an innovative concept of survival, but at the moment a bit too easy in my opinion.Once you understand how it works and where to find things you will survive easily every storm."
,Recommended,325210,23630089,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,LINEN,这游戏不错      各项都比较好  就是没汉化   希望越来越好
76561198067851784,Not Recommended,325210,27392748,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,NWbyNW,"It is a shame, this game has potential and I have been following since the beginning.  But then, poor choices started being made in my opinion.  The premise, and how the game originally was, started out was great!  You are in a remote cold wilderness with only your village, that is awesome and it seemed believable. But update after update I started to see the negative pop in.  With that said, this game has many positives that I will explain below.  Don't let these negatives scare you off, because you might love what I dislike. This review will change as the game cahnges.NEGATIVESTo start, what is with this ridiculous alien looking stuff scattered around the map?  What started out as a humble game in an Alaskan or Canadian wilderness, turned into a strange, almost foreign wilderness that isn't believable anymore.The second major update got rid of the wonderful first map the game had and turned it into strange islands connected by snow drifts . . . it was as dumb as it sounds.I loved this game in it's earliest stages with the first map that had small towns scattered around, and places to explore.  It was more realistic, and not this goofy fantasy world it is now. I hate to see something that had so much promise go so far the wrong way.POSITIVESWhat this game does right is many things.  The music is relaxing and wonderful.  The scenery and nature is simplistic, but at times you do feel lost out there as the stars loom over your head.  The graphics continue to get better and the sense of place, and atmosphere is there.  They have done a wonderful job at capturing this (it just gets ruined when you find an alien beacon, or weirdly shaped rocks that look unnatural).The sense of calm yet, inside urgency to get supplies before the next storm is always there.  Sometimes it is hard to feel that urgency with the peaceful music, but when you realize your village depends on you to get supplies before the storm, you feel that pressure.Simple customization of your dogs was a nice touch.This game does something in a really cool setting, and I hope they can stay on track with that focus.CONCLUSIONI am sure the creators have great intentions, and they have improved many things such as game mechanics, and graphics, but it is quickly turning into a game I don't care for anymore due to some poor choices.  This isn't the original game I supported, and that is really unfortunate.  I wish I could give this game a mixed review, but I can't.  This game does many things right, but the few things it does wrong are so jarringly out there, it will have you scratching your head."
76561198056030238,Recommended,325210,28796454,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,sruPL,"Game needs a lot of work from Devs and is hardly playable at the moment (nothing much to do, not much content), but from first view looks great and has huge potential for future."
,Recommended,325210,25795452,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Stewie,"Amazing game, from hunting out with your dogs to finding abandoned ruins and plane crash sites. Eternal Winter is a great game to learn about survival, it is such a good game to play with friends and it never gets boring! Eternal Winter is still a early access game which means there are bugs but they can be fixed by reporting them, there is a higher chance of your ideas/problems being brought to life and fixed in the update. The devs 80% of the time respond back, usually if they don't i do to help out the Eternal Winter community as i find this a golden oppourtunity with not many people on the fourms so i can reply. This game is so amazing, even to just to casually play with your friends or at late night with a pizza beside you, the game is visually stunning and so peaceful.In Eternal Winter you can hunt, gather food, build, repopulate a population, build a village or continue and expand the village you start in, visit ruins, find abandoned crash sites, go on a sled with your dog, craft, build buildings, grow a community, playing with friends and there is so much more. Of course there are going to be bugs as it is a early access, there are multiple updates right now in September and October 2016 as the devs are adding more and new things. One thing the game lacks is accessibilty but i have already posted that in the fourms, the devs need to create a guide so users can understand how to play the game and support for the steam controller / Xbox 1 controller/ PS4 controller and PC controller but i'm pretty sure they are already on to that :Steamhappy: . I do not have any other problems with Eternal Winter apart from that and bugs but bugs will rarely appear as devs are alive in the fourms responding to most of the discussions.As my review comes to an end i would like to say Eternal Winter is definately a game you would want to buy, the game has a lot of potential and the potential is being filled, Eternal Winter is a great survival game and i'm sure they will add a story to make the game have more of a theme/feel. Eternal Winter is a peaceful game that you can play at night or in the mornings as it does not require you to think much, Eternal Winter is a game i love and hope you do to, the game is still getting updates but...more is coming.-TheHornyEnglishMan     *D!ck imprint as signiture*"
76561198319312928,Recommended,325210,30159140,Posted: 24 February,all,sneakijames,I can't wait until there is more added. Lets go DEVS.
,Recommended,325210,28771701,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,zSecurity,"Can't go wrong for $2, tons of potential would like to see it grow."
,Recommended,325210,24540251,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Water,I like it :3
76561198064482227,Recommended,325210,13171703,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,americajuana,Was having a little fun then a wolf came and attacked me and game froze .
,Not Recommended,325210,29697204,Posted: 4 February,all,Radikate,"For what it is right now, it's pretty fun.But what bothers me is - you have 4 days to get enough food for the storm, but there's BARELY any wildlife around, I'll go out far as I can possibly go, until my dogs are literally too tired to pull me along and we end up dying because there's no food for anybody. It's not impossible, but it is a challenge. It's nice thoughEdit: Took me days (irl days) to finish the first storm and I got so stressed out because there was hardly any animals to hunt to keep me alive, and my dogs alive, since they constantly need food.And you need to have enough food for the storm.So I eventually finish the first storm by literally seconds, and then you feel like, ahh.. done..nopeYou gotta do it all over again, and none of the animals reset in the wild, so what am I meant to hunt, my dogs are almost dead, I have to get twice as much than last time.So no, I change my mind.In this stance, I don't suggest it unless you like stress."
,Recommended,325210,34278621,Posted: 16 August,all,BrotherLewis,One day it will come out of Alpha and it will be great
,Recommended,325210,16672525,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,CatOnChronic,If you like Adventure game then you will love this game
,Recommended,325210,14078280,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,You $alty,Havn't played much yet (have to go to sleep) but it is a fun game gonna play more in the morning definetly worth the $10for it defenetly can tell it's alpha still consider floating dogs :p but i would say 9/10 one thing it needs in its full version is multiplayer :)
76561198128154787,Recommended,325210,17862345,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,SongoftheWolfy,This game is extremely promising. I can't wait to see where it takes me next.
76561198007546807,Recommended,325210,18156152,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,chrisjones32,Just gets better
76561198123677114,Recommended,325210,18259106,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Fireheart74,Ran my sled into a parked car... all my dogs died.11/10 would run into parked car again.
,Recommended,325210,16926240,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,OpTic.rtz,Great game! Needs work but still fun
,Recommended,325210,21047310,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,ChevyAndVW,"Definatly worth the purchase!  Best ""realistic survival game"" out there.   Runs smooth for me. Has a great feel to the game. Wish there was Steam Acheivements and maybe workshop.  But nicly made and updated. GREAT GAME! :-)"
,Recommended,325210,22788861,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,tina,"i like it i love these graphics, and i  just love it, but if i could recomend anything it owuld be, coop, 2 dog sleds *but requires to get twive to food for larfeer places. and the dogs tire wau to quickly, i wentto the nearest ""island"" and i couldnt return, so getting to vllages is a no for now........ fix it so that the dogs can last at least 10x as long , maybee less idk, but longersorry kinda rambling"
,Recommended,325210,25022235,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Alloran,"I got off after surviving the first storm, when I got back on two of my dogs have glitched into the ground, the sled in under a building (even though I ALWAY put them behind my house where nothing is, they somehow glitched into the GreenHouse on the other side of town) and one is too tired so I cant unglitched the dogs out of the ground. Guess I have to start over?Please fix this strange bug. I cant feed the dogs if they are glitched underground/unseeable. So they will indeed die of starvation. No way around this unless I restart from what i see (the water shed ""feed dogs"" doesnt help either)"
76561198170802090,Not Recommended,325210,18070331,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,중력Gravity,Don't do this.
,Recommended,325210,22350874,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Heroicly Hero Benny,"This game isnt bad yet isnt the greatest, has a long way to go."
76561198117045023,Recommended,325210,20314186,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Macavity,fun
,Not Recommended,325210,20377460,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Kilo,"Not in its current stage, it has an interesting concept and possible fun game play.However at the moment the map is mostly empty with buildings that hold nothing, and most items are unscavengable."
,Recommended,325210,35166438,Posted: 23 September,all,adeilt,"The key bindings are incomplete.  The key I use to move right turns on and off my flashlight, and I can't change that.  This is a dealbreaker for me.That said, I bought the game because I like this kind of game, and I'm sure I'll enjoy it when it's closer to completion.  I'll check back with Eternal Winter later in development."
76561197985898559,Recommended,325210,32339478,Posted: 11 June,all,Melville,A survival game set in an arctic environment? yes please!
76561198029569060,Not Recommended,325210,19856953,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,dunkster69,"At the time of writing this, i would say this is NOT an early access game...it's a 180mb thought bubble.It looks like the devs took some free source code (minecraft) and knocked out the barest shell of what might one day be a decent early access game.Way too early for any kind of release.Nice concept, but in its current form, that's all it is...a game concept."
,Recommended,325210,17256466,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Kevels,"Eternal Winter, A fantastic game. I'm going to give that game a 10/10, Why? because in this hour i played this game is one of my most favourite survival game. The graphics are cool, the gameplay is cool and I like the 4dogs, you can give them names. I like it, and i hope the multiplayer coop is going to be cool because then you can play with your friends a really beatifull and cool game. I found a sniper rifle and some crossbow-Bolts. I didn't find a crossbow but i will find one. I'm now on day 3. I played one hour and it's still cool and...........I Love it. :D this is a cool game and my best 5€ that i gave out."
76561198143950444,Recommended,325210,31270337,Posted: 21 April,all,Dutchsoldier2001,"Good game but must be better features as when you kill animals and guns, and mayby gold Mines, and more animals and better features with villagers. But overall a good game!! Must have"
76561198106665293,Recommended,325210,13741182,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,AmazinCookie,This game is good i recommended it highly
,Recommended,325210,17495484,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Troy,this have has low potential mostly because only one programmer is working on it. I hope the best but there are alot of survival games out there C-
76561198300125819,Recommended,325210,29705877,Posted: 4 February,all,CastAuto1991,Heres one word Overpowerd....but wait thats 2 words in a way god this game out smarted (Too good for m3)
,Recommended,325210,28771242,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,An Actual Lion,Definitely something you should pick up while it's onsale if you're a fan of tough survival simulations!
76561198094700984,Recommended,325210,17259706,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Tsuki,I had to killMoon Moon 2Moon Moon 3Moon Moon 4and Moon Moon 5So they wouldnt suffer a simular fate as me.10/10
76561198324121114,Recommended,325210,31211469,Posted: 17 April,all,dragonslayer,"....................Oh i am sorry, i did not notice you there! i was emersed in playing Eternal Winter. So what do you want to know? oh? How i liked Eternal Winter? well take a seat this might be long....The game is AWSOMEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!! Have fun! It iis worth buying it!"
76561197991962805,Recommended,325210,14704435,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Slick Willeh,doesn't suck
76561198025024354,Recommended,325210,14463155,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Germany~,"This is a great game, this was the first I guess beta game I have ever perchased. Keep updating!"
76561198042052301,Not Recommended,325210,28349480,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,TheUnbornSilent,An empty and lifeless world with snooze worthy gameplay.
76561198154766451,Not Recommended,325210,22543595,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,ALEXDOOM,"This game had a nice consept but when i first played it it was better then it was now. Surviving round the woodland but then the village update came,and ruined everything it became bland and unlikeable the update adding a kayak and watter only worsend the fact.It was more bland then before i coundent play it anymore. I wish they didnt go through with the village idea if they can do it better, it might just bring me back."
,Not Recommended,325210,29861866,Posted: 11 February,all,James,"Eternal Winter looks nice and polished in the screenshots, but it is definitely not. The buggy UI makes it difficult to navigate to the game options and multiplayer menu. The multiplayer menu in itself was next to non-existent. It asks for a short string of numbers with no customization features to ensure your game is safe and lock to other players. I personally bought this for a friend and myself and it was immediately apparent we made a grave mistake. In short, The game is too basic of a concept with nothing to really bulk up the content. I would probably not recommend this game to someone who is new to the genre of suvival games, even though this may be a good experience in ensuring they see progression within the genre, it was definitely not fun."
76561198126709586,Not Recommended,325210,18291971,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,christa7997,"After playing games such as the long dark, this game is awful.  The controls are terrible, its very hard to figure game  play out.  It's cheap, so you might enjoy it, but save up for other games if you want this type of game play."
76561198070890211,Not Recommended,325210,28943120,Posted: 2 January,all,Mr Muffin,"After the developers chose to go with an empty world without anything to explore, I can't recommend this game.The old versions were better."
76561198305619474,Recommended,325210,29680344,Posted: 3 February,all,Smol Irish,"It's that bad, its good."
,Recommended,325210,13922587,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,MrSpeed,gg
,Recommended,325210,21433043,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Thomjake,gg
76561198034585873,Not Recommended,325210,17596641,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Otacat,"So this is a pretty early access game, and I hope that the devs really continue working on it to flesh everything out. I can't rightly recommend this as of yet; but with hard work and time, it should turn into a great game.Pros:+ Interesting concept, like to see a lot more expansion on managing dogs, more AI behaviour on dog's part+ Great colour palate - looks nice from just the colours aloneCons:- Poorly optimised- Animations need quite a bit of work- Not a lot to do! Need to flesh out some of the gameplay mechanics, add some crafting and gathering.- Villagers are all the same skin - lots of things start to look the same; not a lot of incentive to help villagers out - need some dialogue and sounds- Graphics can be improved - some basic textures and modellingMultiplayer mode would be excellent as well!Video Let's Playhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9zNZzhiqwbc"
,Not Recommended,325210,17384553,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Ryden-55,"I bought the game after reading all of the positive reviews, and whilst I can see many of the points that people have raised as being positive, at the moment I cannot recommend the game.Immediately when I got into it I thought it seemed really bland, a good soundtrack but not backed up by the art style, which COULD be great but simlpy reminds me of the south park game from years passed (where you through the yellow snowballs).Ultimately I think, although it is early access, it is TOO early (if thats possible). There just isn't enough to warrant staying on the game. I explored and found a gun. shooting something wasn't satisfying and taking the bits back to the village then repeat just doesnt feel like a game.Disclaimer - I will keep this installed and up to date as I am interested to see where it goes, but for the time being I cannot recommend it."
76561197996972957,Not Recommended,325210,20352522,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,sir Evans,"2016-01-06:TL:DR:Nice concept, but the game is currently in early alpha and barely playable. Unlike in 'The Long Dark' there is no fun to be found here at the moment. Avoid.Eternal Winter was supposed to be a competition for 'The Long Dark' title.This one is also a 'survival' game set in never ending wintry environment, where you have to tend to basic needs of your character and search for items in order to survive.A plot twist here is that you also have a village of a dozen or so totally useless toons to take care of. Instead of just worrying for yourself you also need to provide for the bunch of total social parasites who spent their entire days doing absolutely nothing useful.Sounds fun, doesn't it?The game may look cool, but it has absolutely no fun factor. There is no tutorial to speak of. There is not even a page which displays you all the key shortcuts that you will be using.Did you know that by pressing ',' button you will advance time forward by few hours, with no prompt or confirmation request?Me neither. I figured it out because colour of the sky was changing and suddenly info 'day 1' appeared on the screen.This is just a tip of an iceberg. You are given a rifle but no bullets. You are given a crossbow but no bolts. And the only weapon you can use is machette agains wild animals who will kill you in few hits - all while you must fight them in order to get meat.Your dogs are useless for anything but pulling your transport, they won't fight back against the wolf no matter what.You cannot save your game in any other way but to sleep in bed. Going for a long and dangerous trip?Single wild hog can end your adventure - the game features PERMADEATH which in the current state of development is simply criminal.Music is annoying as hell, and sound effects aren't that great eitgher.To sum this up:- no proper user interface- no content- no proper save system- no help and key rebinding - to open main menu you need to press O or P or something- no real feeling of survival- no AI system for your dogs- no reason to help those parasites from village- no reason to play this title either.Avoid. Until all the problems with this game will be fixed, this game is simply not worth your time and money."
,Not Recommended,325210,28741035,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Chaos,"It was dissapointing when i played it, I don't reccomend it until it's done."
,Not Recommended,325210,16106904,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Aware-Lion,"Not yet worth the money, interface is simplistic, slow and clumsy,"
,Not Recommended,325210,18830767,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,dogman,THERE IS NO UI THIS BAD
,Not Recommended,325210,15669778,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Skitz,8 minutes into first go at this game - I hop off the sled to use the compass. Hear a bear like growl. I look around then look at my dogs who look relaxed and unbothered. No gnarling or barking. Just chilling. Assume all is fine so I check my compass again only to be mauled by a bear. I'm dead and my best friends wanted me dead because they did not alert me to the fact a murderous hungry beast is headed for me.Am I expecting too much if I ask for my dogs to be more alert to approaching danger?I will continue trialing this game and will change my rating when this oversight is fixed.
76561198044209914,Not Recommended,325210,24010248,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Pasolero,the game needs 20 gb to run
76561198370640661,Not Recommended,325210,31444373,Posted: 29 April,all,Extravagantly,"I've only played this game a little and I absolutely despise it.First off, where's the tutorial? I open the game and it says, 'Storm coming get food!' How do I get food? I had to figure it out myself. When I finally did get meat, I went to cook it. It said I needed matches. Not how to make or find them, just that I need them.Secondly, there's no point. When you're not 'saving your village' there's nothing to do. If you go out to hunt more the 'ecosystem' will be thrown off by your excessive hunting.Thirdly, your dogs eat more than the people. From the time you start hunting to the time the storm comes, your dogs have probally eaten more than the people will have. They just need so much food its unrealistic.I could say more but I'll leave it there. I had hopes for this game, then the game crushed it. Be smart, people, dont waste your money."
76561198038067476,Not Recommended,325210,17348846,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Prime,"Ths is my personal, quick but intense experience with this game, in the current early-access version:I decided to try this game after i read about the new keybind option.With the help of a couple of restarts (there's no Resume from Options) I managed to set my keybinds, read the ""tutorial"" messages and interacted with a box, on my left. That box offered me some medicines, anyway i didn't want to take them since i already had bandages in my inventory so i tried to close that window with no success. Maybe an UI bug, i guess nothing serious, anyway, I opened my inventory and, of course it showed right over the box window. At that point with my UI completely messed (the tutorial messages were still there) i decided to get out of that room but..surprise..as i moved, i realized I had lost my Y-axis invert mouse configuration.Tried to reset it again. After another restart I finally managed to go out of the room and got in contact with a villager. While reading him, I was translating on my right for no reason while some annoying sound was hurting me to the point that i had to close the game.It's a very alpha version but again, i don't understand why most of devs, don't consider usability and char control as an early objective. I will surely get back to this game in some months anyway to review it."
76561198116087710,Not Recommended,325210,19661774,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,ManateeMan,More like Eternal Crap
76561198104605164,Not Recommended,325210,14657434,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,14/88,"Processor: i5 quad core 2.60ghzMemory: 6 GB RAMGraphics: GTX 555/ or 1gb VRAMВ натуре содрал с The Long Dark, а графика ху*ня... Верни мне моё бобло... мля!"
,Not Recommended,325210,30519774,Posted: 14 March,all,HoodieChris (LJ),Nothing about this game was good
,Recommended,325210,33001614,Posted: 29 June,all,✪Mr.BaBy♥,Never played this.
,Not Recommended,325210,25815559,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Gabeux,"Walking Simulator (with your dogs, on the snow, in a sled) 2016."
76561198146040796,Not Recommended,325210,32465144,Posted: 15 June,all,gandalf the gamer,"its a great game but YOU CANT EVEN COMPLETE THE FIRST LEVEL IT TOOK ME 4 HOURS TO EVEN GET CLOSE TO IT AND WHEN I DID IT SAID GAME OVER YOU DIED, LOTS OF THINS NEED TO BE FIXED WITH THIS GAME"
,Not Recommended,325210,25828405,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Gary Dozer,"Boring, primitive and ugly."
76561198017265544,Not Recommended,325210,32519511,Posted: 17 June,all,Maxmadou Aloudi P0utch),bad
,Recommended,325210,17267250,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Bamboy csgobig.com,"Really Beautifull, The graphics and the feel of the game are pretty amazing. I spent a short amount of time on this game beucase of some bugs that are minor and  not game breaking, im not going to get into them becuase I want you to play it and not come to this reveiw to determin wether or not you should play it. PLAY IT. There are game mechanics that i have never seen in any other survival game. Now follow your Alaska native calling and supply your village with food.(sorry for spelling errors)"
76561198039653905,Recommended,325210,29624473,Posted: 1 February,all,KiH,"I really like this game, im looking forward to the future of this game!I think that a storyline and missions would make this a better game with more stuff to do. Maybe some (dungeons) like caves with more enemies and lika a yeti as a bossfight! :) But this is just my ideas <3!Keep up the good work!"
