user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,325420,13488834,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,scramps,"First and foremost, it needs to be said that this game is in very early stages of development. Additionally, if you don't enjoy things like geometry, physics, engineering, aerodynamics, etc, this  game may not be up your alley.THAT SAID, I personally find this game extraordinarily brilliant.There is a learning curve, absolutely, but the complaints that there is no information available to guide you are blatantly false. Granted, it isn't the typical bright and friendly hold-your-hand walkthrough sort of tutorial that lots of full release games have nowadays. People who are capable of reading and following directions will have no trouble, though.As an avid, lifelong fan of all means of transportation, Homebrew has allowed me to create functional versions of daydream vehicles once confined to the realm of doodles on scratch paper.There has never been a game quite like this one, and it only stands to improve as time goes on."
,Recommended,325420,32230414,Posted: 6 June,all,Mr. Cynical,"Take note of the date of this review, this game is in development and constantly changing.Pros:- Small but inviting community- Freedom to build pretty much anything- Multiplayer; without multiplayer it'd get boring very quick- Dedicated, community-engaged developers- Excellent graphics, decent optimization/performance- Good art styleMeh:- Pretty much devoid of sound effects beyond engine noises and wind noises- Development is occassionally slow- Lacks polish in certain areasCons:- Crashes on a regular basis; devs are working on this- Steep learning curve; although the wiki is getting better- Limited gameplay, but more is coming"
,Not Recommended,325420,13000298,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,The Magic Lemur,"Update: 01/15/15--I highly recommend downloading the demo (which I had no clue was available at the time of purchase) from the game's website(http://www.homebrewgame.com). Personal experience will tell you far better than any review whether or not you'll find this game worth the money. --My ""no"" recommendation is MUCH more qualified than earlier. The game has been streamlined a bit, optimized a lot, and shows no signs of ceasing improvement.In addition, the developers added a link in-game to community YouTube tutorials and improved its in-game manual. The physics are still cardboard-balloonish, but I feel like they will improve with time.In addition, as you can see below, the developers definitely care about this game and LISTEN to criticism rather than trying to squash it, which makes them ok in my book.I still honestly think it's too rough to justify the price, but I sincerely think that could change if development continues at this pace.----------Previous review----My ""No"" Recommendation is qualified; please read the full review for an explaination.If you're anything like me, you played Banjo Kazooie: Nuts & Bolts and fell in love with the vehicle-building system.Ever since I played that game, I've been looking for a game that was essentially -just- the ""screwing around with vehicles"" aspect of BK:N&B. When I saw this on the store page, I thought I'd found it.So far, I was wrong. It definitely has promise; don't misunderstand me. Conceptually, it really is a neat vehicle-building sandbox. But it's in rough, ROUGH alpha shape. The physics are currently of the ""cardboard balloons"" variety, the camera is weird and unintuitive, and the game still isn't great at explaining how to use all its features. It's not egregiously bad and it's not unplayable, but it feels like it's a very long way from the finish line.Now, then: If I don't think it's -that- bad, why am I not recommending it? Well, because of the price. So many Early Access games do this; they take an early build and charge way too much for it. If this game was $4.99 in its current state, I'd recommend it pretty solidly, because there's enough here to be mildly entertaining for now and enough promise to keep an eye on the game. As it stands, $17.99 (or $15-ish at the moment) is just too much cash to drop on something this rough.If the dev keeps working on it, this game CAN be the game I've dreamed of, and when it's closer to that, I'll heartily recommend it. Until then, I suggest wishlisting it and checking in every now and then to see how it's coming."
76561198039817785,Recommended,325420,23442665,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,sentient goo,"Due to life being life, I haven't had as much time to play this title as  I'd like to.  But I've played enough to realize that this game is downright awesome.  Sadly, for some reason, it has remained criminally underrated here on Steam.  It deserves far more attention and DEFINITELY does not deserve the negative ratings it has gotten recently.  Most of the negative reviews I've read stem from two general complaints, both of which are stupid, as I shall now explain...Stupid Complaint # 1 - ""This game is tooo Harrd!  How doo I vehicle more?""Explanation: This is a physics and engineering sandbox game,  consisting essentially of two elements: a set of tools with which players can create machines; and an environment in which they can observe and interact with those machines.  The more robust and detailed these two elements are, the more complex the software will be.  This is inevitable.  If you want the power and freedom to create fantastic, interesting machines, you MUST be willing to learn how to use the advanced tools required to do so.  There are plenty of avenues to learn how to play this game.  If you don't want to learn anything new - fine.  Go play Doom or Flappy Bird or whatever.  But don't blame this game for your laziness.Stupid Complaint # 2: ""This game has bugs / incomplete features.  It's like they're charging us for EARLY ACCESS to their unfinished game!  WTF?!""Explanation:  Firstly, learn to read.  Second, use your newfound reading skill to acquire knowledge about products BEFORE you spend money on them.  This strategy will reduce the likelihood that you will purchase something you do not actually want, such as an early access copy of a game that is still under development.  If you review an early access game, you have to review it AS SUCH.  As of the writing of this review, there have been 71 announcements from the developers.  Seventy-fricking-one!  A little research will quickly show that the game is under active development and there is a great relationship between the devs and the community. This is pretty much all that can be asked of an early access title (and it's a hell of a lot more than you'll get from most games currently listed as early access).  If you don't like early access, don't buy it until it's finished.  But don't criticize the game for not being complete when it isn't claiming to be so.Ignoring the negative reviews based on the two stupid reasons I just debunked, you'll see that this game has gotten a lot of positive feedback.  And it clearly deserves it.  There are very quality few games in this genre.  I have scoured every corner of Steam, and I can name every one I found on one hand.  Kerbal Space Program, Space Engineers, From the Depths, and Homebrew Vehicle Sandbox - if you know of a single other title worthy of being on that list, I'd love to hear it.  In the meantime, if you like any one of those games, I suggest buying them all.  Between the four of them, you should have enough to keep you occupied for at least a decade or two."
,Recommended,325420,14469786,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,MUTE!! a Lunatical DANGEROUS!!,I absolutely LOVE this game and I wouldn't have it any other way.  The price is amazing and the amount of resources it uses on my computer are next to nothing.  I also love how active the developers are in the community.
,Recommended,325420,12951215,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Claymore,"So when i saw trailer i understood it will be good. But i didnt expext so much. The game is awesome, and the only bug i have met was cursor disappearing in building menu. That disappointed me a little but when I relaunched the game it all was working perfect. Also thanks for no lagging as soon as my PC is not powerfull at all."
,Recommended,325420,16627085,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,BrazilianSoldier,"Let me be clear and short here. This game is not ready yet. The controls are quite strange and the building system don't help much (which is normal, assuming it's on early access).Then why am i recommending this?Simple. The developer of this game is the most communicative developer i ever saw in steam early access. Just check out the steam forum over there and see for yourself. Or even better, ask him something!There is also a very big update coming out soon. One that may possibly change everything i just said about the game up there for the best, with a new and better building system, more parts, better controls and a much larger and richest world.Just give the dev some time and the game will be awesome!"
,Recommended,325420,13061195,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,gucci mah nigga,"If you play robocraft and your favorite part is the building then the testing of your new car, this game is for you10/10"
76561198012931848,Not Recommended,325420,25281306,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,ThomJ,"TL;DR,DESPERATELY NEEDS A MIRROR MODE, otherwise it's pretty good.Recent updates have made this game a little more enjoyable for me, but I'm still getting frustrated with the fact there's noMIRROR MODE, and i'll probably sound like a broken record throughout this review but that's really the only thing preventing me from reccomending this.BuilderI only really enjoy building planes, but that's not the games fault, i'm just not interested in building cars. One of my biggest gripes is that there's noMIRROR MODE.You want to build a twin engined plane? You'll have to build the engine twice. You want to put windows on it? You'll have to build them twice. You want a gear retraction mechanism? You'll have to bui..you get the point. It makes EVERYTHING more tedious and difficult than it should be. I've spent hours trying to build and ""skin"" an aircraft only to find that the skin plate on one side was like, one notch off. IF THERE WAS AMIRROR MODE, I wouldn't have even had that problem in the first place, or at least, it would have been easier to fix. But instead it took me another 2 hours just to nail down what exactly was wrong and pretty much re-adjust every single other skin plate in order to fix it. I don't know why this feature has not been made a priority, it seems like it's pretty standard with most other creative building games.Aviation PartsWhile recent updates have brought several new types of wings (two to be specific), it still feels as though the selection is lacking. The adjustable wing is a good idea, but the way it's currently implemented basically forces you to put a skin over it (unless you don't care what your plane looks like) and also create somewhat complicated systems to add basic flight controls, which of course you have to do twicebecause there's still no MIRROR MODE.The other issue of which i'm not sure whether or not it's a bug, but the amount of lift generated doesn't change with the wing's size, or at least the indicator doesn't change. You can also only change the wings shape in two directions so you are basically stuck with a rectangular wing, not a huge issue but I wish it was more flexible like the directional plates. It feels very much like a place holder.The other wing that was added was the ""invader"" wing. It's cool, but I won't get much use out of it just because it's so large and doesn't really fit with the types of planes I want to build, a very minor and personal complaint.That being said, I do appreciate the addition of the two new types of propellers. I haven't had time to play around with them very much but they do appear to have benefits and drawbacks (as opposed to the standard and supersonic props) and are not just purely asthetic.BugsI didn't find as many bugs when I played it this time, granted I only played for about 2 hours so it's possible I missed some. The only one I really found was the issue with the adjustable wings not updating the lift indicator.UPDATE! The lift indicator is a bug and it updates after you load another vehicle and then reload the one that has the adjustable wings. Also! After two hours of skinning an aircraft, the game crashed without any warning or error mesage and I lost two hours of progress. It's a real shame thatTHERE'S NO MIRROR MODEbecause now I have to spend ANOTHER two hours skinning the same exact thing. Great! I suggest adding an autosave function to avoid this situation in the future. Or, you know, add aMIRROR MODEso it doesn't take as long to recover. Was looking forward to actually testing my plane but nope!EARLY ACCESSThis game has been in alpha for almost two years. Really? It's another example of an early access game that just never leaves this state, or if it does, it's at the expense of the player base (see SpaceBase DF9). If I had to make a guess, it will never leave alpha (PROVE ME WRONG COPY-BUG-PASTE!), that just seems to be the trend of early access games these days. Updates have become more frequent now which I really do appreciate, I think that was a step in the right direction. Some features are taking a ridiculous amount of time to implement fully though, such as multiplayer. It was introduced in late June of 2016 but it still says ""experimental"" on the button? Have you guys just forgotten to change that or is it actually still experimental?The Good NewsIf you have the paitence to learn how to build and to do the actual building, it's actually pretty enjoyable. There's nothing more rewarding than building something that works just the way you want it to. Making small adjustments and tweaks to fine tune your ""creation"" is surprisingly fun. Even being frustrated with it at times I still find myself craving to build something new. The physics has been improved since HB13 and while it's certainly a long ways from being considered ""realistic"", it feels good for what it is and most importantly, it's fun. It's no X-Plane 10, but the aerodynamics are decent too.SummaryHonestly at this point, the game is just about worth what the developer is asking for but I'm still waiting for aMIRROR/SYMMETRY MODEto be added(SERIOUSLY GUYS, THIS NEEDS TO BE PRIORITY ONE, WEAPONS CAN WAIT).It's such a basic tool that saves everyone hours of needless building and yet I haven't heard so much as a peep about such a tool being in the works. If it's been mentioned somewhere on the forums that I've missed, please let me know. Only once that's added can I reccomend this game to others, but it'll still need some work before I can truly fall in love with it."
,Recommended,325420,19921862,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,bunpro,"If you enjoy any of the following, then u'll love homebrew:Kerbal Space ProgramSpace EngineersSimple Planes(Any other physics based vehicle building game).I would highly recommend."
76561198027579305,Recommended,325420,12970431,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,GetUpAndKill,"This is the most fun I've had in a game in many, many years.   Push yourself through the learning curve and be rewarded with a sense of freedom, control, immersion and numerous ""aha"" moments you don't get from most games these days."
76561198045874552,Recommended,325420,13170482,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,applerule,"My advice to anyone considering buying this game is to go watch some of the user videos first.  The ones made by shakenbake are really good.  This will give you an idea of what you can build and some idea on how to use the ui.The ui/building can be a bit clunky but the devs are working on that.With that being said, this is (in its current state) a vehicle building sandbox only.  There are no challenges, missions etc....yet.  I am having the most fun building and sharing vehicles.  Its pretty cool to see what others come up with.  In multiplayer you can drive each other's vehicles.This game has real potential, and is fun in its current state if you like building things.  Just keep in mind that building  is 90% of the game at the current time, although I assume that will change in the future.  The game is very playable with minimal bugs.  When playing I feel as if it's missing features as opposed to having bugs, which it should be that way considering it is alpha.I'm having a blast playing and am looking forward to seeing what this game becomes."
,Recommended,325420,23088981,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Natafish,"So Homebrew.  Lets see, where to start?  Is the game good?  Yes!  Am I good with reveiws?  Absolutely not.  But how else are you gonna know it is good unless people tell you it is.  Whether or not they're good at telling you it is good.  But enough of that, on to the actual reveiw I guess.So yeah.  Homebrew...  Obviously this isn't a game about brewing moonshine in your back yard over a can of beer.  Which is kinda pointless, since you're drinking other alchohal that you payed for while making alchohal that you sell to pay for buying other alchohol, so WTF.  Anyway, we're not doing any of that in Homebrew.  In Homebrew Vehicle Sandbox, you're making your own vehicles and enjoying created vehicles within a sandbox environment.  So sorry all you moonshiners, but this is not a game about making moonshine.  Instead, Homebrew is about embracing creativity, in whatever form that may come in, and making vehicles with it.  Be it cars, trucks, planes, boats, airships, helicopters, Gundams, trains, hoverbikes, rockets, etc.  You name it and, with enough creativity and the right know-how, you can make it.  You can even sorta ""code"" videogames inside Homebrew!Homebrew does this by offering an expansive vehicle builder allowing you to combine all kinds of parts to make whatever you want.  Including a unique take on logic systems that most other vehicle building games simply don't offer.  Certainly not Space Engineers or Scrap Mechanic.Homebrew really has something in it for everyone.  If you like a certain car a lot, you can replicate it in Homebrew.  If you've got some crazy idea for a plane, you can build it in Homebrew and enjoy all that wackiness from the safety of your living room.  If you're an artist, Homebrew certainly isn't any kind of sculpting or painting software.  However, you can still make brilliant artwork by using it. Even for those fancy coding ninjas out there, I've personally made several videogames within Homebrew, including Pong and Flappy Bird, to name two popular examples.  While I'll admit there isn't currently a coding language that you use to create these games, it is in the works and will definitely be featured later on.  For the time being, it is a little clunky to code games within Homebrew, but I think I've proven it possible.Not to speak lightly of it by making it my last point, but Homebrew also has amazing developers and community.  If you're having trouble with anything related to the game, or even things not related to the game, shoot the community a question and you'll get a friendly answer fairly soon.  And if not, the devs themselves will usually come help you out!  How awesome is that?Personally, I love Homebrew.  It is no doubt my favorite game.  Granted, Homebrew has more than its fair share of bugs (at the time of writing), but those are being steadilly ironed out, and Homebrew is steadilly growing as well.  It's hard to say where Homebrew will be in 2 years.  But I can definitely say the devs are on the right track and are well on the way to making a game that pretty much everyone can enjoy.- - - - -Now I suppose I should add a few downsides (cons) as well, shouldn't I?  Well, I'm really having a lot of trouble thinking up some, but I'll give it a go.First major con:  The game has more than it's fair share of bugs.  I know I already said that pretty much word for word before, but it is worth mentioning.  Granted, none of them are really game-breaking, but they are noticeable.  There are usualy workarounds that us players can utilize, And the devs are constantly at work fixing up one bug or another.  But certain bugs have remained in the game for quite some time, and are fairly easy to spot within the first 50 hours of playing the game.Second major con:  Updates can be rather slow.  At times we've been over 2 months between updates.  While Homebrew devs are not the slowest, it can feel like it at times if you'rereallyinvested in the game.  Granted, they're always hard at work on cool new features, often times these are even features suggested by the community.  But my point still rings ever true.  The updates can be rather slow."
,Recommended,325420,14182902,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Legendary Squash,"great game! its in early access pre-alpha right now and it's really quite awesome already. the developers are friendly and quite active in the community.every update brings either new parts, new tracks for racing, or some kind of optimization or improvement.Homebrew allows you to build almost any kind of vehicle, even hybrids like gas/electric cars or a boat thats also a jet fighter... just about anything you can think of. once you finish the tutorial, you will unlock the full sandbox mode with access to all of the parts for building.the best part is probably the multiplayer where you can see and use other peoples creations, take on the alien threat together, or engage in wild land/sea/air vehicle combat. you can also share vehicles via host/download sites like dropbox.*UPDATE* 11/23/16 game is still amazing, and has been ported to the new engine beautifully. the improvements that have come in the past year are SO GOOD! i still play this game daily and have racked up 1200 hours game play time. the community has grown and its a non-toxic community, we all help each other with builds and the multiplayer is frequently full servers. there is also a very nice discord community with many players with over 1000 hours experience willing to help anyone with problems either through steam/in-game chat or voice comms on discord.there are ALWAYS new competitions and events being held by players so if you lack building inspiration, just check out one of the many build challenges and competitions set by players!WORKSHOP support! did you build an amazing creation and want to share it with the world? just upload it to the workshop and others can download and play with your vehicle! and you can try the 1200+ vehicles already uploaded to the shop! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!"
,Recommended,325420,12995929,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Bear Grylls,"Update Dev 2015: The v14 patch is here! This is a big one. The devs basically remade the game in Unity 5. Some of the systems are entirely re-done and it is overall a big improvement. I'll highlight a few great points below, but this isn't an exhaustive list of all the great changes / addition.+ much more flexible building tools (like being able to adjust pipes _after_ welding them to your vehicle, etc).+ you can save vehicles / sub-assemblies and spawn / weld them in other projects :)+ flexible plating / skin system: It's only the start right now but there are already some easy to use parts for making body panels that far surpass the rigid old dog plates from v13.+ support for the most wanted thing in this game: servos! Actuators, servo motors, whatever you want to call them. Finally it is very easy to make all manner of things from turrets and landing gear, to swept wings and shuttle bay doors!+ Great kismet / wiring system. Most of the parts input and/or output (as required) float numbers (generally normalized between -1 and 1) for their functions. You can link inputs and outputs as you want, and there are a variety of modifier parts for combining / shifting / gating / etc the values as you go along. This makes it possible to do things like have a gyrosensor used to adjust the flaps on your plane to keep it level, while still combining it with the input from the user's seat.+ better physics. I suppose that matters. Center of mass / lift calculated in much better fashion now. It means if you make something that looks like it should fly, it probably will ^___^+ waves on da ocean----------------------------------------------Update Jan 2015: The devs removed the orbs a few patches ago, and now it is a proper sandbox mode (once you complete the initial tutorial). Now you can unleash your creative potential almost immediately!  It is much better this way.As the game stands now there are lots of things to play with in terms of vehicle parts, and the devs have a lot of cool things in the pipeline too. It's damn fun. Looking forward to future updates :)Pre-update review: This game would be great if you didn't have to go about collecting annoying little orbs to unlock parts. For a game advertising extensive freedom that seems like an unnecessary and arbitrary restriction, especially for a pre-alpha or whatever it is.(recommended nonetheless)"
76561198093178325,Recommended,325420,13092039,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,KJ van Wartberg,"Nice game!I played for 6 hours now and I love it. I would recommend it to everyone who really enjoyed Garrysmod; SpaceEngineers; Robocraft and else. I promise you, it will be fun if you already have an idea about vehicle building.Of course, real tutorials would be helpful and you might hate the first 2h but when you discovered all the things it needs to drive that thing you built there it will be great.Its a alpha, dont expect to much. but its worth and has great potentialPS: I hope some steam-host-servers come up soon xP"
,Recommended,325420,13676379,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Doohicky101,"Have you ever played KSP and thought ""Hmm.. Space is awesome but I wish I could do more back home?""I have. Buy this game."
,Recommended,325420,13014854,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,WAZeigler (The_CEO),"Trust me people, this game may not look like a triple A mega hit, but with enough polish it can be. The gameplay is already quite fun and the multiplayer is something I am definately looking forward to. Two thumbs up!"
76561198099050961,Recommended,325420,17727313,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Aspiring Wackjob,"Is this game one I would recommend? Yes. Are there some problems with it? Of course, it's still an early access title. It's much more optimized, so it can definitely be played on some slightly lower end PCs. I use my Xbox 360 controller for vehicles, which makes things a bit easier on me. You have lots of options as to what to build (and there is still more to come). I've built everything from small 110cc powered boats to hypersonic jets that can go past 7,400 km/h before hitting the world border (took me 3 days of continuous testing and improvement.The one thing people don't get about physics and this game is that this is not something you'd find in Forza, NFS, GTA or CoD. This is all about solid and fluid dynamics. It's about what you can do to improve the quality of whatever you build. Build it faster, stronger, more efficient. This is something that takes practice, not something you can just pick up and go. But, once you do get the hang of it the possibilities are nearly endless. I just hope they make longer runways and bigger worlds. My hypersonic jet can go much faster than 7.4k km/h."
,Recommended,325420,20407877,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Ste,"This is a very underrated game, I bought it when it was first released and was blown away with what was possible, if minecraft was Lego then Homebrew is meccano at an advanced level. So I thought they'd keep on adding new parts, which they did.What I didn't expect, didn't even think possible (within unity) is they developed the graphics, better physics, really clever on the fly pipe deformation, panals so your creation doesn't look so bare, but they keep on going, they surpased my expectations but also what I thought was possible in unity, I've not researched this company but if this is their first game, then I'm happy to invest!"
76561198126365768,Recommended,325420,12955949,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,CMDR Vectura,"Absolutely awesome game! Many different parts allow for a huge variety of creations, and the devs are really helpful. This game is probably going to suck up a lot of my time. My only downside is that the interface is not all explained by the tutorial, but it is quite easy to understand after messing around for a while."
,Recommended,325420,13091567,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Dragonhead Gaming,I love this game. I love the concept and the fact they are constantly working on it and communicating with the users to improve the game. Your imagination is the limit and looking forward as they implement new parts and facets to the game. This is one of my most played Pre-release games.
,Recommended,325420,15685802,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,SuperKai64,"HomeBrew, It's pretty much a game where you make ""stuff"" (and I say that because its to broad to specify).You can litterally make anything you want, hovercrafts, helicopter boats and more. It's even got multiplayer and for a game this new this is awesome.You may be thinking ""Oh I played other sandbox games like GMod"" but HomeBrew is different;-The map is HUGE, and that is no exaduration either-You can make your own parts (Pipes for all you MLG's out there) allowing you to make any vehicle you can imagine-Proper sandbox, none of this ""Oh you can spawn stuff in. SANDBOX GAME!""-No BS mods required to make it fun, its got it all (Including weapons :P)-Advanced design engine, the way you design things is simple and easy to get for sandbox vehicle builder meaning you dont have to google tons of videos to find out how to use it-Information, you dont have to but you can read about every parts origin (History lesson in a game!)-No lag, it may say it needs 3 cores to run, but it really doesnt it runs great at decent settings on my dual core laptop with dated graphics card (I have better ones, I ain't no scrub!)-""123 No lag for me"" cheat command takes you to a less laggy world even if you do have issuesBy no means am I saying this game is the king of all sandboxes, but if want to design things and test them with your ""friends"" then this is the game for you.Bad things about this game (even though you read this far in a posative review)-Can be labourious at times, such as wielding a part rather than a quick place without having to do multiple clicks, but for Beta I can accept this-Not many parts, again  I reviewed this when it was EARLY ACCESS but the amount the game gives you is sufficient to keep you occupied (Not saying that there isnt enough, rather theres thinds I'd like to see in the future E.g. Stairs)-Graphics outside the valley can be a little lacking such as ""streched"" textures but its not frustrating you dont need to leave the valley unless you are using the ocean (water does look nice tho)-Getting round the map, sometimes this can be fun such as making the player use vehicles they have made, but if you just want to use a new boat you've made then you have to go quite some distance to get to it.I dont want to knock this game for what it is right now, to be fair you couldnt tell this was a Beta release from what it is now.-S.C"
,Not Recommended,325420,26642826,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Ottomic,"Homebrew is a vehicle building game where its worst feature is the vehicle building.The graphics are okay, the sounds are... ehh, the prebuilt vehicles are *awesome*, the game world is huge and varied and the idea of building the stuff of your dreams is enticing enough to get you to build.And then you realize how sucky building is.For starters, the builder has physics on it, meaning every part that's not tied to the starting node will fall to the ground and tumble, making you adjust your camera, go around to the face you want to weld to your vehicle, click it, and then back to the vehicle to select the part to weld it to. It has no symmetry tools either, which will force you to do each thing twice for the other side of it. You can build custom pipes which is great in theory but then you realize you have to do it *again* for every single one you build. On top of that, parts are throughly premade and scaling is almost non existant, limited to a handful of *components* (not whole parts), and the few that include rescaling only allow for very limited options (you can make a rectangular  wing wider and longer, but not change its shape). You can't move stuff easily either, if you want to shift a set of parts sightly forward or backward you will have to disconnect the root part which will make EVERYTHING disconnect from each other and fall to the ground. The selection of parts is adequate, but with fixed dimensions and with the busywork of having to do symmetry manually the frustration will quickly set in.You do link parts manually, which is great, letting you make very complex inner workings, and stuff like gears and logical connectors also opens up a lot of ideas, but the game sorely lacks a lot of the basic building blocks that would make such a product enjoyable and accessible.3/10. The building really mares this game down to the point of unpleasantness, and though the more advanced options are really juicy looking, making anything in this game is an exercise in busywork, unpleasantness, and frustration. It has advanced very little since I tried it out a year or so ago, and it has no excuse for being this intensely clunky in a world where games like KSP and Empyrion exist."
76561198040335732,Recommended,325420,31908368,Posted: 22 May,all,RhoSigma,"Well i figured it's probably about time i reviewed Homebrew since i'm almost at the 2000 hour mark.Attachers pls.-fin-Just kidding (not kidding about the attachers though).An awesome little game as it is already and still has lots of development to go. And so far the only game i've successfuly made a fully mechanical helicopter in, with an entirely mechanical, physics based swashplate mechanism that's beautifully stable even at 340 RPM plus.The game certainly has it's rough edges but the devs have always been focused on improving the game, having known the developers and spoken to a few of them almost daily for some time now it's clear that Homebrew isn't just about money, it's something they're honestly passionate about. They're always doing their best to keep in touch with the community and work from feedback, and while they're sometimes notthe bestdevs out there*cough* niv overwriting iggy's work *cough*, they make up for it in their commitment to the game and it's community.Which makes a good seguae to the community side of Homebrew. Homebrew's community is honestly the best i've ever been in, albeit it small it's extremely friendly and helpful.The content of the game can be a bit minimal as-is for people not so inclined to create and share vehicles, but that will change after the addition of weapons to the game, which are being developed at the time of this review.TL;DRGreat game, albeit missing an objective currently which will change in the near future. Awesome developers, a few of which i've become friends with. Great, friendly, helpful community, including in-game and in Discord. I'm 2000 hours in and have thousands more ahead no doubt.Also, you can throw toilets you made yourself past the sound barrier and into the next continent with a catapult you made yourself. What's not to love?"
,Recommended,325420,22656812,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Hellreaver,"Pretty good. Was thinking I was going to regret buying it for $17, but I actually feel this game will provide me with my money's worth and more.The only thing i'd like to say is that it seems impossible to contact these guys, and I've got a few suggestions.One of which is that electrical motors produce peak torque at 0 rpm, but in the game it works the opposite way."
,Recommended,325420,14474615,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,PixelGnome,"If you are into building games, open world sandbox and all that. Get this game. It got a lot of potential. The developers are super nice. Super awesome community to help with anything you need help with! Tons of pros with this game and so little cons.Basically the cons are that the wheels are wonky, but they are working on that. And sharing vehicles is possible but not that easy! But as i said they are also working on that!! So the cons are pretty much non!!"
76561198038622248,Recommended,325420,16881268,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,[♫] Kamoba,"Homebrew in short:""A better lego game than lego have managed to make!""A Vehicle building sim, you're given the ability to make your own ""pipes"" as if you're welding metal beams together, the set them up as a chasis for your build, before adding the components needed to make, whatever you're building, work. Then you tune it up! Link the fuel tanks to engines, the engines to the wheels and the control hub (Currently a car seat but the devs have said more types will be added in the future!) to the needed parts to make it all work!Then leave the workshop, take your build to the (bigger than it seems) outside world and give it a test!And the fine tuning options in the final building stage are vast! You really can make and change so much!Limitations?Your imagination and skills.If you're after something to build and play with your builds this is the game for you! None of that modula building, no hand-holding or baby sitting either!A very good game, and a great, very friendly and involved Dev team!"
,Recommended,325420,27008534,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sylvester334,"Great game for those who like creative freedom. You can build almost anything mechanical you want. I've seen things from working pixel screens to flying ornthicopters.Pros:Lots of freedom to build what you wantHelpful communityIn depth logic system to fine tune your creationsCons:Confusing building system for newcomersEarly access title so there are some bugslogic system is a bit difficult to get into at firstIn summary, if you like having freedom to creat what you want and you have the time and patience to learn how to move around in the builder and work through all the logic controls and such, then Hombrew is a great game for you."
,Recommended,325420,32487967,Posted: 16 June,all,mke,"I'll just start by saying this is my favourite game in my steam library. If you are a creative person who takes pride in their creations, then I highly recommend this game.It may be a bit tricky at first, but don’t get discouraged. The online community is a great learning tool and are very friendly. If you are on the fence about this game, I would definitely give it a try. The game is already good and the devs are constantly listening to the community for improvements."
,Recommended,325420,13516834,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Sprite Guard,"This game has everything I ever ask of a game: a sense of speed and momentum, incredible player freedom, and a great deal of nonviolent content and challenges. There is enough content here to keep me busy for a long time, and all of it is available right away; I don't have to grind for parts or unlock anything, I can just build, test, tweak, and fly! There are guns too if that's your thing."
76561198029866644,Recommended,325420,12942920,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Jim19971,"Have been looking to buy this game for months, and after finally purchasing i can honestly say, if youre into a deep sandbox builder then this si the game for you. I have played 2 hours and once you read and understand the basics the rest of the game is a piece of cake. this is definately worth a buy if you have the money and would highly recommend due to its fantastic quality and features in the game. however the game is still in early access so their are minor bugs. This is a game which not only holds huge potencial in the future but the ability to keep you occupied for hours on end."
76561198116985138,Recommended,325420,13012584,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Aethelfrith,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME....Yet.It has great potential. For people like me who love to build things in a sand box, this game would be a dream come true. I say would, because there are still a LOT of bugs and annoying issues in the game that need to be addressed before more people purchase this. But keep an eye on it, because if they fix the broken camera angles and add a more informative tutorial (because the amount of confusion I experienced firsthand was unbelieveable), this game could definitely be the simulator you're looking for."
,Recommended,325420,24391431,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Fanny,Great game for a small price.Dev's are very active to.I see almost every question/topic awnsered within 24hours but most times within just an hour !Game runs smoothly in singleplayer and multiplayer is getting better and better to.There arent many parts you can use yet BUT they can be adjusted in such ways that the possibility's are almost endless.Some dude has even made ingame game's for Homebrew (like arcade cabinets)Alot more parts will come though they said. (and i believe that to)Learning curve is pretty hard but even pleps like me can succesfully make enjoyable vehicles.If you like building sandbox games this is propably the best one out there.
,Recommended,325420,13289156,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Everblazing,"I've had so much fun! You can actually build anything you'd like. If it's gonna work as intended is something else  but practice makes perfect! Okay, it's not a true sandbox yet as you have to collect three kinds of orbs to buy parts you can use in the vehicle builder. But what's the point in building vehicles if you don't want to take them out for a spin. just collect some orbs along the way and before you know it you'll have enough orbs,Even though i had a really great time with this Early Acces game, it's not for everybody. if tinkering and experimenting is your thing, this game will be right up your alley! (And it's made in Belgium, awesome!)"
,Not Recommended,325420,13527996,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Errmahgerrd!!,"(Still) Not Now, Buy it only & only if you want to support the devs, (They are a cool bunch, by the way)(- -) The UI is just too unreasonably convoluted to be considered ""fun"".(Edit #2 : This still holds true, The UI and Controls make the game more hard and frustrating than it needs to be, and take the focus away from the core experience, which in fact has been improved, by a LOT.)(- -) The number and variety of parts are lacking as well.(Edit #2 : Not True Anymore, And they are still adding more and more parts.)(- -)The physics itself, which is also ""very lacking "" in implementation and scope.(Edit #2 : Not Anymore, The Physics is prettty decent now, and I am sure it will be improved even more.)(+/-)Plus, the game looks ugly as well, not that it matters this early in it's alpha.(Edit  #2: Not True, The Game Looks pretty decent now, and with time I am sure, it will keep getting better.)TL;DR: This Game is just too early in alpha, so things might look better in due time, keeping fingers crossed, and hoping that the devs will deliver.(TL;DR: #2 And they are delivering, judging by how much the game has improved over the last year.)Edit: Waiting for the new update, hoping the devs will deliver.Edit #2 : The devs are delivering, the new update is totally rad, and the only thing that (still) holds the game back, is the unintuitiveness of its control/camera scheme and it messy UI."
76561198048965698,Recommended,325420,13165525,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Jared Pascalious/Tasmaniac,"Oh wow, AMAZING game. Just get it... Ok now, a few suggestions for the devs: The hanger that you build in is too small: some parts take up the whole hanger, second(something that you may already be working on: second planets, just imagine ksp in first person: Making a giant rocket, flying to another world, dropping your dune buggy of and exploring another exciting place."
,Recommended,325420,26480572,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Bakk - Yernemm,"Very detailed and in-depth building. You can really build almost any vehicle that you can imagine. However, it does take some time to learn and get used to the building."
,Recommended,325420,12942939,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Trump Squid,"After buying this game staight after release I knew it was going to be a good game, and indeed it was. Ignor Vectura's review as apparently some people can't read. As soon as you hop into the game you are greeted with a tutorial that may seem confusing at first but if you actually read it its very simple and tells you the basics, if not the complexity of the game within one tutorial. It may take some time to figure out how the vehical mechanics work but after about 10 mins of playing arround with the vehical creation after completing the tutorial i can officialy call my self an advanced builder! I think.....Im actually loving this game right now and i can see huge potential in the future, and regarding that this is an early access, it contains a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of creativity and objects with endless possibilities to creation. Im actaully having a nostalgia feeing when playing this game for some reason, but hey I love that feeling which ultimately makes this game better!I highly recomend this game!"
,Recommended,325420,29490448,Posted: 25 January,all,killacam4207,"By far the most advanced vehicle building game ever,  not for the impatient learners.  Has a steep learning curve.  So have patience and don't be afraid to ask for help.Create almost anything your imagination can design.Huge workshop content with thousands of user created creationsOnline multiplayer lobbies where there's almost always a few people to play with,Race. Fly  Explore, share. Create.So if you enjoy sandbox games and engineering is your niche.Look no further.This will be your new favorite game.It will absorb all of your time and life and mind."
76561198116315694,Recommended,325420,23619354,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Cookiie,"So I played homebrew a lot already. And I absolutelty love the game and the best community I ever saw that it offers. Most people that think this game is not a good vehicle builder/simulation fail at the steep learing curve this builder has. When starting you have to invest some time into tutorials, trying to understand how the basics of homebrew work. Once you got your first car built, you will learn things quickly and the fun starts. Of course, a vehicle simulation should be near reality, when considering physics and graphics. Homebrew offers both. The graphics are quite advanced and physics work as they should. This way it is also not that simple to build for example a plane. And I think that's how it should be in every builder. Understanding the physics behind a plane or how acceleration, speed and grip effect the way your car will drive, help to build working vehicles. That's what's most fun about homebrew. Getting a challenge and mastering it. In Homebrew you are able to optimize your work until you are completely satisfied. The possibilities in this game are endless. There are nearly no restrictions that will let your creativity suffer. From simple and fun to complicated and challenging, homebrew offers projects for everone.- Cookiie -my personal tips:Having problems to get started?: Homebrew has the best community you will every encounter. The dev-team and many players are really active. The best place to get some help is the homebrew discord:https://discord.gg/0lxdMnkIRKg7WiDiYou want the game, but find it too expensive?As there are commonly building competitions, many game keys are given away to the community. Maybe you can find someone willing to give you their key."
,Recommended,325420,31399338,Posted: 27 April,all,Matarky,"Very fun game, physics are great and the creativity the creation system allows you to have is perfect for building just about anything.I was a bit concerned about the learning curve as it's frequently mentioned in the reviews I had seen but I watched a couple YouTube videos and could easily figure out what I had to do to build a fast car and stable plane, have yet to build a boat.Multiplayer is great, very helpful people online generally for if you do have any questions and, for myself at least, no noticeable lag.This game is a couple years old now but still looks good and is being updated, I really think the biggest flaw it is only that more people don't know about it."
76561198075688121,Recommended,325420,13460894,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,lilkoi98,"i bought this a while back, but i was unsure of whether or not i would like it. My driving factor as to why i was because of the orbs. the orbs limited my creativity because of my incompatance in gaming, but now that they are out of the game i think this can be safely recomended by me.for the devs if you see this, can you give us an option to keep the seasonal landscape after winter is over?"
76561198079675535,Recommended,325420,19140880,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,WHICH WAY?,"Fun game where you can let your vehivle imagination free!You can built any vehicle in this game from jets to cars to tanks and rockets,drones, missle launchers, helicopters, planes, hot ait balloons, jet powered cars,jetpowered tanks, jetpowered jets!...Enough said Yes?And everyone says YESWould recommend playing with a friend and dukeit out on who can make the best vehicle!Would recommend this game to let your imaginations free in this world of HOMEBREW!"
,Recommended,325420,33782243,Posted: 25 July,all,Pear UK,"I came into this game blind, not knowing anything about cars or vehicles.Everytime I play I learn new things about how car mechanics and plane mechanics work. This game is very relaxing, casual and enjoyable.The game has a very steep learning curve and is very complicated to get the hang of it. This game isn't for everyone, but if you are into it, you'll be playing ALOT.Nice game."
,Recommended,325420,20858152,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,GidSkid,One of the best games of all time! 190 hours and still going strong absolutely love this game!! especially after HB14!bit of a steep learning curve but that's no reason not to buy it practice makes perfect! i definitely recommend this game! :D
76561198085700788,Recommended,325420,33738666,Posted: 23 July,all,Shadowknight908,Really good game but gotta do some pros and cons-pro Really fun-Con Steep learning curve on the building system-pro Great community with a bunch of nice people-con fairly expensive for a early access game-con Not alot of workshop content-final pro Really content packed updates-final con Update delaysTLDR; i reccommend this game its really fun and has a great community
,Recommended,325420,32642970,Posted: 22 June,all,Tylissius,"Okay, with 500 hours under my belt, I feel what I say is justifiable.This game is awesome. However, it does have a few hiccups. You've gotta expect that with any game early in development!I'll keep it simple:Pros:Advanced and intuitive building system, easy to learn, but very difficult to master.Nice community, always willing to help.Nice graphics, albeit unfinished.Good physics, albeit slightly glitchy.Huge variety of stuff you can build.Cons:Very. VERY. Steep learning curve.Rough-around-the-edges experimental multiplayer.Slow updates, but active development.Tl:Dr: Great game, if you're willing to push hard and learn it, its a very rewarding feeling to finish a project. But, you have to mind glitches."
,Recommended,325420,20672456,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,SatedMilkMan,Absolutely Amazing! Played 50.7hours at the time of writing this and I jsut cant stop. If I didnt have school or a girlfriend I would be well over 200 hours of gameplay by now. If youre interested in Minecraft or Roblox or just any other sandbox game this is the one for you. Its simple to learn but gets a bit techy at times. Worth the buy if you're creative or just a lover of science/engineering/design.11/10
,Recommended,325420,33167205,Posted: 2 July,all,Warmaster_Prime,Fantastic game!!!!! Works at over 70 FPS....1.) FREEDOM!!!!!!2.) WEAPONS!!!!!!3.) AIRCRAFT COMPONENTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!4.) EVERYTHING THAT YOU CAN DREAM OF CAN BE BUILT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!VERY SATISFIED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,325420,13153058,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Shrimpalimpa,"This Game has MASSIVE potential if the devs know what they're doing.I would hold off at this point though, as making vehicles is slow, and based on trial and error. That, and the only things you can make end up looking like dune buggies, even blimps.The UI needs serious work, and remapping controlls is an absolute nightmare.But besides that, this game is unique and fun. It is aiming for a realitively untouched genre and so far handles it quite well. The tools are simple enough for a beginner, but complex enough for people who want to fine tune things down to the fiftieth decimal and create extreme, realistic things.I just hope that this does not end up like starbound, which ceased development right after being put up and was left in alpha for a shamefully long time, with only a few fun things to do. If these developers could NOT do that, it would be great.Unless you cannot resist the idea of making your own space rocket submarine blimp that looks like dune buggy, you might just want to hold off on this one.EDIT (Half a year later):The dev team working on this is amazing! They listen to all forms of ideas and recommendations, applying as much as they can at an unbelievable pace. I remeber recommending them to add panels to make the vehicles look more realistic. Sure enough, just look at it now in the screenshots. They added it. This is truly a great early acess game that promises so much, while delivering at the same time. It sets the standard for how an early access game should be managed. If you enjoy racing, simulation games, building and sandbox games, this game will be the magnum opus of your Steam library!"
76561197992386308,Recommended,325420,19092116,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,CTRL_ALT_DESTRUCTION,"very brilliant game, you can really feel a sense of accomplishment when finishing a complicated vehicle that works when you test it. takes some time but when you pick it up you'll never want too stop making awesome vehicles with the games infinite customisation/creation options"
76561198063892034,Recommended,325420,32428771,Posted: 15 June,all,TheGreatPotatoe,"Homebrew is one of those games that once you get going, you can't stop (evident by my 900+ hours and climbing.) Put simply: Homebrew is a vehicle builder where the only limitation is  your determination and imagination!There's definately a pretty steep learning curve concerning some of the build aspects and the logic in Homebrew. But, if you ever get stuck Homebrew has an incredible community where more than a few people are more than willing to lend a hand. Then, once you get past the learning curve Homebrew becomes this marvelous game where you can push your creativity, imagination, and knowledge to create some beautiful vehicles (or buildings) and then make it work with all the bells and whistles.When you build, it's entirely up to you when to say enough features is enough for one vehicle, from the simple forward/back, left/right car to a jet that can take off and land on its own to a rocket (or other vehicle) that can take off, fly somewhere, return and land! The best part: these are just three examples I came up with on the fly and by no means guidlines for any vehicle nor are they suggestions to how simple that vehicle might be. I.E.: that ""simple"" car I described might actually be the most complex thing you've ever built because it has active aerodynamics, steering assist, an automatic gearbox you made yourself, and so much more!In addition to Homebrew's top notch builder, you can enjoy your vehicles in multiplayer with everyone else and their vehicles! From simple car shows or ""knowledge swaps"" to races organized by the community to build contests (also organized by the community) there's very rarely no one on Homebrew's official servers.In all, Homebrew is a wonderful game that I highly recomend to anyone looking to build the cars, motorcycles, helicopters, planes, rockets, airships, boats, subs, etc. of their dreams while challenging themselves with finding the perfect shape or successfully completing a logic system.It's also the best feeling when something you've been trying to get to work after days of hair ripping, tear jerking, blood losing frustrations starts working perfectly."
,Recommended,325420,31679058,Posted: 11 May,all,Being_Bright,Want to build a car?You can!!!Want to build a plane?You can!!!Want to build a boat?You can!!!Want to build a flying fish that can fly faster than the speed of sound?YOU CAN!!!The options are endless.
76561198042578768,Recommended,325420,34624189,Posted: 30 August,all,NuCLeAr_ELiTe,A uniquely interactive game which does require some patience and time to get to learn. But once the basics are learned then it does catch on quickly. There are very few if any games that have this level of detail in Vehicle creation.
76561198111200339,Recommended,325420,32842242,Posted: 26 June,all,prizedcoffeecup,"This is seriously a great game...more than worth the price tag! Takes a couple minutes to figure out the very basics but it's very enjoyable to mess around in otherwise, and I never thought this game would give me something so fresh to do.The weapons update is like taking an already fresh breath of air and freshening it up even more...I built a simple little gun car with a 20mm rotary autocannon and had a blast running and gunning today!"
,Recommended,325420,13160666,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Miniature White Laborer,"Looking forward to all the updates! This game has the ability to be huge.My initial early access impressions are good, of course as this is early access, the UI (which is going to be improved) needs some work, and the physics, especially for the Air vehicles will need some tweaking. Again, this is Early Access, so everything is readily subject to change.Definitely worth the money now, due to what this game will become!If you've not bought it already, why not??!"
76561198051426572,Recommended,325420,26059022,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,ignorendo,"Really fun. Of course, it lacks some guides inside the game, you have to guess or find somewhere else what parts does what. It can be frustrating in the beginning, but when you´re catched you get addicted to it.It´s very stable for early access game, it´s better looking than most building vehicles games.It lacks on the physics, sometimes driving feelsreally weird, but maybe there is some way to tweak that.Some games I seen of the samekind have some more realism on the building part, with bendig and cracking structures of the vehicle, that not happen on this one."
,Recommended,325420,23088189,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Field Medic,"One thing before I start is that I want to say that this game is in development by a very small team, a very dedicated and easy to talk to, but very small.That being said, those of you not familiar with the early access process should probably have taken the time to read a little bit about it before buying this game.  I have purchased many early access games on steam and while I wouldn't mind it if games had to be a bit better before being released to the public, I still enjoyed the process of just about every game I became a part of.  Some early access games I have been apart of took years to get to a playable state.  Maybe I'm just too patient.Now on to the review!As others have said, this is a sandbox building game where you can connect various pieces to make various things to drive and fly around a fairly large game area.  The build system, while a bit tricky at first, is surprisingly flexible and for those of you who know gmod/source welds, it is refreshing in how rigid the various components are and how easy it is to lift the hood and really customize things from gear ratios to fuel tank sizes.At this point in development, there are few different components ranging from small gasoline engines to vectored thrust jet engines plus all the necessary connectors and logic components needed to make them do what you want with them.  A huge selling point here is that it is not a voxel based assembly system but rather more like legos where some of the legos come in different sizes and you can even bend them to meet the way you want them to.Once you bring your creations into the world they behave more or less how you would expect them to.  The physics need work but they are quite usable and in a lot of cases the developers took the time to really get things right rather than ""cheating"" like some other games do when it comes to the calculations behind the scenes.I personally like making 6 wheeled monster trucks to drive on a tight cliff track or to try to optimize my propeller on my small scout plane so that it rotates just shy of the speed of sound to keep it at optimum efficiency.Having followed the forums a little bit, I can see that there will be some upcoming updates to physics _and_ multiplayer which is quite exciting as I can't wait to race my solar powered cars around a huge oval track or try to find and shoot down other planes that encroach on my building area.  I won't use the word potential here because you really never know, but from what I see as an armchair designer/engineer, I can't wait.In conclusion:  Don't buy this if you don't want to be in an alpha test of a physics sandbox game that changes a lot for the better.  There are other games out there in a high level of development that will satisfy your desires better...but I can say I have never found a game like this that quite captures what it is I love to do-design and test vehicles in a varied and interesting environment.  Sprinkle in some multiplayer and some exciting new parts and you're looking at an excellent addition to the world of sandbox games."
,Recommended,325420,13008825,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Midi Blitz,"Probably my first very in-depth review:Updated 11/19/14This game is exactly what Minecraft, Terraria, Starbound, Starmade, Space Engineers, all of those gamescan'tbe. Even with their fancy mods and workshop items. This game is a sandbox that goes down to the pipe, to the engine, to the little motor you wouldn't think to place in a plane. It's exactly what it says on the box:Step 1, Make object.Step 2: Fly/drive/boat (soon)/etc object,Step 3: ????Step 4: Profit may vary.As a bonus, there a sort of free roam aspect to the game where you can roam around as an actual living human being instead of just an entity that inhabits the menu system. Along with that, I downloaded this getting something I didn't even expect to get: Multiplayer. I don't know how it works yet since I haven't forced this game onto a friend, but that'll change.As of this review, there've been many updates over these past seven days alone. A good sign that this is constantly being worked on.On the downside,however, this game is still taking some getting used to even now, and the controller settings really aren't optimal yet. And it's not really just the controller, but the keyboard controls sometimes either don't work, or are just weird. There's a TON of Engrish in just about every bit of dialogue (while it doesn't hinder gameplay, it does hinder game quality), and do I even lift? (An engine? Into a freaking plane without glitching the wing into the other one and forcing a tail fin onto the ground without breaking it off?).Finally, the price tag as of this moment is probably not worth it if you're into waiting for Steam Sales only to buy all of your games. Maybe at a later date when issues are fixed and a lot of things are added, sure, but until then, maybe $9.99 USD.Despite all of the bad, I still recommend it if you want more detail out of your building time."
76561198089745052,Recommended,325420,14362842,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,kootranovadanzkittys,its a cool sandbox game its hard to do stuff at first but the more you play the more you learn
,Recommended,325420,12959237,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,PolarFire,"Amazing just brilliant! Lots of fun! you will lose track of time just because you have to improve your newest creation. ou have to get this if you like games like Gmod, Kerbal space program or any sandbox game in general! Im not saying its the same because is way different you have never seen this befor, the freedom and fun is amazing.Realy good even at this early stage!"
,Recommended,325420,23666414,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,[ LUMOS ] HardKiller ( GS ),homebrew and homebrew v14 is a very well made game this game lets ya brain run wild with bendable pipes plates u name it this game as it i love this game loads and its very addictive the dev team and the homebrew community are awsome but if u like to build what ever u want without limits this game is for you 10/10 its a must buy game loads of fun keep up the good work dev team
76561198059561821,Recommended,325420,29846002,Posted: 11 February,all,stinkie,"LOVE it.For the peaple that are saying just after 3 hours playing that it sucks, you are not even trying.Becouse building a working project you are almost building 2 hours to get a prototype just saying.10/10 would buy it again"
,Recommended,325420,28698361,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,tuvazeock,"So far I'm having a blast with this game.  Anything with this kind of freedom is my kind of game.There are plenty of parts to choose from with enough customization (You get to ""wire"" everything together) you can make just about anything.Though, I am hoping they add more parts.Still has a long way to go (No decouplers for example) but I'm expecting it to only get better.Great game!"
,Recommended,325420,22265444,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Supertoast GT,"You can pretty much build anything. That crazy Hotwheels car with 4 engines you saw as a kid? Yup. An offroad crawling jeep? Yup. A high speed vehicle that breaks the sound barrier? Yup. A monster 6x6 truck? Sure. Flying toaster? Yup.Learning some of it's features and the tuner menu may take some getting used to, (It's not as complicated as it looks unless you have a million working parts.) but it's rewarding spending time on something and seeing it brought to life.There are occasional crashes while skinning (Adjusting metal plates to form a body) but it is a work in progress.There are a few odd things Iv'e noticed in the physics though, like the amont of engines you install and wire up don't affect speed or acceleration, but simply having bigger wheels does.Also traction and friction could use adjusting. Even at maximum traction in the tuner, the tiniest slope, even a 1 degree downhill spot of terrain causes your vehicle to slowly slide as if the terrain is made of black ice.Small issues aside it's great. Once it gets weapons, it will be the best and most powerful vehicle builder there is."
,Recommended,325420,13035959,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Intel® Core™ i7-7700K Process,this game is fun If you like messing arownd with vehicles
,Recommended,325420,21798528,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,The Silent Occupant,"Interesting building game, will enjoy seeing where it ends up on its road out of early access."
76561198079386215,Recommended,325420,14600634,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,The CBR Guy,Built a multistage rocket. Launched it and in about 15000 Metres it turned toward the ground and hit it with full thrusters and supersonic speed.10/10 would launch again
,Recommended,325420,19184435,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Spooky Meowt,First build: why wont this workSecond build: did i remember to assign wheels?Third build: i forgot to add fuel tanks didnt i?Fourth build: why is this flipping when i activate the propellers?19th build: why wont this worksome of my common questions in homebrew
,Recommended,325420,23574906,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,GINGANINJA323,"Basically Scrap Mechanic but more advanced and complicated, yet suprisingly easy to grasp.Pros:Advanced partsLots of flexibilityReally nice panel editor for custom shapesCurvable and directional pipes and straights for complex machinesBig, varied snadboxNicely done tuner system to link everything togetherPowerful vehicle editorCons:Slightly complicatedPanel editor and other UI elements can get confusing/frustrating at timesStrange ground/traction physics (Land machines will randomly slide on flat terrain, even though the machine hasn't been driven and the brakes are applied)"
,Recommended,325420,28879088,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Dank Boost King,"This is a perfect example of what a good sandbox game should be... Even though it is currently an early access game, it still very fun, the graphics are amazing, and every little aspect of your projects in the game are customizable. However, it will be challenging to those who don't know much about physics. Anyway, the developers are doing a perfect job on this game and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,325420,28752630,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,BRAAP♛,"Very complicated game, But once you get used to it, the game is very enjoyable. Multiplayer is a blast too! Everyone in the community is hands-on and ready to help you!"
,Recommended,325420,25415562,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,dearway,All is good but! We need Mirroring and Fine adjusting for bodyworks.
,Recommended,325420,33726086,Posted: 22 July,all,123Nick,"this game you can literally build anything you want- you have so much ability to creatre what you want,  every shape of metal exterior, every frame, ANYTHING- if u can dream it u can build it."
,Recommended,325420,13015385,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,The Almighty Loaf,"The game may be early access and have a few things missing here and there, however for what it does have the promise is unreal. Almost anything you can think of can be done if you are welling to put the time in to build it. I will admit the tutorials help a little, but not too much, in fact I had to learn most of the main mechanics through trail and error which is quite a lot of fun. Overall is I reccommend it to anyone who loved Banjo Kazzoie Nuts and Bolts or is just interested in a vehicle sandbox game. Those of you who do decide to buy it, keep in mind that sure the price might seem a little out there for an early access game, but remember it supports these developers so they can make this game from this moldable greatness into something truely great."
,Recommended,325420,26891495,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,G2.0 | Domenic77x,"Steam Awards- This game should win because it allows you to do many think that include building cars, planes, boats and much more. This game has lots of potentiol!This game is by far my favourite game that I've played in 2016.Pros- Very detailed parts- Lots of parts- Very nice map- Great physicsCons- No symetry line tool yet- Make the color tool more easy to use"
,Recommended,325420,29613995,Posted: 31 January,all,DasEtwas | SooS,Homebrew is a versatile vehicle beuilding game with frequent updates and a fantastic dev team!
76561198022294475,Recommended,325420,12954205,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Tiearian,"Overall, this game has alot of potential. Though at its current state, its not very detailed, in the way the mechanics work. If this is changed, then this could become a very fun tool to create new ideas in. Though at the moment, it feels more like a lego game.The Tutorial System Is very odd, and brief. Though if you can notice the little ""?"" Icon, there is more detail within it.Unfortunatly, when you finally finish creating something, it doesn't react the way you wanted it to, at all. Not because you failed at realizing the physics engine, but because it just isn't indepth as it needs to be.Physics, are, well to say the least, quite bad. For instance, If you were to make a basic plane, put four wings on it, and One Prop, and go full RPM, you will just go up in the air, and spin chaoticly in circles. Also there is no individual part physics involved. What I mean by this, is it doesn't seem like the prop (for instance) has its own weight, causing it to have no centrifugal force. Meaning there is no torque/pressure rotation in the given direction the prop is spinning from.- Aswell, as there is no way to view (while building your vehicle) where the weight lies within the vehicle parts and/or the completed vehicle. Which partially leads me to believe, that the weight is only cut into a hand full of segments on your final vehicle, instead of each part having its own weight. Now this may not seem big now, but it will make a significant difference of  a realisitic inventive experiences, down the road.- Due to the lack of realistic physics in this game, It makes your inventions feel... well, not so inventive. More like you've put some lego together(for an hr or two) and then started running around your room going... VROOOOOM!!! (not saying those weren't epic times, Just saying theres a time and place, and this isn't it.)The Keyboard layout, is boarder line. There are some odd keys like, P & M, that adjust your given throttle. Where R & F, would be significantly more suitable. (In opinion)HowEVER, if they can fix these things in updates, then it will become very rewarding. Though at the moment, when you are finaly done your craft/vehicle, the reward is very underwhelming.The way this Game sits, it should be roughly $9.99 CAD. Not $19,99.Future Updates, like Gear boxes, and/or Gear Systems, and 360 Degree hinges, Would add much more diversity. And of course, a better physics engine. :)"
,Recommended,325420,13053073,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Dew,"10/10 I love this game, I think the idea behind it is great! At first I didn't get  how you can go outside and test your vehicles. But once I found out this game became heaven. I absoloutely love the customization this game offers. I would recommend this game to anyone. I even like the fact that you can go through trees, because if you would collide with trees... this game would be a little bit more frustrating. I can't wait to see what's coming next! I may have bot played this game for long, but I can definately say, I will play this game a whole ton more. I think this game has ALOT of potencial, and I hope that never gos to waste.Keep up the good work Copy Bug Paste!"
,Recommended,325420,16611190,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,WolfBait,EveryThing I wanted and Expected and I know there is still more to come so amazing
,Recommended,325420,13989291,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Preparation Hash,"Love this game, dev team is quick to help solving bugs, yes some glitches appear here and there but overall game is very good :)"
76561198064482227,Recommended,325420,13071813,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,americajuana,Having lots of fun playing !
76561198114093568,Recommended,325420,28330190,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,gameboy 420,This game has great potential... I really like it.
76561198084675921,Recommended,325420,12988398,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,integralplayer,A great idea; I've been waiting for a complex mechanical building game. I see a ton of potential so long as the developers don't pocket their money and abandon the game like so many other early access titles. Not currently worth $15
76561198113963669,Recommended,325420,12991396,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Muhammad Jihad,"Really enjoying it so far, besides from a few bugs i have encountered. It does need a bit of tweaking on the phyisics and UI side but it's definitely playable. Overall glad i put my money into this because i see a lot of potential in it."
76561198185548186,Recommended,325420,32430558,Posted: 15 June,all,knepane,"I recomend this game to anyone that like's to build what ever comes to their mind, the comunity is nice and helpfouland the dev's seem to be interested in the feedback we give them, there is a learning curve to  this game to make some more complicated builds but you get a lot of tips from other players. Even tho this is a early access game you can still create a lot of vehicles or other things you can think of it's defenitly worth to get this game, if you are a creative type you will get a lot of bang for your buck with this game."
,Recommended,325420,34818786,Posted: 8 September,all,tam585,i reccomend this game because it has one of the best communities i have encountered.with this game if you really take youre time you can get some amazing resultsi would recommend this to anyone who likes sandbox building gamesalso it is getting updates from time to time
76561198267507848,Recommended,325420,26642560,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,thesilentdang3r,"Pretty fun game, making a vehicle is pretty much hopeless for me, so I have fun messing around with downloaded vehicles. Would be an amazing game with easier building and a story mode.ProsFunOpen WorldModsMultiplayerAttractive enough, could be better thoughConsHard to build a vehicle (for me at least)No real point to itGets boringWorld isn't the biggest, I would say comparable to Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas or IVOverall = 6.5/10 for now, future updates may yield better results"
,Recommended,325420,25639762,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Da Gryk,"Copy Bug Paste have done a great job all these years... They even told me via email how to skip the tutorial a year before.. I may not play the game as a builder yet, but I really enjoy downloading from the community.."
,Recommended,325420,12976525,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Pardon_My_Waffles,"I have so far really liked this game, its a very complex blend of a somewhat brain teaser and it gets all detailed, down to the very type of wheel. In general a great game for everyone."
,Recommended,325420,26151557,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Delta-Foxtits,An absolutely amazing vehicle creation game. If you enjoy building things and tinkering with them this game is a must have!
,Recommended,325420,12942910,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,DRnibbles,"This game is something i have always wanted to play, The ammount of hours i spent in Banjo-Kazooie: Nut's and Bolt's is silly so when i found this game on steam i was happy to get it and try it out,So far, its kinda difficult to play this, for the sake of What does the buttons do? What is this? What is that? the game just threw me into it, and so far im confused as all hell.But i am hoping this stuff is fixed soon. then it will make it easyier to play.If you are someone who can work though the GUI, Get it, Until the game gets a better system, dont bother getting this."
,Recommended,325420,25288105,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Chicken Sprag,i can see this alpha game is going to develop into a great game! really fun once you learn how to build.and i like its very actvie discord community and concerning dev team
76561198086418143,Recommended,325420,13847526,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Sarthos_Jacruga,"The name says it all. This is a Vehicle Sandbox, and if you enjoy creating and driving vehicles of any kind, be them boats, planes, trucks, cars, you need this game, plain and simple."
,Recommended,325420,32011644,Posted: 27 May,all,OutRun,"The actual building part is good, let's you build anything, even stuff like body panels can be formed. The actual ddriving hysics fall flat though. Boat physics are fine and my friend that has messed around with the planes/flight mechanics says those physics are fine."
,Recommended,325420,20499439,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,-EUCALIPTUS,I agree with Aperture Science its really cheap and really fun at first i wasn't sure what to expect but it was worth the $17.99.The developerd are really active in making the game better in any means possible.its just a great game and if you dont belive me go try the demo
,Recommended,325420,12986565,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Solarsheep,"I've played some fantastic games in my time, but the Dev's for Homebrew pull out all the stops. On the 16th of this month, a letter was found, and was followed by two other clues, and a huge hint from the dev's. Everything is easily accessible, you just have to do a little metaphorical digging on the forums.The reward for the searching, well, it's really something special. It's worth putting some time into finding the secret of the pyramid...A big thanks has to go to ""Neothehitman"" for the hints that he created and placed around the Homebrew community. He didn't just come out with the solution, instead he made something of a mystery from it, giving me and others a good time investigating and trying to work it all out. Look out for more from him in this game.Of course, the Dev's need some love too, they've created an already fantastic game, filled with easter eggs and mystery. As well as the obvious great gameplay, which lets you build pratically anything. I don't think I've been unable to make something I have imagined.It's true that the game is tricky to get to know and learn at first, however it more than makes up for this with the amount of content and freedom it gives you. Even at this extremely early point in development, I haven't faced any game crashes, or even that many bugs. Which for an early access at this stage, is extremely good going.All in all, this game is a must buy. Why are you still reading? Buy it NOW!!!"
,Recommended,325420,28698616,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Avalanche Software's #1 Fan,"Worth it on sale, too hard for full price."
76561198079626757,Recommended,325420,32703986,Posted: 23 June,all,-|D2N|- Alacard,"UPDATED AGAIN - Developer has demonstrated to me, personally, what I need to do to accomplish my goals.  Overwhelmed.  Buy this product!UPDATED - My complaint has been addressed and it was due to my ignorance.Origional:Control Mapping is broken.You can remap some controls (running on foot) from WASD to ESDF, but you cannot do the same with vehicles.Example:https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/850467179430218872/812FC0813E47057A5C16E5F192F1199D6BDE0C4C/I await developer feedback."
,Recommended,325420,25929828,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Antesnov,"So far so good. I can build stuff which is awesome and then I can drive it as I want. Some things I would like to suggest...Maybe instead of cubes, why not have the pipes be joined together using node like spheres? Everything can join together at one point and be nice and smooth. When it comes to adding engines or other things, same node feature, except you can add stuff anywhere on the pole. Of course anything added would remain horizontally flat unless adjusted otherwise for the neat freaks.We have the boats. We have the Planes. And we have the cars. What about trains? Maybe later?"
,Recommended,325420,13605273,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,draco_aroch,"Ever had an idea for a great vehicle?  Ever wanted to spend hours designing it - tweaking every joint until it was perfect?  Ever wanted to feel the satisfaction of the physics engine realizing your genius and completely submitting to this amazing design?If so, move along.  This game is a dreamshatterer - in a way.  I have so many ideas for vehicles and I can build them in a few hours, but that is just the beginnng.  After it is built, you still have real world physics to deal with.  Take KSP, throw in tons more customizations, and of course remove the whole space thing (for now?), and you have this game.  ;)My only complaint is a minor one.  The world is really small.  I finally built a jet that could get up to 4500km/h, but I hit the end of the world before it reaches its full potential.  When this happens, you just pop back up at the garage.  It is a minor complaint, because I am sure the world will be vast and much more populated (with challenges - like inside the arena area).  And yes, it has sonic booms."
,Recommended,325420,12987828,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,╲⎝⧹╲⎝⧹ketcham1009⧸⎠╱⧸⎠╱,It's the best vehicle building/driving simulator I've ever played11/10
76561198064180538,Recommended,325420,13082169,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,vegafoxfire,best game ever
76561198140433799,Recommended,325420,26545829,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,lordtor90,Great love the new updateMany ours whit constructionRecommend : Yes 👍👍
,Recommended,325420,18417770,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Autismo,its a really good game but sadly i dont have the computer to run it and i recomend it to everyone thats intredsted in games like this i would like to thank the copy bug paste team for the hours of injoyment that i both have and will get from this game
,Recommended,325420,25404799,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Ｍｅｇａｎｏｍａｎｉx,i bought this game last earand its getting better and better trought each dayhigly recommendedi h8 8\8 m8
,Recommended,325420,20722026,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,minipop103,by far the greatest vehicle building game there is on steam you dont even have to make a vehicle you can literally build anything and yes you can build a giant space monster that consumes the entire world while its eating the world in a sandvich literally they say it perfectly the only limit is your imagination i extremly recommend this game to anyone who likes building games and have fun
,Recommended,325420,30258248,Posted: 1 March,all,Gnomie,The only limit to Homebrew Vehicle Sandbox is your imagination! Want to build a buggy? You can do that. Want to build a flying hippo? Well.......you can do that too!
76561198077886622,Recommended,325420,13724087,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Stank Ferret,great game for a creative person. tutorial is straight forward in getting you on your way to building. pipe editor is awesome it allows so many possiblities in design and creativity11/10 first car i made only went backwords would play again
76561198061761734,Recommended,325420,23833909,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,method9927,"Very cool game... I think the vehicle editor is straight up ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. What you had going on in v13 was a hell of a lot more managable. I love the components list so far. Keep expanding water capabilies... Remote options, hubs that are universal, dampeners, FLUID POWER options! I think I would love to see these included! Overall a kick♥♥♥♥♥game though. Thanks!"
76561198202172671,Recommended,325420,30444826,Posted: 11 March,all,King_Killer,I like how you can build whatever you want. But there is more stuff you can add. One thing you should add is a symetry line so you can add stuff to one side of your vehicle and not have to worry about the other side.
,Recommended,325420,32028503,Posted: 28 May,all,[82DK] ✠Operator✠,"Absolutely amazing, this game allows you to build the vehicle of your dreams. Anything from a tiny rc car to the biggest bomber. You can make your dreams come true in this great game. If you have 17.99 and don't know what to spend it on, get this game. (at the time of writing this review it is on sale so get it now!)"
,Recommended,325420,30475976,Posted: 12 March,all,Redundant Loyalist,"I love this game, the indepth building engine for any vehicle you want is soo nice to play with and all the game need is a workshop for user made item/objects to add them into game. Workshop vehicles are nice but it needs user made components.Still a fantastic game."
,Recommended,325420,32008533,Posted: 27 May,all,Epic1012345,HomeBrew Is pretty coolIt looks nice and people can build awesome vehicles  my only problem is i have no idea how to make a working vehicle so i gave up  if you are willing to put up with trial and error you might like this
76561198071966582,Recommended,325420,32381547,Posted: 12 June,all,Wristy | Kekistan,"I come to this game with plenty high hopes and although this game has come along alot since i first started playing it for just the small development team it has and the neat features it posseses that allow you to do so many new things that arent as explored in many vehicle sandbox games I still find this game lacking. Yes there is the ability to talk to the dev team they hide plenty of things they develope from us. For the price tag which is (at this time) $17.99 USD I belive we should be more open to the new content being developed. This game however being as new as it is has many challanging aspects for the new player to learn to do. and although the large amount of content open or mainly just for tutorial purposes I still found many things in this game hard to grasp and learn to do. This game however is a fun game for those who learn to play and use it, But if you have questions for some things you wont find much help from the community in game most of the time who are almost all the time worried about other things like races and there vehicles to help the new struggleing players. The personalitys possesed by some of the community members being rather colorful to say the least, i dont think this game posseses a large community of helpful people. And be as it may that i am bashing on the community im not at all saying there not capeable of helping the ones struggleing with the new consepts they just never decide to help you out and your questions for help useually end up burred in the comments being layed about things that could be spared for later on. and although i could have gave this game a negitive reveiw i do give it some slack based on the sole fact that it is an up and comming game and the community is yet to grow. but for this time i still do belive there are many things that can be worked on with this game, and for the heafty price tag we should be given more transparancy to the things in developement and the game should atleast have a larger group of devs to speed up the production of new things in the game. Also as a note for anyone reading this reveiw please exscuse the spelling, i am wirting this late at night and I dont really care to fix any errors. I do hope people enjoy the game with the new and upcomming features to be added but at this point in time im not even sure what those are. every time i ask to see what it is that will be added im told I have to wait even though i wasted $17.99 of my money to purchase a game that isnt even near completetion......"
,Recommended,325420,19262533,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,"[75th]Fierce""Doc""Melon","Homebrew Vehicle Sandbox has been around for awhile now but never ceases to amaze me. The developers are a crew of friends constantly active on all forums to make the game as Fantastic as possible, in the year of the game existing they have constantly strived to make this game perfect as a team of four could.*Gameplay:Homebrew is a smooth playing game that doesn't demand much from the pc itself, and is extermly fun due to a few gadgets and randomly spawned vehicles. Be aware Homebrew can get confusing when building due to the tuning areas updated design and falling through the fall is normal(just use teleporter gadget)*Community:Homebrew uses steam but the real community is in Discord, the discord community consists of the awesome devs, pros with nearly/over 1000 hours that are willing to help every step of the way and normal people how just chat, suggest and many other things. You as a player will always be welcomed by the community.*Bugs and Bug fixes:The CopyBugPaste team is always and i mean ALWAYS fixing as many bugs as possible in the shortest amount of time, from gamebreaking all the way through to shadows dancing on their own.*Don't get mad:It is easy to get mad when stuff like planes not taking off, cars sliding out of control, etc. Just take a breath, watch a tutorial or ask the community. There's always a solution and don't rate the game badly or complain on the internet becuase you can't figure it out, don't ruin this game becuase you weren't calm.(may update review soon)"
,Recommended,325420,29185693,Posted: 11 January,all,TheEwaffle,"This game has a steep learning curve (the wikis great), but once you learn how to use the builder properly the things that can be built are mind blowing, a pong game for instance. If you don't like games without a real purpose though, then this isn't for you. It has an active developer staff who actually listen (I know right!) and the community is extremely kind and helpful both in the ingame chat and on the games discord server."
76561198082750126,Recommended,325420,34995056,Posted: 16 September,all,Truxton,"If you enjoy building 1:1 replicas of the starship enterprise, then this is the game for you.If you enjoy messing around with logic functtions, so that you can make a game within a game, then this is the game for you."
76561197977355858,Recommended,325420,25254728,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Amenophys,"This is not my kind of game after all, but if you like to craft things like cars, planes and submarines, you will enjoy this game.The realistic physics system and the limited amounts of parts are constraints in this game, and you are driven towards making realistic constructions.There is nothing else to do except crafting, at the moment of this review. I highly suggest you look at 20mins+ gameplay videos and the DLC community content to know if this is for you.There is however a small but active community around this title, and caring developers who actually are live on forums.This is why I rate it postively, despite it not being for me."
,Recommended,325420,18781586,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,ïLØLΣÜ,"If you like difficulty & detail, this might be perfect for you!!!"
76561198053587408,Recommended,325420,16811986,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Kevasis,Workshop please!it would be amazing to share and download other players creations!
,Recommended,325420,28923397,Posted: 1 January,all,r0ckness,The best vehicle sandbox on market. Buy it now and enjoy.
76561198067388386,Recommended,325420,13503068,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Arkzenir,it looks like its hard to build stuff but when youfinis the quests first it gives you the basic training very well. Than you can experiment.I made a plane with no wings and it flew like a drunk duck.10/10
,Recommended,325420,33148377,Posted: 2 July,all,naoro,"Me liek. You get to talk to the developer about things that shall not be named too (to a certain extent i guess)! Sad how not many people play this game. In a sense, I like seeing the same people because it's sorta like logging on when your friend logs on, but it do keep in mind that there isn't many other players in multiplayer (singleplayer also included). Also keep in mind to get shot a lot because there was a new weapons update that made vehicles OP if it had the mini gun on it. I haven't even scratched the surface because there is so much but i can already make a plane and a car.tl;dr: its good, thought it wasn't gonna be good cuz it looked complicated but I actually loved it. Also if you join the discord, say ""dev san plz don't touch me there.""9/11 rating, the twin towers loved it too i guess."
76561198082254770,Recommended,325420,13326407,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Bardouv,if you can't figure out the mystery of the pyramid then don't bother.10/10a good time waster
76561198083622653,Recommended,325420,13177735,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Button Mashta Leo,"Game is great so far, but it is early access. Building aint that hard as long as you aren't one of those types that just want to rush everything.....if the default tutorial aint specific they do have pics of what to do...plus a more detailed tutorial if you still have problems. Also a big help, in the menu for each part there is a blue question mark that gives details on what each setting for that part does and is for etc. I mastered the building within the first 5 minutes once i got to start, but thats just me.....i ain't a mechanic or engineer etc, so i originally know nothing of what everything means so i occasionally have to check the parts question mark description until its burnt into my brain. Yes the interface needs a bit of work, and its hard to control any ariel vehicles making it hard to acquire any orbs within the air (orbs are currency for parts....there are 3 colours,   and one is harder to get then the other.....and some parts recquire a certain amounts of each orb. This makes you work to create your mean machines but once you get everything its rewarding enough making your sick ride....but a creation obviously never works as intended on the first get go....like real life there will be adjustments over and over. Yes there are physics so if you spawn your vehicle on a hill....it will go down duh!!!! Textures need work as well as shadows. there are a lot of parts to buy with orbs to create your own vehicle. the only part you dont have to buy is frames/pipes to build your vehicles shape. Give it moment of your time, and if you feel like its not enough then wait for some updates. I believe it is worth it, and if you still think that the tutorial isn't specific enough to you, then please just go to there sight, log into forum and ask questions like a human being instead of right away complaining, and or wasting a reveiw like i see some people. Thank you"
,Recommended,325420,22386825,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Tidreit,The game is all about building new vehicles and seeing if they work.
76561198090151987,Recommended,325420,25170401,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Jaffa,"This is something that will keep your mid set for hours, days, weeks... Even though this is still in early access. I'd like to see a mirroring tool introduced soon though. When building something you want to be exactly as on the other side of the vehicle, you'll have to do a ridiculous amount of work. A tool to mirror a panel or a pipe would be welcome. BUT, as said this is still in early access, I think the devs will get on it at some point.10/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,325420,22502505,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Smudger818,exccelent game i love it cant wait for future updates i wish you could make building a little easier also i was kinda hoping to be able to get all the vehicles that are in the vedio cant you add it to the defaults bit in the workshop or something
76561198103568765,Recommended,325420,15865782,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,JESUS LOVES ALL OF US,"Homebrew Vehicle Sandbox Is A Fantastic Game! An awesome DEV Team, and it's only getting better. I highly  recommend this game you WILL NOT BE disappointed."
,Recommended,325420,23242929,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,AcidHound_X,"If you like a game that is very confusing, this is for you"
,Recommended,325420,25730335,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,✪ Mekelek,"I was about to return the game at 2 hour mark but then i decided to give the game a change!Now if you know me, im a creative kinda guy who loves these kinda ""sandbox"" games where you can do what you feel doing.I always come from a hard day at school home saying ""Now i can relax from all the stress and enjoy Homebrew again""I love games when they have responsive developers and an Awesome community around it!Im happy that i didnt return the game!It is well worth the money!!I feel this game is going to grow to a big game!And i will do my best to help that come true!- Now again to the community and the developers -Thank you for making my days even better and less stressfullThanks to the awesome community who have helped to understand the game!Thank you for the developers who have created this Awesome game and making it better!And last but not least, Thanks to everybody for making me happy!Thx-Mekelek"
,Recommended,325420,12949246,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,DrunkenFROG,Play this awesome game where the limit is your imagination. oh and also physics :)
76561198119746291,Recommended,325420,24970959,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,[S37K]SmallPawsONE,A nice building game
76561198137181555,Recommended,325420,21567457,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,littlepebble,ok ok ok yes this game is amazing but the new update made the graphics just die and it feels like 1997
76561198095276343,Recommended,325420,15385394,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,demonicxbox2,"Complicated at first but once you know how, it is one of the best games ou tthere for sandbox."
,Not Recommended,325420,13780173,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Kat_CZ,"CZECH/ENGLISH REVIEWCZERecenze na simulační hru Homebrew1.) Hra s velkým potenciálem oslovit milovníky sandboxových her a kreativních nadšenců, avšak už při prvním spustění hry pocítíte, jaké to je když vývojář zapomene na uživatelsky přívětivé prostředí.Nyní bych rád rozebral všechny neduhy této hry.-GrafkaJe v celku nenáročná na to jak je zajímavě zpracována. U tohoto typu her je grafika skoro poslední co bych chtěl řešit, avšak vývojáři dostávají bod navíc za dobrý grafický kabátek.Malinký detail který bych vytknul je moře, které je průměrné což by nevadilo jako tak výrazné okraje břehu a naprosto 0 absence vln, ale to sem nepatří.-FyzikaTo je asi něco o čem vývojáři slyšeli maximálně na základní škole, protože jezdit s lodí po souší 40km/h není vtipné, asi tak jako když jsem jezdil autem na dně moře. Dále bych rád podotknul, že při bouračkách, jak je zvykem se s vozidlem něco děje, tady to neplatí. Občas se nějakému vývojáři podaří ze spackané fyziky ve hře udělat zábavnou věc, ale tady budete asi víc brečet než se smát. A jen dodatek, pokud jedu na své lodi 180 Km/h očekával bych vlny, tady vás moře vesele ignoruje.-ZvukyPříjemně zpracovaný soundtrack a hudba, okolní zvuky zní líbezně, tedy dokud si neuvědomíte, že spousta zvuků ve hře neexistuje. Pro příklad při jízdě na souši kromě motoru toho moc slyšet není, tak jako při bouračce. Kromě absence spousty zvuků jinak nemám co vytknout.-ŘízeníTaková samostatná kapitola této hry. Pokud nemáte ovladač a hrajete PC MASTER RACE, tak vás zklamu. Při zatočení tlačítkem D doprava ihned točíte na plno doprava a to samé doleva, čili naprostá ignorace přirozeného a reálného řízení. To se opravdu nepovedlo.Shrnutí:Hra, která ve vás objeví veškerou kreativitu a pohladí vaše oči na první pohled příjemným prostředím, vám naprosto zničí iluze dobré hry, absencí realističnosti a spoustou chyb, avšak od doby kdy jsem psal první recenzi se hra změnila MNOHEM k lepšímu a už to není ta hra u které bych litoval že jsem si jí kupoval nicméně tohle chce ještě spoustu péče.Hodnotím 5/10Při prvním hodnocení jsem udělil 1/10ENGReview of the simulation game Homebrew1.) Game with great potential to reach fans of sandbox games and creative enthusiasts, but at the first start of the game you will feel what it's like when a developer forgets the user-friendly environment.Now I would like to talk about all the ills of the game.-GraphicIt is quite undemanding at it as interestingly handled. In this type of game graphics is almost the last thing I wanted to talk, but developers get an extra point for good graphic jacket.(The tiny detail that I rebuked is the sea, which is an average that would not be so strange as is so significant edge of the shore and absence of waves, but that's something what doesnt belong to the graphic section)-PhysicsThis is probably something that developers hear last time in elementary school, because when you ride a boat on dry land 40 km/h is unfunny as much as when i was driving the car at the bottom of the sea. I would also like to say that when someone crashes, as is usuall with the vehicle to something happening here does not. Occasionally, some developers manage lack of physics in the game as fun thing that people like, but in this case there will probably be more crying than laughing. And only supplement if I'm going on my ship 180 km/h would expect waves, the sea here will cheerfully ignore you.-SoundsNicely processed soundtrack and music, ambient sounds sounds sweetly until you realize that a lot of the sounds in the game missing. For example, when you driving on land except for the engine there is not too much to hear, like in a car accident. In addition to the absence of many sounds I have nothing to say more.-SteeringSuch a separate chapter of the game. If you do not have controller and you do PC Master Race im gonna disappoint you. Button D for steering to the right immediately spins as much as possible to the right and left is the same, or sheer ignorance of natural/realsitic steering. This is really wrong.Summary:A game that makes your whole creativity appear and caress your eyes at first glance, a pleasant environment, in a 10 minutes will completely destroy the illusion of a good game because of the lack of realism and plenty of mistakes, but since I wrote the first review of the game has changed a LOT better, and it's not the game that I regretted that I bought. however, it needs to have a lot of care.Im giving 6/10Last review i gave 1/10---------------------------------------------------------------Stále hru nedoporučuji, avšak chválím vývojáře za masivní skok dál a věřím že jednou budu moct hru doporučit./I still not recommend the game, however, I praise the developer for a massive jump from the very first alpha stage and i hope that someday I will recommend the game....And sorry for my bad English :< I did not pay attention in school xD"
,Recommended,325420,23788687,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,B1 Battle Droid,"Wait, you can brew cars!?!?"
,Recommended,325420,30952510,Posted: 4 April,all,Happy Jr,Great game! You can get insanly creative with this title. The game might seem complex at first but once you get the hang of it you can build really amazing creations. Wanna build a boat? You can. Wanna build a lamborgini? You can do that. Wanna build a super sonic jet that could break the sound barrier easily? Why not?Pros:Graphics niceNot to complex but not to simpleBuild bassicly anything that you could imaginMultiplayer!!!!111!1!Workshop incase too complexCons:Some bugsThe game is in early access (as of writing this review) which means the devs could abandon it (really low chance)but that also means MORE CONTENT = MORE HYPE!!!!!!
76561198011597778,Not Recommended,325420,21122868,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Noosebrother,"dream, build and enjoy.i dreamed it, i buildt it but i didn't have much enjoyment.why?well i hate, absolutely hate, having to fight the interface to control whatever it was i buildt.i do think i assigned all the buttons and stuff as instructed by the preppy tutorials and when i did finally manage to spawn the thing all my controls i so carefully set up somehow also corresponded to ""looking around"".for a builder it does the job, it looks cool and the ""chuck stuff on the floor before assembly"" thing is actually pretty fun but that is pretty much it.driving around in anything is nasty and flying is fun, but the controls are rubbish.it's early acces so you can expect that sort of thing but it's all too convoluted to be enjoyable for me."
,Not Recommended,325420,25833627,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,FURHAVENBURGER,"Since the new engine update, Best way I can sum it up -The old version was for the kind of people who you would find in machining shop. Craftsmen and women skilled in any number of fields, pouring blood sweat and tears into their creations and contrapions. Breathing life into heaps of discarded metal and garbage. Walls lined with white boards with countless diagrams and measurements.The new version, well, seems to have misplaced the soul it once had. It no longer has that very mechanical feeling. From building, designing or driving.If you never played or seen the old version, you very well love its new form. But they havent even updated the guides on steam for it, so trying to learn the new system is going to be much more difficult. And the new ""instuctions"" are video links to youtube."
,Recommended,325420,13660381,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Csere,It feels like you have full control over making the vehical. (like an engineer)
,Recommended,325420,14641553,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Toj3,love it! you wont regret playing this :)
,Recommended,325420,15766490,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Pyrarr,Edit: The Old One Was Old And This Is The New Review...WHERES THE F**KING MULTIPLAYER FOR HOMEBREW V14!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198093738069,Not Recommended,325420,17608134,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,BusinessGiraffe,Great concept of a game.  Not worth 17 dollars for the state it's in.  Needs work on LOTS of aspects.
,Recommended,325420,17356501,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Toni200012,it's such a great game! i realy like it and i would realy recomment this game! and the secret Credits in the Dome are pretty cool ;)
76561198022036580,Recommended,325420,14575673,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Spooky UnclePhil,holy &%$# I LOVE THIS GAME GET IT NOW!!!!
76561198086766548,Recommended,325420,15469660,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,ZeroBeat,"Ok, so i'm gonna defend the developers here a bit.It's good that people are giving the game critique, and i know for a fact that the devs want to improve on what is bad, and that they read every single complaint. So when you write a negative review, please atleast help out the developers by writing what they need to change and how to make it better and let them do their thing from there on.They really deserve the support, wether it's positive reviews or good critisism."
76561198128288857,Recommended,325420,15519954,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,TheDivineLight,"Although it is an Early Access Game it is really well made, it still has some bugs and can still be improved but so far it is really fun."
76561198117141268,Recommended,325420,34740359,Posted: 4 September,all,wintertech007,plz optimize for smaller pcs
,Recommended,325420,34703923,Posted: 2 September,all,Cosmo Kramer,Very nice.
,Recommended,325420,26276289,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,✇✇DodgeViperACR16✇✇,"HomeBew Vehicle SandboxIs Homebrew a good game?While it may seem hard to grasp at first, Homebrew is actually one of the best vehicle sandbox games on the market right now. A lot of people tell people who are just getting into Homebrew to start off with V13. Given that V14 has been implemented with a lot of new (and complex) features.I'll admit I was worried I would have a tough time trying to make sense of the whole system. The tutorial made up for a lot of my concern by being direct and clear. Once you get the hang of it Hombrew becomes a really open and entertaining game to indulge yourself in. If Space Engineers had a car related counter part I bet Homebrew would be it.I would absolutely recommend this game for those who like cars and something a bit out of the ordinary. If there was one word of warning I would give to someone it would be this:Be patient with V14.As V14 can be quite complicated and will take time to master.This game is 10/10. Would recommend."
,Recommended,325420,31384438,Posted: 26 April,all,Mysterious Kitty,"Wanna be an engineer or architect? if you said yes, enough said."
,Recommended,325420,20683884,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Sonya Penny,"THIS GAME IS SOOOO MUCH FUN!!! Its like kerbal space program, but about cars and jets and boats OR anything you can think of. And you can play with friend! LIKE AMAZING!! This does have a learning curve though and will take time to figure out how to build stuff."
76561198050148822,Recommended,325420,20435342,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,upsetkiller,"NEW REVIEWSo following my (somewhat childish) outburst on the forums and on steam , one of the developers contacted me , Seemed like a nice guy , Asked me to test a few things.Believe it or not All feed back was used to make the game better , They are now more and more involved with the community and working faster than ever to update the game with as much quality features as they can .This is how a developer should work and overcome the critisism , They won my vote of confidence .The game is now much more stable and Very fun to play following the latest big updates.OLD --------------------------------------------------------------------------Developers dont even seem active on forum or its chat .Dont get me wrong the game is fine , but it has now been too long and its not out of pre alpha even .The promised vehicle physics update is no where to be found and it feels like we are driving cardboard on a oily smooth surface , literally .no real weight integration or dynamic physics like modern engines have . no separate tyre traction , just one friction value for everything.  feels unpolished , performance is suffering on a card like gtx 670 super clocked and i7 with 6gb ram yet there is nothing in the world"
,Recommended,325420,22224871,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Kirito,I broke the speed of sound in a Dodge Charger.
,Not Recommended,325420,26729878,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Xrosseal15,"Lacking of a mirror build mode simply killed this game. I can't imagine a Build-Yourself game without all kinds of tools or hotkeys to make everything EASIER. This game makes me feel like being tortured instead of enjoying myself! As if everyday working is just not hard enough, so I have to find something that kills my braincells even faster ! By simply counting HOW MANY TIMES I CLICKED THE WHITE DOTS!! The idea clicking and pulling DOTS is the very worst idea I've ever seen in a Steam game. I just hate it so much that I have to speak, and give it a NOT RECOMMENDED mark at the same time. Maybe someday they really want to make this game easier to play ,and I shall change my mind."
76561198124945358,Not Recommended,325420,20535527,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Roderick Redbeard,"There should be a Pre, Pre, Pre-Alpha tab for these kinds of games. Asking £14 is pushing it. Playing it would take you about as much time as it took to download the thing. The game is featureless, awkward controls, bad physics, awful sound effects and servicable graphics. If you think games suchs as DayZ or H1Z1 were laughably boring don't buy this game. Get a finished indie game for half of this game's asking price."
76561197987498188,Recommended,325420,15979971,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Scythe1344,"A genuis tool for creating, sharing and using awesome vehicular contraptions."
76561198127804737,Recommended,325420,15781796,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Fe2O3,"play homebrew! its better than cake ! sereosly, its better than cake."
,Not Recommended,325420,17747259,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,arroyobass,"I love sandbox games but this one falls pretty short. The controls are incrdibly un-intuitive, the physics are awful, and the graphics are from about 2006. Pretty sad with this game."
76561198132780231,Recommended,325420,25911417,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,LM,Very fun
,Not Recommended,325420,21108835,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Arcade101,"An iteresting idea. The game is graphically impressive, and presents itself very well. But it is early access, and definitely NOT worth ten dollars yet. First time playing and I have already fallen through the ground, and I can't figure out how to bind the controls of vehicles with my joystick (if you can at all). This game needs a lot of work still."
,Recommended,325420,22146476,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,TheSickRobot,Lovely game.
76561198183641258,Recommended,325420,22111266,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,CHEEKI BREEKI BANDIT,Its an amazing gamewhen it works
76561198009565196,Not Recommended,325420,21033078,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Aris_Shark,I know its still early...I played like 6h never touched it again..maybe it will get better..we will see in the future..now...I cant say I liked it... I think its expencive as they dont offer much.
76561198071843992,Recommended,325420,34137925,Posted: 9 August,all,jansenb121,Keep the updates coming!
,Not Recommended,325420,22211188,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,jeepracer98,"This game is okay, and sure you can build vehicles, but it has some big problems.  First of all, the physics makes vehicles very difficult to control.  If you stop a vehicle on a hill, it just slides down.  I haven't built my own planes, so I'm not an expert, but for their example plane, it flies nothing like a plane, it has to use a gyroscope, so the whole plane spins, but it doesn't even change direction very easily.  Second of all, the building process, although now a little simpler, is still overly complicated, and sometimes parts which you place don't even appear in the menu to connect to other parts, so you have to find the part, disconnect it, and add another.  This game has neat, fine, and classy building tools if you can get past all the flaws.  If the idea of the game appeals to you, I might suggest Banjo Kazooie: Nuts and Bolts if you own an Xbox 360, or Scrap Mechanic looks good, and similar, with less fine tools, but better physics and such."
,Not Recommended,325420,33985363,Posted: 2 August,all,Unhappyslave,"Great Game, I enjoy building very much. But my main issue is the fact theirs no mirroring for the skin plates. I have worked very hard on a car/truck/boat/plane only for it to look odd because theirs a skin plate I missed that messes up a TON of little notches I have to try to figure out what goes where. I'll recommend it once a mirroring mode is implimented because I do enjoy this game."
,Recommended,325420,27968408,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,TBHF,10/10 my pengting
76561198145715500,Recommended,325420,21923478,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,The Black Knight,Looks great and i was really exited for this game.... my steam key dosen't work =(
,Not Recommended,325420,24853016,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Scot.Dos,"This game has potential, but I had found its interface for building to be too clunky and obtuse If it wasn't for that I'd be really into this game. It's a pity."
,Not Recommended,325420,18728362,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Origin Saint,"Homebrew is exactly as the title states, a vehicle sandbox game.  You create your own vehicles from scratch, frame, gas tank and all, and then take them into the medium size sandbox world surrounding the garage area you created the vehicle in.  You can design and craft anything from go-karts, golf carts, 4-wheelers, cars, dragsters, tanks, motorbikes, planes, helicopters, hovercrafts and more.There is a really extensive crafting system in this game, although I feel the tutorial and instruction set is lacking and the overall crafting system feels a bit cluttered, very unrefined, and generally clunky and lazily put-together.  There is multiplayer, which is a nice touch, but really doesn't fix any of the problems with the game itself.The vehicle controls are clunky and weird, making many of the vehicles hard to control, and the fact that the physics system in the game is very odd certainly doesn't do this problem any favors.  Also, not that a game like this should be about graphics, but the developers have obviously tried to bring something at least mildly modern-looking to the table, but last I saw, they have failed terribly.  The games graphics look like the industry standard as of 2006, and for a game that tries to have decent graphics, I consider this a failure.All-in-all, I do not recommend this game in its current state.  The graphics are outdated and poorly designed.  The physics is quirky, which compounds the issue that the controls are touchy, buggy and generally difficult to use, and the crafting system is really unrefined and includes part names like pipe_001, pipe_002, curvepipe_001 and so on.  The whole game seems like it's just way too early in development for any kind of early access release.  I have hope that the developers can improve upon the games issues, but until then, I will advise people to not make this purchase."
,Recommended,325420,21039140,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,L͘e̷vi҉át̷h̷a͢ń3x,9/10 Too addicting.
76561198105374193,Not Recommended,325420,20166735,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Cable,This is trash. The v13 version sucks don't waste your time its awfully optimized and looks awful. The other version you can run doesnt even work like the videos none of the planes work and the cars have awful handling and flip every 10 seconds don't waste your time fooling with the awful UI and controls building is awful this game sucks.
,Recommended,325420,14666806,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Ikon | Stormy the Rabbit,"10/10 would...Build jets,Annoy friends through bugging them to get it,Recommend to everyone,Recommend to everything,Recommend to Gabe,...Again."
,Not Recommended,325420,15498002,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,CommieBastard,this is a potentially amazing game that just feels like it does not want to be played.
,Not Recommended,325420,31646155,Posted: 9 May,all,B+,"Lots of optimizations needed. Sounds are not good. I have only played 2.7 hours in over 2 years for a reason. I wanted to support the creativity the game allows but it's been a let down. Tutorial was terrible/not one for the longest time, it's being reworked now but I doubt I'll even try it out to update this review. Graphics are alright, but really... ps2/gamecube level graphics even @2700x resolution on max settings, which even on low settings the game stutters. Guess I'm just writing this review because how sad I feel that the game didn't pan out as I'd expected. Another Early Access game that after years of development has barely changed."
,Not Recommended,325420,26685690,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Chuck Effin Norris,"This game was completely ruined by V14, The game used be a fun, sandbox game where you could make parts and have fun. Now, you're required to do a tutorial that made me want to blow my brains out, and the entire idea behind this game was to make things, not drive them around and then wait a whole 3 minutes to strt it over again."
,Not Recommended,325420,18705460,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,bonerwizard,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ drm, dont buy"
,Recommended,325420,21566375,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Skelytun,"Great game overall! The graphics, physics, community, and dev team. For newer players, it is fairly hard to understand much about the game, but tutorials have been added to builder to help them out. Its one of those games where everyone is friendly and extremely, helpful. I really think this game deserves more attention than it has, especially with things that are to come."
76561198169254641,Not Recommended,325420,29874656,Posted: 12 February,all,Regimus,"I SO badly want to say this game is amazing. I want to say its the best ever. The concept is DIVINE and I love the free roam. BUT, the game is WAY too complicated. It is insane. Just to build the most simple vehicle- it's impossible without a ton of time. Plus, it glitches a lot."
76561198025826627,Not Recommended,325420,13494468,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,MAB,"First impressions are important and boy are they bad. Start the game and it asks for the key that you have copied to the clipboard. No problem except you cannot paste it in. So restart having written the key down. The key boxes do not skip to the next when each is flled neither do they switch case for you. Not serious, yet. Then its time to start the game but it pushed hard for you to create an online account. Do that and start again, having noticed the offline option.  You are then dropped next to a building within which is a broken beach buggy. The screen keeps going very dark and there is no clue about what to do. By no clue I mean nothing, nada. Then follows blundering around, pressing random keys, getting stuck in a corner of the building and having to crash out of the game which by this time has gone dark, yet again.I need to slow down with buying games and try the demos first. The game key messing around would be enough for me to walk away. Maybe its getting old but I have zero tolerence for any fluffing about. Everything has to be slick, obvious and work the first and every time. Any crap and in the bin it goes.The developers need to revamp the game start experience. Its rubbish. Then maybe have tutorials, and a video. Maybe they are there  but I have not found them and am not going to waste time finding them. So this game is going to get another 15mins of effort and no more. It might be fabulous but I simply do not care if it is this imvolved to even get started."
76561198048034277,Not Recommended,325420,21728117,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Aburn,"wow portforwarding ♥♥♥♥ing no, ridic this like to play co op port forward , refund"
76561198079422165,Not Recommended,325420,17851737,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,robertmeganhilliard,basically a waste of money.....
76561198285479615,Not Recommended,325420,21497350,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,JuggerNautGaming,bad very its very hard to build dont recamand it if your not a quick learner
76561198079948245,Not Recommended,325420,17878543,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,tunadude1,"It's just not that good, and it's not what it says it is...It says ""sandbox"" which implies ""unlimited parts and no true objective""not unlimited partsthere's not much else to say...not very good3/10not recommended"
,Not Recommended,325420,18255686,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,FoC-Judy_Hopps,"How do you ♥♥♥♥ up simple building!!! HOW DO YOU, ADD A CURVE TOOL NOT JUST ASSUME I WANT TO MAKE A CURVE!!!!! WASTE OF $17"
76561198131726316,Not Recommended,325420,19593469,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,slayer420,in my oppinion builder was to time consuming and sometimes very confusing when you get done its kinda dissapointing to use what you made
,Not Recommended,325420,22827696,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,AdiBis,"This game is definitly not for beginners. No toturial, overly-complicated. But the possibilities are huge, as I have seen on the Workshop.But there is a big problem : it's a game where physics matter, and in this game, physics suck.If you want to build vehicules, this game is good, but if you want to try them, good luck."
,Not Recommended,325420,23956675,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,fatman333,"The older version was great! I loved this game until they added the tutorial, which took me over a f*cking hour to complete.The glider is impossible to control, but fortunately, a nice guy helped me out. I like the community and the style of the game but all in all, its just something I can't quite recommend."
,Not Recommended,325420,19492783,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,EVEREADY SALSA,Play garrysmod instead.The menu reminds me of some german forklift simulator.
76561198016581349,Not Recommended,325420,13860132,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,kurganfr,"I purchased this game based on the many positive reviews it has garnered so far. Unfortunately, it has fallen well short of my expectations. The vehicles feel like weightless toys rather than solid constructs, they are difficult to control, flip over at the drop of a hat, and feel like they are sliding over the terrain rather than interacting with it. The graphics are rudimentary, the explanations in the tutorial were less than clear, I have not been able to find out how to put some panelling on my vehicles so that they look like anything more than a frame with parts bolted on, and the map is so bleak and basic that I have no interest in going out to explore it in one of my shoddy homebrew vehicles. Disappointing!!!"
,Not Recommended,325420,13130357,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,SaVaGeLaw,"so this game is really complicated. You don't get any previews of the pipes, just names. For the most part, you are using your keyboard to navigate everything (unless walking). Some of the parts only work in one direction (wheel hubs) so you can't slam it to the ground unless you build something over it for that look. Also the camera control is really hard to get used to. You do get pre-built frames but still, very complicated. Lol and you have to read everything, no voice acting."
76561198057207431,Not Recommended,325420,14533856,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,ɀܠцΘᴤԇᴓᴙᶔԳѧᴈস,"well i WOULD'VE recommended this game, until i find out that NO MATTER THE ENGINE YOU PUT ON THE VEHICLE, you'll go insanely fast and flip the damn thing every .02 seconds. irritating as all f-ing get out.. so yeah. f this builder.. i'm going back to besiege.."
76561198170248402,Not Recommended,325420,13622096,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Militant Squad,"I have all the specs needed, but it crashes as soon as I get to the main menu."
76561198012545565,Not Recommended,325420,13152683,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,zastroph,"I had a few issues with this game when I first started, this is why I gave it the thumbs down (for now)!You can eventually work your way through the tute (not easy as they don't explain things very well), but after that it says to go out side and take the vehicle for a ride.Problem is, you have to actually go up to a console inside the garage, (no idea why the vehicles are not inside the garage) and tell it you want to go outside, once outside, there is no vehicle, you have to press i to get a list of vehicles, then press i again to stop displaying the list of available vehicles, then point up in the air and press left mouse button to throw the vehicle in the air (again, no idea why you would do this), and then chase the vehicle as it will most likely start rolling away, no hand brake. Once you finally get a vehicle (remember to press x to start the motor), it is very hard to control it, there does not appear to be a button to press for brake, also it says to press page up and page down to zoom in and out, nothing happens. Not being able to zoom out a little makes it hard to see where your going. Editing vehicles is a little daunting at first, being unsure which parts fit with what, the tute vehicle requires a motor (when putting this in, it would be handy if the default angle of the motor would be suitable to put it in with out having to rotate it first), which I gave it, but when I went out side, it did not have a motor or even a left front wheel. Going to quick edit, it had a motor so you can not give it another, it also had all of the wheels, then switching to tune it had no motor or wheel (wtf). They could make this game a little more user friendly. Maybe add to the tute a highlighting function that lets you know where to place the parts that it is telling you to install!Controlling the ground vehicles is very hard, because the camera is doining its own thing, so not controllable by the user. Most of the time is will go behind the vehicle, so long as you are going in a straight line, so it is not too bad. What is bad, is that the angle of the camera is not high enough off the ground behind the vehicle, so you will have trouble seeing where you are going when going over hills. It would be much better to provide an option for the user to have some controll over the camera.Controlling the vehicle is also rather hard, especially at speed, it has major oversteer problems at speed, as well as the camera problem already mentioned, of not seeing where your going when going over hills.There does not seem to be much to do while driving, collecting objects and going over ramps. I have not progressed to air travel at this time, so don't know what there is to do up in the sky.At present they need to make it more user friendly, they are actively working on it and answering comments left here so I remain hopeful that this will end up being a really good game!!!"
76561198097475460,Not Recommended,325420,15976318,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,djeartrip,Hard to figure out.
76561197996339738,Not Recommended,325420,16491566,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,ki-ken-do,Nearly imposible to build...
,Not Recommended,325420,13383182,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Bruder Vaparius,"nooo. simply a no.[Edit]After receiving feedback by the developer, i'd like to take time to express construcrive review rather than just saying ""no"" to this game.For a person coming from a completely different genre, i'd really liked the idea of homebrew.Sure - for gamers who are into bulding/sandbox games it must be quite easy to build and enjoy something cool. For me unfortunately, dreaming was the only thing to do as i had no guidance at all to get into this game.The goodGraphics are well (as well as it usually is in such a state of the developement i guess).Very cool ideaMaybe much more if I were able to build a vehicleSarcastic developer who demands constructive reviewsThe badNo real ""help"" featureNo preview or ready build vehicles to change or rebuild"
76561198123437348,Not Recommended,325420,15286042,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Postman Pat,i dun like it
,Not Recommended,325420,13426741,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Fatally Gingered,It's a great game...For 2006.
,Not Recommended,325420,22892221,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Doofy Gilmore,"Bought it, Played it, Got bored, confussed and then bored again, This game is no were near complete, Its buggy, the creation system is a mess, This needs some serious improvement for it to even be worht $1, Seriously guys, Step up your game, This is shocking, and for that reason i refunded the game...Wouldnt recommend to anyone.Oh and to top it off, It was released to the public the 14 Nov, 2014... and is still not complete or anywere near playable or fun..."
,Not Recommended,325420,14820728,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,joji,This game is stupid!Pros:•Creative•Acurrate•Has Game Logic like aerodyanamicsCons:•The Editor•the world•The framingI hate this game for being to releastic and not fun. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME IF YOU JUST WANT TO BUILD A SIMPLE CAR. in this game nothing is simple. I tried to look at a tutorial it didn't help because the editor is not user friendly.
76561198126279195,Recommended,325420,12970110,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,E-baran,10/10 just good
,Not Recommended,325420,13516410,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Lil Paracetamol,It's made in Unity
76561198099666643,Not Recommended,325420,22488517,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,qaek,"Just no. I've given this game many chances, and it is just not well made. Not worth the price either."
76561198055917880,Not Recommended,325420,13109483,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Easy Pete,User interface is pretty bad. Building vehicles can be frustrating because of awkward camera angles.
,Not Recommended,325420,31828328,Posted: 18 May,all,Neurosys420,I had my hopes but its still pretty lame like a year later.
76561198170719698,Not Recommended,325420,25487628,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,flightofderp,how can i get a refund
,Not Recommended,325420,33376908,Posted: 8 July,all,DigitizedSoul,How this has so many positive reviews I dont know.Multiplayer is a pain.Game is buggy and janky.Physics are pathetic.
76561198282476003,Not Recommended,325420,25260609,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,honda-034,its s h i t
76561198169186075,Not Recommended,325420,33229876,Posted: 4 July,all,Tru canadian,It looked cool in the trailers but they explain how to play terribly and even when you know how to play there is no point to play because there is a eighty percent chance that it will crash.
,Not Recommended,325420,27704977,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,KWSNinja,"Used to be really good, but the new update has ruined the game. I demand a refund."
76561198321828957,Not Recommended,325420,30718070,Posted: 24 March,all,haydenblake89,So much lag I'm getting a refund...
,Not Recommended,325420,33982572,Posted: 2 August,all,Anonymous,This game look awesome and seem amazing but got ♥♥♥♥♥♥ control because you use WASD in Vehicle to go up down left right but you also use shift to go so you have to use 1 hand just to control where it goes and for it go i try to change the control so i can use 1 hand to move and 1 hand to make it go but i can't hence the few minutes i put into this game
,Not Recommended,325420,29552704,Posted: 28 January,all,ExquisiteGaming | YouTuber,"It's good but bad....ANyone know a way so I can refund this game, isn't worth the amount of money I payed!!!"
76561198191877699,Not Recommended,325420,31846583,Posted: 19 May,all,not okay,waAAAAAAAAAAAAAy too difficult
,Not Recommended,325420,23372084,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Chum,INSANELY HARD
76561198245278704,Not Recommended,325420,28968809,Posted: 2 January,all,legosorus,"NOT RECOMENDEDI REMEMBER GETTING THE OLD VERSION AND IT WAS MUCH BETTEREVEN THOUGH IT WAS SMALLER, IT WASNT SO HARD WITH THE CONTROLS, THE STORY WASNT THAT LONGAND THE MACHINES WERE EASYER TO MAKE, UNLIKE IT IS NOW"
76561198148696898,Not Recommended,325420,22467493,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Frost,What the ♥♥♥♥ is this? i wanted a sandbox game to play with my friend but it was the ♥♥♥♥♥iest thing ive ever played. DONT GET IT THIS GAME IS TOURTURE FOR YOUR COMPUTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   AND YOU
,Not Recommended,325420,33543501,Posted: 14 July,all,RandyCo,$18 is too much broham
,Not Recommended,325420,28915037,Posted: 1 January,all,Planetary The Titan YT LFT,U need to be a ♥♥♥♥ing rocket scientist to play or even understand the mechanics of this game
,Not Recommended,325420,23194254,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,dmayan,"Horrible. I requested a refund as soon as I tryied it. Almost unusable, even for an alpha"
76561198380401834,Not Recommended,325420,31649034,Posted: 9 May,all,epic.arron.bates,this game is the ♥♥♥♥♥est game i have ever played its sso terible its unbelievable
,Not Recommended,325420,30059517,Posted: 20 February,all,freddie815,llll
76561198107686778,Not Recommended,325420,29040698,Posted: 5 January,all,heydn,lagz 2 much
,Not Recommended,325420,33541627,Posted: 14 July,all,ShadowHadowBeatz,bad game really it is
76561198165419038,Not Recommended,325420,29596633,Posted: 30 January,all,Telephone The Dutch Angel Dragon,This is $15 I wasted right here
76561198272709764,Not Recommended,325420,24627484,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,kabaab,really bad do not get it it's a waist of money and its impossible too build anything.do not get.
76561198341071154,Not Recommended,325420,29670443,Posted: 3 February,all,SnoopyandLinus,i don't like this game how can i give it away or delet it?
76561198295399787,Not Recommended,325420,23141884,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,cullen3327,the game is difficult to play and build vehicles in. i want a refund.
,Not Recommended,325420,28922759,Posted: 1 January,all,Zwen,Played for like 9 min. Those are 9 min I'll never get back.
,Not Recommended,325420,12971815,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Ben,Buggier than an entomologist's bedroom.
76561198098682908,Recommended,325420,17054987,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,loothetoilet,"i bought this game exactly two months after it as first released into early access, and even though i have a short play time into the game over the year that it has been around, i am very proud to have bought this game, i do recomend it to anyone who loves to build their creations and then drive/fly it around. if ou are looking for a perfect game, look somewhere else. the devs know whats up, they listen and respond in a timely manner. i love playing this when i have the time (which isnt very often as i work a lot and i play other games...) but when i do i usually spend hours upon hours playing without realizing."
,Recommended,325420,16545318,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,reyfufurulesall,"Very fun, though it still feels fairly buggy and incomplete. Overall, though, it looks like it'll be providing me with hours of entertainment."
,Recommended,325420,18345040,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Betty Swollocks,More fun than i thought it would be and very in depthHaveing been quite a good builder in garry's mod was quite a good step up from that
,Recommended,325420,14032598,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Chashmodai,"I retried this game yesterday, almost a year after reviewing it first. It feels like the handling has been improved since, cause driving felt pretty solid right now. I can't remember how flying was before, but it was pretty easy to learn now. I usually suck at flying things in other games, but in this one it wasn't too hard. Spawning vehicles are also easier now, it seems, cause I had no problems doing it this time around. The controls and the UI is still pretty confusing at first, but that's not a huge deal.Those were the main flaws I disliked when I first reviewed it. Since they seemingly have been fixed, I'm gonna recommend this. At least if you enjoy games where you get to be really creative and build whatever kind of vehicle you want."
,Recommended,325420,18932106,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Magius,"I would really love to recommend this game. i havent put crazy hours into it and to be honest ive enjoyed all those hours. The concept of the game is amazing if your into garrys mod and building things.The reason i cant recommend:  The development apperas to have stopped.  This game has been waiting for an update for months now.  Looking as what that update offered is what made me stop playing because i was so excited for the changes.I understand that the game is Early Access, but it seems the money we put into it isnt going anywhere anytime soon.If i see the same headway as before from the developers and the UPDATE i will definitely change my review.  This game has great potential.Edit.After personally beiong commented by the delelopers my beliefe that they left this game behind is no longer there."
,Recommended,325420,20097617,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,H_Rocks,"LOVE THIS GAME! So awsome to build what ever you want, and the comuinty is verry helpfull and nice if you need help. It's also nice that the developers will respond to any questins you have abut bugs etc.If you like to build GET THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,325420,20074888,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Bopie,"This game not be the best since it's alpha , but the graphics are just amazing.7.5/10"
,Recommended,325420,20047715,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Kris,"Its a pretty fun game!I spent 5 hours playing it on my first day and you learn how to build easily.  If you watch the youtube tutorials it makes everything easier.  That said I spent 4 of the 5 hours trying to build a airplane but i couldnt get it to work good.  Ill try to make a truck next.  I have never played a game like this though, you get to build the frame of the vehicle and you just add on from there.  What makes things easier is that things like motors and other things that need to be next to each other in real life, can be far away and still work in the game.I recommend getting this game!"
,Recommended,325420,19758603,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Lord Pally,"I will just say I got this game a while back when it just hit Steam, and it was fun.  Had many parts to use to make about anything you could think of, but still had a few bugs which I put it on a shelf to await a few patches to try again.  Well its NOTHING liket he game it was, and to be honest has gone BACKWARDS!  I have very few parts to work with, and no way to do Multiplayer, or anything.  I would even go as far to say this is about as much as a demo version may have to give a taste of the game.  I will not recommend, nor tell you not to get this game until I figure out what is going on.  I will only say if this is what the game is now, then its the first time I seen a game go BACKWARDS in production of a game.  (But as for the game I have played yes its GREAT, just hope it gets there again soon!)* After going to the website and downloading the older version I am use to, I am changing my review.  I really hope they combine the items in the old version into the newer set up which is better at building in my view.  Going to keep my eye on this game and hope to see it reach a ledgenary status when out of Alpha / Beta."
,Recommended,325420,15581322,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Lysdal,"Has evolved a lot.It is now very fun, and not as hard as before.Would recommend to sandbox lovers."
,Recommended,325420,13262903,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,edwards86,"Has GREAT potential but, definitely has room for improvement. Building area should have more of a sem-locked camera view instead of the same view and reaction as walking around as the character. This makes it very difficult to build when your camera is bouncing up and down as you try to move forwards and backwards. There are also some areas in the map that are not solid and you fall right through. Traction for the vehicles also needs to be looked at. Almost felt like I was trying to drive on ice. Developers may want to up their minimum requirements as well.Overall, game seems like it could really be great though. Keep up the hard work guys!"
76561198038836553,Recommended,325420,13265523,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Skyrimjunkie82,"This game is crazy awesome. I like minecraft but it gets real boring real quick! but this I burn hours upon end building and testing and pushing the limits. Where has this game been all my life. To the developers I would like to tip my hat and since this is in the dev stages, I would like to put my two cents in if you dont mind.1. I would love to be able to crash and break what i built and then go back and rebuild. gives it  that element of realism that I would enjoy2. physics. I hate chasing my vehicle down as it slides mindlessly side ways into the water down a hill and what not. so yeah, add some physics3. the planes and helicopters i have tested are hard to control in order to get the orbs on the top of obstacles in the air and what not. I know this is not ms flight sim but that kind of aerodynamics and air plane vs helicopter control would be awesome.4. Full support of my xbox 360 controller or my joystic.5. Please stay motivated on this. programming is tedious and daunting. I know this, plus you have lives and families, but you have already started forming a pretty good fan base. the dislikes i have read are from people who want to just mindlessly point and click and push a button and bam a vehicle but for the serious and the inventors out there, man what a game I give it two thumbs up and rate it 9/10 only because it is not finished I love this game already"
76561197993223950,Recommended,325420,13285497,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,St34mfunk,Okay. I have about 2 hours working on this game and it is clearly not complete. With that being said... there are a few youtube tutorial videos I recommend to watch before beginning the game. The in game instructions need some work. Linking all the components seems to be troublesome (getting everything to work together.) I love the idea of this game and being able to make anything you want. (I play a lot of KSP and look at that as a standard for the genre.) I hate the idea of serching for links to improve your parts. That seems like a grind.Over all I think this game has so much potential. They are on the right track but need to make it a little easier for someone to get started. This one is worth the buy.
,Recommended,325420,13219866,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,kalimni45,My 5-year-old and I are enjoying this way too much. We discovered lastnight that you can shoot yourself out of the sky with your own missles. Many laughs were had.
,Recommended,325420,17054409,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Just Sad,Game has changed extinsively since release for the better. Haven't been able to give it a fair shot in a while but the developer is making serious progress definitely a game to keep an eye on in the future.
,Recommended,325420,22009410,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,river12348,"Great game very interesting concept and very fun but the controls are a little weird and there is somewhat limitied replayability because it doesnt have multiplayer yet. Overall, very good game maybe a little over priced for how much is on it now."
,Recommended,325420,20572530,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Kiwano Melon,"Devs jus don't stop updating it. Really fun, cool devs. Would reccommend. You build cars and stuff."
,Recommended,325420,20675450,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,|TG|Tyrant50187,"Very Interesting game, so far i have made 3 planes (attempts) my fourth Flew and now the Developer himself is Explaining Details to me of the Way Gyros work, an Amazing game, hrs of fun and can be A great escape from the everyday escapade! 10/10 goes to this Team!"
76561198152349880,Recommended,325420,19719756,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,MrJellyPickle01,"i love the game and would certainly recomend it to you if you enjoy robocraft! the graphics are good and the mechanics are easy to pick up, the fun you can have is nearly limitless thankyou also to the community especialy, as they make the game more freindly and positivethanksMJP"
,Recommended,325420,26621683,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,LazerRay,"I you are into building, modifying, and testing things out, this game is for you since you can design just about any kind of vehicles you can think of.  The build system is easy to learn, and you adjust quite a few parts even after they have been placed, after you have something you like, you can hit the tuner system to tweak settings and set any form of keybindings for your creations.There is a huge world to explore and try out all types of vehicles, or to see how fast something goes (Hopefully you don't run out of road too quickly in some areas).I have been playing Homebrew since it's original demo and have seen a lot of changes, and things keep getting better."
,Recommended,325420,23566672,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Mrmaniac3,"The builder is fun, sometimes jittery when it comes to moving nodes on certain parts like panels when the camera is facing the same direction as the movement. The text when moving a node (to show what the measurements are compared to the adjacent nodes) is hard to read when looking at the sand, because it is grey, a similar color to the sand. it would be interesting if the text could change color depending on the time of day to make it easier to see during the day as well as at night.I have built a few vehicles, some simple and some not too. I have not gotten to building anything that you might call complicated, though.I am very entertained by the most recent version, now that I know what it is for real. previously, in the singleplayer version, I did not encounter a tutorial, so I did not know what to do. I built a chassis and downloaded some workshop items, did not know how to operate many of them. I drove some cars, but I couldn't control them, and they went out of control a lot. I had not explored any of the other islands because of these reasons, nor knew of their existence. That is all in the past now, and I like the game more than ever.Overall I would reccomend this game now. I should probably leave out the 'overall', but the game does need some improvements to the physics and a few other things. The upcoming update will fix most of these problems, though, so there isn't much to complain about."
76561198119596451,Recommended,325420,13658431,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Coal_Miner,Im glad this game is still comeing alone because there is countless mount of anoying a ss bugs for example spawning a car and it rolling down a hill from you >_< and all the rocks i know there are other islands but why isnt there a flat one for the start area and why is there so many rocks i cant even count how many times ive got stuck on rocks trying to take off in a plane and with building if you take off a part (and theres other parts still conected to the base) this whole thing falls apart exepet the base parts like damn i do recomend this game but these bugs make game play unbearable at times raging half the time due to bugs 8/10
,Recommended,325420,16660083,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Qabu,"absolutely amazing game, the level of customization and building is awesome."
,Not Recommended,325420,20053708,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,astrospartan,"A bit too technical for the average joe, but if you like technical then it may just be for you. :S"
01020102010101111,Recommended,325420,21354291,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Joe Kurr,"They seem to be working on their alpha and producing results, i havent played since the updates but they seem to be sizable."
76561198046571606,Recommended,325420,22361430,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,KAZOOIE 911,the game is good love the new stuff they added
,Recommended,325420,20494688,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,javaj,"The game has grown over the months of development, now i can say that it feels almost complete. It  is a kind of project though that will never feel finished only because it is huge, let's hope the developer keeps ...developing."
76561198133837329,Not Recommended,325420,22896253,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,EN STOR KLICK SMÖR I ANUS,the game is to complecated and difficult.  too much options and not easy by any means. its not the game in the trailer
76561198126713755,Recommended,325420,13678698,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Mine0nine,Much better than it used to be. It has been updated and many things have been fixed. And the developers are nice and open the sugestions and help.
,Recommended,325420,19270950,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Lucie,"Probably one of my favourite Steam Game, active Dev', friendly Community.You just need a little imagination to make whatever you want, from a bug to a carousel, from a mower to a supersonic aircraft."
,Not Recommended,325420,15818573,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,gamerpaddy,"ok, mp  works.. sort of.. many glitches. and 4 players online on all servers.this is one of the worst games ive ever played lolif you want to be serious in building stuff check out garrysmod, gearblocks, terratech and many others but not this"
,Recommended,325420,28520712,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,DARKY,"if you are like me, and you love games that let you make LITTERALLY ANYTHING than this game is for you! there is a lot of freedom in this fun game!"
,Recommended,325420,29096939,Posted: 7 January,all,WüstenFuchs,"Its certainly a very interesting game which I enjoy a lot. It might be pretty complicated in the beginning with a steep learning curve, but once you get the hang of it its a lot of fun. I personally would wish for an alternator module with an axis input for power generation and regenerative braking for hybrid cars."
,Recommended,325420,18289529,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,i5-2500k,"Updated this review because my little brother had hijacked my account.The game is decent, runs on old hardware, building is difficult but easy to master, the graphics aregreat, engines are a little bit hard to set up, and the game is quite lightweight."
,Not Recommended,325420,15549521,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Kattandra,"i have decided to completely rewrite this review as the game has changed so much since i wrote it, thus i have also deleted everything in it to start it over.Homebrew is a game far from being ready, but it is also a game with an insane amount of potential, with caring developers that i from experience can say, cares very much about their game and the community playing it! through numerous updates the game has changed so much that its basically a different game, there's now a lot more space to test your vehicles, and a lot of parts have been revamped as well as the building system in the game having a major change, i have yet to build something that works properly, but im very adept at building things that mess with the game engine :pI have chosen as before to Not Recommend the game YET, because it is not ready, theres quite a few bugs and the game is still gonna change a lot before its final release and just from that it wouldn't be fair to recommend the current experience of the game when theres no doubt it will change a lot in the future too.when i first posted my review i also included several bugs that were bothering me greatly, not just one but two of the developers have been talking with me about this and i no longer have those issues. As things are now i give direct feedback to the developers whenever i play the gameGame itself 6/10 theres quite a few bugsBuilding stuff 5/10  the menu is not very user friendly and the loading screen to adjust a single number for testing is quite bothersomeDevelopers 10/10 personal experience with Jonathan and Sean, both great guys, guessing the rest of the team must be equally nice people"
76561197990673348,Recommended,325420,14536080,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Xtreme,"With time this game has  grown to be really good, only thing i can see  is that steam  isnt counting the time for  me, looking forward  to  new updates."
76561198055543238,Recommended,325420,29237753,Posted: 13 January,all,DocOlds,"If you want a game with predefined goals or a plot, keep looking.  If you want to play with vehicles in a physics sandbox with friendly people, your search is over."
,Recommended,325420,13519205,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,[DK]Eliasr,"(STILL) Early access review (19. Nov 2016)I belive there was a fair deal of work in 2015, but it didn't peak my interest last year.This year, however there has been some changes.Phyzikov reached out to me and asked for some honest feedback on their current system to identify areas where they need to stabilize the system.First off the improvements I noticed:* An interactive tutorial to get you started with the game and understanding how to drive, sail and fly, as well as using your gadgets.* A lot of new islands that you can travel between, making the game feel less isolated.* Physics seems more stabilised.* Embedded video tutorial for building vehicles* A more lightweight interface for assembling vehicles, reducing the difficulty.* Scattered vehicles though the games are clearly marked with the glowing object and it provides a reason for the player to explore the islands.*MultiplayerIssues that needs improving:* Building isn't intuitive before the video is seen, an interactive tutorial would be good.* High speed can result in skipped collisions or rotations that goes on forever.* Surfaces that are not straight can result in wheel boots not being correctly applied.* If you swim in the deep ocean, you might risk being randomly teleport inside the center of an island under the waterlevel - in other words inside a mountain. (teleport gadgets resolves the issue)* No consequences of your actions - this can be considered good and fun, but it lacks immersion.So how would I rate this so far?The good part is that the developers are still working on the game and they seem to be doing some things actively, however sadly they have been working on this for 2 years now and is also being surpassed by other games who perhaps allow a certain amout of ""arcadic physics"".As a developer myself, I know it is really hard to model physics properly, so the challenge they are up against is a big one.My two cents would be to simplifly the physics with the aim to stabilize for playability and then add some gaming elements, so players can try completing challenges and build vehicles that are good at performing those challenges.I think it would be great to see with the multiplayer - not only because you can create content, but because you then can compete with that content - this could also be of interest for streamers.With that said, the current development seems to have focused on some different milestones than I had hoped for, and even though there are islands around me, which I think is nice, I would have prefered fewer islands and more ingame activities than building and exploring.Even though I might convince a friend to play pretend races with me and do some streaming with him, I doubt I could do it with the price tag of 17.99€, because the game itself simply lack activities or game mecanishms that challenges you to improve your vehicles.Make the most eco friendly vehicle and complete the lap.Make a solar powered plane, that is efficient enough to complete the lap without crashing.Complete a set of checkpoints (that requires a certain movability) and be the first to complete the lap.Do stunt jumps with various goals.And for the vehicle you can find when you explore the islands, it would be wonderfull if they got saved to your build projects, as a collection, making exploration even more meaningfull.I do hope the developers will look at the activites after working on stability, as it is my current main concern with the game. The improved physics over the past 2 years can clearly be felt and it is much more fun roaming around on the islands and flying planes now.I clear this review for a tiny positive recommendation, as i belive the developers are willing to put more value into the game for the customers and because a lot of the gamebreaking issues has been resolved. If you like making the most crazy vehicles and roam around in them, then go for it, and why not try the multiplayer with a friend while you are at it?While i'm a little skeptical about the pricetag, consider that buying the game from steam with its retail price, as it supports the development much better than going for a cheap key somewhere else.I leave my old review below for the sake of continuity, and because Igniuss's reply is related to that review.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------(4 of 13 found the old review helpfull)EARLY ACCESS REVIEW ( 19 Dec. 2014)tldr: Wait for a better version before investing.I agree with this guy:http://steamcommunity.com/app/325420/discussions/0/626329820885200239/There have been some updates, which i haven't experienced from play, but just based on writing they seem to be really good.It also seem to be quite the alpha version, with a fair deal of ability to change the game design, but also a fair deal of doubt in how it will turn out to be.My experience however is that most games tend to be feature complete while in EA. It doesn't seem to be the case here, so there might be changes to all the downsides i consider for this game.1. Physics:While this game tries to cover water, land and air at the same time, i don't expect a overhelming great physics in each part, as in a simulator. However there are some parts to the physic that i consider too flawish for a game like this. Mainly how breaking and a reverse vector applied to the resulting vector seems lacking.Also using a handbrake on a slope, should not give you more speed....When it comes to flying, it is quite clear that you need to consider how you balance the weight is important. That is a plus, but unfortunately some of the engines seems to be a bit extreme and will put you in a loop regardless of your controls.2. Game loop is too simple.  (build -> test)*While The game is indeed all about building and testing, it just seems like the testing aspect could use some sub-loops to create some kind of challenge or a feeling of achivement.While removing the orbs, from what i read and would determine myself, was a really good idea. Perhaps there could be some challenges which could unlock some non essential, or bonus like content.This is one of the things i hope will be improved in the future.These issues are the ones feel is most worth mentioning, as they make the game feel incomplete or borken.The constructing part is really good and interesting, so if those issues aren't important to you, then it is worth giving it a go, especially if you can get the game at discount.There are a chance that these will be improved, but it depends on how far the development is at the current stage. Hence I suggest people to wait a bit and see if these parts get any changes to the better."
76561198038078241,Recommended,325420,20725742,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Emoticons,"I think there are way more user friendly ways to build a vehicle than in Homebrew, but other sandboxes have many limits. Homebrew Vehicle Sanbox's possibilitys are almost endless even though it's still in early developement. Even simple programming with blocks is possible.You've tried stuff that was simply impossible in other sanbox games? It's possible here.The world is HUGE with bounderies very far in the distance, it already supports a nice multiplayer mode, but the build mode doesn't support multiplayer, it's currently singleplayer only.Still, the dev team delivers nice updates from time to time and the game is really progressing.On the downside:Homebrew has a finicky editor where you go a free cam and weld the things onto nodes. This isn't very intuitive yet. If you unweld parts they fall to the ground and everything attached to that unwelds as well. So you need to be thoughtful of how you want to build your vehicle.Also there is about a 5 second loading screen every time you want to test your vehicle with physics which can add up if you tune your vehicle.But it really has potential if the keep updating it.Also: If you ever need help for your build, there is a nice discord where you can get help:https://discord.gg/pyzVZgz"
76561198125267779,Recommended,325420,30956594,Posted: 5 April,all,Potato Man,yummy ngga
76561198193965599,Recommended,325420,33976594,Posted: 2 August,all,wpp1000,"Best Game Ever! This vehicle sandbox, is the best one I have ever played, so easy yet in depth and many options and possiblilities. I love it."
76561198058962805,Recommended,325420,24448721,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,warmapple,"So, this 'Homebrew effect'... If you play this you will become addicted. This game has ruined my life and is tearing it apart now that every single second I'm thinking about what my next build should be and when will I ever finish my 26 other builds I started and never finished? This game will absolutely fry your brain as you will play for days on end WITHOUT TOILET BRAKES and will end up ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ yourself but you don't care, because your too busy building. 10/10 would ruiny life again."
76561198055572010,Recommended,325420,34895905,Posted: 11 September,all,no_linear2003,I think i'm ready to review this game now it almost feels like it maybe in beta soon. I really loved this game from the beginning it alows the crazy inventor inside you to create any vehicle.With a proper physics environment. Each vehicle you enter has a personal touch which really makes  them feel like kit built vehicles each with it's own little quirks and features.Most of the vehicles are really original and you will get a kick out of discovering each one.For the beginner you will struggle a bit in the beginning to grasp how the node based editor works. Basically your connecting wires to activate and control various parts. Suddenly there wil be a moment where you just 'get it'.This editor really make you feel like your controlling an actual physical machine.. There are plenty of in-game tutorials and I learnt how to build my first vehicle from a youtube tutorial.CONSThe bouoncy system  dosn't feel quite right and may need a litle more work .Vehicles tend to bounce wildly of the water mesh but it's a lot better than it was and is almost there in my opinion..Highly Recommened!B1trider
76561198304407134,Recommended,325420,35382248,Posted: 1 October,all,mrcheesetiger,tutorial too long but good game
76561198177327059,Recommended,325420,35480023,Posted: 4 October,all,Pohatu Uniter Of Stone,you can build stuff.
,Not Recommended,325420,35508977,Posted: 5 October,all,bmwallace11,"EXTREMLY LAGGY I HATE V14, I WANT V13 BACK"
