user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198116866397,Recommended,325600,22839571,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,edmek55555,"Before I start this review I just want to say I am reviewing this as a video game, not a d&d game. So if you re looking for an in depth review on how well this translates in a D&D context I am sorry, I don't have much for ya. Now to begin!This game is actually a very good game, it is simply mauled by some bad choices that will probably annoy you over time such as- Non skippable cutscenes and dialogue.- Having to listen to that non skippable dialogue over and over if you lose to a boss.- Not all skill trees are available from the beginning.- One or two side quests in the game can glitch and become uncompleteable.- Your games are open to public by default and if you don't notice that a player can jump in while you are getting an xp reward and block your character from getting it.- Leveling takes a very long time so If you don't use a character for a while there is a good chance they aren't catching back up for the rest of the game.- Companion ai will sometimes neglect some of their skills and this can be exceptionally frustrating when its the healer.- All abilities in the game have fairly long cooldowns, normally a minute or higherHowever, despite these flaws, I really found this to be a gem of a game (just save often). In my opinion this plays like a much more refined and less clunky dragon age origins. It does a lot of great things other similar games just don't do as well, such as- Giving you a ton of abilities and skills that are all unique and interesting.- Giving you several options on how to use your classes ( I have a dual wielding tank that works!)- Avoiding boring fetch quests!- Making each quest feel meaningful.- Giving you options for how to complete quests (ponying up some coin to save time in some cases)- Making most characters in the game world feel unique and alive.- Making all encounters challenging enough to possibly kill you if you mess up, but not so hard they are enfuriating.- Making gold a resource that is valuable instead of something that is in endless supply.This truly is a great game that does a ton of stuff well and is just an all around great party based rpg. However I can certainly see how some of the negatives can have people pulling their hair out. If you have any sort of patience then I highly recommend it. You can't beat it, especially for $20.90% of the negative reviews are people complaining this isn't D&D, so if you are looking for the most hardcore D&D experience then maybe skip this one (and play it on a board, no offense guys, but c'mon).Another 5% are people complaining this isn't a $40 game and this hasn't been $40 bucks for a while so another moot point.If you are just looking for a solid game, weigh my points above, and if the negatives don't sound like they will drive you insane, pick this up."
76561198002571976,Recommended,325600,23403809,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,mwise1023,"If you're at all interested in this game, !!!!!READ THIS!!!!The ""mixed"" reviews for this game are because people thought they were going to play a **D&D 3.5** game. Note that specifically. This isn't Baldur's, Icewind, etc. This is D&D 4th/5th, but in digital form. For the folk that never played pen & paper, this means nothing to you. For the folk who do, that is another reason why the ""mixed"" reviews are here. It's all about expectations and perception. To keep it simple, here's the big difference in mechanics that you would notice (there are more, but it really does boil down to this): instead of resting every day to replenish your abilities/spells, you simply have all your abilities/spells at all times and they have cool downs to balance them out. That's it! This is the ""mixed reviews"" reason. Cool downs. A D&D game with cool downs on abilities/spells. This is not a bad thing! It's a super, super, super common concept in games these days that are getting ""overwhelmingly positive"" reviews. Think about it. The only difference? This one is labeled D&D, so the expectation is the clunky, old mechanics of 3rd edition. So please, know that small difference before you judge something with no time into the game, because you're a D&D fan and the concept of cool downs ""ruined it"" for you.I've put close to 2 straight days into this game. Here's a quick run down of what is going on:1) This is a D&D game. I've read countless ""it's not D&D"" comments. It's D&D plain and simple. It's a dungeon crawl game with high fantasty going on. The monster names & types, the concepts and many mechanics, and the overall storying telling experience *is* indeed very D&D. So yes, it's a D&D game. Just understand it's a 4th/5th edition D&D game and that doesn't mean ANYTHING to you, if you don't play the pen & paper, so again, all that means is this is a straight out of a book D&D game but with cool downs on spells, instead of a limited number and having to rest after each battle.2) If you liked Neverwinter Nights 1, you will like this game. This is basically the sequal to Neverwinter Nights, instead of NWN2 which took on a whole new way to play with a different kind of game. This game has the same style of story telling as NWN, a lot of detail was put into the environment. A lot of detail went into the characters and how they interact and joke about. This game is not a happy trek through the forest. This game is actually very dark if you play into the story and reveal what's going on. This game is very dark. Diablo 1 dark. But playing through this game in story mode is literally like playing Neverwinter Nights 1. So again, if you enjoyed NWN, this game will work out great for you.3) The most annoying thing about this game is ""Loading..."". You would think it wouldn't take long to transition, but just like all the previous D&D games in your past, you will suffer waiting for the loading screens to pass every time you travel. Just be prepared. You're already used to this.4) Cool down system is much better than the old system. The old system of 3rd edition was broken. You know it. You loved it because it was broken. You all played a level 4 fighter, level 16 Cleric multi-class that wore heavy plate, stone skin, and dropped call lighting, lay on hands & harm every where you went and walked through the game solo like a demi-god. If you want that, go back to 3rd edition games and just replay them. This is not that game. 4th edition introduced the concept of skills that were used all the time, twice per encounter and once per day. If you played it, this was annoying. I didn't like it either. But this was a way to introduce cool downs to 4th. 5th cleaned up a bit. In the digital version, cool downs work because it's in seconds. Just like every other game you play. Your super spell can't be cast back to back, it has a cool down. You're already accustomed to this. The best part? You can get gear through the game that reduces cool downs by upwards of 70%. So you can be as broken as you want, just not starting out. But those crazy awesome spells you have that have 40s cool down? They're now 12s! That mega spell that has 240s cool down? Now only 72s. The game is much more balanced, and you have lots of skills/spells, so you will not have a moment of ""nothing to do.""5) Party based strategy is king. This is not a ""I solo the game"" type where one super broken min/max character just takes the game. This is a game where you need a party and you need diversity. You also need more than one set of gear for each. The game is built around you planning and meta-gaming. You can even reset your character's abilities to rebuild later in the game if you want, because you want to meta-game a different direction. And you can always change who's in your party.6) Items are great! You start the game with named items and you get really cool unique items right away when you play. No slumming it with junk ""short swords"" for hours on end just waiting to find a ""+1"" sword. You play an hour and immediately have some named weapon that does elemental damage and glows and stuff. This game is great if you like finding items. This is totally different from D&D games of the past, where you had to wait forever to get ""good stuff."" This game gives you good stuff right away, and awesome stuff later, etc. It scales with your level.7) Routine but good story! It's not ground breaking or throwing a curve ball. It feels like a D&D play game story in a book. That's fine! That's what D&D was and still is. The story is pretty good. Interesting enough to want to know what's happening.8) Comes with Demon's Rage expansion for free. More content.9) Dungeon crawl lets you just play random dungeons with your characters to level them up. Then play other stuff with that character. This is a great way to play a build in action before starting the story and thinking you wanted something different. Awesome!Good game. I recommend it if you actually played D&D and like D&D. If you're stuck on the idea of a D&D game only being Baldur's Gate, and you never even touched a d12 in your life, then you may not like this game. Or you might! Point is, try it, it's worth the $10~20 it is now."
76561198007443830,Not Recommended,325600,18634178,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Cheesy Poofs,"No strategy, no risk, no interest.I wanted to like this game.  I really tried, but in the end, it was a disappointment.  If you want a D&D-style game, buy Pillars of Eternity -- it's superior to Sword Coast Legend in every way.First, SCL is not really D&D, the mechanics are all wrong.  First, all abilities are cooldown-based.  Additionally, the cool downs are so long, that only in the very longest of battles (of which I have had less than 5), you can use your abilities only once.  This means that a wizard will launch all of his most powerful spells at the beginning of the battle, and then has to sit out the rest of fight, throwing cantrips from long range.  There is no strategy, and no skill in preparing particular spells.Worse yet, your enemies don't follow the D&D mechanics like your characters do.  While your characters deal damage and have HP in accordance (roughly) with D&D rules, your enemies have MASSIVE hitpoints, and do little damage.  This means that after your wizard launches all his spells at the beginning of combat, your enemies are hardly damaged at all.  Every battle, therefore, becomes a war of attrition.  Your melee fighters line up and slowly, ever so slowly, beat down the enemies' massive hitpoints.  Every battle is a sure victory provided you have enough potions or healing spells to keep your people on their feet.  No strategy, no tactics, no risk, and no interest.Third, there is so much magical loot none of it feels special.  Kill a goblin?  Magical loot.  Find a treasure chest sitting randomly in the middle of the forest?  Magical loot.  Break open a barrel on the side of the road in the Luskan slums? Magical loot.  It's too much.Fourth, your party members are useful in combat only.  In Pillars of Eternity, one of the best things about the game were the text-based cutaways where you solved problems using your entire party's skills or attributes.  Here, only your main character's attributes matter for solving problems.  Here's one mind-numblingly aggravating example:  I needed to open a vine-covered trap door.  My character, a wizard, has low strength and failed to pull the vines off.  My party member, a fighter with massive strength, could not be used to pull the vines.  Additionally, despite knowing spells like fireball and disintigration, my wizard was not given the option to use those skills to remove the vines.Fifth, you have very few abilities.  A wizard does not have access to any spell he finds.  Instead, he gets certain skill trees, each one of which has no more than 4 or 5 spells.  As you level up, you simply unlock a new tier of the same spell that does slightly more damage.  For instance, at 5th level you can get fireball.  At your next level, you get fireball 2, which does slightly more damage.  It is followed by fireball 3.  All the spells work this way.  Consequently, you will have, at most, about 15 unique spells.Finally, the main plot is not particularly interesting, the characters don't captivate, and the sidequests are obnoxious.  SCL's biggest failure is its mechanics, but a close second is its failure to pull you into the D&D universe and keep you interested.In sum, although I am a huge fan of D&D and CRPGs, I could not bring myself to like this game.  Again, if you want a good D&D-style CRPG, buy Pillars of Eternity.  There is nothing this game offers that Pillars doesn't do better."
,Recommended,325600,19275246,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Kraken,"A review from a player and comminity mod designer (I will mention those at the end of the review):First off, let me address the past reviews.  Before you put much stock into them, please consider when the reviews were left.  Many, if not the vast majority, were left within the first 7-14 days of release.  These were, in many ways, shock reviews.  Due to the marketing which was actually relatively honest but nonetheless left people with an incorrect expectation.  Since then, an honest analysis of the game for what it is, and much MUCH more transparency in the development cycle and (shameless plug) great support for modifications have helped elevate the game toward where it should have, and still could be.To summarize the game:  Yes, it is a D&D 5e based game, but light enough in rules and tedious details and processes, that pepole who haven't spent years or decades playing D&D can still pick it up and get the full experience.  The game places much, MUCH emphasis on the belief that ""D&D is an EXPERIENCE"" rather than the mundane ""D&D is a hard-coded ruleset"".As a player, you do choose and design your character in a standard D&D fashion.  Race, class, background, alignment, diety, and a skillset reflective of those choices.  You can then play through the story mode, or a constanctly growing amount of player build mods (already over 1000).  Though the game automatically handles your combat based dice rolls, etc., the game does have an in-chat dice function that allows you to roll for all sorts of stat checks, etc.As a DM, you can design your module in a much, MUCH friendlier (though admittedly less powerful) fashion than NWN, and as a bonus, can bulid and modify in REAL time.  And, if your DM chooses, he can incorporate the dice rolls, etc. into the adventure to add an even greater amount of RP experience to the table.  (I suggest looking up SpacehamsterBoo or IDJester on Youtube to see great examples of how this is done)Now.... As for the negatives that the reviewers have mentioned, let me take time to address the more common ones:-No Tile-by-Tile dungeon designer.  (The Dungeons are procedurally generated, meaning always different, but random).  The developers have released the roadmap, with the first iteration of the requested editor being designed as we speak, and released in either December or January.-No dialogue options in created modules.  (The game focues on Live DMs, wherein the DM can handle dialogue in live play, an accurate reflection of D&D tabletop).  HOWEVER, for those who want to design and play stand-alone adventures without a DM, the first iteration of branched dialogue is ALSO being released in either December or January.-Too many magical items.  This is always being adjusted (Also see mods)-Scaling monsters.  See mods section.-Class design.  See mods section.-------------------Now, for mods... The developers have presented perhaps the greatest support for mods to date.  In fact, in a personal correspondence, they have agreed to add a small (but critical0 addition to the code for my mod endeavor specifically... It's not even going to be in use in the vanilla version, if that's an indication of the level of mod support N-Space is showing us).As for mod accomplishments, here are some mod fixes, just to date:--Removed scaling monsters and set them completely in accordance with the 5e Monster Manual--Unlocked nearly every monster in the single-player mode, including bosses for placement anywhere--Readjusted loot tables, to make them fall within 5e structure.--Rebalancing of the classes to make them PnP equivalent.  Currently have the Wizard and Fighter totally revised.--Additional skills and support for more DM control and PnP equivalency.So, with all that said, if you're looking for a D&D experience, one that you can quickly jump into, and one that is getting better with every single mod and every single developer update, don't hesitate to pick this game up!"
,Not Recommended,325600,18618547,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Crazy Eyes,"I gave this game a thumbs-down, but that is because this game's marketing made it a sort of bait-and-switch. The game itself isn't bad, but it's different than what you might expect. Read on to see if the game interests you because I will describe the game as it frankly is.This game was carefully marketed to appeal to fans of classic CRPGs like Baldur's Gate and Planescape: Torment without revealing any specifics. In fact, many (including myself) were dissatisfied by the recent Pillars of Eternity and were looking for a good CRPG in this game.Let me tell you up front: that CRPG successor is not this game. Period. Not even close.What this game is instead, is a hack-and-slash dungeon crawler set in Forgotten Realms and with some inspiration lifted from 5th Edition rules. If I had to analogize the combat rules with actual D&D rules, I would have to say that it is closest to 4th Edition, but it seems obvious that they desiged the combat to flow quickly when played on a computer. I actually quite like the combat (although I loathe 4th on the table, I maintain that it would make a good computer game foundation with some good encounter and dungeon design). It is best described as a ""more tactical"" variant of hack-and-slash games like Diablo, or perhaps as a faster, streamlined version of the round-based combat in Baldur's Gate and Neverwinter Nights.Combat flows well, and each class has a well-defined role in the fight. Fail at performing those roles, and the party falls apart and you all die. Rogues seem to be inhuman blenders, shredding everything in sight -- as long as they don't face the business end of a stiff breeze, which frequently comes their way due to their damage output. Wizards can easily leave your entire party unable to do anything, but their death comes just as quickly if not quicker. Fighters and Rangers can actually bully the casters with their chain spear attack ripped straight out of Mortal Kombat. This is the best part of the game and the one that most-resembles D&D; and the parts that don't are usually improvements, at least balance-wise. Oh yeah, and the music's pretty good too.Unfortunately, the game is lacking in pretty much everything else. I will be honest and say that I played the single player campaign that came with the game for about 30 minutes before I got bored and started rolling random dungeon crawls. The game comes off as designed for pure combat because the dialogue tree is a sort of poor imitation of the robust dialogue systems in games like Planescape: Torment. Yet, bizarrely, the writing and quest-scripting teams seem to have missed this memo. One of the first quests in the game was literally nothing but talking to NPCs. A typical conversation with an NPC consists of the NPC complaining loudly about something, and then you get three dialogue options each of which are dumbly repeating segments of what they just said with a question mark added, like Solid Snake with ♥♥♥♥ing Alzheimer's. Even Icewind Dale -- basically a spin-off of Baldur's Gate that focused mostly on combat, like this game -- had far, far superior character interaction.And hey, wouldn't you know it, as soon as I did nothing but random dungeon crawls the game actually became fun. The AI seems decent, but a tad unreliable, so I decided to try some online crawls. This was the high point. Playing with a real party of other players is definitely what this game is designed for, first and foremost. And yes, I am sure it is not just the ""fun with friends"" effect, because these people were total strangers. I was playing a giant-killer Ranger and it felt great to be able to yank enemy casters over to me and slam dunk them with my greataxe, and keep my Rogue comrade alive with the occasional Goodberry. I'm in my element here; I love dungeon crawls and team-oriented hack-and-slash. If you like that kind of stuff, consider playing this game. I'm also a bit eager to try out DMing.My biggest fear is that the content which seems to be ""missing"" from this game -- things that are present in D&D but not Sword Coast Legends -- will be sold to us a morsel at a time to nickel and dime us. Things like half-orcs, Barbarian, Monk, and Bard. Monsters like uhhh... ♥♥♥♥ing DRAGONS? Yes. DRAGONS ARE NOT IN THE GAME! I am about 95% sure that it's going to show up as a cool new DLC for five bucks and then I'm probably going to stop playing this game. If they release it as big bundles or expansion packs, I'd be all right with that; I only paid thirty dollars for the base game after all. Here's hoping.In short, I guess my conclusion is that you should wait before buying this game. If you like dungeon crawling, then you may very well like this game, but you should probably wait and see if they'll release free content or reasonably-bundled content later on. If you were hoping for a deep and content-rich CRPG with a gripping narrative or really anything besides combat, keep hoping."
,Recommended,325600,18946675,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Ancient,"This game is already one of my all time favorites and I'm not even finished with the story yet, much less delved into player-made dungeons or trying my hand at making my own campaigns.Understand that many of the negative reviews you see stem from the fact that this game is not Neverwinter Nights 3, which is what a lot of Dungeons and Dragons fans wanted.  This is it's own game, and I love it.***As 1L1NC4 pointed out in a comment:  The expectation of NWN3 or Baldurs Gate inspired goodness may very well be the fault of the marketing department.  They did seem to go through some length to make videos / prerelease information seem like it might be just that.  I wouldn't fault anyone for feeling fooled.  In reference to the DM tools falling short of expectation, I personally do not feel like they did.  I feel like the DM tools are fairly solid, but I can understand pen-and-paper DM's feeling shorted on the matter, since, with the limitations of GUI and such, there are far less options in-game than on paper.The story so far has been intriguing, the gameplay is excellent (hardmode seems to be the most DnD like) and the choice of how you want to play is superb.  For a fan of many of the Forgotten Realms novels like myself, the nostalgia of meeting some of your favorite characters and visiting places they visited is absolutely breathtaking.I love this game and think I will spend many, many more hours in it.  Is it for everyone?  Probably not.  If you're a Dungeons and Dragons fan that is looking for something new, or someone who loves a great story in a semi-turn based RPG, I'd suggest you give this one a try."
76561198031478752,Not Recommended,325600,19445505,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,sirchet,"It's not a bad Hack and Slash""Click Fest"", but it's not DnD.If this game would have been promoted as ""A funaction/RPG with a little DnD flavor"" I wouldn't feel so played.IMHO this game is a clear example of ye ole""Bait and Switch""where they sell you one thing and give you another.If you just want a mindless game where you'll always win as long as you keep clicking, then this is a game you might like.If you want a 5ed DnD re-inacted and adapted to fit in the crpg type of games,you'll be sadly disappointed.In order to keep all the whiney little craps from commenting about my amount of play time I will give a short explanation. I played it for quite a while through many different builds hoping it would improve as the devs said it would, it did not.Keep in mind thatthere is no thumb sideway button, you can either recommend or not. I do not recommend as per my initial review. Also, no matter how much whining goes on, my review will stay as it is, (because it's my opinion). If your comment comes accross as even close to being a whiney self rightous regurgitation I will delete it."
,Not Recommended,325600,18578966,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,ogresav,"This feels more like a diablo game with DM mode than a D&D game. If you are comign into this game expecting something like Neverwinter Nights like I was, put your credit card away.As a dungeon master, you can't design a dungeon. You can customize a randomly generated one, by adding traps, monsters, and maybe an NPC. But as an NPC, expect a Diablo experience. Unless you possess the NPC as a dungeon master in game, all they'll do is either be hostile/neutral/friendly and say one chat message, and trigger the quest to complete.If you should leave this review with anything, just know that as a dungeon master, you can't design the dungeon, bottom line."
76561198123967985,Not Recommended,325600,18605047,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,S4r3v0k,"Honestly, it looked really good on previews and so on, but there's just so much wrong with this besides the fact that the ""5th Edition D&D"" is really only there to draw sales.Main issues are:- Character creation: it's really not D&D. It's your classic MMO-style skill-tree-based RPG. The only thing that resembles D&D is the races and the fact it uses STR, DEX, CON, INT, WIS and CHA as stats.- The fact that the controls suck (for example, there's no way to quickly go to a specific character you want, you have to tab cycle through all your party or click it. We had 1-6 for party characters way back in Baldur's Gate, and F keys for skills, which are mostly unused here),- The combat is fast-paced, chaotic and it's really hard to actually control what your party is doing, regardless of the pause.- The game feels unpolished, like a beta version that was shipped out quickly as a proof of concept.- Online play: yay, let's hack and slash through a randomly generated dungeon filled with generic baddies. This gets boring before it begins.It plays like a lifeless, much lower quality Dragon Age: Origins clone.I will be asking for a refund, and recommend that if you liked D&D games like Baldur's Gate, Neverwinter Nights, Temple of Elemental Evil and so on, stay away from this."
76561198023673948,Not Recommended,325600,23745981,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,dr.f00,"My problem with this game, other than being a clunky version of Neverwinter Nights and that it was hastily reskinned as a D&D product, is that they've completely destroyed the power fantasy element of this type of combat-heavy RPG.Begin your illustrious campaign to save the world as a level 1 nobody armed with a rusty nail and an auto-rolling d20. Easily vanquish vicious wild animals and random bandits filled with experience points as you climb your way up skill trees (?) to eventually become a god amongst men.But now, finally max level, toting the Sword of Damnation, buzzing around with a billion hitpoints and crashing down meteors in your wake... there are those frickin' same bandits again, now with TWO billion hitpoints, laughing at all your ""progress"" as a veritable apocalypse rages around them.This game has devolved to the same nonsensical number fest as the Diablo franchise, without any of the components that makes that series great. Now, I'm not a D&D purist or anything, but they should at least be trying to capture the spirit of that universe.If you want a better D&D experience, go play the game that couldn't get the license: Pillars of Eternity. Ironically, they did a much better job in all regards."
76561198008682735,Not Recommended,325600,19242743,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Daggy,"I followed this game for a long time- and after playing it for 127 hours, I can honestly say this is not the game I was hoping for. This game feels, at best, an early beta for a Diablo clone with less options. I was most disappointed about the lack of core classes, the way the majic system works (no spell books? skill points for spells was disappointing). Some areas of the game seems very broken. There is no cap on Cooldown Reduction or Action Speed- so you can have a character spamming any skill as fast as they can press the button. (When you consider Meteor Swarm, thats insane). The game is very easy for people to duplicate items from the campaign. A player, with just minimal work, can get well over 1000 charisma score. The game looks and feels very rough- it is not polished and there is no ""pop"" to any aspect of it. It is mostly bland. As much as I wanted, the story never felt immersive.I respect the developers for trying to do their own thing, but if this had been a modern adaption/reimagined Neverwinter Nights or Baldur's Gate- the game would be busting at the seams. Instead- WoTC allowed another disappointing game to use the Dungeon and Dragons name to draw in people hopeful for the above mentioned possibility.I will give the developers credit in that they seem to be doing their honest best to please the community, but unfortunately for me- this game will never be what I was hoping for."
76561197991942615,Not Recommended,325600,19266538,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Faray,"I can not in good faith recommend this game. It's not terrible, but it lacks a lot of things. Combat is way too simple, and way too easy. You just spam all your skills, wait for CDs and do it agian. There is no resource managment, as everything is just on a CD.Item drops are random like diablo, but almost never anything is good.Story is ok, but nothing special.There are much better rpg choices out there."
,Recommended,325600,26738802,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,= SirRabies =,"This game had a lot going for it. People saw it as a revival of the D&D video game franchise, and with games like Baldur's Gate and Neverwinter Nights to live up to, it's no wonder that it didn't come out like people wanted it to. But there are a few things you must consider. Let's do this sweet and simple...WHY IT IS A GHOST TOWN:Long story short, the developers bit off more than they could chew and flunked. They managed only a single free mini-expansion, Rage of Demons, and then went under. n-Space shut down, and there are no plans to further support the game. Now, this will understandably turn many people off. But even though the developers are gone, they still left much behind. By purchasing SCL, this is what you get:* A full three-act story-driven campaign with an interesting set of heroes, villains, and everything in between.* Another story campaign that came with Rage of Demons. (I have not played it yet)* A dungeon crawl mode where you can set up a randomized or not-so-randomized dungeon in seconds and then play through it with a full AI party or with friends.* ADungeon Mastermode where you can create your own stories and submit them, or just play through them with friends or AI. This mode gives you the ability to set up custom NPCs, custom enemies, custom bosses (not the easiest to do), create locations, create dungeons, organize story points, create dialogue, and set the rewards.* Countless custom stories were ""left behind"" after the initial launch craze, where fans flocked in without end, and now they are all still there, waiting for players. You could likely spend hundreds of hours or more playing them all. I'm not sure how many people are still making them, but who knows?* Character Customization: Races - Human, Elf, Half-Elf, Dwarf, Halfling, Tiefling, Drow. Classes - Fighter, Wizard, Rogue, Ranger, Cleric, Paladin, Warlock. For some flair, you can make a whole backstory, including your deity, your occupation, your allignment (Ex. Chaotic Evil, Neutral Good), and even your voice.* Branching skill tree for each class. This opens up many opportunities, like choosing a main element for your wizard, becoming a cleric-paladin hybrid, being an assassin rogue, having ranger pets, and each of the countless abilities has custom effects and some of them look fantastic.* 20 levels to get through. Your stats and level do not change while transferring between modes, sort of like Diablo.* Unlimited opportunities if you bring friends. As a dungeon master, look over a party of your friends and act like a god, being able to spawn down enemies, NPCs, bosses, etc. You can also play through the entire campaign, as well as dungeon crawls, with a party of friends. If you can only bring one or two, the other spots are filled with AI.So, you see why I reccommend this? No matter how few people are playing, Sword Coast Legends is nowhere near a ""bad"" game. Play by yourself or with a few friends willing to spend the cash, and you've got at least a hundred hours of content for you to not get bored over. This is not a call to people who left to come back, I simply want people to realize what about this game makes it good. SCL could've been revolutionary if it had only been in more experienced hands. If you do choose to buy this game, whether it be on a sale or not, have fun."
76561197998206602,Recommended,325600,22732983,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Sir Lord Wololo,"Do you see the name 'Sword Coast'? Good.Now, I want you to not think about 'D&D' while looking at the name 'Sword Coast'.Hard, right? Maybe even impossible?Don't worry. It was hard for me too, and I still have a hard time getting over the connection between those two names.But the thing is:If you have buddies and if you would enjoy having a jolly good RPG cooperative time, overlooking this connection will improve your experience significantly. I repeat: focusing on the fact that this isn't a D&D experience will jump greatly on how much you will enjoy this game.Imagine Icewind Dale but centred on typical/average solid RPG mechanics rather than D&D.Imagine Dragon Age but with cooperative gameplay.'Sword Coast Legends' are these two things exactly and more. It is a straightforward, solid 4-man primarily dungeon-crawling RPG experience with minor dungeon master elements and mechanics. All things considered 'D&D' here are translated and streamlined into a more casual and straightforward; I repeat: translated and streamlined. 'Sword Coast Legends' is NOT a 'D&D' game but is still, in fact, good and rich.Yes, 'Sword Coast Legends' is streamlined but solid and good, and I highly recommend it with friends who would be willing to overlook the lack of 'D&D' or who are of those who are just generally interested in jolly good RPG cooperative.The gameplay is well-thought and straightforward; nothing complicated here to stimulate those craving for a hardcore experience. The graphics are beautiful. The audio is breathtaking. The story... Is exactly like how Icewind Dale did it (hahahaha); the story just throws at you random plots for you to have more reasons to confront danger and trouble for your RPG-ing needs.This game is just that, but it's good at what it does. I will admit to that.Originally, having read many of the negative reviews and hearing the hearsay and whatnot, I stayed far away from this game, thinking it was toxic to the new generation in its presentation of D&D; this is true as its marketing was misleading from what I heard (I tend to ignore marketing so I don't know to be exact the brunt of it). However, I decided, one day with friends, to give this game a try and erase my mind, looking at it in a blank slate.Frankly, even as a fan of Icewind Dale, Neverwinter Nights, the recent Pillars of Eternity and all things beautiful, this game has a certain charm and is good as a game of its own turf.There was at one point I giggled greatly, which I hadn't in quite a while, as this game replicates moments of Icewind Dale, Pillars of Eternity, Dungeon Siege and perhaps other dungeon crawlers that tickled my giblets while keeping it at an extreme level of simplicity.Immediately after hours of having played this game (and, mind you, I have been playing this game on differing chances and not on this account), I bought this game for my account and, as even after purchase, I am looking forward for the many adventures presented to me by 'Sword Coast Legends'.Yes, I recommend this game to anyone who would like to be just carefree and enjoy a RPG.No, this isn't D&D.No, this isn't a complex experience that will constantly keep you immersed.No, it's not perfect nor lives up to expectation.But I had a good time, my friends had a good time and I think you (among others) will too if you're willing to look away and give this game the chance of being apart from a powerful legacy (which being apart is what I think it wholely deserves) - not bringing it down by its setting's D&D background and so on.Because it's still a good game and it still presents a good fun and, sometimes, challenging experience.Recommended."
,Recommended,325600,18587721,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,jimbobslimbob,"Note: I have 52 hours in the headstart version of the game.Main ReviewThe game itself is great fun - with a group of friends and a good DM (the main campaign on the other-hand, is also great playing solo). If you play with strangers or solo in anything outside of the main campaign, maybe not so much. The toolset is limiting at present, but with a bit of creativity on the part of the DM (and willing players) - you will find it actually is quite a good interpretation of PnP. The game gives you the option to play it in a hack-n-slash way, or with deeply involved RP - just make sure you are grouped with people that understand what you want out of the game and it will work for you.If we were to draw comparisons on games - it's like a mix between NWN and DA:O. It's less ""fully-featured"" than NWN in terms of mechanics and toolset, but the similarities are there. Just beware of this going in.Graphically it is pretty good. Nothing to write home about, but it does what it does well enough. The music and sound is really good as well. Most main campaign quest dialogue is voiced, while other side-quests are not. There are no cutscenes for dialogue, the camera instead moves down nearer to the characters as speech takes place.Module CreationThe module creation toolset is okay. It is fairly limited at present (nowhere near the complexity of the NWN toolset, for instance). You can create/select areas based on pre-defined tilesets and place objects, creatures and the like in the area. Dungeons are randomly generated, based off several initial factors, such as difficulty, complexity, tileset, monster set etc. Once generated, you can then visit the area and further customise it to your liking, including adding bosses, quests, NPC,s and objects. The predefined quests are ""kill boss"", ""kill monsters"" and ""collect materials"" - which you can quickly assign and customise to your liking. There is also a custom quest generator to give you greater control over the quests. You can create monsters, NPC's and characters to add to your adventures - all with lots of customisation options such as appearance, abilities and attributes. You can even create custom creature sets. Modules can be uploaded to share with others in the world - and downloaded just as easy. This gives you instant access to a wealth of community content (with ratings), ensuring there is always something new to experience and will extend your play-time dramatically.Dungeon MasterThe DM mode is another important feature to the game. Here you get to play as a ""fifth character"" (of sorts). In this mode, you don't control a party member or contribute to the game in a normal way, instead you take control of the other players experience - by customising it as they play. This can be in the form of adding or removing monsters, placing objects, setting up quests, possessing creatures and the like. This is where the game really opens up into much more of a roleplaying game. The way in which the players interact with the challenges the DM poses are key to the game - and as any D&D player will tell you, key to PnP (Pen and Paper) gaming as well. For example: you may have a locked door and a custom NPC guarding it. As the DM, you can talk to the players through this NPC - getting them to possibly roll a diplomacy check to appease the NPC. If the party fails, you could turn the NPC hostile and a fight will ensue. Another example: your party is crossing a bridge. As the DM, you can pause the game and ask the players to roll a spot check. If they fail you could spawn a hidden assassin to ambush them. The possibilities are endless - and the DM role is very important in this game. It's also quite a lot of fun to boot. DM's can be rated on three different categories (out of 5) - which players get to do at the end of a session. This means that you will hopefully know what you are in-for with a DM you do not know.CampaignThe campaign has an interesting story and is enjoyable. It's fairly lengthy and should provide at least 30 hours of entertainment (dependant on the number of side-quests you do). Most of the things that are ""missing"" from module creation are present here - such as branching dialogue, skill checks and custom areas. Companions are fully voiced, as is the main quest ""path"". Some of the voice acting is superb. It also features a novel addition whereby you are not forced to bring along certain party members if you don't want them, but they can still interact with you or talk to NPC's as if they were there. This means you are not forced to bring a party member along just for fear of missing something. You can play the campaign co-op with up to 3 friends as well, which is great fun.The Ruleset DebacleThe game's interpretation of 5th Edition rules caused a lot of people to get upset. The game says that it is ""based on 5th edition"", which is very true. It's not an exact translation of 5th edition rules - but they are there. Things have been changed, perhaps not all of them for the best. Most notable changes include resting, skill trees and cooldowns. Resting was removed because it's a PITA in a computer game - and cooldowns for skills were brought in offset the loss of the rest system. Skill trees seem to be a bugbear for a lot of people too - mainly the lack of Wizard spells and the way in which you use ability points to ""level-up"" existing abilities. One more thing required a mention here - level scaling. Currently, all enemies in the game are scaled to your level. This is something that does not exist in D&D. Their reason behind doing this is so that you can hop across modules and never have an issue with under/overpowered monsters. This is, of course, not to everyone's tastes. For instance, you can come up against a level 20 Goblin that proves quite a challenge, where-as in D&D you would be able to mow down Goblins by the dozen at level 20.Important Question #1: Can you forgive/put aside rule alterations?The ""it's not real D&D"" DebacleA lot of people have got quite worked up over this. The argument by some is that this game is not a ""real D&D game"". I say, that is complete rubbish. D&D means different things to different people, but I have always seen D&D as a social game with friends. If you play/treat the game like this, then it isveryD&D. Lay aside the differences between PnP and a computer game - of which it is inevitable there will be some. All-in-all, the game does a very good job of adapting it - mainly because of the possibilities it opens up with module creation and a live DM. A live DM is the heart and soul of the game - and make it a much better experience.The lore, races, classes, monsters, feel and spirit of D&D is all here.Important Question #2: Do you plan to play this game like you would PnP (with a group of friends and a good DM)?Important Question #3: Do you even care about D&D (if not, you will probably enjoy it anyway)?SummaryIf you will complain when a game does not translate D&D rules to the letter, you will probably be disappointed. If you are a little more forgiving, there is lots of enjoyment to be had here. If you have a good group of friends to play with - and a good DM, the game also becomes infinitely better. That's not to say it is not a good game without one, but you truly haven't experienced it at its full potential until you have played in this way. If you are here as a solo player then the main campaign may interest you, but outside of that, you may not get as much out of the game.The game is brimming with potential, but it boils down tohowyou play it, to whether you will enjoy it or not. It's not NWN 3, but it is a solid D&D game that will keep you entertained for quite some time. The developers are very active and listen to suggestions - with any luck they will continue to improve the game post-release.Jimbo Rating: 8/10"
76561198109500046,Recommended,325600,26225937,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,hobotone,"Neverwinter Nights 2 forgot to use protection and accidentally got Dragon Age Origins pregnant, and this was their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child. Like most illegitimate children, it's creators made promises to shower it with love and attention, but all it ever really got was neglect and rejection from both sides of the family.Could you learn to accept this orphan, with it's Sword Coast backdrop, party camp, and  ability cooldowns? Could you see past its odd ruleset, unfixed bugs, and lack of multiplayer, and find a cubic zirconium in the rough?I did. I decided to say #@&$ you to all the snobbish D&D purist !@#%+%@, and just play through this game for what it was, without any preconceived notions of what it could or should have been. Got it on sale, and enjoyed it as a single player party based isometric rpg. I've got almost 40 hours in now, for what I would have spent on a floofy pumpkin spiced whatever in town. It's all about perspective."
,Not Recommended,325600,32125543,Posted: 2 June,all,~Namida no Samurai~,"I was so hyped for this game and could not have been more disappointed - so many missed opportunities and the multiplayer aspect is so lackluster. Seems like false advertising to claim something is based on 5e DnD then barely use any of the features that make 5e such an accessible pnp game. If you're not a DnD fan and want an ""OKAY"" rpg, give it a shot on sale. Otherwise not worth the screen architecture it's written on - stick with Dragon Age: Origins.+ character customisation is detailed+ story is dramatic- graphically very pretty- classes don't feel like DnD- AI is awful- Pathfinding lacking- Lack of real co-op- DM mode lacks real map editor"
76561197975931077,Not Recommended,325600,18623610,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,PSiKoTiC,"I bought a copy of this for me and my wife; I started with AD&D second edition, and I heard.. I believe it was about a year ago that Hasbro/TSR/WoTC had a DM-able game. thinking logical progression that would be amazing. Alot of times I've had many many gaming groups (even just casual ones) break up due to time, irl issues and the logistics of everyone getting time off and being able to (and feeling like) hauling their rear over to a common place to geek out. I instantly got 2 pre-orders when I heard of this from..Slashdot.comI think it was.I would like to say this game so far, fails in almost every aspect. Without the nugget that this actually adheres to a d20 gaming system (which by default is hidden, and keeps defaulting back to hidden) Minor bugs, and barely passible graphics. The game play is terrible. Unless you plan on pausing the game ever 5 seconds to re apply skills, manually (not turn based) which make this game a mediocre to ugly looking free for all, based on a 'official dnd' gaming system, that isn't fun to play, and isn't appealing to the eye and has none of the feeling of 5th edition dnd, or a good rpg.Alot more was promised here aside from a poor looking Pillars of Eternity mimic. Unfortunatley this seems to be the same path Wizards of the Coast is doing with the Magic the Gathering franchise aswell, hiring mediocre game coders/designers or simply putting them on too limited of a budget to do anything more than superficial games with no real thought or depth to them.Classes aren't implimented properly.. Rogues fully buffed can solo most encounters; all classes heal (clerics pretty much obsolete), no tactics.. just a really ugly looking isometric rpg with a very clunky non-intuitive UI, with point click and smashing (yes even wizards aside from the occasion spell on a cool down timer)Comparitive immersion think.. Diablo 3 .. Barbarian. attack. button mash so you hit the 'skill' everytime cool down expires. Pause. Drink potions when you get low.I'm a large fan of DnD myself get yourself some dice and a couple books and dive in. it's amazing. This poor excuse for a game falls short on -all- of these promises, I've seen Android games match the graphics/character customization and depth of this game. DnD based or not; this was not the immersive bring your buddies with you and have a gaming session that was promised. I'm hoping this changes.. but at this point I highly doubt it.Big Thumbs down Hasbro;Shape up or just throw in the towel and retire it.My thoughts;Not yours.Update: 10/24/2015Sword Coast Legends posts link to game review:http://www.rockpapershotgun.com/2015/10/21/sword-coast-legends-review/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+rockpapershotgun%2Fsteam+%28Rock%2C+Paper%2C+Shotgun%3A+Steam+RSS%29Direct quotes from gaming review linked by the developer in steam:""Clearly this was only a brief glance, but it wasn’t one that has given me any inclination to dig any deeper. It seems we still desperately need someone to come up with the ultimate AD&D online DMing extravaganza, cos this ain’t it.”and/or""It’s definitely best to think of Sword Coast Legends not as Dungeons & Dragons (let alone AD&D) and more as a sort of low-key DIY Diablo. Even then, the core combat is too forgettable, and the DM mode too limited, to make a solid case for playing this instead of co-op Diablo or Torchlight or Titan Quest or Path of Exile if monster-bothering with chums is what you’re after. It’s not impossible that later updates will make fighting feel less underwhelming or expand the potential of dungeon-building, but I wouldn’t want to bet on it.It’s absolutely true to say that you get out of Sword Coast Legends what you put in, but right now there just aren’t enough reasons to put much in.""Professional game critics linked by the game developer, don't just take my word on it; take the link; if your a real hardcore DnD fan wait for this game to hit the 10$ cheapy bin on steam in record time."
76561198117760235,Recommended,325600,22821818,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Skarp Hulduson,"Whether you like this game or hate it is going to depend largely on your ability to forgive the developers for advertising a D&D game and delivering a D&D-inspired game.Personally, I like it. I was very much hoping for a ""real"" D&D v5 game, but I can certainly live with and enjoy what I got instead. The UI is far better than any D&D or D20 (or D20-inspired) game that I've previously played.I also know, from decades of bitter experience, that slavish adherence to any D&D ruleset is a very good way to build a very bad game. Pen and paper systems just don't translate well into a fun videogame experience. So my disappointment at a modified rule system was offset by relief that I didn't get a horrifically faithful game."
,Not Recommended,325600,18650674,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,BlackLeoBloom,"I really thought that this would be a game I loved since my favorite game is Baldur's Gate and there has really not been anything that could scratcht the same itch.  Surely a game sharing the Forgotten Realms logo could do so, right?Not even close.  The combat is drearily uninteresting, with most of your characters doing actions and casting spells automatically if you aren't controlling them, which is the antithesis to tactical strategy.  The spells and abilities learned in this game seem borrowed from a AAA RPG like Elder Scrolls, since they are tiered in a similar way that has certain requirements, which seems ridiculous seeing as how the developer had the rights to use the rulesets from D&D.  Why would they choose to instead use an extremely generic skill and attribute system; why would they use simplified, safe combat; why does everything in this game feel like it is made to be as safe as possible so as to appealing to the most amount of people?  This was selling to a sort of niche audience, so, to me, trying to make this extremely accessible and casual is a really dumb mistake.DO NOT buy this. If you want an old style RPG, buy the Enhanced Editions to Baldur's Gate 1 & 2, they are more accessible than the original and retain originality and fluid gameplay, unlike Sword Coast Legends."
76561198125999898,Not Recommended,325600,32723293,Posted: 24 June,all,Jagga Spikes,"not bad, but quite buggy. items disapper, mp/co-op desyncs, etc. not really D&D, but close enough. bargain title, at best. also, abbandoned by devs."
76561197971300342,Recommended,325600,19841086,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Roy,"Single Player Review+ Excellent Story+ Atmospheric voice cast+ Soundtrack is first class+ Great Environments and Varied tilesets+ Fun Combat+ Very Accessible- Probably not for Hardcore D&D enthusiastsA fun romp in the D&D world, if you have been hankering to get back into a game that is based on D&D with the lore andcharacters that you remember than this is for you, you can recreate your favourite character from your tabletop game andhead off into the dungeons and cities of the Sword Coast once again.Its easy to get into and wont overwelm those of you who have never sat down and had to pour over the Players Handbookpage for page, but for those of you who still love the lore and have possibly had a quick look through a friendsPlayers Handbok or the Bestiary and thought to yourself that you might want to actually play it someday but only got as far as creating a pen and paper character.I dont have time to organise with friends to play this together, so I have not tried it as a party of player created hereos, I haveenjoyed what i have played so far with my half-elf ranger and fully expect to replay again with another character.Enjoy the game for what it is, not what other people say it isnt."
76561197994542669,Not Recommended,325600,18625054,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Insaneoyster,"If I had to choose 1 word to describe this game; SLOPPYI have played D&D since the 1980's through every edition since.This is NOT D&D by any consideration.It wouldn't NEED to be D&D really, since it is a video game and the two can diverge and still both be fun independ of one another. However;A) The developers specifically claimed the game incorporated 5th edition rules, it does NOT.B) Its just simply not fun. Full stop. Period. It is bad.I was initially very supportive of the devs and this game. I played the early head-start, and even purchased the collector's edition. I told my friends to ignore the nay-sayers on Steam and that the devs would come through for us fans.Sadly, I have since requested a refund.Here is why;The game is an overt attempt at making a DIABLO 3 clone but it isn't executed well at all;- The graphics, even with all settings blazing full-blast, look like something out of a Playstation 2.- The gameplay is stale, utterly boring, and the UI is a mess of hotkeys and abilities ala a sloppily organized WoW HuD.- The numbers behind the scenes are waaay off kilter. For instance, a minor boss will absolutely destroy a even a full 4-player group over and over again as the players run feaverishly about trying to ""rez"" each other with healing kits. It leaves a player going ""Boy, this just isn't fun at all"" while simultaneously wondering whether the devs did any work whatsoever in balancing this aspect of the game.- Treasure and loot is a random mismash of potions, jewels, and gear that is so sloppily presented that about 1/2 my inventory after a dungeon crawl were items that I had no idea how I acquired.It is with great regret and sincere sadness that I must give this game a thumbs down.It had so much potential and so much promise, all of it squandered by sloppy and unpolished production value."
76561198073268469,Not Recommended,325600,23284337,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,GrandMajora,"Now I understand the devs went bankrupt, so there's not a lot they can do, but I've noticed the game could use some polishing up. For one thing, your character's race, alignment, religion, and background have virtually no impact on the story at all. One of your companions who greatly distrusts and hates the Drow apparently has no reaction towards your character being a Drow. Yet when you encounter another drow companion, she goes into full on paranoia like she's expecting them to stab the whole party in their sleep!There is also no way to double check your character's flavor build after you leave character creation, short of writing it into your bio. Once you finish character creation, there's no way to check what your alignment or your deity is. But the worst part is that this also extends to the Ranger's racial enemy as well!One of your companions, is a Ranger. But I can't tell what they're supposed to be good at killing, because it doesn't list it anywhere for them. Not even so much as giving a hint in their character bio!The story is played on a railway system with the only significant choices appearing to be whether or not you kill people / recruit them to join you. Even if you're playing an evil character who wants to slaughter the world, there's no ""evil ending"" that lets you side with the main villain, or at the very least usurp their power. You have to be the hero!Even the module creation needs some working on. From what I can tell, the equipment you have available in DM mode is dependent on what gear you have come across during your adventures. The first time I tried to make a module, the list of equipment I could give to NPC's was extremely limited. But after I found a bunch of loot on my own play throughs, I found the available selections had opened up. What this basically means is that you need to grind as a PC before you can make a good module as a DM!You also can not pick the reward that quests give you when creating a module. You can decide whether or not it gives you gold, but you have to pick ""Random"" on whatever kind of weapon / armor / trinket that it gives you. You also can not custom design weapons / armor / trinkets. Which I can kind of understand, but it's still disappointing.Those who are accustomed to D&D games and the crap load of spells and abilities they have to offer, may be off put by the skill tree system, but it's actually not so bad once you get accustomed to it. The downside is that some of your companions will have access to trees that are exclusive to them, even if you're playing as the same class.  For example, the Deception tree is part of the Wizard class, but one of your companions can learn it. This comes across as being unfair and detracts from the idea of building the character you want to play.If you're looking for a hack and slash dungeon crawler, then Legends of the Sword Coast is fun to check out. But if you're hoping for a role playing experience, you're going to be disappointed."
76561198025209879,Not Recommended,325600,18578586,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,FreshlyMinted,"You'd think that a game by Wizards of the Coast would be at least a little bit like the product it claims to emulate.No multi-classing, no 5th Ed (or any ed) class progression. No DRUID for crying out loud! If you want another party-based dungeon crawler, please go buy Pillars of Eternity instead. There is just as much connection between that game and D&D. Furthermore, the graphics are subpar (my cape was fluttering through the rest of my avatar). Also, the gameplay is glitchy (Pathing errors would cause enemies to just pop around the map sometimes).Someone might say something about the multiplayer and DM aspects about this game. I think you should REALLY evaluate to what degree you would actually use those tools.There just is no enjoyable 'spark' about this title. If you want to try it out, please do. Just remember to keep your playtime under two hours so you can get that steam return (like I did).Very, very disappointed in this title. I've been looking forward to it since I heard about it about 6 months ago. It feels like another Spore.P.S. For a game whose very name is based on a world made popular by R.A. Salvatore (Author of the Drizzt books) they don't even have a FREAKING dark elf. and the ""Moon Elf"" is considered ""nicer"" and ""more friendly"" than the sun elves or whatever. This is Wizard's OWN IP and they aren't even sticking to it."
,Recommended,325600,18604331,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,☣ Broken Ninja ☠,"First thing I should say is I have about 55hrs in the Headstart and currently 6hrs in Launch. My head start campaign was carried over into Launch. Yes, I am taking my time playing and looking in every nook and cranny of the main story. Sadly my Headstart Achievements didnt carry over. No big deal, I plan on playing through multiple times.- This game is not, never was advertised as, nor was ever going to be in the style a turn based DnD game exactly like any of the old Icewind Dales/Baldurs Gates/Planescapes/Neverwinter Nights etc, including the recent Pillars of Eternity. It is certainly NOTHING like the abomination Daggerdale. If you followed any information that was posted on the official website, were part of the forums or even played/watched friends in the alpha/betas you would know this. Also I do not claim to know all of the details of DnD Game Rule Sets, honestly I have forgotten most of them over the years.- Its Both an Action RPG and a Classic RPG, with some of the BASIC rules of the DnD rules depending on how you set your games options. Yes, it still follows a mild amount of rules in the background. I realize that being an Action RPG will quickly be referenced that its like a Diablo game, only if you go into the game options and start removing all the 'Pause' ticks and the RP options that affect the actual Roleplay part to make it a Classic style RPG like Neverwinter Nights (NOT THE NEVERWINTER MMO!). Pausing on certain actions doesnt complete make it a CRPG but it does help with keeping the feel of one.*** Character customization is not as big as it couldve been so far, it is fairly nice, but not the best in any DnD videogame. It has the 5 races to choose from, none of the ADnD races like Teiflings. Still get your racial passives, select your class, alignment, optional Deity, background.- Races, 5 to choose from. More will be available in the future to choose from in the future per discussion between Trudge (SCL Dev) andMMORPG.com.- Classes are the 6 basic classes to choose from. There will be more classes to choose from in the future per discussion between Trudge (SCL Dev) andMMORPG.com- Attribute System is the core character sheet DnD mechanic and works well with the games RP dialog, world/dungeon checksum mechanics and both crpg & arpg combat.- Skill System follows the rules of the DnD Combat Rules with its Pass/Fail checks. Instead of rolling out a List of Skills to choose from like the godfathers of the DnD universe have originally layed out, the skills were instead layed out into multiplay skill trees to choose from. Depending on what class you chose, you always get the main 'Skills & Proficiencies' tree, a 'Secondary Weapon' (class specific) tree, 'Martial Ability' tree and your classes 4 ability trees. These 4 trees would look similar as a way to 'Multispec' your abilities. Just my opinion.**i.e. - My first Character is a Ranger- Primary Weapon Tree is ' Archery'- Secondary Weapon tree is 'Two-Handed Weapon'- 4 Skill trees to choose from are Hunting, Beast Master, Hunting & WardenNow as you & your companions (any you successfully recruit) level up, every level you get 3 ability points in which you can spec into any starting ability node or advanced node provided the prerequisite ability is unlocked or you meet the level requirement to unlock it. Primary and Subprimary branch skills require 2pts to activate. Advanced Skills from lv9 or higher require 3 pts to unlock. Also every few levels you level up in you get to add 2 attribute points to your characters, should be a no brainer for familiar DnD fans.- Companions in the Campaign are are quite useful and include some of the classes we are not allowed to play as (currently) like Hommet the Necromancer.- Combat system depending on how your options are set will always be on an active timer. Its not a Turn Based system, though you can simulate it with interaction pauses from the options menu -- i.e. your character finishes an ability it will pause and you can queue the next action.Also under the avatars of your party members is a small box to engage Solo and let the A.I. automatically control your party members, except for who you are currently selected, or click it to enable yourself to control all of your parties abilities and only let them do generic attacks.- Loot system has a set list of items but 90% of the npc drops and chests loot tables are randomly generated loot. So starting a dungeon or reloading a dungeon unless it was already cleared will refresh and randomize the loot tables.You never get the same loot in a chest you opened unless its quest related. Ive not encountered any *Godlike* items, especially from Named & Unique items. It all just depends on how you want to deck out your Heroes.- Campaign Story is your typical be the hero(es) and save the world. Your RP dialog options for most of it keep the story entertaining enough. Its not a perfect story, but its above average considering. I believe it has enough to maintain replayability for most. If not at least to replay the campaign with friends in 4 player co-op mode.- Solo Campaign Companions are actually useful and provide entertaining dialog as well as their companion side quests. You find more lore for them and why they are part of your journey.- Co-op is where youll maximize your entertainment, usually with friends or a friendly group of randoms. You have a choice of...- Co-Op Campaign mode which brightens the replayability if not enhances the first time play through of it.- Module Campaign mode which is customized campaigns & modded campaigns.- Dungeon Crawl mode which consists of randomly generated fungeons! (Get it? Fun... Dungeon? Fungeon! Its a play on words. - King Candy)- There is also DM mode, where you can create your own Campaigns, dungeons as well as moderate them while others are exploring them, adding in extra spawns & traps dynamically changing the experience for everyone. I hear its not the most advanced toolset for the current day and age. Especially from those who have used the Neverwinter Night 1 toolset which I agree that was really advanced for its day. Its definitely usable and fun. I think it was simplified to for more people to use it and keep the Lore of the 'Legends' part of the Sword Coast continuing through our adventures.- The camera and screen panning could definitely use some work, though youll likely get used to how it is until the patch some fixes. Until then the only was is with WASD on the keyboard.- There is a chat system including basic keyboard chat, as well as a party audio chat for those grouping dungeoneers. Useful imo if everyone else figured out how to use it lol.- Now there is a decent amount of humor and 'Easter Eggs' referencing past titles in the Sword Coast lore. I.e. if any of you remember Lilarcor (BG1), Enserric (NWN-HotU), you might find something upstream if you explore your options next  time you use your brains when youre in town.All being said despite what I see as ""Confused Negative Reviews"", this game works as intended, a few manageable flaws yes, game breaking though? No, it just depends on the type of game you are looking for and how you want to play it.""... And The Choice is Yours"" - Socucius Ergalla7.5/10  in its current standing... (im being a little hopeful)"
,Recommended,325600,19779309,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Chris745,"Play this game for what it is and not as Baldurs gate 3 or NWN 3 and it is actually pretty fun, let nostalgia and dreams rule your thoughts and you are missing out. Not for everyone but also not deserving of the hate it gets.The free weekend turned this into a 'buy' for me.EDITPlenty of people seem to waste their time just leaving negative comments on any review that dare like this game, genuine criticisms will be left here. Pointless whinge threads will be deleted, if you dont like it just go and play something else."
76561198141996578,Not Recommended,325600,19187721,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,WoodVTier,"This game promised D&D with DM / player experience. It did not deliver.I know that game development is hard.  I don't mind that the game is clunky.  I don't mind that the designer is limiting. I don't mind that the content is lacking. I understand that - and it could be improved over time.However, I read the description of this game ""uses 5th edition ruleset"" and made the purchase. That is where I feel betrayed. It has the same ability scores, races, and classes, and there are to-hit rolls, and damage-rolls, but that's about it. The rest of the system has been replaced by something unrecognizable - and not for the better. The mechanics are awful, abilities are pointless, and every fight is a confused brawl.From the description, I was promised D&D. It's not the best game system in the world, but it's much better than this. The worst part? The D&D games that were programmed 10 years ago are better on almost every other point as well."
76561198167113282,Recommended,325600,19793775,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Woomas,"A bit crude and modernized (simplified for veterans of the genre) CRPG but the essentials for a good game are there for sure. Not sure why this game has so bad review ratio, there are some seriously bad games out there with better reviews. It's not a bad game, not by a long shot.So, I looked at the negative reviews and seems some (or even most of them) seem to be judging the game by what it SHOULD have been instead of what it is. I did not follow the development of the game nor am I a DnD veteran so I can't say whether the hate is justified or not. I will review the game as it is and how I experienced it so far.The good+ The story starts off right off the bat and is relatively interesting. Characters are well-written (if a bit cliche) and I had a couple chuckles shortly after starting the game.+ Combat is simple enough and doesn't feel overwhelming even at the beginning, but you still have the freedom to approach each battle the way you like it.+ Several ways to build and specialize your character and party members.+ Voice acting is good where it is used.+ Support from community and devs seems good.+ Co-op and multiplayer options are there even if they are a bit clunky.""The neutrals"" which need to be mentioned? The graphics aren't eyecandy level but acceptable at worst, peculiarly pleasing (due to nostalgy and love to similar games in the past) at best.? RPG elements are there (for example you can kill or save some NPCs depending on your choices) but they don't feel very meaningful in the bigger picture.The bad- It feels a little unpolished, for example only the crucial NPCs are voice acted, no hotkey (or at least I didn't find one) for 'select all' or partymembers themselves etc. There are also some bugs (full screen tick doesn't work) and tweaking to be done with the video options first time you launch the game.- No option or difficulty setting for more in-depth gameplay. I can appreciate the ease of starting the game but as I keep advancing it feels a little restricting. For example, the tactics for your party members can not be altered manually so in order to control them more specifically, I have to constantly pause the game."
,Recommended,325600,23879501,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,matthewdeacon,"Ignore the haters and whiners, this is a solid game.  Is it *exactly* what you *hoped* it might be in your diehard long-time tabletop D&D heart-of-hearts?  No.Is it a well-made, fun, party-based (and co-op friendly without being a shallow MMO!) game that carries a lot of the flavor of Baldur's Gate and Neverwinter Nights, in a slightly faster-paced, slightrly-less-in-depth, slightly more accessible form?  Yes.I've been playing D&D for over 30 years, so I'm not some kid who thinks that WoW and Diablo 3 are the epitome of cRPGs.  But I also know that those games are a lot of fun, when taken for what they are.  This is a pretty good one.  So far it's actually felt and played a lot more like a classic Bioware RPG than I was expecting, and a lot less like an rpg-lite hackathon along the lines of Diablo or Torchlihght, which is what I had expected it to be.  Decently fleshed out NPCs, a proper storyline, merchants to trade with, varied side quests, not-completely-linear environments to explore - take it for what it is, and it's a pleasant surprise with a lot of the feel of playing Baldur's gate for the first time.If you're a fan of the D&D setting and flavor, rather then obsessed with the mechanics (although those are still pretty true to the tabletop game here), and enjoy tactical party-based games with charcters that have their own personailties and chatter, exploring a map instead of just walking down a well-defined path, and having NPC conversations instead of just getting a single canned statement from every NPC you click on, give this one a try.  It's really pretty solid, and pretty much a steal at these prices,  It's not super-deep, it's not open-world, but it's a good middle ground, well-made, and fun, with a lot of personality."
,Not Recommended,325600,29386089,Posted: 20 January,all,ExileDane,"I bought this game, when it came out and was disappointed back then. Not because of the game itself, but the promsies that weren't kept about the tool set, etc. Nevermind. I put the game aside and that's where it stayed, while I was waiting for the promised updates that never came.If you consider buying this game, you need to take into account that the developer (N-Space) is out of business since mid last year already, only because of how they messed up this title. You will have no patches, no bug fixes, no updates or anything coming up. You get what you see."
76561198032411177,Recommended,325600,18628384,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Entropy,"It's a good game. Honestly, would I have preferred it to use the ""real"" 5th edition rules (from the tabletop version)? Yes.But for what is it, is is a fun game! I'd recommend to those who enjoy Diablo, Neverwinter Nights, and Dragon Age type games. It plays like a mix of these 3.The skill/ability/spell system is a tree based system that reminds me of Diable and DA. This keeps it simple when leveling (all you do is click a few points into some abilities on the tree). This system keeps spellcasting classes in line (they are no harder to manage & play) but some might prefer more complexity.Overall, recommended, unless you demand a 1:1 exact translation of the tabletop rules. (If so, check out Temple of Elemental Evil, which is fantastic!)"
76561197989271243,Not Recommended,325600,18603950,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,YurikoKinai,"I am torn about this game.The NPC banter is very reminescent to Baldur's Gate, the surroundings are crisp and it gives you a very nice tutorial if you are not familiar with CRPGs.But, it does not feel like D&D. As others said, the skills are hidden behind progression bars, casters can cast their spells without a limit... if this was meant to follow in the footsteps of other legendary D&D titles, it should have stayed true to the rules and system implementations. As it is, my caster just spams the best spells and waits until the cool down has worn off. No need to rely on the cantrips in order to save the big guns up for the next big encounter.Also, 5th E is a lot richer than what we have been given. Yes, it is understandable to go with the core classes and a foundation, but it diminishes the rich options which are already in the core handbook. As many others, I hope the DLCs are more than just ""you want race X and class y? Cough it up!"" or are actually free add-ons if they have nothing more to add.I think hoping for rule changes towards the true D&D system with spell slots and resting is too late, but you may never know... other games have tweaked their mechanics before... ah well.Still a decent game all in all, but I can't recommend it to folks who ask for a real D&D CRPG experience."
76561197970382594,Recommended,325600,18595171,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Skully,"*Updated* - see below the ""cons"" section.This is a review of my experiences of the SP campaign done solo. I do not care for the MP aspect. Plenty of other reviews for that.I do not feel that the negativity towards this game is warranted. I have played many RPGS over the years. I am no stranger to the D&D ruleset. Most complaints are centered around the fact that this is an ""adaptation"" of the ruleset of the 5th edition(IIRC) and that it doesnt feel 'D&D"" enough for their taste. That is just it. It boils down to taste. Once you can accept that this wont be the next great D&D RPG then I say that you will find an enjoyable RPG waiting to be played.The primary similarities that I could point you towards is that this game feels like the companion system of Dragon Age: Origins(the camp at night where you talk to your party members) mixed with Neverwinter Nights 1-2 exploration and adventuring(minus the constant resting to replenish abilities) mixed with a more colorful presentation of the world(I keep thinking of Divinity: Original Sin) mixed with storyline elements taken from Baldurs Gate(Not spoiling that for you).There are a LOT of similarities, but there is also a few differences. Let me boil them down to pros/consPros;+good story. I like what I am seeing so far. I see story elements from alot of different games that I have played in the past.+the sound is good and the music is pleasing to the ear.+I find the companions to be genuinely interesting and they are vibrant and alive. There is immersive dialogue that I frankly did not expect.+combat is fluid. I mean fluid. Doesnt actually feel clunky.+the graphics are pleasing to the eye. Nothing revolutionary, but well-done for what they set out to accomplish. The game looks better while you play it than compared to watching a video online.+character specialization is done with a ""talent tree"". You get skill points like you would in any D&D game and then you spend those on abilities. First to unlock it and then to ""upgrade"" it if you choose. You also get attribute points in traditional fashoin as you level up.It should be noted that this is a major contention with a lot of people, but it is really no different than what Pillars of Eternity did with their own ""feats"" system. Yes, it was more traditional, but everything from that game was their own ""adaptation"" of the abilities from D&D anyways. It depends on how you look at it. It works and if your one of those people who get really irked when something traditional is changed...then perhaps you might not like it...but then again...it might grow on you. It certainly did for me.I would also like to talk about ""difficulty"". I played on Normal for four hours. Everything was a real breeze. I hardly pressed spacebar to pause the action at all. I then tried Hard difficulty; that is where the real challenge is. I found myself constantly pressing the spacebar to micro-manage every ability usage to have my party members survive. Seriously, its like they went over hard difficulty to make sure you had a challenge with almost every encounter.Cons;+/-many people do not like adapations of traditional gameplay systems. I think this criticism is personal, but that is no reason to trash the game. For what it sets out to do; they did really well. Once you get used to the system...it works fluidly. Its a matter of taste, but I didnt hear alot of people complain about Pillars of Eternity's system that was clearly heavily inspired even more with D&D than this one was; the only difference is that this has ""Sword Coast"" in the name.+/-you can ""res"" your party members in the middle of combat an unlimited number of times by ""stabilizing"" them. That could go either way. It helps to keep the game going, but sometimes you cannot recover and sometimes you can. It does cut down on the reloading.-there is only one save slot per character. Seriously. That gripes the hell out of me. I have to make absolutely sure every descision I make is what I want before I eventually move on. I save before every quest turn in or every encounter with NPCs or character progression.-there should be more player classes. No monk, barbarian, sorceror, bard..etc.*Updated Cons/Pros?*-there doesnt appear to be any type of crafting system that I have seen so far. The loot in the game seems to be randomly generated. However, as you progress through the campaign...progressively more powerful equipment is dropped throughout the game. This would seem to take the place of crafting, in a way.+/-alot of the spellcasting abilities that wizards had in D&D has been shifted to scrolls that you pick up and/or buy from merchants. An example would be ""Cone of Cold"". The Wizard doesnt have this by default on the talent trees. It is a scroll. I never use them, but they are powerful.++the game contains a blacksmith that ""reforges"" items from broken pieces that you pick up so make sure to look everything. I actually really like this feature. The weapons are actually really good.That is about all that I can think of. I like the game and I think it people give it a chance then it will win them over. I would advice against getting so worked up over a ""non-traditional"" take on the D&D universe. There is only one game that truly made an effort to go ""by-the-book"" and that was ""Temple of Elemental Evil"". Go buy that one if that is what your looking for."
,Recommended,325600,23110428,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Halfæng,"I did not buy this game when it came out due to the colossal sea of negative reviews on steam.  I recently picked it up for 9 dollars so my friend and I could play together.It turns out I had made a serious mistake.The game itself has received decent reviews from critics but overwhelmingly negative reviews on medias like steam.  They seem to all stem from the same place; expecting this game to essentially be a 5th edition equivalent baulder's gate or neverwinter nights.  It did seem prior to release that it was being branded in a way that suggested that.  Although that is not the case, this is still a good game.  A good Dungeons and Dragons themed game.GAMEPLAYThe game itself plays with controls that anyone who has played either neverwinter nights or similar titles will be familiar with.  The rules are adapted from dnd 5th edition and are not identical.  Things like AC work almost exactly but are displayed a little differently. The biggest difference is leveling and abilities.  Leveling still occurs when a set exp is reached.  You then get the occasional attribute point (I.E. Str, Sta, Int) and also receive a set number of skill points.  The skill points are used to unlock abilities from various skill trees to customize your characters skills, spells, and play style.  Just like other rpg's that use skill trees. It works well.DND THEMEDThe game is not an exact copy/paste of dnd rules.  It is however still in the forgotten realms world even if all of the skills and abilities do not behave identically to the rule books.  It is still very well done and a bunch of fun to play with.THE VERDICTThis game is fun but not perfect.  Most games are not perfect.  I have enjoyed playing this game with my friends a great deal and the storyline and characters are definitely not bad.  The unfortunate truth is a ton of people expected this game to be something it wasnt and, despite being a good game in and of itself, could not look beyond their own preconceptions.  It is simply a shame a large group of petty peoples negative reviews bombed not only the game but the dev studio to death over something like that.  This game is at the very least an alright game.Hopefully the recent sale and expansion will bring some more popularity and help get some continued development for the game."
76561198013737558,Not Recommended,325600,18654642,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Jazza,"Its not really Dungeons & Dragons and more.. They have ruined it. Its a overly simplified and watered down version. Almost like a bad diablo clone. No skills, no feats.. No spells selection for wizards (its a skill tree). If you are buying this because you are a fan of the baulders gate or neverwinter nights games then I would strongly recommend against it. Playing with friends might be better if you could convince them to play but then the rumors of a DLC on release (probably a paid DLC) put me well and trully off this title.P.S. make sure you return this game before you clock 2 hours due to steams stupid returns policy."
76561198011794827,Not Recommended,325600,18683160,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Verseven,"So this is a game I was really looking forward to.  I am pretty disappointed in it and would not recommend buying it for most people.  What follows is a brief rundown of my complaints.1.  It claims to be based off of 5th edition DnD.  In reality it is much more like a simplified form of 4th edition DnD with a few minor inclusions from the new edition (mostly things with minimal mechanical effect).  You have skill trees for each class (also no multiclassing, and limited class selection).  What this means for those of you unfamiliar is that you have much more limited customization options.  You have ""Daily"" ""Encounter"" and ""At Will"" abilities separated by their cooldowns and very little in the way of meaningful customization options.2.  It plays sort of like a mix between an old MMO and Diablo but with more clunkyness and less meaninful customization.3.  The graphics take lots of processing power but don't look good, they are not stylized and abstract enough, or wowing and realiistic enough to work.  They seem really meh for how much processing they take.4.  I can't find a way to just save/reload.  For some games this can be a great feature (forcing you to look and think carefully before acting and rasing the stakes), but a lot of the quests in this one are counter intuitive or poorly explained and you can permanently mess them up by doing things that  seem perfectly reasonable.  A save/reload feature would at least make these instances less annoying and frustrating.5.  Final pet peeve.  I made a wizard as is my custom in these type of games.  First off wizard damage is kind of meh compared to other classes (which i don't really mind, I prefer battlefield control, but I like to choose it rather than be forced into it by the lack of good options to do anything else).  Second and MOST important you get a few wizard companions over the course of the game, they have the same basic skill selections as you in addition to having ADDITIONAL ones to make them special.  This means the NPCs are are essentially upgraded versions of the character you are allowed to make, this just really really rubs me the wrong way."
,Not Recommended,325600,18582585,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,spookacabra,"Vaguely interactive combat that's only vaguely DnD inspired. There is no multiclassing, 3 of the core DnD classes are missing (no monks, druids, or barbarians), and I think the only time I saw a d20 mentionned was the cute little DM wisp.Also, everything is cooldown instead of resource based. No having to care about your spells-per-day as a wizard or cleric.If you want a lite, stripped down version of Dragon Age Origins this might be for you but if you are coming looking for a DnD game do try to avoid this.EDIT: Also, no warlock class. I consider Warlock more of a supplemental class but still, no Warlock class. Sorcerer is baked into Wizard you could say.No Half-Orc race. Missing Gnomes. No playable Drow Elf even though you can select Underdark settings. Didn't see any metamagic for wizards or clerics. Sneak attack is a thing you have to buy into as a rogue instead of being their class mechanic.This just isn't DnD in anything except setting, it has upgrading spell and ability trees more like a modern RPG.Don't buy expecting anything more than a co-op RPG with Forgotten Realms aesthetic. It's not DnD.And to the people downvoting this review as unhelpful because you don't like that I don't like your game, sorry. Neverwinter Nights 2 was more of a DnD game than this and that game was awful."
,Recommended,325600,26281138,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Poppy McCabe,"This game makes me sad. All of the tools are here to be a fantastic online D&D experience. You can create your own modules, DM games for friends, play through random dungeon delves, and play the official modules produced by the studio. Except for one big problem. They shut down the public servers and nobody is buying the game. It's a total ghost town.The official modules are OK, but kind of generic. The promise of this game was all in the multiplayer, which is dead. This game could have been amazing. Like I said: sad.I'm going to recommend buying it anyway because I need someone to play with and this poor thing needs the positive reviews. Pick it up on sale. Let's cast Resurrect on it and bring it back to life."
,Not Recommended,325600,18622139,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Dinomancer,"Tentatively i do not recommend this game at this stage. After clocking over 50 hours during the head start weekends, most of that creating a single module...This game is not really what was advertised, beware!after head start 1 was over and done with devs said most of the content was still held back till releaseafter release pretty much nothing has changed.My thoughts are the devs got gang banged by marketing and this game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥child, several dozen tiny micro transactions later we will have the full game at an estimated cost of something in the high hundreds.Just listen to what those guys are saying on the 40 min gameplay preview that came out a while back, the one guy is trying to tell us the game will be awesome etc and was 'shhhed' by the other when he tried to mention the possibility of free dlc addons"
,Not Recommended,325600,18587146,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,KnockingTom,"The current DM tools are a joke.Quests are stuck within randomly generated dungeons.Currently you are UNABLE to arrange tile sets, you're stuck with whatever the computer craps out, dead ends for DAYS.Without any sort of custom loot edit options rewards are generic and forgettable. the grind is so real.Building things like a marketplace or an inn feels paper thin, everything revolved around a simple / basic dungeon crawl.I'd only get this if you've got cash to burn, enjoy sub par single player, and want to troll your friends in forgettable dungeon crawls.TLDR woefully unprepared for the games completely lack of any creative DM scenario"
76561197968413283,Not Recommended,325600,18662269,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,ShadowDragon8685,"The TL;DR version: If you want an ARPG, buy Diablo III or Torchlight II. If you want a D&D simulator, but The Temple of Elemental Evil. If you want something close to a D&D simulator that still lets you make modules and play with friends, buy the original Neverwinter Nights.Should you buy Sword Coast Legends if you want to DM online campaigns of D&D for your friends?No, the DM mode is an absolute farce of a randomly-generated dungeon crawl where you can't even assign specific items. It's a random dungeon crawl where you can slap some aesthetic customization on the monsters, that's it.Should you buy Sword Coast Legends if you want a D&D Rules-Heavy Rulebook-Faithful game?No. The game system in SCL is ""based on"" Dungeons & Dragons rules in the same way that D&D is ""based on"" the works of J.R.R. Tolkein.Should you buy Sword Coast Legends if you want a good Action RPG like Diablo?No. As an ARPG, Sword Coast Legends is very subpar, meh-tier, missing several vital quality-of-life improvements that ARPGs like Diablo and Torchlight have developed through over a decade of development. Buy Torchlight II or Diablo III.So, why should I buy Sword Coast Legends?One: A friend has already bought it and wants to share the misery, and you have the purchase price to spend that you won't later regret not having for something else.Two: If and ONLY IF you want a ""Decent"" tier D&D module set in a fairly good representation of the Sword Coast portion of the Forgotten Realms, with full voice acting of admittedly good quality, and are willing to grit your teeth and bull your way through barely-recognizably-based-on-familiar-rules skill trees and lackluster, weightless-feeling combat.So, Pros:1: It's a game you CAN play co-op with friends.2: Good voice acting.3: Good scenery and attention to setting lore.Cons:1: Only remotely based on D&D rules. Just enough to leave someone who actually loves D&D furious.2: DM mode is absolute crap and does not deliver on any of its promises.3: Gameplay is that of an Action RPG with very, very subpar mechanics."
76561197994394765,Not Recommended,325600,18583911,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Ahmadin,"Combat, UI, Voice Acting, Save mode, Lack of enemy library, limited DM mode and shallow characters in SP campaign tarnish a game that had a lot of potential.If you came here looking to build your own adventure from 0 (like it's advertised) go away. You're forced with pregenerated maps and just put stuff in there. They didn't even bother changing the maps from the SP campaign. So your left playing the same maps you did in SP, making the whole experience feel repetitive.The game can be fun if you're into ARPG with a couple of friends. But I can't give it a thumbs up due to all the advertisement around it and the huge legacy of brilliant games behind it."
,Not Recommended,325600,19196489,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Chairman Kaga,"TLDR version - If I were cynical I'd think they developed this not knowing steam refunds were coming, and that was part of their business plan. The D&D license holds a lot of weight.I might actually be cynical.I played this game.  And all it did was remind me that I want to play Neverwinter Nights.  So now I'm playing that.  I mean, it's not an enitrely awful game.  But with all the offerings out there and the fact that you can buy NWN on GoG for cheap I'd say your money is better used elsewhere.  I'll probably get around to beating the campaign at some point.  Probably.--------------------Whether I would recommend this game or not depends on a few things.Are you a fan of 3.5 or 5e rules?  If either or both don't expect them here.  Not even in the morphed form of games like NWN.Were you hoping for story and character development?  Move along.  This game is on par with a middle of the road tabletop game in terms of quality.  It's trope ridden and badly VAed.Baldur's Gate, Torment, or NWN this game is not.  If you're hoping for one of those experiences you won't get it.-------------------What it IS is an ok, emphasis on the meh, D&D flavored (in terms of atmosphere, setting, etc) game.  The setting is forgotten realms.  If you like that setting you might like this.  I never really have... I think it's one of the least interesting game settings there is.  Games that I love in the setting succeed in spite of it, not because of it.  The gods are flat and boring, the world is also flat and boring, and there's that schlocky ""Oh, you're an adventurer"" feel to it all as if adventurer was a real job.The combat system is a butchering of 5e, and if you HATED the move to cooldowns (daily/encounter) in 4e you will despise this.  It's WoW style hotkey based dungeon running with a worse camera and no mana.But it functions.  And it's not a competitive game so balance isn't QUITE so important as in other games.  There isn't PvP to speak of.  They have kind of limited talent trees, and some are nigh useless.  But they work ok, and you can make someone who throws fireballs or disables enemies, a few types of fighters, the trap springer, etc.  Just don't expect to be too different from the rogue or wizard next to you in multiplayer.  There are only a few useful builds per class.It's not bad.  But it's not particularly good either.  Both from the RPers perspective and the munchkins perspective I'd say it's 6/10."
,Recommended,325600,34363182,Posted: 19 August,all,hkennyrules101,"Pros:-Functional combat system-Functional plot-Enjoyable side characters-D&D5e system in video game form-DM mode made easyCons:-Potato characters-D&D5e on autopilot-Boring gameplay-Restrictive quest system-ForgettableOverall:I like this game.  I don't love this game.  It's passable.  If it were more expensive, I definitely wouldn't recommend it.  It is basically NWN made for 5e, with boring repetitive gameplay and less involved character planning.  If you enjoy hack and slash, you'll enjoy this.  The characters are fine.  The plot is fine.  It's just... fine.  Not great.  Not really even good.  Just... fine.Most games have some kind of character animation for events that are happening.  Not this, though.  Talking?  Your character is standing idly.  Screaming at each other?  Same animation.  Getting ambushed by the big bad and about to enter a massive fight?  Same animation.  You get three animations per character - idling, combat, and movement.  That's it.  This could have been easily mitigated by some variations in portraits, but even that stays the same.The combat follows 5e rules, but plays like Diablo.  Knowing the rules makes you better, but really, you can probably just pretend you're playing a MMO and click the buttons on the bottom when your cooldowns are up and you'll be ok.  It's a shame, because 5e has some of the most intricate battle systems and they translate so terribly into this game.  It tries to emulate the real time with pause aspect of Baldur's Gate, but unlike Baldur's Gate, nothing is ever clever enough to require pausing.So what's left?  The story, which is... fine.  The Dungeon Master mode, which... lets you make one of three types of quests.  Fetch, Kill, Rescue.  That's it.  Want a more involved plot than that?  Want to program in choices that affect things later?  Want to have reactive gameplay?  Too bad, you get those three types of quests.  The amount of lost potential here is staggering.The game could have been an electronic version of tabletop 5e, and rocked it.  But the end product feels lazy and lackluster.  And that makes me sad.  Because the game is fun.  It really is.  It just screams that it could have been so much more.  But if you buy it, you'll have fun.  I still am, and I'm going to at least finish the main storyline.  But all it really did was make me want to go play tabletop 5e so I can have a real campaign.Bottom Line:It's ok for 15 bucks.  And it goes on fairly regular sales."
,Not Recommended,325600,18663830,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Boom$t!ck,"Where do I begin...Being a fan of the Baldurs Gate and Neverwinter titles, I was very excited about this game! Unfortunately, this one does not live up to its name. The game itself isn't horrible and offers some entertainment value, however the story is bland and the game itself is grind-heavy. Although SCL does remind me of the older titles, there are a few major flaws and differences.1. Bugs. Everywhere. Seriously. Disappearing mouse, 100% GPU usage on a high end system, lack of optimization, choppy gameplay, clunky pathing, disappearing NPC's, etc...2. Odd hybrid 5th edition rules with cooldowns? The system does not appear to be true full-fledged 5th edition, and several of the dice rolls & mechanics behind your actions are hidden.3. Graphics. The game is not ugly, but it is also not beautiful. My concern with this game is that other, graphically similar games run smoothly with low hardware requirements, however this game runs pretty bad even on high end rigs. Also, something seems off with how it handles both AF and Shadows when it comes to GPU usage % and video memory. I have seen plenty talk on the forums about people getting massive framerate hits for no apparent reason, which I have experienced personally.4. Price. In it's current form, I would be more forgiving were it in beta. SCL does not feel complete. $39.99 USD for a buggy, incomplete game is no good.I would describe Sword Coast Legends to be more of a clunky cooldown-based Diablo clone. It is not well polished both graphically and in gameplay, thus I cannot give it a positive recommendation at this time. I would avoid this title until the above issues are fixed, or the price drops significantly. If you are looking for games similar to Baldurs Gate with modern gameplay mechanics, check out Pillars of Eternity or Divinity: Original Sin.- Boom$t!ck(All games reviewed are played on the following system)CPU: I7 3770K Quad OC @ 4.2GHZ + TurboMotherboard: MSI Z77A-G45Memory: 16GB DDR3 1600 (8x2) Crucial Ballistix Tactical MemoryHDD: Samsung 250GB SSD (OS/Games), WD 750GB 7200 RPM HDD (Storage)Video: ASUS STRIX R9 380 4GBMonitor: 27 inch Acer LED (K272HL) @ 1920 x 1080Mouse: SteelSeries Rival, Razer Naga 2014Keyboard: Razer Blackwidow Ultimate 2014/WARComm/ - War Gaming Community┏━━━┓┃┏━┓┃┃┃╋┗╋━┳━━┳━━┳┓┏┳┓╋┏┓┃┃┏━┫┏┫┏┓┃┏┓┃┗┛┃┃╋┃┃┃┗┻━┃┃┃┗┛┃┗┛┣┓┏┫┗━┛┃┏┓┗━━━┻┛┗━━┻━━┛┗┛┗━┓┏┛┗┛╋╋╋╋╋╋╋╋╋╋╋╋╋╋╋┏━┛┃╋╋╋╋╋╋╋╋╋╋╋╋╋╋╋┗━━┛"
,Not Recommended,325600,18618767,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,StormWeaver,"I will start this by stating that I did not play long, and I may not even show up as having any time in game since I refunded my purchase. I did not play the single player side of the game and did not mess with the editor for long and I will explain why...Primarily I purchased this game because I was hopeful they would release an updated and streamlined Neverwinter Nights. I loved the idea of a game designed around an open DM tool using the DnD (5.0) ruleset as was advertised. If this is what you are looking for your time and money is better spent somewhere else.This game is only DnD by setting and setting alone. Several classes such as Monk, Druid, Warlock and Sorcerer, almost all of which have been core to DnD since 3rd edition and older are gone. Several races such as Half-Orc, Gnome, and Tiefling are not among the playable options.The classes are nothing like DnD, so the concept that this is DnD or 5th edition at all is baffling since the game is built on an ability system which feels like Diablo more than anything else. If you are a Diablo or Torchlight fan, you might give a shrug of casual enjoyment at the gameplay.Wizards have lost several of their schools and historically famous spells to be replaced with new ones such as ""Frost"" and ""Flame"" along with others. Honestly, the game itself is unrecognizable as being related to 5th edition at all.The biggest and most distressing flaws come from my most anticipated feature, the DM tool. At the very least I figured I could make my own setting, some maps, characters, and whatever else I needed. However, the tools basically allow you to take their pre-made areas, restricted to the region of sword coast (since the map itself is locked) and decorate them with set-dressings. Monsters can't be given classes, only class related abilities in a strangely hodge-podge 'pick your combo' fashion.As a fan of pen and paper roleplaying and a lifelong DM, I came to play Sword Coast because I wanted to find a game that emulated that form of experience and gameplay and I have never seen a game so clearly miss its mark, while advertising itself as a full ""Dungeons and Dragons"" experience. If you are a DnD fan this game isn’t for you. If you want to beat up some DnD themed monsters in the setting of sword coast with a few friends, this might tide you over for a while but I don’t think it will be worth much else."
76561198022321085,Recommended,325600,34238162,Posted: 14 August,all,greggmcs,"I am late 40's gamer that started playing D&D back in 1980 with my friends so I've had quite a few years of both table top and gaming as a fantasy RPG gamer.   Sword Coast Legends is a great game.  I don't understand why so many mixed reviews but the game I am playing today in 2017 is a fantastic game.   The stand alone campaign is excellent, it has decent graphics, excellent combat system, and it's a lot of fun to play.  When I first started playing last year I found a few bugs but those have long since been corrected.  There are now hundreds of player created modules you can download and play by yourself or with friends.  Many of them are very detailed and enjoyable.  There is enough to keep a person busy and happy for years and years.  I highly recommend this game.  It's a great game and a lot of fun."
76561198010990221,Recommended,325600,18650913,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,ForestTraveler,"I'm not going to go into a lot of detail, other people have written long reviews going deeper into the games features. Instead, I'll just give you my summarized opinion: If you're looking for Neverwinter Nights 3 or strict adherence to the D&D 5ed rules then you're going to be disappointed.However, if you wouldn't mind a simple action RPG with D&D flavoring, entertaining characters/story, and some nice options to play online with friends then you might want to check this out."
76561198068065140,Recommended,325600,23091014,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Mordeth Kai,"As long as you're not expecting the next Baldurs Gate or Neverwinters Night or something true to D&D rules, it's not a bad game. Most of the hate the game receives is the result of marketing the game as something it wasn't, and should serve as a lesson not just on advertising but also against pre-ordering and day 1 purchasing.As long as you aren't expecting D&D its a decent game. Hard not to play it without thinking it could have been so much better if they used D&D rules though.Edit: Its more Dragon Age Origins than it is D&D, it's better to think of it as a DA spinoff."
76561198037070565,Not Recommended,325600,32333963,Posted: 10 June,all,Nirab Xoc,"Tried but just couldn't do it.I'm a big fan of the Forgotten Realms but the lack of Charater options, the ability tree (really?) is not D&D, and the controls killed it for me. Not being able to move the camera around easily with the mouse just made it that I couldn't get into the game...1/10 fails on every aspect of videogaming."
76561198142811726,Not Recommended,325600,31828538,Posted: 18 May,all,evilsquirrelrat,"Am a huge DnD nerd and would have known love and experienced life at a much younger age had I not dicovered the Baldurs Gate franchise...point is wtf you guys...the third party bs has to stop. Why cant we simply pay for a game and friggin play it anymore!? Besides that i mean...its been 10 years since an rpg from you all, why the hell is it so mediocre. DO NOT BUY"
,Not Recommended,325600,31944501,Posted: 24 May,all,Chuck,"For a game with so much focus on multiplayer/coop the net code is buggy garbage.  The graphics are nothing special, the voice acting is low-rent, and the campaign is unimaginative and bland.  Add to all that major classes and races missing and I'm left wondering what could have been.  Great idea poorly executed."
76561198062705389,Recommended,325600,30967088,Posted: 5 April,all,Coure,"This game, whilst no Baldur's Gate, does not deserve reviews as bad as it has received."
76561198037324514,Recommended,325600,19827345,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Kehallos,"Recommended... but with MASSIVE caveats! There is a lot to love here, but there are also some utterly embarrassing failings, so read on for a sense of what is wrong here, so you can work out if the game's right or wrong for you....Many of the game's failings come out when you play with the mission editor, so lets focus on this first. When you play with the editor, you will discover:* There is no opportunity for branching dialogue or genuine decision making. The developer has put some simple decisions into the scripted campaign, but it isn't in the editor.* The developers seemed to think that the placement of items in the world is entirely cosmetic - many items can simply be run or fired straight through (such as those four meter high, meter thick stone pillars - they look very solid, but aren't!) as if tactics - meaning how the characters move, where they stand, etc. - were unimportant in a game like this! The developers are keen for players to focus on how skills are deployed - but not how characters are deployed.* There are no AI options, nor patrol paths, nor tactically interesting features to be added - the AI is moronic, and it is impossible to set up defensible positions for the PCs to assault (first, because it is impossible to set areas that can be fired over but not moved through, and second because the AI is so simplistic). If that sounds like I'm asking for a lot, keep in mind that those were the basis of my mission building way back in the days of Tenchu 2; when one user suggested fireable-through barriers (in a conversation on the game's forum) the community manager responded enthusiastically that that sounded like a really good idea, as if he had never heard it before. Sorry, but if the basic ability to set tactical challenges - which was around on a console game 15 years ago - sounds like a new idea to a modern PC developer, that's just embarrassing.* There is no ability to end or trigger quests by killing characters, no ability to open/close quests or provide rewards or challenges based on skills known nor character alignment etc., no ability to remove characters from scenes nor change friendly/hostile designations based on characters' actions.... Further, environmental interactions are suspended during combat, thus removing the possibility of encounters which mix combat with other activities.A really flexible mission builder would allow me to say ""OK, so I'll set a challenge for the players... I might let them solve it through conversation, via a conversation tree... I might let them solve it by employing an in-character skill... I might let them solve it by stealth... I might let them solve it by tactical combat... I might let them solve it through full-frontal combat... or I might build the mission so that there are several ways through, and let the players choose."" But here? Nope. No choice for the players, nor for the mission builder - it's full-frontal combat or nothing.Basically, it's all about the fighting - and the fighting is all about stacking and ordering powerups, watching cool-down times, etc.Other issues that don't come out in the mission editor:* When the first thing you read in the game description is that the game is ""Set in the lush and vibrant world of the Forgotten Realms"" you should expect bland, boring fantasy. If setting a game in the most middle-of-the-road stock fantasy setting imaginable is a plus point, then you know these guys aren't going to be pushing for any sort of real innovation in the story, setting or gameplay.* A lot of people have complained bitterly that this game is an adaptation of, not an implementation of, the D&D rules.  Personally I'm not bothered, but YMMV.Now... having said that...I got this game at the start of a free weekend. I spent every waking hour playing it for two days, and then bought it. So, there must be some great stuff here - because I was hooked, despite the utterly dreadful caveats above. So, here is some good stuff:* Single player with NPCs works really well, and I loved the ability to toggle time on and off (reminded me of the classic Baldurs Gate and sequels from the '90s). Basically, this core mechanic - giving orders to a party in real-time-with-pauses - works really well.* The ""live DM"" feature is interesting. I wouldn't use it, but hey, it's great to see developers trying something new, whether or not I personally like the idea.* The setting is bland, but the campaign has a nice feel to it - as stock fantasy goes, this is pretty good!* The mission editor may be embarrassingly limited, but it's also really, really easy to get into. Seriously, top marks for accessibility. (The only not completely accessible aspect of the whole game is that the tutorial is in the story, so online I've encountered a lot of people who have no idea what they're doing because they couldn't find a tutorial. Fix that problem, and you've got an amazingly easy-to-get-into game, both for players and would-be-mission-editors.)* The skill trees are fun and characters seem to develop very differently - there is plenty to explore in the character builds.* What I call ""bland"" may just be what people want. Maybe people don't want tactical combat, narrative decision making, or unusual fantasy worlds; maybe they just want dungeon-crawls that let them pummel well-known enemy types. (I got that realization last night: I had built a module which, as far as the mission editor's limitations would permit, was stealth/puzzle based; I played it over and over with different groups of players - one set loved it and really got into it; one set decided to bulldoze through the mission in a way I hadn't anticipated, and it was wonderful watching their skill in action; but every single other group got confused and bored, and so abandoned, usually with a note in chat that they were going to go find a dungeon bash.)So, what it does it does very well. Personally I would like it to do a lot more - but I may be unusually demanding, and it will depend on the individual player whether or not the limitations above are actually critical."
76561198006449809,Recommended,325600,18723199,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Kevin Sorbo,"Man, honestly, I have LOVED playing this game. It fills me with the same feelings of adventure and grand storytelling that I had when playing the Baldur's Gate's and Neverwinter Nights as a kid/awry teen. The gameplay kind of feels like a mix between those two games I mentioned and also BG Dark Alliance and Diablo - if that makes sense.Now as far as the combat goes, I really don’t know where some of these negative reviews are coming from. Bump the difficulty up to hard and believe me – it’s INTENSE. I am constantly pausing my game, figuring out if I have a potion or scroll that will help me with the battle, repositioning my troops, and hoping to high Helm that the enemy doesn’t reach my back line.  In my opinion, the combat is very similar to style of Baldur’s Gate (more so than Neverwinter Nights) and that is not a bad thing at all.Furthermore, while I am a HUGE Forgotten Realms fan, I was never a desktop player. So frankly, I enjoy the simplicity of cooldowns and skill trees (call me crazy, but I actually kinda like not having to camp out overnight or resting after every engagement). If they literally translated everything from the desktop game, it would be a mess. So again, I think it’s right on for this kind of game.While I have not dabbled into the multiplayer much, I can tell you the story mode is superb. Now, I LOVE the Forgotten Realms, and I can see how it would be difficult getting sucked in if you’re not a fan. However, I believe this game was designed as homage to Baldur's Gate and Neverwinter Nights, and I imagine many Realms/DnD fans are playing it. They have such a keen knowledge of Realms lore  and really put it to use in the story mode. Also, graphics are really nice (they won't blow you away, but I am certainly diggin' it). Oh and before I forget, I have actually read several reviews of people complaining about the voice acting – REALLY? You think THIS is bad? It seems great to me. The dwarves sound exactly what you would think a dwarf would sound like, Bellamy sounds exactly what I would expect a halfling to sound like. It’s seriously some of the best voice acting I’ve heard in a long time.And one more thing: Helm, God of Guardians, and the BEST God in the Realms is BACK and I couldn’t be more thrilled. Realms fans know, the D&D fourth edition killed off so many things we loved about the Realms, and now everything seems is back to where it should be. So after WoTC massacred my favorite god and then brought him back, n-Space promptly threw him back into the forefront with this game where belongs as one of the most iconic figures in the Realms – and I can’t get enough. Though, naturally, I would prefer to see his followers behaving a little more humanitarian-like – but that’s the beauty of Helm, he's not one-dimensional like some of the other goodly/paladin gods out there (*cough Torm, *cough Tyr) and can also be used by antiheroes and torn, complicated villains. So, again, thanks for making great use of the lore and making fans like me very satisfied.So basically, if you like the Forgotten Realms, grand storytelling, fun game play, great graphics, and partaking in an epic adventure - you will love this game. Man, I just find it gripping, and as I continue to delve deeper into the story, my appetite to find out what’s going on only grows more and more. Please keep the sequels and official campaigns coming and watch your head as I throw my money at you!"
,Not Recommended,325600,25667560,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,PyroGamer23,"I remember when this game was announced and in development. I was so excited the way that they explained how you could play the game in DM mode and basically create scenarios for people to dungeon crawl through and make it easy or challenging, and then how you could control bosses and fight against adventurers. That alone was a big reason why I bought this game.Then I tried to ACTUALLY PLAY a DM game. And NOBODY plays DM games.The online play is dead. Even if you DO manage to somehow find a game, if you're a fresh character you're not going to have much luck joining a game at your level, they'll always be at LEAST 4 levels ahead of you.Granted, the offline solo campaign is decent, save for a few somewhat challenging parts. But for me alone, I bought this for the multiplayer aspect, which was a big point they were advertising. And there IS no multiplayer."
,Recommended,325600,18940485,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Grimlock,"This is not D&D, but if you can accept that, I recommend it. The music is great, the combat is fun, and the graphics are good enough. The camera angles take some getting used to."
76561198035450493,Recommended,325600,18970124,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,JII,"Well Now that I have beaten this game, I can honestly say the pros and cons of it.Pro #1: It's got a gorgeaous soundtrack and voice acting. It has a decent atmosphere to it and it seems like the content creators for it focused on using beautiful grounds.Con #1: it's tiny. The game is literally a polished piece of 25-50 hour game play and your done. It's really easy. Too easy. I think I died like 5 times in the entire time. Bosses took one shot to defeat, I only ever died against rooms that looked empty before I realized how to remove curses.Final Thoughts: It's not better than pools of Radience, its no skyrim, and its no Baldurs Gate. But its OK. 6/10.So I read the reviews and still bought this game. I can't believe the amount of complaining people have with this game. It's gorgeaous, albeit the difficulty is slightly too easy. Do you have to pause in the fighting most of the time no, but as long as you manage your team efficiently it plays like a gorgeaous movie.I haven't played the DM mode but I hope they keep expanding this and I hope they up the level of difficulty as this game has all the bones to make it great."
76561198118452027,Not Recommended,325600,18593083,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Zigurun,"This game was a big letdown. It feels like playing Diablo-lite on Playstation 2. The camera was so frustrating I couldn't stand it. Why can't I just pan the camera by moving to the edge of the screen like every other game? It must be designed for a console controller.Very little depth to the ""RPG"" side of this game. I didn't get the DnD feel at all. The combat is largely click-and-wait and the abilities are lackluster.If you want a really fun RPG, buy Divinity: Original Sin instead."
76561198045531176,Not Recommended,325600,34771057,Posted: 6 September,all,Nife Kninja,"Sword Coast Legends is a fun game. So why the 'not recommended' ?This game says that it uses D&D 5e rules to difine its gameplay, however, I beg to differ. there is an incredibly limited number of playable races and classes, even after the first (and likely only) expansion (which added one race and one class). Many of the flavor blerbs and tool tips mention classes that are canon to D&D, but not present in the game (such as Bard, Barbarian, Monk and Druid)There is no class balancing to speak of (wizards are borderline unplayable until at least level 7 (mine was level 6 when I deleted him)There are a number of abilities which span multiple classes (Grappling Hooks as a weapon are not a thing in D&D unless created by the player at the table, but are a thing for the Cleric, Ranger, Fighter, Paladin and Rogue, which leaves only 2 classes out)Clerics are better at everything that makes a paladin a paladin, except that they dont get Medium Armor and slightly limited weapon selection, meanwhileEvery class in the game shares one tree of ""basic skill proficiencies"" which can be purchased at level up at the cost of not buying abilities for your class. While I understand this choice (because there is something cool about casting magic spells as a wizard in full plate armor) they all feel VERY samey, and none of them really stand out as being particularly interesting.The Warlock in particular seems poorly designedAbility scaling is TERRIBLE!VERY often it is WAY more efficient to purchase a single rank in a spell/ability than to max it out because of how the scaling works. EX: spells often deal 11-24 damage for first rank, 12-28 damage for 2nd rank, 15-30 damage for 3rd rank, and 16-36 damage for the final rank. consider that enemies have much, much more HP than 1) they should and 2) feels appropriate, your character is doing substandard damage from the get-go, and continues to, meanwhile enemy damage gets much, much harder to deal with.NUMEROUS bugs that somebody should have seen.there are a few classes with passive abilities which, after purchasing the first rank and then clicking on each successive rank, grants the benefits of the unpurchased ranks. this is only good because the Warlock (whose Familiar via Pact of the Chain has this bug) is otherwise an incredibly weak combatant. my 6th level Warlock is running around with 44Armor Class (he never gets hit and, by rights should have less than half of that)in Tabletop, without spells, the highest Armor Class (the number which determines how easy/hard you are to hit) a Fighter (who can use the heaviest armor in game plus a shield) can achieve without magical items is 21. that means that the enemy has to have a combined total of 21 or more after relevant bonuses. generally that means that almost any enemy in game can only hit you, at best, on a 17-20 on a 20-sided die (20% of the time)considering that the PC game is supposed to be using the same rules, having a 44ac means that there is a zero percent chance of ever being hit by anything which makes an attack roll, outside of receiving a Critical hit (which does extra damage and has a 5% chance of happening, ever).this game looks alright (but not great) and sounds alright (but not great)I paid 15 bucks for it, so, i have definitely gotten my money's worth. it is fine, and interesting for a while, but Dungeons and Dragons it is not, save in name only"
,Recommended,325600,20965088,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,BasiukTV,"Three important things about SCL:1. At the time of this writing, game is still in the making. Dev team is small but it looks like you can expect 2-3 major updates (community packs) and/or DLCs per year for near future. So, once again Steam does bad job keeping reviews up to date, discarding them would be a safe thing to do ... including this one I guess :)2. Whatever your image for ideal D&D game, SCL is not it. Just get over it, and you will be able to enjoy SCL for what it is. Game is strongly inspired by D&D 5th edition in its contents (monsters, spells & abilities, races, classes, etc.), but its mechanics are very different from what you'd expect from playing paper D&D or other D&D video games.3. Single player campaign can become rather simple even on highest difficulty level. If you start stacking buffs with good synergy, your party will become impenetrable sometime around level 7-8. So, feel free to experiment with builds which appear to be more fun/cool rather than efficient.Keeping above in mind, game is rather good. Few things stand out. Voice acting is amazing, bosses are pretty damn impressive, map tile sets are very well worked on. Other aspects of the game more on average side and/or of expected quaility, with few bugs & annoying things here and there.SCL will probably not become anyone's favorite D&D video game, given amount of resourses available to the devs, but it's definitely worth your time & money."
76561198030836970,Recommended,325600,31141418,Posted: 14 April,all,Gloomseeker,"I can only recommend this game to people who know what to expect and can enjoy what this game has to offer which in other words means that it is certainly not for everyone.I've finished the main campaign after 50 hours spent in game. It's certainly not a terrible game but it's definitely not one for the ages.Playing on hard it was only difficult at lower levels, I finished the game by just auto attacking and using some ability or potion when I could be bothered. That's not exactly interesting or rewarding when you take down the last boss by just hacking at it with two swords...The story has very little to offer for a second run which is a pity. There are some choices but they don't seem to have very deep ramifications (worst case scenario you lose out on a joinable NPC). It was competent though and I really liked some of the NPCs (they were the highlight of the game).The plot had some twists, some I saw coming and others that took me by surprise (which is always nice) but the fighting grew a bit boring by the end (even on hard, if I had been playing on normal I would most certainly have fallen asleep in front of my computer).I hit a few bugs that prevented me from completing some quests. I was able to reload and finish one but I hit a snag on a companion quest at the very end and I couldn't finish it.It took me 4 hours to finish the free DLC campaign as expected. It had a few interesting things (one quest in particular was about some investigation and presented an interesting choice, the rest was the ordinary hack and slash stuff) but didn't translate into anything particularly memorable in the end."
,Not Recommended,325600,18649495,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,arbitr,"Bad thing: I've started this game right after finishing Witcher:HoS - you can't compare SWL with Witcher:HoS. REALLY bad thing: you can't compare SWL even with Pillars or Original Sin.1. Game has bugs in quests. If you do quests not EXACTLY how they meant to be done - they break. I have a quest which would never be finished - because I've found dead traveler before I got actual quest to find dead traveler.2. Camera use is terrible. You can't pan screen by using mouse - must use keyboard to move camera. You can't make camera to focus on hero - must use keyboard. However, to ROTATE camera, you must use mouse, not keyboard. Logic ? Never heard such word.3. Formations ? Put paladin in front and spellcaster on back ? Not in this game.4. There is no way to manage companions, their inventory, stats, spells, etc - only ones on quest. Want to trade item between two companions - must gather both of them in same instance.5. There is no rest. Lost HP in battle ? Use potions or spells.6. No way to make companions do something, say - use potion when health is under 25%. Best thing you can get - game will pause.Final. Regarding whole game. Game is not THAT bad. However, it is not interesting enough, to make you ignore all those problems."
,Not Recommended,325600,18578655,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Belial,"This is nowhere close to Dragon Age or any other classic RPG as the game claims to be.The story is straighforward and unoriginal, dialogue is poor and role-play is non-existant. Remember how you got introduced NPC's and got to know and love them? Well, forget about it. SW:L forces entire groups of 3-4 squadmates on you, with no background to them. Quest spawn randomly, as if developers had some sort of poorly written ""guide to making an RPG"" somewhere around, which states every other NPC should have lost something in the nearby woods. All that, while you are, like many times before, under atack by ""unknown forces"" with little hint on whats going on. Why cant an RPG actually make sense once in a while and have a logical conflict, instead of mysterious end-of-days prophecies forced on unwilling and unaware PC? Probably b/c game doest have much to offer in terms of lore and has to cover up by adding ""mystery"".Now my critisism above stems from single-player and I noticed other users praise game for multiplayer and DM possibilities it presents. While I havent tried it yet I cannot quite understand what this is all about, since couple of better games in the past offered that kind of experience, namely both parts of neverwinter nights seems like a much better adaptation of D&D rules.Stack a terrible graphics and annoying voice acting on top of that (I got instantly bothered with my character responding with a line to every click i make) and you end up with a game that is definitely hard to reccomend even if it didnt come at such a high price.Pros:- D&D 5 ed rules (though overshadowed by terrible adaptaion)- FR setting brings a hint of nostalgia- Lenthy campaign (although given the quality - might be more of a con, really)- Difficult (On higher setting the game requires to actually switch between group members and use abilities to win most battles)- Multiplayer options offer semi-unique experienceCons:- Poor graphics- Annoying voice acting- Outdated UI- No roleplaing options- Poor lore- Poor dialogue- Main story feels like a mix of cliches from various other RPG's- Heavily overpriced (probably trying to take advantage of D&D fans)"
76561198257047485,Recommended,325600,22566935,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,LivingInExile,"Love D&D and love this game. Keep in mind that they are two different games. I don't really understand all the bad reviews. People keep waiting for a real D&D game that gives them the same feel as the tabletop. IT""S NOT GOING TO HAPPEN. If you are looking for a true D&D expereince then all I can tell you is to go grab a bag of dice, some friends, a good DM and a players handbook. Anything before 4.0 and enjoy.Hope that helps and thank you SCL for being awesome."
76561198001081610,Recommended,325600,22620976,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,rigatorigato,"I dont know why people so many thumbs down.  In my case I really enjoyed the game, and thought the story was good and the characters interesting.  Its plenty long has has endless amounts you can do even when the game ends.  Only down side is that you cant kill npcs as you wish in story mode, and some quests do funnel you into one choice.   These are minor gripes.  Also, I wish I could save the game in a different slot instead of being restricted to just one slot."
,Not Recommended,325600,24051626,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Lolozaur,"Mediocre at best, lacking many features you would expect to be in a rpg - as a DnD, its awful. No tactics, no info on mobs, few options regarding party and clunky control of it, and the list can go on; plus it has terrible loading times, only one save slot making it impossible to retry things different way and poorly optimized as well, fps going down in areas without reason. Another VERY annoying thing, it requires like 30 clicks in the menu to actually load the ♥♥♥♥ing game.Story might seem interesting, voiceacting is good and atmospheric, and thats pretty much it."
,Recommended,325600,21052258,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,sieg_alexander,"IntroductionHi, this is the first review I've ever done for one of the over 50+ games I have on Steam in theyearsthat I have used Steam! That's a big deal because... the only reason I'm reviewing, is because this game has so many negative reviews. So, in honor of the great time (in such a short time) that I have had with this game, I am going to take some time to explain why you should buy it, whether it's on sale or not. Also, I realize that the game I've played is very different from the game on release, but if that's the case, people should have changed their reviews by now to reflect that (aside from the people who just wanted a BG or NW follow-up or whatever, which we'll talk about).GraphicsA lot of the negative reviews used words along the lines of, ""It'sokayfor a game that was made in 2015"" or ""this game looks horrible for 2015"". I'm not sure what the obsession is with mentioning the release year. Maybe they think that that makes them more convincing. It does not. When compared to the other games in this genre that I have on my Steam list, Sword Coast Legends has the best graphics by far. That's not an opinion, that's a fact, and I would know because I'm a graphics wh- that is in love with AA, ENB, max resolution, etc. I also literally just got done playing PoE and I've played BG and Div. before, both of which are graphically inferior. It's just that simple.AudioI don't give much credence to the music of a game, but I recognize it's power. I still hum tracks from the original Final Fantasy Tactics (PS1) in my head. I also blast the Bloodborne soundtrack in my car sometimes. I don't think Sword Coast Legends' soundtrack rises to the amazing work of the composers in either of those two examples, but the music in this title, dare I say it, is rather inconsequential. It may have improved my experience had it been better/more present, but the way it is never hurt my enjoyment of the game, and therefore, I'm not really unhappy about it. Aside from music, the VOICE acting in SCL is some of the best voice acting I've heard in a while. Some of these games are just text. I realize that a lot of the older crowd grew up with text andzerovoice acting in their games. I don't really give a flying f-. The voice acting vastly improves the game in my opinion. I didn't like all of the characters the same, but I connected with ALL of them because of it. It is amazing how much that can mean to immersion and to a player experiencing a game.GameplayI have to say, a lot of the games previously mentioned gave me some frustrating moments in gameplay, and not from battle difficulty, but interface, layout, etc. It was less so with either of the Div. games, but the others share their problems. I did not have any major problems with the gameplay in Sword Coast Legends. I do believe at times that the enemies are a bit too ""spongey"" and really don't need to be. A prime example is a standard skeleton you meet earlier on in the game. However, it's not really frustrating, and the only effect is extending the length of battles. It is possible I could be frustrated by that in time, but I doubt it, since my characters will continue to get stronger and acquire better gear. Another thing that may frustrate some individuals is the delay on moving an item off of the toolbar or ranging difficulty of quests (in the investigative/puzzle) department. The toolbar delay is to prevent players from accidentally pulling things off. Get over it. Investigation/puzzles are not my favorite part of the game, and sometimes when you don't know where to go it's odd that there isn't a modern map marker like a lot of RPGs have (sometimes you have to physically find it). I realize that's more realistic though, which is why I don't hold it against SCL, I'm merely saying I understand the criticism.The general rule that I have is if it takes longer than five minutes of pausing, looking around, or reading, I probably should just ""internet the answer"" because any longer than  five minutes and you've already broken character/immersion anyway.StoryDoes it reinvent the wheel? No, the world is the world of D&D (well... one of them :D). The thing is that it doesn't need to have an original world or all of the races or all of the classes or all of the gear. It has a fairly unique story that the player is immediately drawn into. From the moment I started the game I was engrossed in that story and I can't say that about all of the games mentioned previously. In fact, for the beginning of PoE I literally didn't care. Most of the time I was saying, ""okay... okay... okay,"" instead of excitedly saying, ""oh my gosh this is the same place we saw earlier!"" <- People who've played will understand this. The story was a good story, and a story I'd happily play again.The campaign itself is fairly ""linear"", but I don't really like that word because it implies that there are not sidequests. There are a lot of sidequests to be done and some are better than others. My guess is that if people aren't completing most of the sidequests, they aren't getting a lot of the exp. they need for subsequent level-ups. That may address the too-spongey argument, but I'll have to wait until I hop back on. I may have completed every sidequest so far, which would make that moot. Whatever, it doesn't matter. The point is, that this game has a good story. I would even go so far as to say a great story.AccessibilityI don't think people would normally review the accessibility of a game, but I'm going to because that is another problem that I had with some of the games mentioned. A lot of people have also negatively compared the DM design system to another game. From what I can say, as ""limited"" as people have made SCL's DM system sound, they are again, being self-entitled about it. The DM system in this game provides a lot of options to create an adventure. It may not have given them ALL the options they wanted, but as I understand it, the devs have been working on that since Day One. At the time of writing this review, twofreecommunity packs have gone out. Don't get me wrong, I think that more and more game developers need to start doing this (and cutting bs DLC money grab tactics) but that was still very responsible of Sword Coast. It's one thing to make a game that hyped diehard fans are unhappy with and then say, ""well, we're sorry to hear that."" It's quite another to crank out changes and alterations to the game to suit the player's wants and needs. I say, bravo. In fact, it's accessible enough that I bought a second copy for my fiance'. That should say something.ConclusionI am confounded by the amount of people that have given this game a negative review. I was so confounded that I waited to buy this game until it was on sale. That was a mistake. This game deserves more than that and it was clearly a work of love. It is clear to me now that a lot of the people that were hyped about this game thought it would be something it's not. That is the worst kind of self-entitlement. I took time to research what exactly the developers said before the release and the truth is that they didn't lie or misrepresent the game in any way. It is disappointing that so many people would hold that against them when it's just not true, but I digress. That is the world we live in.Finally, I apologize if this review was too long, but you have to understand, I saw the reviews and threw this game on the wishlist to buy on a rainyday. I am sad that I missed out on time I could have spent playing this game. I have only seen the surface of SCL so far and I have enjoyed every minute of it.EDIT:When discussing story, I covered the story that I have seen so far. I don't expect a ME3 ending so I'm pretty sure I will be pleased when I complete it. I will be updating my review at that point to reflect any changes. Thanks!"
,Recommended,325600,29011513,Posted: 4 January,all,HappyZavulon,"Bought it despite some of the negative reviews and I am really glad that I did.The core of the complaints seem to come from people who wanted a 1 to 1 D&D experience gameplay wise, meanwhile the game ended up being ""based"" on D&D. The names of the spells, items and locations are instantly recognizable, but it plays more like Torchlight 2 or Grim Dawn in comparison to say Neverwinter Nights 2. There is no resting and spells replenish over time rather than once a day.To some that's a bad thing, to others it just means that the game is quicker in terms of combat. I personally enjoy it quite a bit.As far as the story goes I am 7 hours in and it seems rather interesting so far. Mysteries are brewing, the companions are unique, fully voiced and the dialogue is pretty decent.So yeah, if you treat this as D&D Lite - you will most likely enjoy it.People are also mentioning bugs, but I'll be honest, I haven't seen anything major yet and I will update this post if something happens. The only complaint I have so far is one of the companions can randomly stop sometimes and you have to click him again to keep him going.Performance is also good but I am running a somewhat beefy rig (Fury X, an older i5, 8GB RAM) so your mileage may warry."
76561198219252575,Recommended,325600,21156606,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,drwargame,"I played PnP AD&D back in the 80's, and only got interested in cRPGs in the past couple of years, playing BGEE 1&2, Icewind  Dale, etc. I love this game. There are a lot of complaints about the lack of tools for creating sophisticated campaigns - such as branching dialogs -  and I agree with those. But it's fun to find creative ways of developing depth, and I'm optimistic those features will be added. The storyline is terrific. All-in-all, I think it shows great promise and I'm digging-in."
76561197970533201,Recommended,325600,29930582,Posted: 14 February,all,mythmaker,"I wasn't sure what to expect with so many negative reviews - but I played it anyway - and I absolutely LOVED it. Anyone who doesn't like this game must have went in expecting something else. Thankfully, I came in with an open mind and was pleasantly suprised by the well crafted game I found. No - it's not as deep and complex as BALDUR'S GATE - but in many ways it's the spiritual successor to NEVERWINTER NIGHTS in every good way. Combat is fast and simple - but this game isn't about complex tactical combat. What makes SCL shine is that it has fleshed out characters - characters with deep stories, interesting back histories and engaging personalities, and I genuinely grew to know and love them as the game progressed. I  also loved the nostalgic return to the lived in - familiar & classic Forgotten Realms setting and appreciated all the well-crafted plots and subplots, quests and subquests. This RPG looks stunningly beautiful, is very well written and the voice acting is top-notch - especially Larethar Gulgin whom I think is probably my favorite dwarf character of all time.  A big thumbs up for this game. It's not as complex and rich and detailed as BALDUR'S GATE - but it's a still a finely written and realized Forgotten Realms RPG in the classic vein of NEVERWINTER NIGHTS."
76561198250166514,Recommended,325600,24319763,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,carstenhobuggis,"I really enjoyed this game, It was a great Baldurs Gate fix despite the differences. I bought it for a few freinds and have been co-oping the campain, no bugs, no scaling problems (in fact I started a solo-play rouge, wich is ♥♥♥♥ing awsome to play).The recent expansion campain looks great (not there yet though) and I recon I'm gonna get around 100+ hours here. Pretty rare fore me!"
,Recommended,325600,18593856,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Vyrx,"If you want a game with the Forgotten Realms setting, buy it.If you want a game with the DnD Ruleset, do not buy it.What can I say?  It's fun.  I'm not that far into the game and I already like the characters and the portrayals by the voice actors.Sure, it might be fair to call it an RPG-lite, but then you'll have to call almost everything that isn't Baldur's Gate/Icewind Dale/PoE an RPG-lite."
76561197972322055,Recommended,325600,23184031,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,rstamp,Having so much fun with this. I'm about 20 hrs in and having a blast. Ignore the negative reviews on this title if you are a fan of the genre. Picked this up on sale for $10. What a steal!
76561197995557971,Recommended,325600,20255399,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,s1rrah,"These comments are made strictly regarding the single player, story mode gameplay. This is the only reason I bought the game although I will most likely explore the other options later (DM mode, online, creation, etc.)...I'm only at level 3 with my party but I'm *totally* digging this game.Being no stranger to cRPG's and RPG's in general (going back 25 years or more), I really can't understand the negative comments I've read regarding Sword Coast Legends other than persons being so obsessed with the play styles and designs of the RPG's they've obsessed on in the past that they simply can't suspend that obsession adequately or long enough to enjoy something that plays/feels/looks a bit different.I played all the Ultima games, all the Baldars games, the early Fallout games, the Bethesda games (Morrowind, Oblivion, etc.), all the Dragon Age games ... the latest and very fun games like Pillars of Eternity (which I really love) ... and I'm having just as much fun with Sword Coast as I have with any of those former games .. perhaps more, even as it's one of the first RPG's in a while that I've really become quickly immersed in ... even more than Pillars, which I've already said I love.  I find Pillars more focused on reading of text and perhaps a bit more fleshed out in that regard, more writing, more backstory and certainly much more political. But the pure isometric, non rotating desing of Pillars and the overall graphic solution wears on me at times.Sword Coast on the other hand, though not as dense in the writing category is still developing in to a really fun and engaging single player story line with really nice graphics and fantastic use of well illustrated cut scenes. The voice acting is top notch and very believable (something that can make or break a game for me) ... the skill tree and level up process is just complex enough to not become so in depth as to become cumbersome and game-flow breaking while also offering a fine mix of what one could call traditional, class based attribute and abilities choices. The writing and backstory is again, just enough to carry things along in an interesting and provocative way while, like the attribute system, isn't so dense as to break the flow of the game. Personally, I don't have 14 hours a day to game (more like 2) and so games with incredibly dense reading requirements or incredibly complicated attribute/level-up systems, quickly get put on the shelf for a moment when I've more time to invest in the game.The graphics in Sword Coast are great … the gameplay and combat system is fun and intuitive (think Dragon Age: Origins but much simplified in regards to any sort of “tactics system”): one can pause, plan, micro manage and individually delegate orders to each member of the party and overall, it comes out being very effective and hugely fun in my opinion.But the one thing that always makes a difference in any isometric type game design is the ability to fully rotate the play field. Dragon Age Origins got this right and so does Sword Coast Legends. For me, someone who likes to closely examine each and every nuance of the playing area, this is essential and makes for a far more immersive experience when traversing any of the many game areas, whether within caverns or, especially, outdoor areas (which in Sword Coast, are sometimes quite spectacular). I also appreciate the fairly decent zoom levels, both in and out but would like to see some ability to increase these extents if possible.The only real quibble I have is that one cannot adjust the vertical viewing angle. I'm okay with the “locked” viewing angle but being able to adjust this as effectively as one can rotate the screen would vastly increase my enjoyment of a game I'm already very much enjoying.So if you made it through that entire essay and have found yourself relating to anything I've said then buy the game without hesitation. Set aside any fanatical obsessions you might have lingering about regarding past titles and enjoy a really very well put together RPG.Now mod scene … go to town on this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,325600,18592052,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,johndraugr,"Personally, I like the game but there are some issues and also some facts.In Short... Would I recommend this game to others? Yes and No. Yes, if you want to play a good cRPG solo/multiplay story mode. NO if you want a great editor suite or Dungeon Crawl mode.Fact: I haven't played D&D 5th Edition, so the rules as they are implemented in SCL seem fine to me. Perhaps if I had played PnP 5th Ed, I'd feel more like those in their reviews who complained about how little this game follows or resembles D&D or D&D 5th Ed. To me, I'm not upset at this because again, I never played 5th Ed.Personal Issues: These are some of the things I don't like either.1. Dungeon Crawling: Once you enter the dungeon you cannot return to the surface (Adventurers Camp) to buy/sell items. When playing a Dungeon Crawl (DC) I like to max out the size of the levels, as well as the depth of the dungeon. No way to return to camp to sell goods or get better goods makes the DC mode a little less enjoyable.2. Dungeon Crawling: You can't save your dungeon. See #1 above for how I like my DC dungeons. Well, when you have 10 levels of large dungeons, you certainly aren't going to play that all in a single session. Sadly, you cannot save your progress in DC mode. When you leave, you have to restart with a new randomized dungeon next time. :(3. Editor Related: Creature Sets: There are a bunch of pre-defined Creature Sets. Undead, Goblins, Beasts, etc... As a GM in the editor you can make your own customized Creature Sets. To me this could/should mean....a. You can make a new set of creatures and then create completely new monsters from scratch.b. Be able to mix and match monsters from the various pre-built Creature Sets. Ex: A Skeleton from the Undead set, a Wolf from the Beast Set, a Goblin Archer from the Goblin Set, and a Wererat from the Sewer Set, etc...NONE of that is POSSIBLE! All you can do to make a so called ""Custom Set"" is to take any of the pre-built sets that come with the game and rename the set, change the colors, equipment load out and stats of the already existing creatures. You CAN NOT mix and match from multiple sets, You CAN NOT create new creatures from New models, etc... You cannot change the model of a creature to a different one. Ex: In the Goblin Set, change the Goblin Archer to a Dragon, or Ghoul model. This feature (Customizing Creature Sets) is 100% useless. Why would I want to take the Goblin Creature Set that comes with the game and simply re-color each goblin within the set and perhaps change their stats? Hmmm a Goblin with as much power and strength as a Dragon.... Uh NO! BORING!4. Editor Related: Area Sizes: In DC mode you can set each level of the dungeon to small, medium or large. In the Campaign Editor I see no such option. Every time I built a City or tried to, the area turns out to be extremely small. As in less than a typical street block in size. That is not cool.5. Game Play: Maybe it's me and I'm used to how other games do it, but to move your character to click on a section of the viewable area and the characters go there. A la Baldur's Gate. But... you then have to use the WASD keys to move the camera so that you have more area to click on to move your characters.The Devs should have at least included an option to choose between the WASD mode and perhaps a mode similar to NWN1 where you simply move the cursor off the screen in one of the 4 directions and this simply moves the viewable area in that direction. That is alot easier. A possible third option would be to click on an effect such as ""Follow the Character"" so that the character is automatically always in the center of the screen and as you move in any direction, the actual area or map moves with you instead of forcing you the player to have to first, move your character, then use the WASD keys to move the screen.There are a few more issues that I've come across but they aren't that big a deal. As for positives I will say this....I've played the single player campaign and so far I like it. The game is actually fun, but again if you are expecting 5th Edition D&D rules, you may not be happy. To me SCL is just another generic RPG rule set that seems to have some D&D features (spell names, effects, monster names, etc...) that are similar. Please remember I've NEVER played 5th Ed D&D so that could be a big reason I'm not bothered by the SCL rule set. Getting back to the game. The story so far is a typical fantasy story done probably a hundred times before, but still is fun here in SCL. I enjoy the solo campaign except for the camera controls as mentioned in #5 above.To finalize my thoughts. If you like fantasy cRPGs and solo campaigns, then you might like SCL. Is it worth $40 or $60 (deluxe Ed)? Only if the DM mode and Editor mode is overhauled and made to have more features and to expand on current features that are completely basic, incomplete, or watered down to almost uselessness (See #3, 3a, 3b and 4 above).For me personally, I'll ride out the game's solo story/campaign mode, then unless the DC mode is altered a bit, or the editor features are improved, I'll probably put the game away after the solo campaign."
,Recommended,325600,18660499,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Decho,"The combat mechanics here are more reminiscent of dragon age than d&d, but that's not really a bad thing. The graphics aren't amazing but they're more than functional and the character creation is pretty good though hairstyles are a bit limited (I want a mohawk on my dwarf slayer damnit!). The module creation is also a bit limited but perfectly serviceable for dungeon crawls, with RP possible if you put your mind to it.Much of the negativity surrounding this game seems largely due to expectations going in, but if you're fine with this not being a straight port of D&D onto the PC and don't expect to be making really intricate singleplayer levels with the editor then this might be worth your money. Hopefully additions will be made to the editor to allow this in the future mind."
,Not Recommended,325600,21818316,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Deathfather,"This game would be a masterpiece if there was no level scaling in it. You don't ever feel like your character is growing because the developers use a lazy cop out system of challenge/level scaling. They should have taken one from their brothers over at snowblind studios and made the game like champions of norrath, with no level scaling or challenge scaling. In this game whenever you level up every enemy does too. Thats not challenging thats frustrating. Sorry guys, I bought 4 copies of this game for me and friends and I have to give my first negative review ever on steam. If you guys remedy that problem I will change my review. Any hardcore gamer like myself would just like the freedom to chose whether or not to turn challenge scaling on or off. Enemies should have set levels of difficulty. End rant/review."
,Not Recommended,325600,18831521,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Oddwaffle,"WARNING: This game is built as a console-focused ARPG with MMORPG elements instead of a pen&paper root RPG. If you are hoping for that D&D game like Neverwinter Nights series and Baldur's Gate series then this game is not it. This game is a lot closer to Diablo than Dragon Age: Origin. Possibly more or less a top-down and cheaper cousin of Dragon Age 2 (without the cool actions/classes/voices/scences)Generally, this game gives a feeling of hack&slash rather than that tactical/strategic planning of old school focus RPG. Most of the skills are extremely simple, action focused and feel more or less like watered down versions of the real D&D skills. The closest I could feel is that these are like MMORPG skills (lots of the skills but lots of redundant) but without much thinking and planning. There are almost no difference between classes if you focus on the same skills.The UI is not a bad design but I can't seem to bring up the combat log as default. Then you combine this with the default 3-tab logs thing, you get a small window that almost seem irrelevant like in some MMO. You can't see the combat rolls or anything that usually show up on a D&D game. Also, I can not count how many times I keep pressing ""space"" to pause but the game is not pausing because I'm typing in the chat log while playing offline."
76561198046081736,Not Recommended,325600,30381587,Posted: 7 March,all,K Ssixx,"I had two expectations for this game.1. Be a worthy successor to such games as Neverwinter Nights, Baldur's Gate, and Icewind Dale.2. Be a useful tool to build digital dungeons, adventures, and campaigns for friends to play.This game was neither of those things."
,Recommended,325600,23208002,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,LazyMcTurtle,"This game is getting a lot of negative attention, but I stand against the crowd. I absolutely love this game.The gameplay can be a bit clunky at the worst of times, but usually I don't have any problems with it.Solo play is decent because your AI teammates are fairly competent (not perfect, but decent), especially the healer who really uses her spells efficiently.Cooperative is great. I've got a lot of fun running through randomized dungeons with friends and strangers alike.Dungeon Master mode is where I'm really loving this game though. I can't get enough of playing this mode.There a lot of useless things you can do as DM, but there is also a lot of entertaining things you can do to keep the game fresh. My friends and I have spent many hours playing dungeons over and over again in this mode and loving every second of it. Trapping players and making them play a life or death game of trivia is rather entertaining I must say.There are several different races and classes you can pick from, and each one matters. Each class has a wide and varied set of skill trees and a separate skill tree for your race too. Character customization is pretty decent too, though I have seen better.I'm very happy with how this game turned out and despite the negativity that swamps this game, I find it very solid and enjoyable and definitely worth the money I spent on it. I even bought two more copies, one for my wife and one for a friend.TL;DRIgnore the negativity, try it for yourself. It's fun. DM mode is amazing with the right people."
76561198001966644,Recommended,325600,18830281,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,geo_hazard,"This game is a bit of a mixed bag. The single player campaign is very good, but the quest system becomes very buggy in co-op. SCL's great strength is in the DM mode, where one of your friends acts as dungeon master and leads you and your friends through a custom story. So far, the game has launched with limited customization, but the developers are committed to adding new content and customization options (and so far they've been true to their word) so there is a lot of potential here. As the developers continue to expand the DM's capabilities, SCL will continue to fluorish as a co-op dungeon crawler, but you NEED a creative and dedicated DM and group of friends who enjoy RP. If the developers continue their work on improving the game, SCL will be one of the best D&D titles available.The good:-Well written single player story-Dungeon Master mode-custome co-op dungeon crawling that feels like the good old pen & paper D&D days.The bad:-The macintosh port is very buggy and slow. The Devs need to optimize for OpenGL under the latest Mac OS GUI.-Co-op quest system is buggy and needs work-Needs better diversity of customizable objects. The Devs are working on this and the game is improving with each patch.Overall rating: 7.5 / 10"
76561198073207251,Recommended,325600,19843317,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,PhysH,"The reason some people hate this game is the same reason that some uber-fanboys hate the new Star Wars and Star Trek movies...I've been a player and fan of D&D (pen & paper, and computer based) for over 30 years.  I love the game and I love the Forgottem Realms.  This game is a great addition to the D&D family.It may not be 100% true to the latest D&D rule set, and has borrowed some game mechanics used in other popular games, but make no mistake, this is still a D&D game.  The Forgotten Realms are well represented, and the story is well written and engaging.Other than a few minor non-game breaking oversights here and there (quest hints pointing to wrong locations on map), the game was well done overall.If you are a fan of D&D, ignore the negative reviews and give this game an honest try (unless you are a whining uber-fanboy, then avoid at all costs)."
76561198288481203,Recommended,325600,23426409,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,masterofgold7,"Brilliant game really, unfortunately the developer went bust before they released the mod tools. What hurt this game was the lack of editing ability people had when making modules. However, this game is actually quite modifiable, they just went out of business before releasing the 3rd community pack with the tools. I think when people see how easy it is to mod it really, some tools and things might spring up.The only sore point, it does not have enough monsters, but it may not be very hard to import or convert models to unity3d with blender."
,Recommended,325600,18895758,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Pandemon1c,"I honestly enjoy this. I was never sucked into the hype train, and maybe I'm old and jaded, but I never expected it to be the next Baldur's Gate or Neverwinter Nights (and it isn't). For what it is, though, it's a lot of fun."
76561198096124539,Recommended,325600,20008308,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Skykros,"Have you ever wanted to play dungeons and dragons? like classic pen and paper gaming with the mind! Are you a new player? cool then continue reading.The Game is Great, the negative reviews are most likely from die hard players that roll and cannot understand the new player point of view.It's simple, the game takes all the starter aspects, and lets you thru your own choices create a great character. You get to go thru the process of playing solo or with friends, and you don't have to wonder ""what do I roll for? / can I roll for?""I highly recommend this game, they have a youtube channel - it shows they listen to the community and update based on needs and what wants that they can address in the community packs!If you want to enjoy the chance to go thru storylines and dungeons, or simply practice dungeons and set them up how you would like, then get the game, especially on sale for 50% off.17 of my friends and I have in just the last 72 hours and we are all having a blast!With players themselves being able to create content and campaigns, there are over 1600 more downloads in game of just content for you to enjoy!I will most likely make a Sword Coast for New Players Vid on youtube starting Jan 2016 and hopefully it will address anymore questions / concerns a new player might have.Remember, haters will hate, but do not let them make up your mind for you!Play for yourself and see!So, what are you waiting for? drop the pen and paper, and grab your friends for a great afternoon of dungeons and campaigns!"
76561197991230661,Not Recommended,325600,18804223,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,DeAurion,"EDIT 2016-02-17:The review below is now old and my comments may no longer apply. I have not tried the game since my initial experience and you should probably read a more recent post/review if you are planning on buying this game.Also I had not earlier noticed the developer’s comments below even though the timestamp shows it was made shortly after this review was written. It bodes well for the game that the developers have the level of commitment needed to comment on individual customer’s feedback. I hope this game becomes all it can be./DeAurionOriginal review:This game leaves a lot to be desired, in particularly in Multiplayer which was what we intended to play. Let's start with the clunky interface.This is a click-to-move-game but it has an unfortunate ""pull to select"" feature which has the devastating effect that when your character is moving, it is difficult to accurately get your character to respond to new move commands. The game is likely to interpret the new command as click-pull-to-select instead of move. In comparison other click-to-move-games – like Diablo 3 or any MOBA – are much more responsive. Also, the collision boxes of characters are exaggerated and makes your character move awkwardly in a party.Multiplayer is generally painful, in particular if you are not the leader as you will frequently lose control of your character (e.g. while swapping gear) when the leader or other party members interacts with the world. To make it worse a forcibly interrupted/aborted gear change will leave the item you were moving “stuck” to your cursor until go back into the menus and pick a new one up.Each character has a multitude of skills and stat points available to them, but – at least for the fighter and paladin we tried playing – they all are slow and unexciting, making you wonder if they really do anything at all. You press the button, nothing happens for a while, then you see the cool-down counter start. In addition the cool-down of said abilities are depressingly long. To wait 2 minutes for an ability when you have a total of 4 on your bar in leaves you staring on the screen for minutes at a time, waiting for a button to press while your little character swings dourly but impotently at the enemies.In addition, the look of the game – at least the areas available to the “new player” – leaves you underwhelmed. It is not particularly ugly, just plain and mundane. This would not have been as bad had the action been quicker with a responsive interface. Now you are left with plenty of time while waiting for your rare CD or lumbering character to move, to stare at the unassuming doodads – all which are copy-pasted with reckless abandon all across a whole map section.From a technological perspective the game does not seem to support e.g. triple monitor resolutions. I was left at 1920x1080 or with a horribly stretched game that could not be navigated due to mouse position mismatches. In general the menu layout is also clunky. For example, to exit the game you must look under “options”.This game is not finished, or at least not very polished. Perhaps some of the shortcomings can be mitigated by a clever Dungeon Master designing his own content to counter some of the unacceptably slow elements.This felt like a return to the 90s and a Baldur’s gate copy with a slightly different twist. It does have the ability to build your own adventures, but you must have very loyal friends if they are to endure the actual game you made for them.It would likely take a year to salvage this title, if the developers are interested in doing so. Until then, let the 90’s stay where it belongs – dead and gone – and go play something else./DeAurion"
,Recommended,325600,19101028,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Dreadnaught,"I've seen a lot of vicious reviews of this game (mostly when it was first released) but it's honestly a pretty good game. If you're expecting BG or NW then you'll probably be mildly disappointed. Otherwise, it's a solid title in which the developers seem to be taking the right steps with regard to continued improvement.7.5/10"
76561198072860715,Not Recommended,325600,22210411,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Bob Ross,"Bruh, theres just no tactics to the game.. If you know anything about D&D, tactics and roleplaying are a huge part of adventuring.. This game would be fun for like, a 5th grader on a cell phone or something.I even tried to play single player with my own party, you cant really control just your own guy without everyone dying. And if you try to control everyone and micromanage the battle turn-based style, your AI just seems to autocast random♥♥♥♥♥♥whenever, you cant queue up many moves like KOTOR.Overall, HUGE let down."
,Recommended,325600,26949473,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kraft,"Not true to 5e D&D, but still a great game.I know a lot of people were expecting more from this game than it delivered, and that N-Space promised/were working on a lot of features that never got released (branching dialogue, tile-by-tile dungeon placement), but even so I still *really* enjoy Sword Coast Legends, from the environments to the soundtrack and even the story (although it was a little predictable in places). If you're an RPG fan then you could certainly do a lot worse, and even though the DM mode isn't what was promised it's still fun to create your own modules and have people play them.Although it's a hard-sell, I'd still reccomend this game despite its flaws."
76561198096230195,Not Recommended,325600,27000258,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,delcabon,"Had fun until a quest bug stopped me from progressing. Was disconnected while searching the house in the Heart of Stone quest and now the sailor remains unresponsive. Because I only have the 1 save I have zero options but to quit and remember never to buy another title from a producer and developer that seems happy with game breaking bugs.I wish I had read earlier that there was only the 1 save possible. I am an older gamer fraught with lots of real and imaginary issues that might impede my gaming progress. One 'save' leaves me in a constant panic of an epic fail which finally came true after 60 hours, bleh.If you like an easy game with a solid party AI that can take down a pack of dire wolves while your afk tending to the wife, look no further.Still I can't recommend this game in its currently ignored and unfinished state.  Too bad."
76561198011642712,Recommended,325600,19806558,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Professor Anthrax,Imagine all of your dreams coming true. 1000000/10.
76561197970785926,Recommended,325600,19837758,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Clapper,"I recommend this game because the campaign is fun and engaging with voice-overs for the main quest line.  The quest log/ journal helps you remember where quests are returned and who to talk too -- very helpful if you only play for a few hours and forget what you were doing next time you play.  Inventory management is pretty nice with various sort parameters.Play any of your party members...http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=582378626The map shows you the location you need to be in for each quest...http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=582379141As you unlock NPCs in the campaign you can use them in the Dungeon Crawl mode which I don't believe is in any other RPG.  You can pick the number of dungeon levels, types of quests (kill, collect), 2 types of monsters per level and whether it has a boss or not.There is a special ""Pause"" options page to make the battles as turn-based as you want.  I usually run with pauses before a battle starts and before someone is about to die.  On normal mode I couldn't avoid pausing entirely or someone would die.If you have any doubts on the complexity behind the combat... It's in there!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=582516773"
,Not Recommended,325600,22314439,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Vrekken,"1: Signing in online before I can access the privilege to play singleplayer always bothers me... and yes, in this cisrcumstance it is  privilege and can be revoked at any time (such as when the company goes under and can't maintain the server).2: MMO cooldown combat in a ""Dungeons & Dragons"" game makes me doubt its respect for Dungeons & Dragons.3: My steroid-laden warrior with maximum strength and a tree-splitting axe required three successful hits to take down a goblin.  Yes, Hercules had to wail away on a creature that, by the laws of relative size and weight, typically is defeated by being stomped like a rusty concertina.n-Space, you done goofed.As for all of you other readers, if you enjoy murdering everything between Point A and Point B, play Dungeon Siege 2, an unfortunately superior game."
76561198072753005,Recommended,325600,23126397,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,zombiesrepic,"I don't understand the immense amount of hate this game has recieved. I just got this the other day and I've found this game to be highly entertaining. The DM mode alone is fun to mess around, and the player mode has endless playtime with custom campaigns and the two standard campaigns given to you by the developers. The only problem I see with this game is the lack of community support. There just isn't enough people playing the game to get a full match of players and a DM. This however can be fixed easily if you just give this game a try. Get this game if you have some extra money on steam or if it goes on sale because this could be an amazing game if the community grows."
76561198009670828,Recommended,325600,23107947,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Trenchsoul,"Figured I'd write this mostly because the top negative review at the time I write this only has .2 hours played.. took me that long to create a character and that review is mostly complaining about the developer instead of the game.  I wouldn't say this is the best rpg I've played but its plenty good enough to justify the $10 I spent and the dev was, at least, good enough to finish its xpak and release it for free as a final act of a potentially dead game so they had to put some love into this.  Add in that it has coop functionality and some kind of DM mode that I know nothing about yet and it only makes the package sweeter.  Sure it might not follow D&D rules or something but pfft, still a good RPG with lots of character customization.  I'm quite happy with it so far, take that for what you will."
,Recommended,325600,22722329,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Arcane Blades,"I will write a longer review later.I'm writing a quick note just to say that this game is fun. It may not be exact D&D rules, spells etc... doesn't matter a bit to me. It's fun.If you like D&D type games and aren't goofy about the rule books then get the game and have fun. I've only played single player and so I can't speak about the rest. I don't really care about the rest at this point.Yep, the company got bought out a couple weeks ago....warlocks and content are on hold at this point. I don't care. I didn't buy this game since it was released because of all the crying reviews about it. I have learned a lesson about the D&D community on Steam... they cry wayyyy too much to listen to them if you are a gamer that just wants to play a fun game.If you have been holding off because of reviews... go ahead and grab it... worth the money imo.I will write a proper review later.... probably. Just want people to know it's worth it and don't worry about the D&D cry babies that write 10 paragraph rants on how awful it is... it's 10x better than POE imo.... I hated that game."
,Not Recommended,325600,19271004,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Beastmemes,"I have been an avid lover of D&D, especially the Forgotten Realms, since I was just 8 years old - about 12 years ago now. Neverwinter Nights was a staple in my childhood that defined my future gaming habits and also my love for creation and fantasy. I just got this game today, it is a great game with lots of potential but so far there have been numerous things I'm not happy with. As 80% of the reviews tell you, do not get this game if you're looking for a repeat of Neverwinter Nights because you will not find that here. I was an absolute fiend on the Neverwinter Nights toolset and was really hyped up about the DM mode - I'm not sure how it works yet but there's basically no creatures available in DM mode (and the fact that you have to pay extra for the Beholder - one of the most iconic footholds in the D&D franchise - is just plain pathetic). I'm wondering if you unlock creatures as you go through the story mode of the game, which is absolute hogwash for those who are more into the DM'ing side of D&D like I am. Don't get me wrong, I love playing through the single player campaigns and will play them time and time again countless times over to see everything I missed, but playing through the entire game just to add a Red Dragon into your module doesn't strike me as a good selling point and if I'd known that initially I doubt I would have bought this game.The controls are also a little shoddy, and sometimes unresponsive, but that could be because my computer isn't a top-of-the-end machine and doesn't run the game perfectly.The characters are just as engaging and real as they should feel and have felt in past games - I'm finding myself growing attached to them already after only a few hours of gameplay, so that's a good thing at least.The graphics of the game are pretty good for the type of game it is - some of the creature models are a little unpleasing or awkward-looking, like they were made hastily, but I can look past that because of the extensive customization options for them in DM mode, including skin, hair, equipment colour changes and full control over their skills and attributes. The preset tiles are also useful and make area designing much less of a hassle than it was in Neverwinter Nights, while giving it a much more natural feel. The objects are nice but (shock horror) I have issues with their availability too. So, I'm left feeling disappointed by it overall.I paid full price for this game less than two hours ago and all of a sudden there's a deal on. Are you flipping kidding me? Don't suppose there's any way I could get that £10 back? Then I'd feel more like I'd pay what this game was actually worth.I'll probably go off and replay Neverwinter Nights and come back to this when more content is added or something so I can actually get my money's worth out of this. I'm one of those unfortunate people who doesn't make much money and I feel so horribly ripped off, I'm actually pretty angry. Neverwinter Nights provided me over a decade of gameplay for about £10 and now I've just spent £32 on a game I doubt I'll be playing very much.Although I have enjoyed what I've played, the cons are heavily outweighing the pros in this case. I'll keep an eye on the future content packs and see if the game improves as I understand it's still new. I'll keep playing through it as well, just because it is set in a world very close to my heart - but if it wasn't for how deeply rooted the world of Faerun is within me, I wouldn't be hanging around."
76561198061671546,Recommended,325600,18644648,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Sciophyte,"Easily one of the most hotly debated releases in recent months (years?). I won't even try to jump into the whole argument about how D&D fans are either raging nerds or justifiably feeling let down. Personally, I came for the SP experience, the solo campaign, as it is, so that's ALL I'm talking about when I say that I LOVE it! Sure, SCL may feel a bit more like Dungeon Siege than strictly D&D at times, but it looks and sounds very nice and there's tons of fun to be had in the campaign, with plenty of player-created modules to come once that's lost its luster. Unless you have nearly religious feelings about certain rulesets and their implementation or unless the DM capabilities were the game's main draw for you—in other words, if the idea of a 'tabletop-esque' experience has you frowning in bewilderment—my guess is you'll enjoy SCL."
76561197994123605,Recommended,325600,18841781,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,🌌Draugkir🌌,Amazing game.Poor adaptation of D&D ruleset but still amazing.Imagine if it had a good D&D ruleset.. what coudl have been.
76561198235834514,Recommended,325600,28621437,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Feargorta,"I don't know what peoples problem is with this game. I picked up this game one day as just a ""that looks interesting"" sort of thing, and you know what I had fun."
76561197971759313,Recommended,325600,18687854,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,soundprostudios,"Solo campaign on this has been quite good so far. Good mix of quests, characters, story, good voice acting and strategy does contribute to the gameplay. It also retains a D&D feel throughout without being overly clunky. There are a few minor bugs but nothing that has been a gamebreaker for me yet.As for can it live up to being a good candidate for creating or live DM'ing a module or even a bigger campaign it's got a good starting point. It's been fun as far as it goes. Having said that it does need to develop and mature  with more tools, more customizable elements and smooth out some of the UI and creation elements. With time and hopefully with some further dedication to the game with either patch updates and hopefully a large amount of future DLC content we could all have a excellent game to bring D&D to life in a digital realm.7 out of 10"
76561198005336655,Not Recommended,325600,26738960,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Crynus,"My group was waiting for this game for a long time. I really wanted to like this game, but I just can't.Even with friends the game is just not a fun experience, it's boring and terribly paced.The biggest problem are the load times. I'm talking 70+ seconds sometimes, and that can be loading into a 1 room location.The final insult are the insufferable npcs.They took a great platform of DnD 5th edition and ruined it. The only class that had any feel of 5E was the warlock, but that came too little too late.Avoid this"
,Not Recommended,325600,26591372,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Iamyew,"Rich Concept; Poor RealitySpeaking as someone who has logged approximately 99 hours on this game, trying to make it something it's not, I have to say that I was very disappointed. The game is far too rigid in its structure to be considered a video-game DnD. The Dungeon Master mode fell very flat (which is a total shame), and building your own zones and quests proved to be relatively fruitless as well due to the recycling of story-mode maps and their inclusion of many static objects.If you want a great DnD/Pen and Paper style video-game, consider Divinity: Original Sin, but look elsewhere."
76561198058123562,Recommended,325600,24619709,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,rottingsavior,"First off i'd like to say i really enjoyed this game. I have been a fan since the original Baldurs Gate, BG2, IWD and NWN 1 and 2. that being said, i also felt that there was way more potential for this game that never came.Pros: as usual the characters are very well thought out and i couldn't help but fall in love with them, came with a rich detailed story line, i also loved the graphics. lots of loot and scaled to my level. very detailed monster npc's. randomly generated dungeons after the campain.Cons: no longer any steam workshop mods, only one DLC, the skill trees were to closely related for each class. not a whole lot of options for character customization. was over way to soon."
76561197971854172,Recommended,325600,21117882,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,chetwebb,"I was troubled by so many negative reviews. I read an extremely high number of them and found the disdain palpable but it was a game I wanted to play badly.  With that in mind I read them again. It appears that a high number of serious gamers were looking forward to promises made regarding the Dungeon Master part of the game. They felt mislead as to what the software could do. In time the developers seemed to grudgingly admit to over selling that  portion of the game.All I wanted was a Sword Coast game with modern graphics and a decent story that played similar to Neverwinter Nights. That is what I got and I have enjoyed growing my characters and playing them in an inreasingly tougher environment.So if what you want is a solid game, get it. If you want more read the other reviews and decide. There are some well written ones out there."
76561198044158649,Not Recommended,325600,18604427,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Rhabdo,"+ Single player campaign is very well done when played ALONE.- COOP is almost unplayable with the inability to perform tasks w/o constantly pausing / switching the games camera for everyone in the party.- DM mode is abysmal at best.  Granted the mode functions fine and the creation tools are intuitive even whilst a bit lacking, but the greatest downfall is N-Space's utter lies in that there was ""TONS"" of DM content being held back for the sake of spoilers.  Well TONS can be defined as 9 variations of out door areas.... TISK TISKI DO NOT RECOMMEND until N-Space places a roadmap and is forced to uphold their outlined objectives.OR BETTER YETJust allow for mods and let the community fix what you have somehow broken.  (of course that will never happen b/c mods kill paid DLC)"
76561198018918861,Recommended,325600,28153363,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,clintmich,"I rarely write reviews for games, but I figured I would address some issues for someone who is on the fence about getting this title. Being an avid player of all the Baldurs Gates, and Icewind Dale series, I was excited when Sword Coast Legends was released. But to my dismay, after the release, all the horrible reviews started flowing in, so I held off on buying it, thinking it would be a huge disappointment. Wow was I wrong! I should have got this game a long time ago! After 19 hrs of play, I can't get enough. But don't get me wrong, Sword Coast Legends is no Baldurs Gate. If you are looking for the depth of Baldurs Gate, this game is not it. But don't let that stop you from playing this game, because it is awesome! If it's the bad reviews that's holding you back, forget them! Or you will be missing out on a wonderful adventure.A few things I'd also like to point out are:-This is not a Diablo clone like some reviews say. It's nothing like Diablo at all.-This is not an arcade game like some reviews say. Played on a normal difficulty it requires tactical pausing to survive.-If you like RPGs like Baldurs Gate, Icewind Dale, Pillars of Eternity, or something similar, GET THIS GAME!!!!!One other thing I'd like to mention, that can only be described as the only negative aspect of this game that I've encountered, is the Vsync doesn't work. When i first installed this game the screen tears were so bad I almost stopped playing. No matter what options I chose when customizing my video options, Vsync was unresponsive. But fear not! I enabled Vsync through my graphics card settings and Voila! Vsync works! And screen tears are almost completely gone!Get this game. You won't regret it!"
,Not Recommended,325600,22206967,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,[THC]Sokkerpappa,"This game has nothing to do with Dungeons and Dragons. The story is weak, the DM tools are extremely poor. None of the tools promised are present in the game. Everything is extremely limited."
,Recommended,325600,33810841,Posted: 26 July,all,Berringer,"I just had to review this game! I've not finished it, to be frank I only just now started work in Luskan.I bought the game at release and was truly hyped. Since I am a Forgotten Realms nerd sort of I just had to buy it!Man was I disapointed at first.So then I gave it another try in July 2017, and wow, felt so much better!I can't pinpoint why, I just got hooked!Been playing Baldurs Gate 1&2 with expansions, Neverwinter Nights 1&2, Pillars of Eternity and so on and I must say this game holds up to those! BG1 is still my favourite.Pros:Story (original one)VoiceactingFeeling, it actually feels like a Sword Coast title now! Love it!Cons:Can open everything everywhere without being cought by owners of stuff or even guards.Journal seems off.I give this a strong 7/10, not as good as BG1&2 or Pillars, but absolutely up there!"
76561198016913509,Recommended,325600,18586530,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Scrag,If you are expecting a D&D tabletop simulator this is not the game for you. But if you want a fun RPG to play solo or with friends this game is perfect. The DM tool is tons of fun and there are a ton of non main story modules to play through. There is still a lot of room for improvement but I believe that this game will only get better the longer it is out.
,Recommended,325600,30479278,Posted: 12 March,all,Shads,"Sword Coast Legends (SCL from here on in) promised us so much.  It still HAS promise, but it appears the Devs have taken their loot and made a run for the Ten Towns.The Pro's* It's one of if not THE only AD&D CRPG using the 5th Edition Rule set, and on the whole it does it quite well.* It brings us the magic of older CRPG's, like Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale, Neverwinter Nights, with obvious improvements to the visuals* There is support to create your own modules, or play someone elses module* One player can be a DM and change the settings on the fly to keep the balance exactly right* The standard single player plot is pretty good.The Con's* One player can be a DM and change the settings on the fly to keep the balance exactly right - if you can find anyone who plays it! No-one has stuck around top play this, so finding noline games is a challenge* There are several character classes missing from the choices - the most obvious being the Druid. Why?* There's a fair bit of grind to level up - more so than its predecessors, which seemed to level you up at just tjhe right spots* You can't create a full party.  This was an issue in Baldur's Gate, but there was a workaround.  I've not been able to find one in SCLWould I recommend this game? Well, that depends.  The answer is YES if you are:* An avid AD&D player who wants to play in the wonderful Forgotten Realms setting* A fan of the Baldurs Gate and NWN series of games* Looking for a game that does a fairly decent job of incorporating the 5th Edition Rules* Not bothered about the online play* Are not worried about aditional DLCThe answer is NO if you are:* Looking for a basic pick up and play CRPG* Looking to play online with others, unless you know these people personally* Wanting to lay a Druid....* Want a game that is regularly updated, with more DLC availableI'm going to recommend this game purely on its strong points and IF it's under £15 ($20) - a good looking CRPG, with the ability to create your own adventures, and the story is a good few hours long.  Just don't expect it to get any better than it already is, since it appears to have been abandoned"
,Not Recommended,325600,18630955,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,brian.sherlock,"My first game review and I had to tell people not to buy this game, at least not until it is on a significant offer.First 2 lines say everything: This is not Baldur's Gate 3, nor is it Neverwinter Nighs 3.What it is, is a pretty boring DnD conversion with repetative combat, no real choice in how a conversation ends (Good or bad, nothing really in the middle - might as well not be a choice if they aren't going to do it properly) and absolutely no chance to roleplay; which completely defeats the point of the DnD setting.I am still playing through the main story, but more because I want the game to be good than because it is. You spot the flaws very early on with my Paladin not being able to drop a quest which is basically 'Steal this', you also get forced into a party with people that A: my character would not associate with, and B: I don't even like.Out of the 5 or 6 characters I have met so far only 1 has a real personality of note, and I will forget him a week after I put the game down. Characters like Minsc and Boo stay with you forever, nothing here will."
76561197989793240,Recommended,325600,18717334,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Wolf,"I only heard about this game fairly recently so i never got the chance to be a backer. With all the mixed reviews i was holding back then i took the plunge.It isnt Divinity Original Sin but its not a bad game at all. Graphics are decent, story is ok but engaging, combat im kind of mixed. I like micro managing usually but using the pause options with the pace of combat just didnt feel right and a bit annoying so i just spacebar on the occasion i need to. Its serviceable and can be challenging but most of the time im not having any problems on normal difficulty.It does feel like Forgotten Realms and there is a little D&D in there. So far after 20 hours im still enjoying it enough to continue. Im only playing the single campaign, not interested in multiplayer or DM mode so no comments on those. I havent come across any bugs either.If you fancy a decent but not exceptional RPG give it a go. Its D&D lite (well very lite). There are better RPGs but why not play them all :)"
,Not Recommended,325600,34003849,Posted: 3 August,all,OniKai,"Feels too much like an mmo combat system, dumbed down, it's my only real gripe I buy these games for number crunching and managing my items and gear and feeling like it's all important to my strategy as this is just find a combo, rinse repeat, I dunno what D&D nerds you talked to that said yeah I love D&D but I sure wish D&D was more simple like world of warcraft! I kinda find it offensive that this is classed as D&D 5th edition rules, they say it's still deep, but it's not, it takes away from what it is to be in a D&D encounter, who cares about using a spell when you have refresh of a few seconds, I kinda feel at this point pillars of eternity does D&D better than this."
76561198052501479,Not Recommended,325600,29351048,Posted: 18 January,all,Onion Knight,"After playing Pillars of Eternity and then moving on to this game, I was sorely dissappointed. The battle mechanics just feel outdated and the battle tactics AI for your party members is not well developed at all (It's much worse than Pillars of Eternity), the graphics and character models are not that good either, but required much more performance from your computer. Basically unless you managed to pause everything everytime any of our party attacks in order to micromanage the battle you won't have satisfying results making the battles extremely tedious. Lastly the voice acting seems lack lustre too. The game just feels like it fell short of what I was looking for in this crpg type of genre after playing a fairly well developed game like Pillars of Eternity. The game just didn't feel fun for me. I refunded, but maybe others would enjoy this game. I would give it 2/5 stars."
,Recommended,325600,18582132,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Coax,"Sword Coast Legends is like getting to have 2 compelete games rolled into one.First, you get the new and upgraded kind of Baldur's Gate that is fully 3D. This game isn't trying to be another Pillars of Eternity, which was more true to the original Baldur's Gate isometric style, but is the ""modern attempt"" instead.Second, the multiplayer is incredible! You can create your own story and play the game in a more traditional virtual tabletop way if you desire. It gives you a good amount of freedom for a video game, too.Overall, this has to be one of the best games I've ever played.If you liked Baldur's gate and Neverwinter nights or want a game with lots of replay value, this is your game."
76561198019219227,Recommended,325600,18645622,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,[XIII] Vindictus Vorn,"Here are my impressions so far - The GOOD, The BAD, The UGLY:The GOOD-Immersive, relaxing, D&D RPG.Lots of things for Rogues to do.Refreshing character personalty, i.e. unique and not always what you expect.Whitty and sometimes humorous dialog.Great music, sounds and audio including voice overs.Good graphics that are obviously better than the enhanced editions of the classic D&D games i.e. Baldurs Gate, Icewind Dale etc etrc etc.Easy and intuitive interface.Nice story .Good character dialogs and interactions, but not as detailed or flavorful  as the old classic D&D games I mentioned above.Good maps.The options menu is GREAT as you can realy customise the gameplay experience and other areas quite well.I did enjoy customizing the ""Pause Game"" feature, but in the end I found you have to be careful as you can easily go from one extreme to the other. probably best to leave it at default.However, you can really realy customize the difficulty levels within a difficulty level, i.e. I playing on ""Normal"" but customizing the many ""pause"" options I can make it harder or easier within the normal setting by adding or taking away pause options such as pausing when a hidden object is found, enemy sighted, party member hit, etc etc etc.Easy and intuitive good character customization.Combat seems fun so far, and is not as fast paced or clicky click as Diablo 3.Also, the camera angle is better IMHO than the old classic D&D games.Reminds me a little bit of Pillars of Eternity, but too early for me to say which is better.Definately, feels like a Sword Coast and D&D world setting.The BAD-Needs stiffer death Penalty.Cannot figure out how to move dungeon map.Some minor quirks, such as selecting different party members or in my case getting the hang of the ""charge ability"",  but nothing a true PC Gamer cannot overcome, as its more a matter of learning how the game works. If you are not willing to learn how to play a game, any game, then you are not a true PC Gamer of any sort.Hearing your character say one of only 3 different things everytime you click the ground to move gets annoying.Some framerate issues, even when in menu while in game.I had to lower 2 shadow options on my i920.Combat is over very quickly on ""Normal"" setting, way too easy, ""Hard"" is probably better too start with. However, having said that the game gets challenging very quickly about 2 hours in, so you might want to decide for yourself.For D&D rule affectionatos I do not believe the game is true to that ruleset, but I am not a D&D rules expert, so I will leave that for others to comment on. I say ""Bad"" only because I know people were expecting 100% D&D ruleset, thus thats a negative for some.For me it does not matter.In the prologue, a screen effect is used to hide parts of the map, looked kind of like the ""I put on Saurons One Ring Effect. I did not like that at all. Fortunately, once you get out of the Prologue it goes away .Although, WASD screen movement combined with point and click character movement does not bother me, I know it bothers some people and frankly I prefer mouse movement to the border to move the screen as opposed to wasd.I can get used to it, but oh well.There have been comparisons to Dragon Age, but frankly I do not see any similarity to those games as I liked DA Origins, I hated DA 2, and was indifferent to DA3.For what its worth I enjoy this game so far, more than DA2 and 3.I am not sure yet if I enjoy it more than DA1.Although I did enjoy the classic D&D games ""back""when they were originally released, I must confess I am less impressed with them in their enhanced versions ONLY because I played them already years ago and thus its nothing new to me.So far, the ""D&D feel"" was a lttle better in those games.Fade in and fade out after dialog with NPCs.DM Mode is not what players thought it would be based on advertising.However, I still feel it's worth it.The UGLY -IMHO there is no ""Ugly"" aspect to this game.However, if you are a tried and true deep D&D fan in regards to the rules, then well.....Frankly, it matters not to me...but I can understand those that say ""if its D&D it must have the D&D ruleset"".CONCLUSION-Originally based on the ""mixed reviews"" I was reading I had refused to buy this game.But, a close of friend of mine who is very very picky with what games he likes told me he LOVED it after 8 hours of play.So for me, that is all I had to hear to buy it.However, for those who arfe not friends with either he or I, I can understand how that would not matter to you.Thus, if you are a hardcore D&D rule junkie you might want to wait.However, if you want a good RPG you can play with friends in coop, or single player that takes place in the D&D universe and is FUN, RELAXING, IMMERSIVE, and CHALLENGING then I say definately buy it.The strength of this game is to gather your closest friends, so that they comprise your group, and then pour your favorite beverage into your favorite flagon, turn the lights off, light some candles, and immerse yourself back into a time when friends would gather around a table and play RPG games."
,Recommended,325600,18640666,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Zalbraxes,"Lets start with something very simple and clear: THIS IS NOT BALDUR'S GATE 3!With that off the board, I'll start by saying that, while this is not a perfect digital version of 5e, it is a very good D&D game by itself.Combat is top down real time, just as in, well, Baldur's Gate; you can even pause it.There is a story mode for those who dared buy the game alone (aka Those who went against the tide of people, sometimes friends, saying this game is crap)There's an online mode, for adventuring with random pplAnd there's a DM mode, where anyone can publish a self made adventure with a quite big array of tools (except for quest objectives, but the three default available ones quite suffice)Did they add the 5e rules?Yes and NoDuring character creation, you get to choose some of the book's races and classes (the most basic ones, like humans and paladins, while the most complex ones, like Draconates and Warlocks were left out, probably for the time being)Those races have the racial variantsFeats were not employed, since, as of 5e, they're optionalSkills were reduced to 2 (Lockpick and Spot, which are the most important ones for this kind of game; Survival, Knowledges and the sorts are flavorful, but compared to those two, they're optional at best, both in the digital and the PnP versions)NowAll the hatred apparently gravitates towards one thing about the game, and spreads to everything else due to blind rageThe Ability TreeSo, instead of the by-level system of unlocking new class features that is present in the PnP version, they opted into a more customizable way of class advancement: an Ability Tree, which also encompasses weapon and armor proficiencies, as well as the level of your character's Lockpick and Spot skills.Different? Yes, but its a virtual game, based on a very loose system intended to be less restrictiveAlso, there is no mention to dice rolls whatsoever, which may be considered ""offgame"" to some; and I havent seen ""save rolls"" so far (but those must be hidden, like the supposed dice rolls)I am yet to try the coop gameplay, as I am one of the ""against the tide"" people, and noone of my immediate circle followed me so far.But the Dungeon Crawl mode (random generated dungeon with some specifics, like types of mobs, number of floors and quest per floor) is very well designed as well, since it allows you to keep the fun going without having to replay something you already did.There are also side quests that you can (freely) download, created by other players on the aforementioned DM feature, which may come with a surprisingly new quest for you.tl;drGame is good, slightly divergent and lacking in options (so far) when related to PnP, people are raging because it's not Baldur's Gate revampedP.S.: People who complain this is not D&D 5e should read the 5e rulebook, and also remember that the game is just out, and that it's a digital game, which has a different gameplay than PnP itself"
,Recommended,325600,21007806,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,AnimalMother/Egdod,"If you are a PnP player and are looking for a game that follows 5e rules, stop reading and move on.  If you can ignore the fact this has no realtion to PnP, then have fun.Initial impressions: Old school RPG game.  If you like Baldur's Gate and Dragon Age, then you will like this.  If you are expecting graphics on the level of Baulder's gate with co-op and get it at 1/2 price you will be happy."
76561198022975473,Not Recommended,325600,20478025,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Lord Beavis,5/10 game.  Don't buy.
,Recommended,325600,18621345,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Zombie_Chan,"Now I will say that I'm disappointed in SWL, I was expecting virtual D&D basically, something like the next Neverwinter Nights. But even if it was a let down and I still enjoy the game. DM tools are simple and you can't do a whole lot, but still be able to make simple module. Plus its fun playing with friends and just fooling around with the game."
76561198039834764,Not Recommended,325600,18803619,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,guhren,"The controllers are terrible, there is a very annoying 2-3second delay when performing any action in the game. If you are not the leader you will frequently lose controll of your character. Over a 2 hour session the game went unresponsive several times and the only solution was to restart, losing any progress. In addition, alot of the times an action to move your character will be interpreted as a select action which is very annoying. If above mentioned problems could be fixed and you are a person that likes to wait minutes for ""cutscene"" conversations this is the game for you! Also, if you want to click an enemy and wait for a minute before anything happens watching the sub-par graphics you will enjoy this game (the graphics remind me of baldurs gate only here the gameplay is far worse). Point beeing, there are close to no skill in this game and the delay makes it impossible to do anything constructive in a group. I cannot in any way recommend this game. Furhtermore, the overall quality is terrible and this is what I would expect from a free to play game, not a ~40euro game. I feel sorry for anyone who payed for this."
,Not Recommended,325600,31710416,Posted: 12 May,all,melmel1404,"I can't log in because the website isn't working? I'm getting frustrated, and don't know how to get in contact with Steam to get it removed and refunded."
76561198099200983,Recommended,325600,34221247,Posted: 13 August,all,SebJulien,"Fans wanted Baldur's gate 3 or the new itteration of Neverwinter night, and thats understandable if this is what they really promised to deliver in the past, instead they got Dungeon siege 4 or A real sequel to Dragon age Origin alike and a lot better. That is the main reason for all the downvote, its not because its a bad game, far from it. But watching video stream from the DEV from my point of view they delivered what they promise, if you dont believe here is the proof, you have more than 2 years videos showing what they would deliver:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWP8GOixB74zWHiicg6yIaQI love the game and I should play more. Just buy it and ask for a refund if you don't like it. Music is great, characters interactions are really funny (the dwarf and the mage especially). Decent story, I have seen  a lot worst, and personnaly I like it. Graphics a perfectly fine even pretty good looking in some places. If you love Pillars of eternity I think you could love this too. Watch my gamelist I have a lot of games and I still play this one. Really worth it imo, the game cost peanuts now anyway.Sadly the company went down because of the downvote the game received, and its really sad because a lot of work went in the making of this great game, but the damage is done and its too late to do anything about it. I just hope another dev wont be afraid to touch the franchise again because of this, because I would be.Again: no its not Baldur's gate, but for players who do not want to remember hundreds of spells and do not like to micromanage everything, thats a good entry in the DnD universe."
,Not Recommended,325600,22157450,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Kreia,n-SPACE don't even exist since they closed down 3 days ago so unless DE pick up the pieces there's nothing here anymore.
,Not Recommended,325600,22328096,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Darxim,"I didn't get very far into the game.  I couldn't.  I just can't handle the sluggish UI.  Do you like edge scrolling?  Do you like waiting for it to speed up every time?  I don't.  It's edge scrolling, not a car.  There shouldn't be an acceleration period.  Do you like clicking on a button multiple times to get it to do the thing that it's supposed to?  I don't.  I should only have to click a button once.  Also, when it finally does take, there seems to be a slight delay before anything happens.  I also don't like how the view fades out and then back in every time I talk to someone.  Not only does it take way longer than any such transition should take, it's completely unnecessary.  They could just move the camera a bit, or not do anything with the camera.  Instead, I've have to wait several seconds after clicking on someone before I can read what they're saying.  Everything feels like it's been drenched in molasses.  It becomes painful trying to play the game.  The inventory screen sucks, too.  The whole look of the GUI feels like there wasn't much thought put into it."
76561198176320569,Not Recommended,325600,23514822,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,miqzie,I sooo want to edit the game screen shots on the game page with a pink box in the middle of the screen becasue that's what I see after the June 1st patch. I can't play this game until they fix it! Nice testing programers :/
76561198078374761,Recommended,325600,18693110,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,MadMage999,"I enjoyed this game very much, it reminded me a bit of the old baldur's gate era RPGs, story-wise. I'd rather have D&D 3.5 rules, but I still had a great time. Enough that I played it through twice with two different characters.I don't usually write reviews, I'm not a pro at reviewing, I'm just giving my opinions, here."
76561197982423250,Recommended,325600,18969614,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,EdgeCrusher,"A shaky beginning, but on it's way to being a fine game with a ton of potential and promise.To be honest I was a little bit dissapointed  by the game in the very beginning.  It was everything I was expecting. The graphics are good, and overall gameplay is executed superbly for a top-down party based ARPG.   BUT I felt it was quite lacking in some areas, like content.  And the controls seemed a little stiff for my style of keyboard play.   I wasn't happy with the level of flexibility and available content for custom creation.HOWEVER I am VERY impressed with the developers, who have been very responsive to fans, by fixing issues of concerns with the game, stepping up with more added content, and working make the game more player/modder friendly.It is the dedication of it's developers that eventually determine a game's true success in the end.  And the Developers of Sword Coast Legends have shown a commitment to that ideal.  I think SCL is on it's way to becoming a wonderful classic."
76561198014940948,Recommended,325600,33935097,Posted: 31 July,all,ysleen,"This could have been a downvote as this game has maaaany issues :-Very generic writing, nothing epic, lot of back and forth quests, companions stories almost untouched except simple FedEx quests : if it hadn't been with the ""D&D"" brand and some name-dropping nice to remember, the world would be quite dull-Several interface and menus issues : for different actions, you spent way much time within menus, submenus, etc., not user-friendly at all-Music feels completely generic too, as if simply bought in a typical ""fantasy classics"" music sound bank-No craftingBUT...-Well, you have some D&D reminders here and there-Voice-acting, outside of being given not enough texts, barks and else (cf not developped companions above), is quite fun and well played-Combat is between ""meh"" and somehow niceI would recommend this game only to RPG-core fans that don't have enough of regular dose (as me :), but it's between disapointment and Proust's madeleine."
,Recommended,325600,23174325,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,marjaal,"Five hours into this game, and I am really enjoying it.  I've play both Baldurs Gates and both Icewind Dales, and while it reminds me of all these games, I feel it plays smoother and better...Give it a chance..."
76561198062377038,Recommended,325600,18633776,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Blueclone1,I love this game. (remember that it is a VIDEO GAME not actual table top dnd)And I am shure that it is more fun with a friend.
,Recommended,325600,19824175,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,HighPlains Drifter,"Where to start ? Well first off I do enjoy the game, it's fun, it's got random dungeon crawling, it's got D&D flavor and inspiration...However, if you are looking for a redo of Never Winter Nights 1 or 2, it's not here. But that's not completely a bad thing. The best way for me to describe Swordcoast Legends is ; If Diablo & Baldur's Gate had a baby it would be this game. It's got Diablo style game play, with Baldur's Gate feel & D&D basis.It even has the ability to run a module (like in NwN kind of) with a live DM. And DMs are rated too, which is nice to let you know if the guy is a jerk, or perhaps a hardcore RP'er, or if maybe running a dungeon for fun.So far, it's been a fun game. It's a decent amount of fun with friends, and random players even. If you got the time and the money to spare, the game is fun for the random dungeon crawling alone."
,Recommended,325600,32790252,Posted: 25 June,all,brew,"4 players coop, 1 DM, so much content and hours of fun = 5 people total possible and your imagination.Add me if you want to start playing!"
76561198051236397,Recommended,325600,18666765,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Lobster,"This is a great game! I've mostly played the single player campaign and it was truly awesome! Lots of attention to detail, interesting companions and meaningful side quests. The main storyline was equally compelling and I really enjoyed the graphics (although I expected not to). Did not experience any major bugs. Would recommend it to anyone who liked games like Dragon Age Origins or Neverwinter Nights!I've seen a lot of reviews that didn't do the game justice - it's already earned a place among my favourite games!EDIT: Played for many hours during the headstart weekends, also!"
,Recommended,325600,18659819,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Sane Dell,"It is not what people think it is, but it is a good game. Those who are let down that it is not a new gen baldurs gate or icewindale, im sorry, but be more open minded, just because it is not what you thought it would be, does not mean that it is bad."
76561197969403265,Recommended,325600,18665425,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,SiliconSeraph,"This is a very servicable CRPG with a ton of stuff that gives it high replayablity outside the main campaign. If you get tired of procedurally generated dungeons to run with your friends, the dungeon mastering community should be able to help soon enough.Also in 9 hours of play I haven't run into any stability issues."
76561198010180268,Recommended,325600,18665445,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Iselin,"This game is not perfect - not by a long shot.In the first place they chose to tie themselves to the official D&D brand rather than ""borrow"" D&D elements like Divinity Original Sin and Pillars of Eternity did when they created their own ""original"" systems. As soon as you do that, you're inviting comparisons to the whole D&D enchilada and no matter how many times they say ""based on D&D 5e"" and capitalize or bold that ""based on"" part, there will be those who will nitpick about the parts of 5e that are not included... ultimately all those comparisons, fair or not, are on them for attaching themselves to that brand.Second, the single player solo campaign part of SCL pales in comparison to other similar strategy RPG games from the past year that offer nothing but one campaign (D:OS, Eternity, Wastelands 2) in the number of hours playable in that campaign. It's not meant to be looked at that way because the DM feature is the true meat of this game, you say? Well yes, but that's a fine distinction that will be lost on many casual Steam buyers who buy it for the SP campaign only or mostly.Some of us see the fun in running live DM modules with built-in voice chat and realize that this is the real core of this game. But IMO, we're the minority. Heck, there are tons of people wanting to compare SCL to Diablo as if this was an ARPG... no way many of those will ever be happy with this game.All in all, I personally like this game and am enjoying playing it. Even so, I can't go higher than 6.5 with it although I'l give them the benefit of the release doubt and expect it to get better over time with more class and race additions and better DM tools as time goes on."
76561197968142171,Not Recommended,325600,18803535,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,21Blackjack,"Ignoring any issues you may have with what some people expected the game to be (successor to NWN/Baldur's Gate/Forgotten Realms Adventures), the as of this date, the game is not really release ready, and this is speaking of the single player campaign.In short this game is something of a NWN-Lite/Diablo hybrid, and if you are looking for a D&D Game with some elements of Diablo, (randomized dungeons and loot) as well as elements of NWN (Dungeon Master/Dungeon Creation) then I'd advise to keep an eye on this game for the next 6 months to watch for improvements or additions.The Dungeons are probably this games strongest point, they look good, they have good atmosphere, and the random generator is powerful.  Random loot generation is fun, and the combat has some good ideas behind it, despite it not sticking to the D&D 5.0 rules sometimes.Unfortunately the issues with the game are minor points that gradually build up.  Pathing can be an issue with characters getting stuck, there are no stealth movement animations, some attack animations (crossbows) look as if they were made quickly, and lack the punch of its contemporaries, some of which are over 10 years old.  The UI is workable after messing around with the options menu, but nothing special.  The game sometimes has issues with coding optimization, with some slowdown, especially during transparent particle effects.  Loading time between areas also sometimes seems unneccessarily long.  The lack of a more interactive map showing recent quest givers is also a bit unintuitive.As for the single player game, some of the campaign quests do not reference decisions you've made at all. At one point I crashed the game by completing a puzzle.  But the story, writing and characters seem interesting, and the voice work and music is good.So basically I'd advise a wait and see at this point, check some videos or update notes down the line."
76561197972306680,Not Recommended,325600,19227763,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,jlira3,"Big D&D fan since the late 1970s, played most of the computer games version. I understand that the PC version can't always be simliar or even close to the table top version, but this really butchered up 5th edition rules.  Way over the top OP characters from the gate.  Adventures are ok, text blocks with choices very simliar to old games from the late 80s/90s,, reminds me alot of NWN.Software, not too impressed thus far, lots of crashes and random connection errors.  Have pretty beefy CyberPower gaming setup and this game takes double or triple load time compared to other high graphics games. Big problem with GUI scaling and text reading, Also alt tab doesn't consistently work and there is lag, so some memory issues."
,Recommended,325600,24173566,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Prince Harming,"If you enjoyed IWD, BG, etc.. I'd recommend grabbing it on sale. It's not NWN."
76561197995503132,Not Recommended,325600,23340758,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Garnog,"I am going to have to give this a thumbs down after over 100 hours of play. Why? Because of constant 2GB patches that use up my bandwidth and break something in the game, requiring yet another 2GB patch. Once again, after the latest patch I had to respec all my characters... how many times is this now? Missing items, missing sounds, missing animations... I don't care if it is a 'true D&D' game or not, I just want a game that runs well, is entertaining, and isn't constantly being borked with every 2GB patch. Did I mention every patch is 2GB , whether it adds new content or just a few extra lines of code. Well, that is MY 2 GB worth. My score: Four Unprintable Hearts. Uninstalled."
76561198036971628,Recommended,325600,18741479,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,robowolfhound,"It's sad to see so many negative reviews. I understand that for some,especially those who like hardcore RPGs, why It might be a dissapointment for them. I've only played for a few hours so far,and in that time,the only negatives I can give it so far are a few minor problems like character models clipping through capes. Things I am sure they will fix in future updates,but if they don't,it really wont matter.It seems that the reason some don't like it is because it doesn't comply with a certain set of D@D rules,and I believe them,but for someone like me who has not played any D@D since my table top Middle Earth days a million years ago and the almost total lack of memory when it comes to how it all worked....to my mind so far,it plays really well.This is the first time in a long time that I can say I have played a game for 5 hours straight,(the last was Baldur's Gate I believe,and appart from the fact that I loved that game I can't remember the ""ruleset"" I just remember how hooked I was) hardly progressed through the game so far,but loved every little bit of it.I think this is the first time I have written a review on steam. I have bought a lot of games over the years,but never really felt the need to write a review till now. I think this game deserves a lot more love than it is getting so far."
,Not Recommended,325600,18591934,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Mastuck,"Rolled a Dice for refund! Got it!Why? Well i expected a D&D game from a game that has a D&D stamp on it. Based on the gameplay this has absolutely nothing to do with the classic D&D games like BG, IWD und NWN. What really matters in any RPG game to me is the combat and this system just feels like most games these days. Washed out and simplyfied for a larger audience that doesn't want to be bothered with thinking about builds and choices in character creation and development.Honestly i didn't play it much but a already know that this game is nothing i'd spend 59,99€ on.I'll might buy it as soon as it's on sale for ~30€ with all upcoming fanbase-milking dlcs.The story sounds ok but i didn't want to risk playing more than 2 hours for the sake of refunds.If you want... something... playing in the D&D universe and have at least one person to play it coop, pick it up as soon as it's on a big sale. Otherwise just buy BG:EE, BG2:EE, IWD:EE. If you already have those... well... i feel your pain.3/10 Because there are no Dragons you can use in the editor... in a Dungeons and DRAGONS game."
,Not Recommended,325600,20594481,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,EasilyTaken,"I was really looking forward to this game.  I had a good time playing it at first, until I got to Luskan and the story felt like it got derailed by a ton of distractions.Things I liked about the game:- It has a good character creation system.  It includes a lot of options, facial customization, subrace, background story, as well as stat modifiers based on most of those choices.- The look of the game is all right.  It's better than it's predecessors.- The music is decent, I liked it.- It conveys the feel of a D&D game well.- Despite distractions, the story is neat.  I like the idea of it and it compels me to continue playing in spite of all my other complaints.Things I didn't like about the game:- It has some pretty severe optimization issues for a lot of people, myself included.  I can't run the game at anything higher than the lowest settings due to the game overheating my card.  My card normally runs at around 55-60C with any other game, but somehow this game has managed to push my card to temperatures exceeding 80C.  I'm hoping this gets   fixed in the future.- There is no easy way to get details about creatures you are fighting.  No right-click -> Examine functionality.  The closest you can get to this functionality is to use the journal and try to locate the enemy in the bestiary, and some creatures are missing from this screen.- The camera won't zoom in enough for you to be able to see the facial customizations you made at creation.- The camera often locks you into very awkward angles preventing seeing things on the ground.  There are many times where the camera hard-locks me into a top-down view without letting me zoom to see smaller items on the ground.- There is no setting to increase the rotation speed of the camera, making that a bit of a chore as well — the camera just needs a lot of love.- Interacting with any NPC zooms and locks in your camera as though it were an important story aspect.- Dragging abilities to the power bar has an unexpected delay– you have to hold the mouse down for a second in order to move anything around, which doesn't really make sense when you are in the skill menus; I could understand such functionality while in combat, but this is a 100% of the time deal.Overall, it's an all right game with lots of issues which will hopefully eventually be resolved.  I think my biggest problem with it is that I can't stop myself from comparing it to the original Neverwinter Nights series, which was excellent in so many ways.  It leaves me wishing that the original engine could just be modernized and expanded.I'm still going to play it to completion because the story is interesting.  However, I would not currently recommend this game to anyone I know.  Maybe eventually, but not currently."
76561198057998141,Not Recommended,325600,22157619,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,M. Salt,Sad to admit but this was a disappointment. It could have been something but in its current condition its not much. Only time will tell if this game would be resurrected or remain buried.
76561198281011254,Recommended,325600,21160465,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,mrswargame,I wasn't sure if this was going to interest me but it's great and I look forward to game night.
76561198085705184,Recommended,325600,34117249,Posted: 8 August,all,thundersoul97,"My opinion is that this is the best RPG game (video game even) since Baldur's Gate.It is in essence very similar to BG, and I am loving it. There are a few things here and there that are bothering me which are not the same (e.g. can't go up and down the stairs in random houses like you could in BG (aka limited inner exploration), area exploration is mostly linear, map is poorly designed, only 4 party members, different D&D rules, etc.), but that's OK.No game has come close to re-create the awesome experience I had as a kid playing BG; this game came 2/3 of the way, maybe even 3/4!. :)The biggest issue I have about this game is party management / camera scroll, with emphasis on camera scroll. You should have been able to scroll the camera by moving the mouse cursor to the edges of the screen!Anyway... It's the little things, you know?"
76561197989648026,Recommended,325600,20867201,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,kagenightshade,"Though I haven't finished the game yet, I've been pretty entertained thus far. It blends a little of Neverwinter Nights and a little Dargon Age to create game that isn't strictly either, and at least for me it proves an enjoyable blend. The combat mechanics don't try to direclty simulate DnD rules in its entirity, wich in my mind is a good thing as DnD rules were never meant for direct translation into a computer game. In Sword Coast Legends your characters all gain various abilities you purchase with points gained by leveling up, and most abilities are on a cooldown timer, or otherwise grant some passive bonus. Battles are largely about timing those abilities and knowing how they synergize with each other, combined with prioritizing your targets. Some fights can become challenging if you don't make the best use of your abilities, and if things feel to easy you can raise the difficulty and also select options that reduce some of the game's more friendly combat features like the ability to stablize dying companions in combat. Overall I found fights just challening enough to be stimulating, kind of like Dragon Age: Origins, if not quite as intense.The story is alright so far. I haven't finished the single player campaign yet so I can't judge all of its components, but the main plot is serviceable if a tad basic. I found its strength so far to mostly be the party members who journey with the character I've made, as each has a fairly distinct personality and background that I've enjoyed learning through chats at the camp and doing their side-quests, and they have entertaining banter as we adventure around. Heck, they've been more memorable than most the characters in the first Neverwinter Nights, none of which I can remember except for the kobold bard Deekin.Both graphics and audio get the job done without really having anything that stands out. The music neither inspires nor grates, the graphics show me what needs to be shown without wowing me, and the voice acting is... actually rather decent, overall. So no offense here.If I level any major complaints towards the game its the lack of overall roleplaying options in a roleplaying game set in what is arguably DnD's mot well known setting. Yes you got dialouge options, and can sometimes use your stats to persuade or intimidate an NPC, I never got the feeling I was able to define my character beyond basic responses. The dialouge options available to your character are just kind of limited and dry, and more than that there's little in the NPC dialouge that makes you feel like they're talking to your distinct character. For example, I rolled up a drow fighter, because its Forgotten Realms and if I'm not going to make a Drizzt clone then what's the point of Faerun even existing? Joking aside, I was disapointed there was zero dialouge or respone to my drow character actually being a drow. In fact *spoiler tag for main storyline* one of the characters your encounter and work with eventually reveals himself to be a drow, which your party treats like a big betrayal of trust, accusing him of lying and basically calling him a dirty drow... all the while I'm standing there, drow as a demonic spider orgy, and none of them had responded to that fact once the entire story.So, yes, the story could've used some expansion to include more roleplaying options, but other than that, I've had fun.7/10, will keep adventuring as a dirty drow that apparently has the world's most clever disguise of wearing a helmet."
76561198076757867,Recommended,325600,28897650,Posted: 1 January,all,Damyel,Sword Coast Legends is a CRPG that is based in the Dungeons and Dragons 5th edition rule set. Combat is real time with pause and function almost exactly like Baldurs Gate and Icewind dale. Pick a race and a class (Some are missing like dragonborn and barbarians) but regardless it's serviceable. The plot centers on the guild of the Burning Dawn and their fight with another guild the Gilded Eye. The main plots aright but I really enjoy the party members writing and their pretty solid voice acting.Verdict: Pick it up on sale. It's never gonna replace actually ordering pizza and playing D&D with ya boys on a Friday night but if you are in need of a CRPG fix you could do worse than Legends.
76561198013721985,Recommended,325600,18775787,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,rumjit_bokum,"8/10This is an early impressions review, based on the single player campaign, not on the DM mode etc which I have yet to try. I will write more when I finish the game.I am VERY surprised to read the negative feedback the game has garnered on steam and online, because I am really, really enjoying this! Its not technically astounding, nor does it push the envelope of what one expects from a CRPG , but so far, for me, this is the closest a high fantasy game has come to Baldur's Gate 2 (The high water mark for CRPGs, IMHO), and I am enjoying SCL more than highly rated games such as Divinity or Dragon Age. It is also better than the first Baldur's gate, or the Neverwinter nights games."
76561198049598445,Not Recommended,325600,27341972,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,robert.seiberlich,I bought the game a while back and played till level 20. I recently came back and now there is a big pink box across the screen that many people are experiencing and there is no fix for it so the game is basically trash. They actually increased the minimum requirements with a patch after many people bought it. We deserve refunds.
,Not Recommended,325600,22166636,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Spelmyst,"Little to no character developement. You will become bored within a few hours, I did."
76561198012271266,Not Recommended,325600,23617177,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Simeter,Do not Buy. The orginal devolpers went out of Buissness without deliverying what they promised and that is okay. The new team though has made the game unplayable for most people and refuses to do anything about it. Do not buy it is not worth any amount of Money.
,Recommended,325600,20713103,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,SolaFide,"So long as you take it for what it is, a good mix of tabletop D&D and more modern/approachable pc based RPG's it's a really solid game.I do feel there are occasional balance issues and limitations but overall a very positive experience so long as you don't try make it something it's not."
,Recommended,325600,20738518,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Zac Starfire,"I've played everything D&D from Pen & Paper, to DOS D&D Games, Pools of Radiance, Baldur's Gate, Temple of Elemental Evil, Neverwinter Nights, to D&D Online, from Basic rules to this 5th edition rule set.I really like Sword Coast Legends as well. It reminds me a lot of the old school games like Baldur's Gate. The graphics could be a bit better, but you don't really play this genre of games for the graphics.If you enjoy the same games I have, you should enjoy this one as well."
,Recommended,325600,20170701,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Jaizek,"Why the Mixed reviews?I'll tell you why, it's not mainstreamed. They tried something new and some things work and some things don't, BUT... They are working at fixing some of it. One of the biggest flaws i've heard people complain about is the lack of customization with DM mode when it first came out. Another was it's not HARDCORE to the PnP rule set. I guess people like myself and the many friends I play it with just are able to look passed those things as with the first 2 Community Patches they have added SO MUCH conent to the dm crafting and there is more beeing added consistantly. They already have ALLOWED MODDING, so the Modding community will change the things these whinners are complaining about. As far as rulesets go, this is one of the more enjoyable d&d experiences I've had.I'm Going to focus on the Negatives for a moment as to what I beleive are the worst. I had a hard time getting passed level 5 as I felt it was going slow. I hate the current single player AI, they are just plain stupid. They could really add in the old BG AI system or Dragon Age AI system with spells and health and such.I waited till the free weekend to try it out and I am very happy i gave it a shot. I read soooooooooooooooooooooo many bad reviews and watdched a bunch of gameplay footage on youtube and I was like... where are these bad reviews coming from. So trying it myself and leaving the reviews where they belong(in the trash) I started my journey in the Sword Coast Legends. First thing I did was played for about 18 hours. Then I some how convinced my brother and friend to give it a shot. Within 2 hours we were having a Blast. I've now 200 hours invested in the game and I wanted to write a review as I would say about 70% of the bad reviews come from people with Locked profiles or only 2 hours max in game, lots even 5 mins....... (Thats saying a lot about the review you are getting)The DUngeon Master Module building is jsut awesome. I've invested over 65 hours into 1 module of my series. I didn't realize how much fun it would be to build a story how I want to tell it. And the excitement to play it is just awesome sharing it with friends. Adding in my own mobs, names and humor that my friends will enjoy as well as other.Sure it needs work, needs more options, need more features in dialog and commands, but those things are coming. New tiefling race already coming and a class to go with it, so they are bringing more and more content out.Just do me a favor and if you don't buy it now, if and when there is another free weekend, Definatly Give It A Go and I know you will or atleast most of you who keep questioning it Will Love It.I give it a 8.5 outta 10 atm, but as more content and features are added my rating will only go up.  IF you would like anymore info you can usually catch me onhttp://www.twitch.tv/jaizekAs i have been streaming the building of my module and explaining things to others. Its a Great supposrtive community.Hope to see you in game.Cheers"
,Recommended,325600,18730450,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Neoh,Were you out there waiting for diablo 3 like a dog waiting for a steak ? I was. And after 2 weeks i quit playing d3. My whole life ive been looking for a good coop game in an immersive ambiance. This game was it. I Don't care how many bad reviews this game has. Most of em are d&d geeks who were seeking for a table rpg system that would give them friends to play with. I'm a d&d fan and don't care if this game has not much to do with d&d. It's still an excellenet game to play solo or with friends. Plus there seem to be a growing module system wich will probably allow other game mode with your characters. I'll be playing this game for a long time. definitly worth buying. And to every one saying there is no strategy in this game.... TRY THE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME BEFORE SAYING SUCH THINGS. iF THERE IS NO STRATEGY THEN YOU ARE WRONG. ACTUALLY THERE IS STRATEGY YOU JUST HAVE TO MAKE IT YOUR SELF......... DAMN NOOBS
76561198218337693,Not Recommended,325600,22383113,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,apatnella,"I wanted to like this game but in the end, it was a disappointment.Honestly, it looked really good on preview, but there's just so much wrong with it.I am sorry it is nothing like promised."
76561198151730195,Recommended,325600,18675813,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,asupple,"Just finished a few days of SCL, about half way through the main quest.  Sadly, it's not a great game, but it is fun for those who like the Forgotten Realms setting and Lore.  The story is a little vanilla, the characters lack that sparkle from previous games and the number of classes and races are very limited.  However, it has that Forgotten Realms vibe, along with some cheeky and knowing humour which reminds me of BG2.  Additionally, for once, the wizard and cleric character and ability trees are really interesting, perhaps even a little over powered.  You do get to chuck a lot of spells about as your fighter just sits around sucking up the heat.The two biggest problems to date are loadng times between places and very uninteresting loot.  These can be easily fixed.Not a DM, so can't really comment on that stuff.If you like a bit of single player rpg action, this isn't a bad bet to while away 40 hours in a familiar way.  It just isn't the game everyone was hoping for - Neverwinter Nights 3."
76561198173282118,Recommended,325600,33981408,Posted: 2 August,all,adam.m.jcbs,"I don't know why this game has mixed reviews.  It's an excellent D&D party-based RPG, as fun as Baldur's Gate and similar games.  If you like such games, I recommend this one."
76561198028350033,Recommended,325600,24317454,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,ChronoX,i have no idea why this is getting such bad reviews. i think it's a decent rpg albeit a bit short.
76561198042132716,Recommended,325600,19272847,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Kaaz,"Really enjoying the game atm, the campaign is solid and the module building / DM tool side of it is getting improvements all the time.It does still need some extra stuff to the module building side for playing without a DM (scripting comes to mind) but they are working on all sorts of additions and the devs seem passionate about improving the game for the better.If you would like a DnD experience closer to the 5e rules there is a mod that alters a lot of the numbers to give a closer experience to the 5e ruleset. If your just looking for the general DnD feel then your good with the base game in my opinion."
76561198005378379,Not Recommended,325600,19779952,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Leonhast,"I very rarely write reviews. I was very much looking forward to this game as I spent hundreds of hours with Neverwinter Nights and its editor and what it offered concerning player-made modules, persistant worlds etc.I love the Sword Coast setting, I like Dungeons and Dragons and I love computer RPGs.But ... I have stopped preordering most games a long time ago, so I waited until release and what I heard and read simply was not good enough to make me buy SCL.So the free weekend was a good opportunity to form an opinion of my own.It was not a good start: a game on steam offering a free weekend and still requiring an extra account besides Steam? Not good. Made me leave the game alone for a couple of hours until curiosity won over ... What might I be missing?So I created an account and went to character creation.- Really? You're calling this a D&D game and I can only create ONE character for the party, the rest is forced on you? And the choices in creation are extremely limited.On into the game. Graphics ... well ... they are not that important to me (after all, I'm still playing Baldur's Gate 2 from time to time ... or Planescape Torment), but they certainly are not great.- Combat is atrocious in my opinion. Not enough strategy, not enough skills, party members with full health bar are dead a fraction of a second later.- Quests / story: While others say it's not too bad or even good, I did not find it particularly engaging. The first steps in the story, the first quests are so cliché I thought they were left behind in the last century.Taking a look at the editor ... that's a joke, right? Not really enough options, not really enough freedom to create ...All in all: Definitely not enough there to make me spend even $20."
76561198013622319,Not Recommended,325600,19767729,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,ishKiia,"I have never been more anticipitory and yet so disappointed in a release.. ever in my gaming career since the early 80s. Maybe my high expectations and putting this game on a pedistal ahead of time set them up for a failure in my eyes... and that is not their fault.   it's like this game was made for griefers by griefers. Here are a few of the biggest problems I see are this:1. When you claim to do the GM/DM side of things you need to give them a set of viable tools and functionality.  The ability to hault play for story not make it a half arsed GM toy and a mmo that takes the power out of the GM's hands.  I will have to say though, it's about half way there, and a lot of pluses as well. For example, the GM ability to take over bosses.  Though it's still a bit buggy on doing it even now.  Also, to be fair, in other areas the GM has too much power in that they can place traps etc in a palce two seconds before they get there... This doesn't seem fair either without the ability to force a stop for whatever reasons, mechanics, story, etc.2. you don't have enough content in teh darn game to play without a GM without having to crfeate your own dungeons on the fly.  that's cumbersome and definitely spoiler for every time you play.3. Loot issues... if you are going to make this a hairy cairy mmo event, at least distribute loot.  ranged people are screwed.  random parties are chaos because there is nothing to keep one person from going ahead and leaving others behind.  they run ahead in a maze they know, kill a boss or sneak, take the loot.There are a few good things I can think of that don't get overshadowed by the crap....true to D&D rules for character building for the most part.  And I like the fact that you can keep leveling up your character no matter which games you play and with whome.  This game has a LOT of potential and I hope the devs keep working on it, but it definitely wasn't worth the 60 bucks I paid for it to get the DM version.. the perks are a farce and pretty well useless with how things are set up.   I advise waiting till they hopefully come out with some improvements.People don't like my review? suck it up, I can have my opinion and express it freely.  I've done enough reviews that I expect trolls, but nasty comments will be deleted."
76561197960523273,Recommended,325600,18747335,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Nic,"please let us disable the other party member to allow solo. fighter is best dps by too far, need only a bit of tweaking to make this game awsome!"
76561198007661388,Recommended,325600,18694848,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,max274,I absolutely love this game so far.  I have only  played (to date) part of act I.  The only feature I would like to  see an improvement on is module creation.  Currently your only limited to tile sets that were used in the game.  You have no real control of deminsional aspect of generating your on module.  Monsters placement is limited.  Why not a whole representation of all the monsters in DnD?  Basically the module creator needs a ton of work.  I would like to be able to create an actual digital representation of all of the DnD modules that are out there.  That would be great.  Other than that so far so good.
,Recommended,325600,18783886,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,[U]Geek,"Closest experience to NWN you'll get with modern graphics and 5e abilities. Current development plan looks promising as well, many more subclasses available starting in Nov. More DM tools and tilesets coming in free patches over the next several weeks."
76561198090964575,Recommended,325600,19118773,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,#sism3t,"If you liked AD&D games like ""baldur's gate"" or ""icewind dale"" or ""neverwinter"" , then you could like this also, don't take it wrong , this is not by far reaching the height of those other games, but it's an ok-ish game if you're a fan of the genre."
,Not Recommended,325600,18604772,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Chronos,"The game is fun enough, but it's really just a poor version of Divinity: Orinigal Sin, which I highly recommend. The full action combat also makes it feel like a mediocre version of Diablo. Either way, your time and money are best spent elsewhere if this is the kind of game you want. Go buy Divinity Orinigal Sin, it's fantastic."
76561198052829025,Recommended,325600,18720121,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,wholegrazer,"I really never review games, but seeing some of the negative reviews for SCL, I felt compelled to give my 2 cents.Looking at this game objectively, it is easy to see that the majority of negative reviews stem from individualist expectations of what players perceive the game SHOULD have been.  The nomenclature ""Dungeons and Dragons"" is not to be thrown around lightly when fans are as passionate about the subject matter and gameplay style as DnD fans have proven to be.  Few negative reviews have pointed out anything beyond the fact that the game is not NWN 3.  I do not believe that this was the intention of the developers as much as it was the HOPE of the gaming community.The old Infinity Engine and NWN games are among my favorite PC games of all time, but that being said, I still found much enjoyment in SCL.  Without these legendary games to serve as a basis of comparison, I feel Sword Coast Legends would have received much higher praise from the gaming community.  It has an enjoyable single player campaign, with a well fleshed out storyline, great voice acting, and does provide opportunity for tactical, graphically pleasing gaming.  The DM mode is simplistic but has enormous potential if the developers choose to expand upon the concept in future updates.No it is not the spiritual successor of NWN, but it does serve as an easy to pick up and play experience for those just breaking into the world of DnD and does a great job introducing new players to the lore.  My hope is that the accessability of SCL will attract new interest in DnD, growing the future demand for games based on this liscense, much as Baldurs Gate Dark Alliance 1 and 2 did years ago.8 out of 10 with room to grow.  Don't drink the haterade."
76561198060492691,Recommended,325600,18677405,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,✪ Kaz,"I have been in all the Head Starts and have been building campaigns and playing campaigns only (no story mode yet). At this point I really enjoy the game and the capability of creating and telling a story of your own creation. With the release I was very disappointed for two reasons. 1) I was expecting more outdoor areas. 2) I was expecting a ton more monsters.Now, don’t get me wrong! There are a ton to choose from with monsters and objects. More than enough to create some really cool campaigns. Also, everyone needs to realize that N-Space has said that they will be patching in other items as well as providing some DLC to expand the library.In all this is a fun game to play with friends and I would suggest grabbing a copy. In my opinion, the mixed reviews are a result of unmet expectations or ideas of how the game should be. When you let the community in and voice their opinion, which is what NS has done, you get a million opinions. That is a whole can of worms that I wouldn’t want to mess with. But, NS wants to continue refining the game to make it better and better. Shaping it into something the community desires.I appreciate that."
76561198049562649,Recommended,325600,18938182,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,最高二号位,"forget all that DND rules! this is a great game, I love it!"
,Recommended,325600,18882309,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,×Gamer★Senpai×,"●▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬●×°×★Summary Review★×°×Overall Rating:★★★★☆ [4/5]Story: ★★★★☆Co-op: ★★★★☆ (will improve with future bug fixes)Gameplay: ★★★★☆ (will improve with future bug fixes)DM/Modules: ★★★☆☆ (improvements promised by Devs)My recommendation? If you enjoyed Baldur's Gate and/or NWN you'll probably enjoy this. Buy it!●▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬●×°×★Detailed Review★×°×First off, I want to address all the negative reviews as it may be a bit misleading to those of you on the fence, wondering if you should buy SCL or not. I've read a LOT of these negative reviews and most of them are full of misinformation. This is due to a few things: Either they didn't play long enough to realize that the features they wanted actually do exist, they were unaware that the Developers have promised these features to be released in future updates, or had unrealistic expectations of the game. Any review that says SCL is a ""diablo clone"" should be ignored. They don't know what they're talking about.Yes, the module making is currently lacking in features, that's true. That being said, I've played some outstanding player made campaigns with incredible roleplaying aspects to it. It's all because of their imaginations. They used their experience with tabletop D&D to fuel the stories for their campaigns and I, the player, was totally immersed into it. It is unrealistic to expect a computer to be able to predict everything a player is going to do. That's why you need a human being in the role of a DM. It's not the system's fault that your module sucks, it's your lack of imagination and dedication.Bugs and system errors are already being worked on by the developers. They are listening to the player's feedback and have an honest desire to shape this game into something we all enjoy. For a small team of people, their effort has restored my faith in game developers. They're actively responding to forums, addressing bugs, and working to improve upon existing game mechanics. You wanted Necromancy? It's coming soon. You wanted mod support? Released in December. You want more classes? They're working on it. Seriously, there are so many developers out there making millions, if not billions of dollars who don't give a flying fsck about you as a player. That's not the case with these guys. They deserve some time and patience to prove themselves.The Story mode campaign can be played single player or co-op, which is great! I love co-op in any game. And with a 30hr+ main questline you'll get your money's worth even if that's all you do. And there's loads of side quests to keep you 100%-ers busy for a while. It's a compelling storyline with interesting characters. I have a pretty low tolerance for sh*tty plots, so if I could play it all the way through it's gotta be worth something!The gameplay is fun and easy to get into, especially for veterans of Baldur's Gate. Now, it's not dyed-in-the-wool D&D ruleset, abilities are cooldown based instead of uses per day, and as an avid Wizard player, it's nice to be able to blast away without worrying about blowing my load too early in a fight. All the basics are there, Wizards nuke or crowd control, Fighters are badasses in platemail, Rogues explode monsters with epic sneak attacks, and Clerics are still the gods of healing power. There are four (4) members to your party; in singleplayer mode the other three (3) can be chosen from an ever expanding roster of characters which you encounter throughout your journey. You can choose their abilities as they level up, and you can even take them with you on Dungeon Crawls or player made modules. All in all a solid design.The toolset for module making is lacking in its current state and nowhere near the variety that Neverwinter Nights had; however, the Developers have already acknowledged this and are working to improve it. But as I've said before, this lack of functionality can be overcome with some imagination and dedication.In the end, whether this game is good or not is up to you. Everyone is entitled to their own opinion, and my opinion is that this is a really fun game and totally worth the buy. (b^_^)b"
76561198012962211,Not Recommended,325600,19046799,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Tallowhand,"Really wish I hadn't let my eagerness overwhelm my common sense, because pre-ordering this was a mistake. It's a slow, clumsy, cluttered resource hog with unpredictable and unreliable AI and what seems to be its own form of always-online DRM. This game is influenced more by Diablo III than the ""Baldur's Gate"" or ""Icewind Dale"" games (or even Diablo I or II) and that's absolutely not a compliment. The graphics are pretty disappointing, especially given how many resources it devours. The classes and races are extremely limited (they're probably reserving the rest for DLC) -- Fighter, Cleric, Wizard, Rogue and Halfling, Human, Dwarf, Elf were it, if i recall -- and the mechanics are more ""MMO"" than ""RPG.""Also, each sex has only four voice options, which are the same regardless of race; so your Dwarf Cleric may sound exactly like someone else's Human Fighter who may sound exactly like that other player's Elf Wizard. It feels EXTREMELY limited, yet oddly overstuffed. I actually wound up giving up and uninstalling it halfway through the first chapter, just because it felt like I was playing in molasses with only a third of the game I wanted to play.I will say, it has beautiful music and a solid (if predictable) story in the single-player campaign, with pretty great voice-acting and reasonably robust character *face* customization!"
76561198216797767,Not Recommended,325600,19472407,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,will,"Read the mixed reviews, and had to try it for myself to see, because it sounded like a compelling game.  But alas, I found it: very simplistic interaction/combat, frustrating things like only 1 save game slot and can't skip through dialogues.  My takeaway ended up being, why play this when there's games like divinity and pillars I could be playing?  Thank you, for the ability to try it and refund if not up to par!"
76561198032930206,Recommended,325600,20976171,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,martin.karlin,"it is a game wide promise, but it's not quait there yet, most likely do to an all to early rellise. Still a game to enjoy even in it's current state."
,Not Recommended,325600,20388737,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Tinball13,This games sucks♥♥♥♥♥  Devs released it way too soon.   Not very D&D at all.  Terrible spell/tech tree.  Combat is so fast and is a joke.  DM mode complete waste of time as well.  Horrible release.
,Not Recommended,325600,20448989,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Pyronix,I bought this game to play a wizard. Turns out wizards are severely weak due to enemy HP scaling. K.
76561198033599684,Recommended,325600,20969569,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Klawicky,"I'm a huge fan of rpgs, haven't tried any of the DM stuff, but my first play through was a blast.  Looking forward to playing through again with a different class/build.   Two thumbs up for me."
76561198193625783,Not Recommended,325600,20266104,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,emerge2012,"Purchased this game during the recent half off sale and can honestly say it's only worth the $20 if you highly value a one time story playthrough.Pros+Decent overall graphics+Brings back memories of the oldies in the genre+Randomized dungeons for quick online gamesCons-Hair graphics are from 1995-Starting power in the game is basically zero. You'll get wrecked by goblins 1 on 1.-Abilities are absolutely useless compared to auto attacks-Items are completely out of control. Zero cooldowns and 75%+ action speed increases later on.-All of the broken items can be put into a chest for your other characters to use. So lvl 1 with the best gear possible.-DM mode is weak.-Mod building is even weaker. It's 90% random even though ""you build it""The one real plus this game has going for it is a decent story mode. But really, it's just decent though the playthrough might be worth your $20. Other than that though it's pretty much a train wreck. As stated before the abilities are useless compared to auto attacks for all classes. Later on in the game (character levels) you'll get a plethora of items that give you ""cooldown reduction %"" so that your ability cooldowns are no longer 20 seconds to 6 minutes (yes 6 minutes for a couple abilities that are bad). In fact you can get 100% cooldown reduction so that you don't have any! Sounds great but the only abilities you'll use are the ones that bolster your auto attacks. For reference I have a lvl 20 fighter that uses a super pimp longbow, gets 5 attacks per round, has zero cooldown on abilties (so infinite +50% action speed), +75% action speed from items, and crits on something like 6-20. So that's basically 11 attacks per round that almost always crit. And you can do this with any class. Quite literally nothing can stand in front of you for more than about 2 seconds.But why can't anything stand up to that? A sly mod builder could certainly build to counter your uber character right?No. The mod building system is supremely gimped. Nearly everything is randomized and you can't even control what kind of equipment/ability scores the monsters/npc's will have. Mod builders are basically forced to make vanilla characters. This lack of authority stretches to other areas of mod building as well; can't put specific items anywhere. It's all random.tl;dr - You start off pathetically weak and end up godly within less than 30 hours with absolutely no reason to continue playing."
76561197972768126,Not Recommended,325600,20459869,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,GUsurg,maybe when its $10 with a friend
76561197979313744,Recommended,325600,33568865,Posted: 15 July,all,Hypa,"Do not compare this game with D'n'D classic like BG, ID, NWN... It's just a game in Forgotten Realms setting. And its pretty nice and enjoyable."
76561198017330924,Not Recommended,325600,22042414,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Tiberius,"As you can see from my hours on record I have played this game a lot and enjoyed it.  Like nearly every other review I will start with this games does not feel the least bit like 5th Edition.  There is no multi-classing, no warlocks, etc.It is fun to play with friends.  Making your own dungeons and quests is ok, dungeon/quest creation could definitely use some love as it's pretty bleak when it comes to allowing you creativity of adding monsters and villians.I cannot give it a thumbs up solely because it has virtually nothing resembling 5th edition except you pick a background as part of character creation.  That's about the extent of the 5th edition to this game.  So due to calling it 5th ed when it is what it is I feel cheated.  The game is ok, but I don't like deceptive marketing."
76561198041557926,Recommended,325600,18764495,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,crunkor,"This game is thoroughly enjoyable with a solid, friendly community base. The story mode is well written, reasonably voice acted and engaging.However - this is not a D&D system game. It's got familiar looking mechanics and ability names, but the 'inspired' in their claim that the game is inpsired by 5th ed D&D is very much the operative word.Once you get past that what you've got is a brawler that is fast-paced, easy to digest and with the option of cranking the difficulty right up. Pure win, if you ask me. The campaigns I've sampled seem pretty good and range from 'dungeon crawl plus' to 'book in game form,' so lots of variety.The extra tileset in the deluxe content is pretty cool, but I'm not sure that it justifies the money. The extra gear is also nice but not essential.TL;DR: get the norm version. Get over that it's not D&D and you'll have fun."
76561198072644488,Recommended,325600,20269126,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,old blood eye,"Overall SCL is a good game. Yes, it has a few ""challenges"" that could stand some improvement, but they are not total game breakers unless you choose for them to be. SCL has three different game ""types"" within two distinct game modes. You are either a player or a DM within the main story, a user-created campaign, or an in-game generated dungeon cawl. All of these game types can be open to the public or private parties for friends. The game installs with plenty of content and choices to keep you busy for quite a while, with more to be delivered soon.While many players and reviewers lament that SCL is not the second coming of Neverwinter Nights, there is no doubt in my mind that the game can achieve a status similar to that legendary title.My recommendation is thumbs up.~"
76561198004725349,Not Recommended,325600,23442285,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,overlord.enki,"I have been playing this game and while I did have some fun with it, the one major major game breakers for me is losing my loot in the guild chest.  Items just disapear.  This game is heavily loot oriented.  I should not have my time wasted because your company refuses to fix this.  I have been reading up on this and the bug still exists since last year.  A bug like this is extremely annoying.  More so because of the way encumberance works.  But i guess since I bought the game im a sucker.To people who want to get a great game.  Avoid this garbage and pick up dragon age inquisition or pillars of eternity."
,Not Recommended,325600,19951156,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,bored_geek,"This is a game I'd really like to recommend; but having put in several hours I no longer want to play it and will not be finishing it. It boils down to a combination of incredibly clunky interface, and lack of flavor in the setting. The game itself is fine, but pales in comparison to older titles (Arcanum, Baldur's Gate, Neverwinter Nights, Planescape Torment, or Dragon Age: Origins) both in terms of enthralling combat and engaging story.Gameplay:- Interface is clunky (especially equipment/shopping)- Camera controls aren't that great; can only click to move- Combat is so fast that the AI is in control of most characters most of the time, and the AI isn't particularly good- Spell variety is limited- Load times feel like a big wait- Quests are simultaneously too simple (go get an X) and too vague (where do you get an X? wander around the area until you wind up in the right place)Storyline:- Backstory for characters & places is *extremely* limited- Exposition generally lacking flavor- NPC dialogue is lacking, not full-fleshed characters"
76561198041770350,Not Recommended,325600,20632990,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Medusan,Game only crashed for me. Check some time in the future if it gets Stable. People say you need to tune down settings for it to work. I'm not going to play in a much lower resolution having a GTX760 with 8GB of RAM to run games. This is crap.
76561198057110132,Recommended,325600,18721401,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Mystic586,"So far so good.  I am an old school AD&D computer gamer, and this feels familiar.  It has a few issues, but I like it so far."
,Recommended,325600,21261041,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Tørsryk,"Sword Coast Legends (SCL) received a mixed bag of reviews upon its release; many with fair points of criticism.  In the months since, however, the devs have listened well to the community and have really tackled a lot of the complaints that were raised at the time.  This is not to say the game has been perfected, but it’s come a fair way since October and definitely deserves a positive rating now.  Bear that in mind when looking at reviews of this game here on Steam.As a long time fan of D&D, I want to love this game.  That is not to say that I have walked blindly into this and determined to see only the positives, but I’m glad to say that I really do like what's been created here and it has got a lot of positives about it and a HELLUVA lot of potential.  If the devs remain committed to it throughout 2016 and maybe even beyond, perhaps keeping it up to date with the story seasons of D&D itself and expanding the DM mode, there is perhaps a classic in the making here.  With Pillars of Eternity bringing the cRPG genre back to the fore and Beamdog about to release Baldur’s Gate 1.5, SCL has arrived at a period of resurgence in this genre and, being a D&D product, has a lot to live up to with BG, NWN and ID all as brilliant forebears to this iteration.  Overall, it’s probably on a par with some of the weaker of this group (which is a great achievement in such esteemed company!) but perhaps falling short of the scope and depth of the strongest and not on a par with PoE, but again, this is a great game in its own right.Visually, SCL is a beautiful game with a lovely blend of the artistic style of D&D and a richly detailed fantasy world.  It’s no Skyrim in this regard, but such a comparison is pointless as they are two very different games.  For a cRPG, it is beautiful to play within.  The one annoyance I have is not quite having complete control of the camera and to do so would only enable players to more fully enjoy the amazing world of Faerun as presented here in SCL.  The soundscape is nicely attuned to a variety of settings and ranges from relaxing ambient noise to chilling effects that really enhance the overall atmosphere.  Magic is particularly great, not only to watch but to listen to through an intense battle.  The ferocity and intense action is all the more pervasive with the carnage of battle ringing in your ears!  The music by Inon Zur (BG2, ID2, Dragon Age, Fallout, LOTR: War in the North, need we go on?!?) is brilliant adding yet another layer of atmosphere to a game that is already soaked in it.    Finally, the voice acting is very strong with confident writing shining through the performances which balance the best bits of D&D’s slightly tongue in cheek style with enough dramatic punch to not leave you cringing.The gameplay is quick and simple to pick up with a great variety of personalisation options available to each of your characters and a good deal of skill trees to pick a whole range of useful abilities from.  All of this really nicely echoes the flavour of classic D&D and really enhances the feeling you are playing a digital version of the tabletop game, more so than its predecessors with its more transparent mechanics and intuitive UI.  The party mechanics are simple yet effective and allow you to play as either the whole group or as an individual with your companions following you at the press of the button.  Inventory is shared between the whole party which is a nice little time saver if perhaps a little too over simplified for some.  Now admittedly, whilst SCL is overall  very much simpler than the likes of BG or PoE, it’s not so dumbed down to the point of being overly limiting.  They have struck a good balance here which will probably still annoy the players that want absolute control, but you can never please everyone and what they have achieved is arguably an almost optimal balance that will hopefully please the greatest proportion of players.What I think is the greatest achievement of the game is the feeling of playing D&D 5th edition.  In previous iterations such as BG, ID and NWN, the mechanics were there but felt overwhelming at times and hidden behind a fair bit of maths that would only be truly understood by putting the hours into the games or by a D&D player already familiar with the rules and mechanics.  In SCL, the mechanincs are clearly there but are simple to see, understand and grasp.  This is both a result of the great work by WoTC making 5th edition rules possibly the best yet but also the devs of SCL who adopted and adapted them really well to a video game with subtle changes made where necessary.  It really feels like a digital version of the tabletop RPG at times which, for me at least, is really exciting and satisfying!Finally, DM mode is an exciting return to the module creators of NWN 1 and 2.  Although technically a lot simpler and consequently less powerful, there is an interesting twist with players actually able to DM a game in that they play with and against the players in a spirit not too distant from its tabletop counterpart.  Whilst fun, it is incredibly difficult to create an experience that is anywhere near as deep as the traditional D&D DMing experience.  In my opinion, this is also where the game is the weakest and yet also has the greatest potential.  The limitations upon creating modules are so severe in places that it is truly claustrophobic for creative storytelling and I have found myself working harder to create a story within the confines of the mechanics of DM mode than creating the actual story or events themselves.  The devs, however, have been making efforts to improve and expand the mode with Community Packs, of which 2 have been released to date with a third promised and extra content for the Rage of Demons storyline.  Whether this will truly bring the potential of the module creator to the fore remains to be seen but if it does, it will be incredible.  The strong, cult community that still exists around the NWN module creator to this day is testament to the potential power of that and the deep desire for a quality product in the D&D and cRPG communities."
76561197980381186,Recommended,325600,24244390,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Thoth Amon,"Single Player and Co-op, this is truly a great RPG.  The graphics, sound, voice... very very good.  The gameplay is very fun.  Think of Dragon Age Origins, or Icewind Dale.  The humor is great!  The story is great!  The little touches and details are all well done.  It starts off a little slow, but hang with it and enjoy an epic adventure!"
76561197973918536,Recommended,325600,18715229,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Whispen,"If you're looking for an authentic D&D rules replica ala Neverwinter Nights 2 then this is not the right game for you.  However, the mechanics of the game do ""feel"" like D&D.  I'm already at level 12 and I'm thoroughly enjoying this game.  I get nearly every D&D game that comes out (have been since the 80s) and this is a good game.I'd give it a 7.5 on a scale of 1 to 10.  It's not going to blow your mind like Witcher 3 just did for me, but it's a solid game and I'm quite happy to tear through the main story and will probably give it a replay when they add more classes.The only reason this game is getting mixed reviews is because so many expected Neverwinter Nights 3."
76561198013167592,Recommended,325600,18773736,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Kore,"Fun game that improves upon earlier D&D games of this style.  I am not that far into the story, but so far I am enjoying it.  The story seems rich and immersive.  I would like to see a lot more character customization along with the addition of all the 5th edition classes.  Also, item custimization would be great.  After reading the ""10/30 State of the Game"" post, I have little doubt that the developers will be adding these features in the near future.  One last thing I would like to see, but I am not sure, we weill get this is an expansion of the party size, four seems a little small."
,Not Recommended,325600,22143324,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Fdruid,"Not for me.By reading some reviews, I actually thought this was a more streamlined, arcade oriented version of D&D. Which was a criticism from users. Instead what I got feels too much like Baldur's Gate and all those games, which frankly I never enjoyed and by now I've outgrown.The game has good graphics, though nothing spectacular or special. It does pay attention to detail, and I think it could make an ok multiplayer experience, but it's outside my current tastes. I'd prefer a more hack & slash variant, closer to the Gauntlet remake, but with the customization detail of D&D.So yeah, this is not a bad game and it could be enjoyable if you like the pace and the depth that's in between Baldur's Gate type things and more streamlined things like NWN. Not for me, pace is too slow and detail is a b it too much, I don't feel like investing time right now.I might come back to the game if it's dead cheap in a sale, because I like D&D a lot and there's not a lot of games, buyt currently it's too expensive. So I returned it, a bit sad about it."
,Recommended,325600,20569656,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,trosssc2,"I had very few expectations for this game. For 20 bucks its a great buy.  Thats a round of beers at the bar.I am a total fanboy for this type of game so its really hard to dissapoint. Having said that my only 2 criticisms are:1. I kinda expext any game released in 2015 to feel like its a 2015 game. Meaning the graphics in general feel like 5 years old.  Wich in my case is fine if the story is well told and is kinda what D & D is supposed to be about.  This game definatly tells the story well and has excellent voice overs.2. This is kinda of a critisism for many game developers for this type of game regardless of the specifics of the gameplay and thats that the story fallows a typical path.  Granted its worked for years but I am just board with ending up in the ""Big City"" and solving a murder or some crap.  I know D & D has a vast writing community and it would be cool to see a very different take on the start of a games campaign. Or multiple possible starting stories for each class.At any rate after 20 or so hours into the game I am really getting into it. I love the charactor development and look foreword to playing. For the price I am very happy."
,Recommended,325600,18705397,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,we_todd_id_1,"My primary interest in this game was the ability to create adventures.  From my exploring it, here's the downside- the editor is feature limited.  It would be nice to be able to give specific/custom items and use them to drive quests, and also to be able to do some minor story branching based on actions/decisions of the players, but at this point you can't (at least I haven't figured out where/how).  But here's where I believe the editor really excells-  Once you learn how it works, it does an amazing job in my opinion of producing a basic stage upon which to write an adventure.  It automates things that can be very time consuming and tedius, to the point I fatigued/timed out in editors like Neverwinter's before I ever got very far.  Sword Coast Legends' editor automatically generates environments and sets encouters in them, including placing a boss in the last room of a dungeon if you so choose.  Putting together basic quests is also incredibly simple as it automates 90% of the work in a ""go kill this"" ""go collect these"" or ""kill the boss"" quest.  And you can tweak things from there.  While the editor has only a fraction of the feautres of Neverwinters, it can (at least by my estimates) produce a basic game world in about 5% of the time.  And while D&D purists probably scorn it's simplicity- for the hardcore, a live dungeon master can do things an editor never could.Bottom line- I'm happy to support these guys, and hope they continue to develope its capabilities.  I think the intelligence and automation they've built into the editor's basic assembly process is a significant leap forward in editor abilities, and I believe will set a new standard others will follow."
76561197978155581,Not Recommended,325600,19855185,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Itzalivin,"I tried this game, and I guess I was expecting something that vaguely resembled Dungeons and Dragons. Don't get me wrong; you will love this game if you want an adventurous romp in a role playing environment. The story line is solid, voice acting is great, and the music is fantastic. Just don't go into this thinking that you are getting what the title implies.For game play I would give this a 4 out of 5, but I lowered it because I thought I would be getting something that slightly resembled D&D."
76561198045046876,Recommended,325600,20589893,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,bryancn81,"A wonderfully build game.  The feel and look are very similar to Neverwinter Nights. (Currently fewer class options).  I have played through the main story once and loved it.  Most of the time the treasue was disapointing (but that is consistent with 5th edition rules, which scalled back the power of magic items for game balance).I also like the storage chest shared between my characteres.I have also spent quite a bit of time running dungeon crawls, both solo and with other players and found them are great ways to hack and slash with out needing to worry about quests or time constraints.  Being able to specify what tile set the dungeon uses as well as what monsters and bosses you face are a nice touch.The module builder is severly limited. **Note: I have been a DM for about 3 years and am currently running a 5th Edition DnD campaign.  I have also put many hours into both of the Neverwinter Nights Tool Sets.Compairing the two, it like saying Sword Coast Legends' Tool Set is Elementary School and Neverwinter Nights Tool Set is College.I understand that the reason for the limitations is to retain game balance, but feel that the limitations go too far.  I cannot use an object as a transition point. (Tried using a well to transition into a cave dungeon)  A dm cannot even give specific quest rewards, only a random weapon, armor, or other. ( I wanted to give a specific cloak I saw in the game that gave some fire resistance as an initial quest reward)All in all, it has replay value.  I first played through as a Halfling Rogue and look forward to playing the other classes and races."
,Recommended,325600,20258122,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,bodyinthewater,fun game... good dialogue.  nice characters...  dont get what the complaints are about
76561197980940122,Not Recommended,325600,18607691,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Livefreeordie76,"This game was not what I thought it would be. Forgotten Realms, D&D, and a beautiful looking PC game? I thought the outcome would be nothing short of amazing.Pros:Beautiful game.Great music.Story seems like it would be great to get into.(only played just over an hour)Cons:Extremely boring combat.NOT D&DControls feel clunky.Dungeon Master is not really full control.Seems unfinished IMHO. The Devs could have really had an amazing and beautiful game here. This game might be for some, but not for me. I just didn't feel like playing anymore after an hour. I don't usually review, but I was disappointed in this title and really wanted a game rich in the Forgotten Realms universe to dive into."
76561198057678462,Recommended,325600,19818731,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Cruelcifer,"Good, and getting better. Worth it for fans."
,Not Recommended,325600,20534423,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Dirk,A game for ages 5-12yrs.Gone are the days of Baldur's Gate and Neverwinter Nights.Dissapointed.
,Recommended,325600,19837305,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,bitjetson,I'm not sure why people have thrown so much hate at this game. Maybe they impulse bought and regret their decision based on flawed expectations. This is not D&D Simulator 9000. It's like a blend of Baldurs Gate and Diablo and my friends and I are loving it so far. Really our only complaint is the annoying fade in that everyone gets anytime you talk to NPC's. Otherwise the game looks great and is fun to play. Easily worth $20 (currently 50% off) if you like co-op hack and slash RPGs. I'm happy there was a free weekend because I would have been seriously put off from considering this game based on the over-negative reviews.
,Not Recommended,325600,20719998,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Saint Shaun,"During the hype, I was expecting a Neverwinter Nights game. But because it wasn't, I stopped after the headstart access. Hoping perhaps after some big updates, there might be some improvements.After months of waiting, I decided to give it a second chance.Got a couple of my buddies and started playing the campaign mode.One of us started talking to an NPC.Everyone stops what they are doing and is brought over to listen to this conversation.The moment the conversation ends, a friend wants to sell his items and talks to the Goods Merchant.Everyone stops what they are doing and is brought over to listen to this conversation.The moment the conversation ends, a friend accidentally clicks an NPC.Everyone stops what they are doing and is brought over to listen to this conversation.At this point, we decided, let's just go fight some stuff, maybe it'll be more exciting.We entered combat against some bandits, steamrolled through without any need for positioning or strats.Then we saw a random NPC, and a friend clicks him during combat.Everyone stops what they are doing and is brought over to listen to this conversation.We all quitted the game."
76561198095610678,Recommended,325600,28757553,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Greatot,"This game has a very solid singplayer campaign. The story is engaging and the combat has CDs replacing your usual crpg ""resting"", which, in my opinion, is a brilliant idea and makes combat in such a linear game much more entertaining.Don't be fooled by the large map, the campaign isn't amazingly long or all that expansive. Almost the entire story plays out around the city of Lusken and you only have a handful of companinions to acompany you during it. But for the price it's absolutely worth it. (I haven't finished the campaign yet myself, I don't feel like I'm in the last stages of it either, so it's likely much longer than my 14 hours, possibly 20+)The second part of the game is this weird ""create your own dungeon"" mode. That's where the vast majority of the negative reviews comes from. Apparently it isn't DnD enough or... something, I'm sure you can read plenty about that in the other reviews.But just looking at the single player campaign, this game is very solid and I fully recommend it even at full-price, you won't regret it."
,Not Recommended,325600,18978754,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Mordaken,"I do not feel the need to spend a lot of time on a review, but the simplest way to put it is, if you were looking for a Dungeons and Dragons game, look to the past like Neverwinter Nights, Baldurs Gate, or Planescape: Torment, becuase this is NOT Dungeons and Dragons. This is a game that seems to be developed as something else and then slapped the Dungeons and Dragon skin and name on it."
,Not Recommended,325600,23641047,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Maestro Gradius,"uninspired dungeon crawl rpg with online game-type mechanics such as recharging special abilities and spells. found it more tedious than fun. not for adults who enjoy immersive d&d experiences such as those provided by games such as divinity: original sin and the baldur's gate franchise. i got it for $10 and still feel like i wasted good money. multiplayer may be the only joy you get from this game and that will rely on a fast internet connection. sorry wizards, i can't in good conscience recommend this game."
76561198062062073,Not Recommended,325600,23526251,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Bufus,"The game in itself is good, for both graphics and gameplay, also the storyline is good.But the developers have shown little to no care for their customers: they made a mandatory update that suddenly changed system requirements (graphics card, in this case), and such an update made the game unplayable for many gamers with ""older"" but still respectable graphics cards. When asked for a fix or at least an explanation, devs simply said there was nothing they could do because our GCs were ""obsolete"".N-space and Digital Extremes said goodbye to my future purchases for this little shenanigan of theirs,and I reccomend you keep your money out of their wallets too.Changing requirements mid-game is pure incompetence at least."
76561198022248281,Recommended,325600,18622122,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Barlone,"Its not that bad, but its not what was promisted. I still find it entertaining so I give small thumb up .... choice is yours"
76561198026679624,Recommended,325600,33151233,Posted: 2 July,all,Tomas_Grunwald,"I do not understand, why this game receives so many negative reviews, It is not the best game I've played, but definitely it's quite solid. I didn't try the multiplayer, but I like the singleplayer campaign."
,Recommended,325600,18714147,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Mixylplyx,"This is a fun game for me with some caveats. I didn't come into it with preconceived ideas of what it was going to be; I just heard 'D&D game with random and DM options' and that was good enough for me. It's fun creating characters, rolling with friends or NPCs, trying out different build and strats, and being a murderous DM is a blast. The game is stable and runs smoothly.That said, here come the caveats:- Graphics are fine, just no wow factor- Loot system is horrible with strangers. You only auto-split gold; everything else is a mad rush after combat to grab some loot before the front line grabs it all. I came from LOTRO and am used to a Need/Greed system of splitting loot.- This is not hard-core D&D rules. All spells are like cantrips, in that you can cast a spell as many times as you want, just higher level spells have longer cooldowns. I get why they did that since in other games you effectively have that, you just force your players to 'rest' to get the spells back. In pen & paper, it works, but in video games where you can just load up the last save, forcing players to 'rest' is just silly.- Game balancing needs tweaking. High-level spells should be clearing rooms and one-shotting mobs, but the paladin in the front is going to do more damage than the wizard in the back.- Everything runs smoothly for me with about 15 second load times, but I have a new comp with all SSDs.- Map and camera views take a bit of learning.That said, what I'm mostly excited about is the potential of the game. I know, every game has 'potential' if devs changed things, but all the bones are here for a great creating adventures, just need more + tweaking: more traps, monsters, effects, environments, capabilities, etc. I finished the story, and  in looking at it with DM eyes and dreams of creating my own adventure, some of the things done in the story mode I was very excited about. 'Dream' sequences, puzzles, and  the intricate story lines based on prior actions were very cool. Now, where is my big, rolling, rock trap of death!"
76561198022830567,Not Recommended,325600,23150859,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,mixedlion,"As a fan of crpgs and past D & D games (Baldur's Gate, Temple of Elemental Evil, Neverwinter Nights) I was really looking forward for a return to Faerun. I greatly enjoy any rpg with character creation, so Sword Coast Legends initially felt like a natural fit. Unfortunately, upon playing it was the very opposite.I'll start with the worst of the worst and that's the camera, map, and interface itself. The mini-map is rather unhelpful, with just a bunch of purple dots hinting at *something* but no names or locales come up. Combine this with a rather rigid version of edge-scrolling and the busier locales over-cluttered with abandoned buildings and it just makes exploration feel more like a chore than an adventure. It doesn't exactly help when you've scrolled too far and can't even center the camera back on your party. Arrive in Luskan and you'll know what I mean.Any dialogue, from a minor NPC sentence to visiting a vendor, all stops the game into a 'cutscene'. The transition feels sloppy, especially in comparison with the likes of Baldur's Gate and Pillars of Eternity, where the transition was more fluid. It doesn't help that the game itself is very sluggish to begin with, making even minor sequences aggravating.The combat, put bluntly, is boring. You basically find yourself mashing skills in hopes of the enemy finally dying. It doesn't help that there are no AI tactics to assign (defensive, healing, support, tank) and you either have to 'pause and play', hoping your party doesn't get wiped out by the time you make your next move, or watch as the AI spits out random skills that may or may not help. To be fair the AI DOES seem to pick up on your skillset, so if you have a Paladin with healing skills, sometimes the AI will use them when necessary. However, it's inconsistent.On a more positive note, the music is excellent (as expected from Inon Zur). As is the character generation itself. The inclusion of subraces and details put into the models are pretty decent while backgrounds add more flavor. The concept of each class' trees and skillsets aren't too bad either. I would have liked to see your race/class matter, but most DnD PC/console games pay little to no attention to that, making it more for flavor (and stats) than anything else.The party members and dialogue was actually pretty good. The party members really do have personality although their relationship to the main character does feel railroaded and a bit forced. I did like how they interacted with one another and actually acknowledged each other's existence, feeling more like a cohesive team. The storyline is pretty standard fare (you have nightmares, a big bad threatens all, etc...) so while it's nothing to really write home about it's not necessarily bad either. I did like how the party members felt relevant to the narrative rather than somehow being there for convenience. Sad;y, there is no party creation feature ala Temple of Elemental Evil and NWN2's Storm of Zehir expansion, which is kind of a standard for a good DnD game.Overall though the game feels incomplete. Way too many bugs and poor handling to really enjoy even the main campaign. While I think it's excellent the Rage of Demons DLC and tiefling/warlock classes were added on for free, the game itself really feels like it could use an overhaul. Which is sad too because I really wanted to like this game. I'm still willing to give it another chance should the game get some more work done on it, but as is I honestly cannot recommend it."
,Not Recommended,325600,19275531,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Nighthawk,"When I bought this game I was looking for a good D&D 5 edition video game, but what I got was cheap Diablo Clone.  Limited Character customization and a DM mode that seems to be more of an after thought than a fully flushed out feature, along with bland, uninteresting combat keeps this game from being what D&D fans have been waiting for.  Thank you Steam for your refind policy."
76561198021559677,Not Recommended,325600,21283026,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Malaficus Shaikan,"To discripe this game in one word:Limetations.The story is avarge.The multiplayer is full of rooms with one person in it that never speaks.The classes are similer.There are no skills to master.No diplomacy, intimidation or lore.The race selection is elves, dwarves, humans, half elves, and halfings.No gnome's, yunati, planetouched, etc.Druid arent in the game.There arent any area of effect spells worth mentioning.In fact the entire games feels like you just killing your way through whatever gets in your way.To d&d fans:If you are looking for a dungeons and dragons game this isnt it.I am not a dungeons and dragons fan and even to me it feels like a bad hack and slash with a d&d skin.If you want to buy it because it looks like d&d: dont it isnt d&dIf you want to buy a rpg: this is a hack and slash, no rpg to be found.If you are bored, rich and got nothing to do: Go to the steam store and buy something better.If this hasnt conviced you not to buy this game: sigh, go ahead and buy it.You have already desided that you would."
76561198005695451,Not Recommended,325600,18588048,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Duck,"I really wanted to like this. I've been playing CRPGs since I was a kid, and LOVED all the D&D ones (Baldur's Gates, Icewind Dales) and grabbed this thinking it was part of the new golden age in CRPGs. I was expecting something like Pillars of Eternity, except even more true-to-BG than PoE becase..hey, D&D. Half-Elves and Paladins and Sword Coast. Awesome, right?..except this game falls short of the mark, in so many different ways.If you were expecting the new greatest PC RPG in the line of The Witcher or PoE, THIS IS NOT IT.To sum up, this game is simplified, clunky, without any charm, and lacks interesting characters or choices. This plays more like a simple ARPG (and if you wanted an ARPG, there's way better ones)Specific complaints:Unremarkable cast members - their voice acting isATROCIOUS, and none of them seem interesting. For a party-based RPG, this is a must. and it doesn't have it.Clunky UI -Every timeyou start and finish talking to an NPC, the screen takes about a second to fade to black. EVERY DIALOGUE. This gets extremely old, and serves no purpose because there's not even talking heads. It just zooms in a bit more - but there's no animated dialogue or models. It does this even for the voiceless NPCs. Completely unnecessary.Pauses between conversation options - You'll selection an option, wait a moment, then hear the response..the pause is noticeable enough to be grating - not good for impatient gamers like myself.Simplified ARPG gameplayEvery skill is cooldown based. There is no rest mechanic in this game - there's no worry about conservation of your skills and resources in a dungeon. You just spam your skill when the cooldown is over. It almost feels like an MMO.No heavy customization - each class has about 5-6 different skill trees, but there's no dabbling in multi class options which is one of the greatest things about D&D. A significant step back from Neverwinter nights and what D&D has to offer.The classes feel bland and generic. In D&D your Wizards have the ability to summon monsters, polymorph enemies, shapeshift, pull out magical flaming swords...in this game, they pretty much just focus on blasting stuff (evocation school). Your Wizard feels like any other Ranged DPS.Graphics - The character models aren't great looking - I found it pretty damn hard to make an aesthetically pleasing character. But the environments look decent.This game has no personality. It's generic, bland, uninteresting. I hate that I was so hyped up, and all I got was this.I will be returning this for a refund. Do not drop $40 on this game. Go play Pillars or Path of Exile or Divinity."
76561197990180240,Not Recommended,325600,23128239,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Evman,"Not a terrible game, in essence. Reminiscent of Neverwinter Nights. However, the bugs and poor  mechanics make this game frustrating at best, and unplayable at worst.Bugs include players stuck in chat scenes while others are not, followers falling through the world, and bugged quests. Frustrating mechanincs, for me, center around the ""sometimes the whole party gets sucked into a cut-scene"", while ""sometimes a whole party get sucked into a vendor dialogue"" situation. This also causes bugs, where some people get stuck and others do not. Also, frequently one person will not be able to interact with a vendor...but other party members can..."
76561197991173463,Recommended,325600,24348414,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,PriesT,"Overall, a very enjoyable isometric RPG!I think many of the negative reviews are unfair towards this game. Yes - there is bugs. Yes - they could probably have done some things different.But again, overall recommended if you're shopping for a bit of isometric roleplaying fun."
,Recommended,325600,18619527,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Opensea,"I think the DM mode is what makes this game unique and worth a purchase. I loaded it up and get stuck straight into the editor. Being able to build your own tavern, and populate it with D&D characters is great.  There is so much you can do with that editor in terms of creating locations and quests for people to play.Then hosting that module as a DM and having players run through it was a great experience. Perhaps my only criticism is that you could do with some more of the mages spells, and perhaps the UI could have been improved. As someone who loved the Baldur’s gate  I really enjoyed the detail of spells in that game.I haven’t played the single issue campaign enough to make a judgment on it.Overall I would certainly recommend this game, especially if you enjoy the idea of being a DM and crafting modules. All the modules people will create should add a lot of playability and originality to keep things fresh, compared to some other dungeon crawlers that can end up getting a bit repetitive."
,Recommended,325600,18619865,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Dendore,"Not a hardcore D&D game, but its fun. Would love to try the coop mode.I do find it hard to find some of the quest objectives sometimes, which is cool. Makes me explore and find other stuff that I had missed."
76561198268788623,Recommended,325600,19819627,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,jonstirling,I'm digging this game. Not sure whats up with all the haters - I've had fun in solo mode. Perfect for the holidays for mindless fun.
,Not Recommended,325600,19768125,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,grimfalcon,"Most of my time was in headstarts FYI.While I had high hopes for this game, and while there's a good game buried within, this is NOT a D&D game in the vein of Baldur's Gate or NWN as the marketing and WOTC logos would have you believe.This game is Diablo-Lite.  If that works for you then get this game.DM tools are superficial and amazingly thin.Spells / powers are Diablo-esque and based on cooldowns.Game is 5th Edition D&D by name and skin only.Wizard / Cleric Spells are in trees and not arranged in any sort of D&D fashionCombat is repetitive and shallow.No rest systemNo sense of danger as all players can raise indefinitely unless the full party is wiped. (Possibly improved in CP2 DLC?)Loot system is archaic and prone to ninjas.(Possibly improved in CP2 DLC?)This is in no way a D&D game sadly.Each update breaks the community mod rating system and mods are hard to judge due to this.Add to it that very few people play post release, it's very hard to get a party together.Edit: Two items listed may be improved due to the Community Packs I've been informed which I have noted above but have not confirmed."
76561198075127748,Recommended,325600,18774829,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,RandomUsernameKitten,"This is meant to be a mildly positive review. I will not write comparative analyses relative to other games. At first, I approached the game as a DnD player and fan of Planescape Torment, but I will not compare this game with Torment, because they are different games entirely.There are simple but customisable skill trees. Although customisation is fairly limited at the moment, I feel that I have the freedom to build, for example, a mage as a melee tank, as a ranged character with infinite bullets, or as a big spell caster that runs out of steam way too fast. In this case, I feel that a mage in this game plays his role best as a crowd control character with ridiculous levels of AC. There seem to be gear and skill choices befitting a mage played in nearly any role, but I am mildly disappointed by the use of cooldowns for a character which I wanted so much to be more about planning and cunning tactical choices than about disabling enemies and wailing on them with a staff in autoattack mode. I feel like there is something there, but the skills could be tweaked a bit to make wizards feel more like what the community probably expects. For me, I restarted as a rogue, hoping things would be different, but again, the best skills were ways to avoid enemy retaliation, since damage is so lackluster.The other character classes also use cooldown-based abilities, and my disappointment in player character design is twofold - because abilities are cooldown-driven, no single ability feels overwhelmingly powerful, and as such, glass cannon builds feel nonexistent, and adding to that, no single ability feels worth building a character around or commiting to, and sadly, nor does any one strategy. In a sense, this is a good thing, because in the end, I feel that I have a balanced player character. On the other hand, because many of my skill choices felt forced by the metagame (enemies have ludicrous amounts of HP, even in easy mode), I feel that my player character is not my own.It is almost as though the game designers took the idea of creativity through limitation a bit too far.Beyond this, but still in the vein of player character customisation, the removal of skill checks from the game, and the replacement of those (with the exception of perception, disable device, and lockpicking) by ability score checks, could have returned the game to its AD&D roots, but the proclivity of +8 stat potions appearing as random loot and merchant wares, coupled with the inability of the Player to choose an NPC to make the checks itself, makes this aspect of the game only fun if you do not allow yourself to save and reload regularly. Sadly, the consequences of failing skill checks or passing them almost always leads to the same conclusion - fighting or more gold.In conclusion, this game needs, in my eyes, a few changes before it is really ready to be a fun game to play.First of all, player characters need to feel like their characters are their own. This means that many types of characters, both awful but fun choices and awfully powerful choices should exist for many, if not all, class skill trees. Diversity is one thing, but emergent gameplay is a prerequisite to a fun video game where so much customisation lies on the player character's own skill and equipment choices. That said, more-interesting item abilities could go a long way in allowing for emergent gameplay.Second of all, the game itself needs to have, at the very least, more realistic consequences for failed or successful skill checks or ability score checks. Introducing a skill system and going through the single player campaign to introduce them into dialogues should not be as hard as it seems. I should be able to miss out on entire sidequests and such if my character cannot persuade an NPC to open up about something. A robust single player campaign is replayable, and a replayable game is one in which your choices feel different, or at the very least, feel as though they could have been different. I want the freedom to slaughter the adventuring party I carried back a chest from the underdark for, in their inn room, so that I can intimidate the survivor into revealing the method of opening the chest, or at the very least, to try and persuade that party for a bit of its contents. The lack of choices in quests like that one made me feel that my roleplaying choices were nonexistent, since everything ended up the same way.Third of all, and most importantly, the game designers are listening to the players and coming up with patches to improve the game. If it were not for this, I might not feel that it was worthwhile to speak up in the community. For one, I am legitimately excited about the patch release notes and the plans for the second week of November, as well as the plans for future weeks. Drow, Tieflings, more-diverse player skill trees, and hopefully cooler enemies could be the first step towards rebalancing the game in a way that makes it feel, if not like DnD 5.0, at least then like a serious RPG acheiving its goals.I think that the success of other RPGs in the past has been found in optimising a mixture of devoting time to customising characters and creating a place where players feel challenged to apply those customisations for some sense of ultimate reward for their characters. In the absence of legendary artifacts, required to make your build complete, only completable by prohibitively challenging boss encounters, and in the absence of highly powerful or greatly entertaining player characters that feel cheesy or comical to play, I can understand why players feel the game is lackluster on average. But free DLC and patches have saved games from an untimely death in the past, and I feel the core engine driving this game, and its development team, have the talent to pull off what we, as players, want to see with precisely what is standing before us.That said, I would recommend this game to anyone who wants to see this game blossom into a thing of beauty, because this game has what it takes, and with enough support, will continue in the right direction; on the other hand, I expect the company will take some weeks to reposition this game as the one which players wanted to see to begin with, so if ou do not buy it now, then strongly consider doing so in mid to late November, when the most-interesting patches are being released."
,Recommended,325600,18942477,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,[G.W.] Good Guy Greg,"TL;DR version:While this game might seem a lot like Skyrim with guns, it's actually more like Fallout2 with Bozar and Gauss rifle with 300% points in big guns and small guns (but no ammo).Full version:Okay, some introduction is in order, since I'm gonna be srs (wow). I've been a DnD fan for a long time. I remember they hype of ADnD, I remember the 3rd edition, I remember such gems as BG1, IWD1 and NWN1. I spent days playing and modding and dungeon-running and dungeon-master-ing(?). I've seen how the whole Toril and the settings of the world would change over time.This game? This game rocks. Period.Player.You create a character. Not too many class / race options for now (they're making updates and are introducing tieflings and more classes next week), but you got all the main-stream ones. I went for ye ol' golden dwarf cleric, since nothing says ""A balanced"" group, like a dedicated healer / buffer / resser all in-one (no, it doesn't work this way, but still).You can do a campaign, both single-player or grabbing a friend/-s.You can say ""fk it, I'm bored"" and go for a dungeon delve with random people into a random dungeon with random loot and quests.You can say ""fk-fk-fk this"" and go play in a module or a player created campaign with other people to experience a different edge.And after all that you can return back to campaign with ALL YOUR XP AND STUFF from the recent adventures still with you! It's like they took the Diablo character system and made it... GOOD!Dungeon master.Tired of doing quests, running the dungeons, and just want to be the creator! Sure! Create your own modules with your own story and make people play it! Or better - be a dungeon master there, creating new stuff, characters, spawning monsters etc-etc. Take on a role of one of the NPCs and and lead the players on if you wish!OR join a dungeon delve as a dungeon master and do all the above ON THE GO! Create traps, locked doors to stop the adventurers, create armies to stop them from advancing OR if you got skills and imagination, make a whole quest there! Scatter some corpses, make a little girl NPC ask them for an escort, whatever! Be a helper or an evil genius - all up to you!---------------------------This game is constantly evolving, devs adding new stuff, new tilesets, new options, new items. It's awesome!BUT BEWARE!!!5th edition differs A LOT from the previous ones. And even though this game does its best to follow it, some things are created by the devs (marvellously, though). There are still some bugs and glitches, but other than that... I dunno, I totally loved this game.10/10 would sacrifice the elf again."
,Recommended,325600,19794235,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Suojelusenkeli,"I was suspicious cause of the mixed review, but I can say, that this is indeed a good game.It's a good RPG!"
76561198012504443,Recommended,325600,18634725,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,shabushabu,"Great gameplay, great storyline, great environment, better than great combat.  There are some bugs and things I would like to see fixed ( wizards ), but overall this is a fantastic experience I like to call it D&Diablo..Its quite a bit like Torchlight or Diablo yet with D&D content.. Nicely done !"
76561198027117855,Recommended,325600,18635062,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Clint Eastwood,"This game is excellent. I believe that it is the closest that a computer game has come to replicating a real tabletop d&d experience. There are other tabletop simulators, but they all fail to have matchmaking, which this game has! So let's dive in to why I like this so much amidst a sea of haters.I'd like to start by mentioning that I am a big D&D fan, used to play 2nd edition through 5th. I will also be honest and say that this game does not capture the true tabletop experience, but what computer game really could?Pros: 1) DM Mode2) Matchmaking for DMs and Players3) Publish and Play your own campaign and the campaigns of others4) Decent character cusomization5) Even better NPC customization6) Decent Quest Creation System, generally works correctly7) A great fanbase of old school and new fans alike8) Pause/Play options give the option for more strategic, old school D&D feel9) Good Story Mode (also unlocks new DM items)10) Lots of content on release and more on its way regularly11) Built in push-to-talk communication and typing chat12) Devs that truly careCons: 1) Need some more character customization options2) Need more character/npc voice options3) Would love to have the ability to make quest options/ branching quest lines (a tall order, I know)4) Need open sea tiles! I know they will add them eventually, can't wait. Need ships, ocean, docks, etc.5) Occasional bugs/glitches, many of which have been fixed already6) When play testing a campaign module, changes that you make after the play test don't apply to those saves7) Long wait times for matchmaking, especially as a DM looking for playersOverall, this is an excellent game and I am very glad to have purchased the collector's edition. I am looking forward to playing d&d with tons of friendly new people. Keep in mind that old school players tend to have a playstyle that they prefer, and new players do to (though they may not have found it yet). One must have patience when finding the right people to play d&d with. I am a philosophy major and prefer a more diplomacy-centric and story driven play-style. Fortunately, I am able to find others with similar interests. So keep that in mind, don't play one game and say ""Those guys were immature♥♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; and quit. You need to find what playstyle suits you best, and find players/DMs that cater well to that style. I will continue updating my reviews as the game progresses, but I am genuinely thoroughly impressed thus far.p.s. for people that are saying this game is too hard... there are many ways to fix that. First, and most obvious, would be the difficulty settings (there's DM difficulty settings upon creation, and player difficulty settings for playing.). Other than that, there are numerous things that the DM can do to decrease the challenge for his players:1) Demote Enemies/ Promote Allies2) Create Custom Enemies with low stats (and one can set player level offset to -5)3) Create more allied NPCs to fight alongside your players4) You can actually damage and heal any npc/enemy on the fly (Caution:This dmg/healing done does NOT save, so must be done within the desired session. e.g. You dmg NPC health while creating a campaign, then it will revert to full; but if you get your players in the session and pause it, u can then lower the health of NPCs/enemies.)Thank you for taking the time to read this, and I hope to see you on Sword Coast Legends soon! Happy adventuring, friends!"
76561198007583969,Recommended,325600,18634395,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Lucius,"I dont know if I can recommend this game. It defintely is not what they advertised. While the 3D graphics are nice, the colors tend to blend into the backgrounds.Combat is repetative and not how a good CRPG plays. There are no tactics. It's hack and slash.Personally I also HATE the duration thing when using skills, food, potions, etc. I hated the concept in Pillars of Eternity and I REALLY hate it in this game.Roleplaying choices are boring and the story seems too contrived and bland.The game is worth playing, but not at this price. 15 -20.00 is a better price for this game.All in all, this is more like a Diablo game than a true CRPG. D&D...well, I wont get into that because it certainly isnt it.If you havent played Divinity Original Sin..go buy it right now!! You will see what a CRPG is SUPPOSED to be like.So I finally decided...I'm going to recommend the game because it already has a ""mixed"" rating and the game isnt terrible, its just repetative and boring.Read the Rock Paper Shotgun review for a more detailed review."
76561198032220026,Recommended,325600,18600825,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,SevSaint,"7.8 out of 10Was skeptical at first. But i am an avid table top DM. I also have been enjoying D&D for 25  years. So i decided i would try it out.Boy was i glad i did. All the complaints i read are of people who have strong love for wow style, or  poe combat. The fast paced rotation of combat. Most of those never got past level 1 or 2 and delved into the skill tree long enough to see what else combat can be. I did and i am glad i stuck it out.Not only does the game have a story mode that takes 20+ hours to complete. But also has a module mode where you can play other withl gifted DM's storys. Offering you limitless new gaming experience. Then there is the Diablo style dungeon crawl where you can hack and slash your way through dungeons. Not to mention you can control the bad guys or play the heros. And thats not even mentioning the DM tools. So this game has tons to offer."
76561198012149432,Recommended,325600,18652980,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Trenchfoot,My review of Sword Coast Legends:https://www.the-newshub.com/gaming/game-review-sword-coast-legends
76561197982893207,Recommended,325600,18660234,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Godwin,"So far so good, really. Playing the story and it's fun. Mainly reviewing because I think it doesn't deserve the low score. May add info later.EDIT: Yup, really enjoying it, really great game!!I think the single player campaign is very well put together with all the different sidequests and everything you can discover and the different ways you can solve problems (like going into the Luskan city proper, so far already found 6 ways that can lead you in there).The voice acting is great overall and the characters of your companions are well crafted. It's really nice talking to them at your camp.The characters in the world are the same, and the way the game handles sidequests is just awesome. You often have different choices of going about it (example: Burskin's quest with Finch, and everything surrounding it) and the dialogue fits. It's realistic.I think the majority of the negative reviews are because of the DM-mode OR because people want precise D&D rules."
,Recommended,325600,18658532,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Fatboy,"as a person that's not a big fan of DnD ( i did play it ) i found this game fun. co-op, interesting story, intersting characters made a good impression on me. if u're looking for a relaxing rpg that's based on DnD you'll enjoy this game.. especially if u have 1 - 3 more friends that are playing with you"
76561198168074791,Recommended,325600,18724849,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,jonoliveira12,"Its Not Baldur's Gate, Its not Neverwinter Nights, its not Icewind Dale. Those were absolute classics, based on D&D rulesets but not exact transpositions of P&P D&D. So is this game.Single Player:I know many will disagree with me but this game's atmosphere, music and combat is actually very D&D like, not really too much like a Diablo style ARPG. The story reminded me much about Neverwinter Nights with its locations and factions, the combat is very Icewind Dale like in which it is based on perfectly gearing and building your party up to the point its an unstoppable killing machine, the characters (party companions and NPCs) resemble a bit of Baldur's Gate in which they voice opinions, give quests and personality (some of your party members may dislike other party members for example, and they do make it very apparent, although they never leave the party like in BG).Multiplayer:I love Dungeon Crawl, the loot, the fights, the progression, the exploration inducing quests. Its fun alone or with a party of friends, but it really shines when you get a DM, its like your own undiscovered adventure and playing with someone you cant predict is the most fun and challenging any D&D videogame has ever been for me.Cant say I have played a great deal of Modules, but the ones I did play (were recommended to me) are fantastic. This is the place where this game was meant to shine. From well written (player and D&D fan written) stories, to complex battles which can spike in difficulty when playing with a DM, Modules offer something for everyone and Im even considering building some myself (if I find the time, jobs take a lot of it).Negative:People complain about the lack of features, and they have to, there is still a lot missing. There is also the problem of stacking item effects, wich can make even a pathetically built character a single player powerhouse.That being said, the game is still being updated and will recieve DLCs later on, which (like in Neverwinter Nights expansions) will open up the game much more and introduce more options to all players (adventurers and DM).All in all:This game is definetly worth its price, if N-Space solves the stacking issue it will even shine among other great D&D videogames of the past. I wholeheartedly recommend this."
,Recommended,325600,18588863,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Prof. Kipper,"Another update***Looks like all the things mentioned in this review are coming to fruition soon, so please do check this game out.Update****All that being said, there are ways around certain limitations and actually creating something is fun. It really does need more added to it, but DMing while people go through a dungeon or a module is pretty fun.I'd still wait until it's on sale and more is added, but I'm changing from a thumbs down to a thumbs up.*This is based solely on content creation*I bought it for the DM toolset, but imagine my disappointment with the lack of placeable objects, monsters, and tiles. I was hoping to make a mountain village, but the only structures you can actually place are tents.I don't mind the auto-generated dungeons/outdoor areas, but to make it truly great, being able to build the dungeon room by room would be great. Technically, they've got the stuff for it already, because it's automated. It would be a nice option to have an advanced mode for manual placement.Other than that, I just want bigger placeables(i.e huts, houses, and the like), more objects and more monster variety.The monster variety is slim. Where are the kobolds, orcs, trolls, and dragons? Staples to the D&D franchise and yet they are non-existant. We've got tons of drow, zombies, skeletons, goblins, and then the normal races as of now. Yes there are a small handful of other creatures tied in with the other sets, but not enough. It's unrealistic to expect every creature there is, but to leave out the iconic monsters? Why?The quest system was disappointing too. There is a big need for branching dialogue\Quests. A way to give story to the players, or lore to the DMs who may download a module to run.The loot options are pretty sad. You can customize what a quest gives out, as far as 'Random trinket, weapon, or armor'. You can't determine what precise loot will be distributed or customize magical items.*From a creators standpoint, this game missed the mark, but it does provide the framework to be good if it's supported and added to.I have no idea if any of these are in the works, but for me to be justified in buying it, all of the aforementioned need to be in the game (*With the exception to the loot. It's what I would like to see, but it's nothing major.)"
,Recommended,325600,18633921,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,TAScalde,"I felt compelled to write this review because of the constant fight in the forums if this is or is not a D&D game.Let's begin from the beggining, yes, this is a D&D game, 5th edition actually, and many who complain that this game is not D&D are actually saying that this game is not Baldur's Gate.So let's start by saying what being 5th edition means, it means that this game gets it's ruleset from the book RPG Dungeons and Dragons, which in turn have been changing considerably around the years and this edition in particular has got into a very sensitive point of RPG players, me include.The point being the lack of skill points and Feats.That being said this edition of the BOOK DOES NOT HAVE THAT. Simply as that, all your abilities are based either on your level, attributes or if you're speciallized on the thing you're trying to do. You don't need a perception skill check to see if you spoted a trap, instead you make a wisdom check, and if you are trained for spotting, you'll also use your proficiency bonus that's in your main screen, simply as that.What really gets into a  shock in this game, specially from those coming from a Baldur's Gate mindset ( me included ) was: ""What is all this going too fast!""Simple, rounds are 2 seconds in duration, instead of 6 as in the older games and with an added functionality, wizards aren't useless shadows on first levels, let me explain this one...On classic D&D the wizard can be the most devastating class of the game, while other classes without spellcasting only use weapons and are boring, but for such an awesomeness they have a huge drawback, and that is daily spellcasting limit, and on the first levels it's usually one up to three castings a day.Now on this edition they have cantrips, which can be used at will, adding movement to the wizard that was never thought before. One change that really makes the game look Diabloish and less Baldurlesque, but everything in it's proper time.But this time the Spellcasters aren't the only ones who get to do some nasty things with their abillities, no, all classes have various abillities that can improve their skills, or deal more damage, or debuff the enemies, not only Spellcasters and this add a greater variety in the game.For instance, one of my favorite ways of playing Baldur's Gate is soloing with a Wizard or a Sorcerer as with that class I can do ANYTHING. All other classes are little dummy in comparison.Now even the tank has a hole, he don't need to be the damage spounge only, he can attack the enemies legs making them crawl, or shout orders that increase an ally combat prowess, or show such a fighting spirit that frightens and paralizes enemies around him, or even evade death with a surge of vigor healing and bolstering his defenses with many choices.The initial levels can be a little to grindy and don't seen tactical at all, but when your rooster of abilities increase, every choice start to make a huge difference. And it stops becoming a point and click adventure and become a pause, think, cast, pause, move, pause, heal and so on.Too much pausing for you, that's where multiplayer shines, with the right team, you can be the master of your character, fighting on with your skills and quick judgment to help and act.Not everything are roses though, and I'm not trying to hide that the controls are awkward (but I already got it(but the still must improve!)), there's a level gap to where the fun begins, and the graphics could be better ( which I belive to be more of a  camera angle problem ). But the main point is this, this game is a brute gemstone, may not be a diamond but very preciouss nonetheless, the main problems are easy to solve and there's much room to improve on those edges.I came on this game with a huge shock thinking about Baldur's Gate, but now that I'm playing it the more I'm enjoying it's game play and more I'm seeing that yes, this game is truly D&D, it's has some rough edges on it's presentation, but with time it will become all the better."
,Recommended,325600,18636138,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Scavenger,"First of all, I've spent about 92 hours on the Head Start Access before the game was released. And I've been playing since Head Start 2 (which was the first time it was released to all pre-orders) and obviously spent a lot of time with the game. Here is my take on the game.I've spent the most time on the DM creator tool and have already released 2 modules. I have only spent a very minimum amount of time on the story campaign, but what little time I spent on it, was a rather nice experience. Granted, I only completed the start portion of the campaign, so I cannot say how well will it be later on but from most player's thoughts on it, the Story Campaign is a good one.I'll be focusing more on the module creator and the multiplayer aspect of the game.First thing's first, as many people have said and will say, the DM creator is incredibly limited. There are no branching dialogues, no item-based interactions (using a key to open a door), no option to edit your dungeons (adding or removing rooms), no manual triggers for certain events (changing a character's hostility after dialogues) and possibly some others. It's true that the DM is very limiting.BUT!As limiting as it is, it isn't that bad of an editor to work with. Sure you'll be limited  to bare simple interactions and some simple things may take several turns to do, but it's not impossible to create a narrative-driven module with the current system. It might take a lot more dialogues to get it done, but it's far from impossible. I've played several modules that are very well done and well designed. It's all dependent on how the creator play around with the limitations.While talking about the limitations, I'll be talking about the DM mode for playing with other players. I've tried DM-ing a few runs with some friends and I can honestly say, some of the limitations of the module creator can be bypassed with the presence of a DM. Having a DM allows a lot of manual changes to be done to the module, from adding or removing monsters, providing extra challenge, changing the hostility of a character at will, adding quests on the fly and changing existing things on the fly. Just like the traditional PnP D&D experience, having a good DM solidifies the experience even more. And the DM mode of Sword Coast Legends was heavily marketed and I personally feel that they've done a pretty decent job doing it. It's fun having an active DM that plays around with group.That being said, the multiplayer aspect of the game is bad to good, depending on who you play with. For one, Sword Coast Legends has a very bad loot system, where everything is shared. So some players may just run in and grab everything, leaving nothing for you, which is obviously bad. I do not know if they can fix this in the future, but I sure hope they do.In the early Head Start days, the game was plagued by bad connections. It was almost impossible to play a multiplayer session nicely without some people disconnecting along the way. But over time, they seem to have fixed most of the connection issues, though certain bugs still persists from time to time. Things that can be ironed out with time, and the devs have said they will continue to support the game for quite some time. So give it time.Again, I haven't really started playing the story campaign, but I'm looking forward to it.As of now, I would give this game a score of 7/10. But if they add more contents and crush more of the bugs, this could get a good 8 from me. And if they eventually release a more powerful module creator, this may very well be a good 9/10. Because the DM portion of the game, is very good.If you love classic RPG, this could be a good game for you at its price point. It's also a pretty good D&D themed game, and can only be expanded even more in the future."
,Recommended,325600,18641486,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,DanJar,"I am enjoying this, but I feel like there's further to go to make this a good game.. As an example when I'm hosting a game playing through the main story, and one of my party interacts with an NPC that has something significant to do with the main story line, it automatically gives me, the host, control of the conversation...As a party leader thats kind of ok, but not really because it makes the rest of the party characters redundant in that conversation. It's also annoying to be on the complete opposite side of luskan and be not only interrupted with the fade out and interaction of the conversation but also in some cases automagically teleported there...Regarding the conversation control. the big issue is that when I am hosting, My friends supremely likable Paladin whose charisma modifier is somewhere between George Clooney and Santa, is not able to roll Charisma checks to see if Mr NPC that had a job for us to do is going to give us his eldest daughters virginity as an additional bonus for clearing out his basement full of rats... Instead it uses my Wizards dark aura of loathing, which means I'd probably have a better chance of being likable and getting a successful charisma roll, if I cast Fireball II at an orphanage full of adorable puppies. (thus not playing to the party strengths :P)It's all well and good to have to deploy some tactical firing of skills in combat to keep the party alive but we should be able to play the rest of the game tactically too, not ""Party leader is the enforced designated spokesperson till the end of time""./end rant... Hoping for great things, definitely playable as it is regardless of some frustrations. looking forward to more content, some fixes,and hopefully not pricey DLC."
,Not Recommended,325600,29402707,Posted: 21 January,all,Aria Theo,"A perfectly mediocre RPG. It has all the elements of a good RPG, but no one element really stands out as worthwhile. I don't know about singleplayer, but the co-op campaign suffers from quite a few bugs."
76561198062376846,Recommended,325600,20406383,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,coreyonnet,"An excellent game.  The story is rich and deep.  I found the graphics immersive.  I'm a big fan of Dungeons and Dragons and this game makes me feel thats what I'm doing, adventuring in a beautiful fantasy world.  The companions are interesting with good stories.  Its worth knowing each of them.  Their value is increased further because if you can complete their personal quest, their special skill tree can be accessed by all your characters of the appropriate class from that point on.  I love the tactical battles, they bring back the best of Neverwinter Nights and Dragon Age: Origins.  Being able to pause in the middle of the fight is so useful.  The abilities, classes, races, and monsters do a splendid job of combining 4th and 5th Edition Dungeons and Dragons.  Dungeon delving is a great way for me to get in a D&D kick when I don't have much time or just feel like wondering around challenging monsters and hunting treasure.  All the companions you've got to join you in the story mode also become available in dungeon delving, allowing you to make some interesting parties.  And I have yet to start all these wonderful modules people have been making!  This game will hold my attention for a long time.  I rate it up there with other great rpgs like Neverwinter Nights and Dragon Age: Origins.  The load times between areas can be rough, but I feel its worth it to enjoy this game.  Gives me a chance to grab some soda or snacks."
76561198071038036,Recommended,325600,20388983,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,spinningplate50,"I played this during the free weekend and decided not to buy it then changed my mind!  I left a review but deleted it after playing the game a while longer because it turned out to be an enjoyable game after giving it a chance.Bottom line is if you're looking for a computer version of D&D you've definitely come to the wrong place but if you're looking for a party-based arcade RPG in a D&D setting this game can be lots of fun.In my opinion Temple of Elemental Evil is the most accurate computer version of D&D and it's actually enjoyable to play now that the community has fixed the problems with the bug-ridden original release.  Baldur's Gate 2 stands for me as the most immersive computer version of D&D.  I'm an older player who still remembers those magical Gold Box games and I'd say Baldur's Gate 2 is still as close as you'll get to that.  This is nowhere near as good as any of those games.This game is closer to Neverwinter Nights with a Diablo feel to it.  The combat is arcade instead of tactical and character development is also really straightforward.   The interface feels designed for a console and is terrible on the PC but it gets the job done.Your adventurers are truly stalwart in this game!  They never die and you never have to rest.  No spells to memorize or use-per-day abilities or anything like that.  It's simple and easy to learn.On the plus side:- I love the mechanics around searching, hiding and finding/removing traps.- The story of the main single player game is great and keeps me interested.  It's mostly linear but there's a few interesting sub-plots here and there.- There's lots of voice acting and you'll hear quite a few funny remarks from your party members.- The graphics and sound are good and performance is fine.- Inventory management is real easy and they included encumbrance which makes managing your inventory a little more interesting.- I don't seem to have run into any bugs and the game has never crashed or become sluggish on me.  The last attempt at a computer D&D game I purchased was Temple of Elemental Evil and it was an awesome computer translation of D&D but was completely undermined by an unbelievable number of bugs on release.  This one is far from a computer translation of D&D but doesn't seem to have any major bugs.And a few negatives:- In combat you basically go into 'arcade mode' with special ability cooldowns and you can't die.  The AI is good enough that you can usually let the computer take care of combat but it can also get annoying if you decide to control the characters in an encounter.  Combat is mostly lacking in tactics.- Character progression is about as simple as it gets.  There's a few new abilities here and there but you mostly just 'level' up your existing abilities.  It's not like D&D where your abilities get stronger as you level up  - instead of a mage adding a D6 to their fireball up to a certain level, if you want a stronger fireball you use a skill point to purchase ""fireball level 2"" at level up.  You get 3 points to use at each level up with new abilities costing 2 (or sometimes all 3) skill points and ability level ups costing one point.- The interface is annoying but you get used to it.  For example if you want to open your inventory with the mouse you can't just right click on a character portrait.  Instead you have to either press a button on the keyboard (or a controller, which is what this game was probably designed for) or click on the menu icon then hit the inventory tab.   To pan the map you have to hold down the middle mouse button instead of just moving the mouse pointer to the edge of the screen.- Not being able to die and the lack of resting really takes away from the immersion.  I never really feel attached to any of my characters because I know there's never any risk.- The need to create an account before playing the game is just plain dumb.Overall I didn't buy it after the free play expired but decided to scoop it when they extended the discount.  At the full price I'd be disappointed but the 50% off made it worthwhile and i'm hopeful it'll be fun to pop into for random dungeon crawls and player-created content down the road.Not in the same league as a Baldur's Gate or even a Temple of Elemental Evil.  It's probably on par with Neverwinter Nights and maybe even a little more fun (but much less D&D-like)My first impression was a 5 or a 6 out of ten, then after playing the free weekend I upped it to a 6.5 or a 7, now after sticking with it for a while I'd up it to a 7.5.  With tactical combat and an implementation of the D&D ruleset this would be an awesome game."
,Recommended,325600,20422689,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,ceeags,The mixed reviews put me off this game initially and it wasn't until the free weekend that I decided to give it a go.It seems the negativity mainly stems from false advertising or failure to deliver what was initially thought to have been promised. Having potentially not come in with the same expectations as those who were disappointed I'm grateful to the free weekend for allowing me to try this before purchase and discovering that what is on offer here easily provided me with enough entertainment to merit not just being added to my game collection but also something that I'm actively playing.Very pleasantly surprised and looking forward to the further enhancements planned.
76561198000296587,Not Recommended,325600,20267500,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,MamaO2D4,"Played Head Start Access extensively-which conveniently is listed as a separate game - so your ""Hours played"" doesn't reflect your ACTUAL hours played...Game simply never developed into what they promised. Game drones on, never becomes interesting, player choices have zero to do with your alignment/background. Not in the spirit of D&D at all. It doesn't even follow the rulesset they promised. Nothing more than a clunky hack and slash. The DM portion is severely lacking - again, promised a lot - delivered about 25%.As a D&D lover I was so excited for this game. And so completely disappointed.You'd be better off with Neverwinter (online MMO) or even DDO. Heck, I'd rather load Baldur's Gate back up.This is absolutely not worth the money."
76561198245439860,Recommended,325600,20202570,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,White King,"If you loved the Baldur's Gate games, then you'll certaily want to give this a try too. Battles are fast-paced than most D&D games."
76561198023128628,Recommended,325600,20202959,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Debbo,As a fan of D&D.. Familiar feel [D&D] and good graphics. With friends and a cool ''MASTER'' 8/10.
,Recommended,325600,20170815,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,MegaDregan,"So I've spent a bit of time playing this game in single player mode.  I came up in PC games playing Baldurs Gate and have to say that this is the type of game I enjoy.  Is it as good as Baldur's Gate? No, but it is close.  If you like a bread and butter cRPG, without the necessity of playing online like WoW, or having to spend real money to get good gear like Neverwinter, then this is the game for you.   There are a few options I haven't explored, DM, Co-Op, etc., but those really aren't my thing anyways. Graphically, it is pretty decent.  The story and NPC companions depth is kind of lacking, which is really where it lacks compared to Baldur's Gate and why I say it's not as good.  All in all, it's fun and I've enjoyed playing it."
,Recommended,325600,20209709,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,The Jigsaw Man,"21 hours but I'm guessing I've only seen, at most, one fifth of this game.Just wanted to get a word in here right now that my time spent so far has been really enjoyable.I saw mention from a Gamespot review claiming the combat was too simple but they must've patched since then because I've had to stay on top of the pause button.In some ways this reminds of the MMO Neverwinter but everything is more compact both game-world wise and aesthetically.Maybe not as sophisticated as Dragon Age; I would say that Sword Coast is a highly polished and meaty ""Confrontation"" featuring the TSR world and lore.What has sold me is that there is a lot here for those who like to explore for out of the way secrets and oddities which the game world is chock full of. There's also a keen attention to detail; every piece of new armour you find and every weapon reflects on your character in game when equipped. As example I've just flushed out the Graveyard section of the first (and maybe only?) town you enter and came out with a Jack-O-Latern mask which I fit on my short and plump dwarven fighter as well a skeleton mask for the necromancer.If you're an attention deficit completionist who slaps on every wall in a video game looking for hidden rooms then Sword Coast will keep you content for a long while.Currently no DLC and I believe that is because there are many free downloadable mini expansion campaigns made both by the developers and end users.You can level up in these side campaigns and then run back to the main story with your new loot if  having difficulties.I got SC for $25 from a recent sale. It's the fist time in a long while that I've spent this much money for one game and I found it well worth the price to boot."
,Not Recommended,325600,31889318,Posted: 21 May,all,ParryForte,"This game is pretty standard bread-and-butter fare for a D&D game, and that’s not a bad thing. You’ve got elves, the Underdark, dungeons to crawl, Dwarves with family problems. etc. You play as a sucker who’s inherited a curse of sorts (spoilers so I won’t go into details) and the quest to deal with that will take you all over in a quite varied selection of theaters to bash in some skulls.Why do I not recommend this? Well, first up is performance. While I’ve tried to put in time here on PC, the performance is sub-par so I moved my game to PS4 and started again.I was having an okay time through the first act, but by the second act (there are three) the map clues (or lack of them) and the fact that quests will send you to 17 different zones makes actually playing the game a tedious chore. Lots of loading screens, lots of trying to work out where the F to go next (quest text not always helpful). Sometimes it will say things like “A residence in this zone” and there are 20 residences, so that’s not really all that useful. The consistency of map markers showing where to go just isn’t there; a lot of time will just soak into trying to manage the game.Where you can have a passable time is with the co-op system, which works pretty well all things considered, although the level of fidelity given a DM to create games isn’t of the same level as used to make the story for the game, so don’t expect anything more than a straight up dungeon delve.All in all, if you’re dying for a D&D fix, this serves a purpose but I’d say you should wait for a sale."
76561198060411939,Recommended,325600,34386187,Posted: 20 August,all,Yomar,"This is a very good and very solid game. The atmosphere is perfect, the combat is a lot faster than the tedious pause-and-recite-one-spell in older CRPG's, but on the other hand this is not the umpteenth Diablo clone constantly sending thousands of monsters to you to create some kind of slaughterfest. Voice-acting is top-notch, writing is good and the story seems to be solid.I have no idea why this game got so many bad reviews; wading through them it seems that it's mainly a matter of false expectations within the community. Apparently people were expecting a direct translation of D&D rules; what they got instead is a very enjoyable and slightly faster paced CRPG very heavily inspired by D&D. And that's okay: if I want to throw dice, I can throw dice. I don't need a computer for that. The D&D atmosphere is absolutely there.I bought this with my two sons. We created a multiplayer party right from the start and are running the entire campaign now... and we haven't had a blast like this for years. Buy this with an open mind, don't become a dogmatic paper D&D player and just enjoy what the devs throw at you. You won't regret it.P.S. I haven't created any campaigns myself yet. Though it seems to be possible, the possibilities are more limited compared to NWN2, so I read. Maybe that is true: I haven't tried this aspect myself yet. That said: NWN is dead, and everything else is dead too, so maybe it doesn't matter that much, disappointing as it may be? For only 15 euros, you can't go wrong with this game. What a terrible, terrible pity though the devs went broke. This could have been so beautiful."
,Not Recommended,325600,18895768,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,bpphantom,"It's not a ""bad"" game, but it's not D&D either. Multiple skill trees per class, power cooldowns, stupid AI, among other issues all combine to make it a good idea, just not D&D. It's also not ready yet. The DM toolset is still being developed, ALT+Tab out (or just mouse over to another monitor) and it consumes a crazy amount of resources despite no longer being in focus.Give it time for patches and updates. Don't go into it thinking it's Baldur's Gate or Neverwinter Nights. Don't expect it to be any kind of replacement for tabletop emulators. It's multiplayer capable, Forgotten Realms flavored Diablo."
76561198077969575,Recommended,325600,29114788,Posted: 8 January,all,thesilentimp,"Maybe not so visually stanning but nice, storyline — pretty ok and have nice free addon.If you love RPG like Baldures Gates — you will love this game."
76561197967762267,Not Recommended,325600,18887193,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,ToeKneeKnee,"My biggest complaint about this game is that it is not 5th edition Dungeons and Dragons.  It's not even close.  That may seem a small thing, but when I see a Dungeons and Dragons game being developed, I expect it to cleave pretty closely with the established rules of the pen and paper game, as previous successful Dungeons and Dragons video games have done.  This game claims to be based on the 5th edition ruleset, but it strays very far from that particular umbrella, if not discarding it entirely.While I thought the soundtrack was well done, and the characters and campaign plot were interesting, I'm afraid I don't have anything else positive to say about Sword Coast Legends.  Graphics are mediocre, combat is a grueling exercise in hit point attrition.  Just flail away at your enemies until one of you falls down.  No real strategy.  No real meaningful choice in skills/abilities.  Poor animation all around.I am personally not interested in the game-editor toolset.  I would much rather gather with my friends around a table and play the old fashioned way than sit at a screen and try to translate whats in my head with the limited options the program makes available to me.  Not that I think the editor is bad per se, just that its not my particular cup of tea.I tried to like this game in spite of my initial misgivings.  Alas, in the end I guess I'm just too much of an old school gamer.  I can't help but feel that the developers have alienated us in favor of the younger, more action-RPG oriented folk.  Such a shame.  It had such potential.  At least I was able to get a refund on one of the two copies I purchased."
76561198011394523,Not Recommended,325600,21417309,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,djangoz,"Beware, on a Mac you have to have El Capitan. I didn't see that before purchasing."
76561198180698663,Recommended,325600,21311325,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,megadarkk,Liking this game.... Looking forward to expansions as well...  This game has actually got me liking and dicovering crpg's
76561198115517113,Not Recommended,325600,20339359,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Accolyte Of Apophis,"1. where is alignment, how can i roleplay my favorite lawful evil wizard, chaotic evil thief, or chaotic good fighter, it isn't d&d without alignment, this game is false advertising, unless they add it later, or maybe make it a ""new"" feature in a sequal, which i will avoid like the plague because of this waste of money2. no more strategy on spell picks, no more resting to memorize spells, cooldowns, really, why didn't you just call this a dungeon siege game"
76561198033234104,Not Recommended,325600,24073410,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Segin,"First the Game: I actually enjoyed it. I've put 142 playing hours in on it. The Characters have unique skill trees and each one seems powerful in what they do and have flavor of their particular class. The combat is good, items are ok. One thing that really stands out is how they do the maps/people/quests etc. Many RPG type games have a ton of people you can talk to, area's to go, and it can get a little overwhelming to me, talking to every little person on the planet. This game, has plenty of people to talk to, but they often have little icons over their heads to guide you. Conversations are good, but instead of pages of dialog, you get a paragraph or two. Locations are marked well and a city is very easy to navigate. I guess it's hard to explain, but the tediousness of a lot of RPG's have been elminated and makes for better progress and action, instead of grinding out exploring, talking, etc. Maps can be pulled up and double clicked on locations to transit their. Just really sweet things.There are some not so good things too. You must have 4 in your party. You have a CAMP that you can exchange characters. If you take one and decide later you want to take a different person, they don't catch up in experience. So you just don't do it. You pick your four and you stick with them. If a new character is gained, you can level them up to your current level, but you must decide then if you want them to be part of your gang of four. Whichever 4 you take out, the others don't get the experience and therefore are no use to you later if you wanted to have them in your group. Other things too, but it means nothing because of what I write below. I am done with this game. There are too many other games out there.I wouldn't recommend this game at all though. There are no mods available, no cheats, and no forums. Well there is a forum, but you have to post three times and get approval for each before you can post on free will. The first time I tried to ask a question on a forum I never got approved. I messaged one of the web people, no response. I messaged another no response. The third time the charm, said that one of the guys were no longer on the project and the other was on vacation. A month latter still no reponse and I had went back to ask something else. Same old thing. If you buy this game, you are getting it as it is, and little help. Few have made it through the gauntlet of forum posting, because the lack of posts is very apparent. Buy it, play it, if you want anything beyond that your out of luck."
76561198048426120,Recommended,325600,21034456,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,michael_a_funk,"SCL is enjoyable.  Sure, there are some kinks and I hope they get worked out, but I wouldn't say the bugs kill my overall enjoyment of the game.  Haven't touched the DM tool yet."
76561198068332802,Not Recommended,325600,19797903,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Dosfish,Pros:Looks goodResonably fun to playCons:Crashes a *lot* under linuxFeels more like Diablo than DnDLoading screens take agesThoughts:I played it on the free weekend and after playing it 50% off isn't enough to make me buy it. It also seems like they've made a lot of concessions in the interface for the PS4 which don't really work on PC like full screen inventory and character screen. I was hoping this would be a updated Neverwinter Nights and it falls well short of the mark.
,Recommended,325600,21234569,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,lordaleph,"SCL is a great DnD 5e-based game. I would have liked however a bit more depth in the implementation of the rules. For example immersive concepts such as food, resting and exhaustion are missing. Also would have been nice to provide more transparency on the attack/ability check/saves dice rolls.Anyway :) I enjoy this game a lot and I believe that saying SCL is >>not<< DnD is wrong. DnD can have many flavors - it can be anything from pure role playing to throwing a d20 for any possible interaction. I see DnD as an extensible framework - and SCL is just one of the things one can build upon this framework.Awesome guys, keep up the good work. And let's hope we'll soon be enjoying SCL on consoles too."
76561198094809808,Recommended,325600,19808292,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,rhadamsjr84,"I loved Baldur's Gate and its sequels, and Sword Coast Legends feels like a beautiful extension of those games.  Please make sure to save often though, as with any D&D game, things can go bad if you don't think before acting."
,Recommended,325600,20388222,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Soldatesque,"Good game ... I have to give it a thumbs up for that ... for the developers ... for the D&D aspects.  The game takes a huge hit (almost to the point of sucking) because of the community that plays it.  About 1 out of every 20 playing a multi-player discoverable game actually want to play multi player and the rest will kick you out for joining them.  Yet another 1 out of every 5 are actually even playing, the rest have left their game open and walked away.  The game defaults to the host for conversations ... so god forbid you join one and the guy is afk ... youre stuck in a conversation screen that cant be exited or over ridden and you end up haveing to 'End Task' to get out and start the game over.  The only saving grace in all of this is that because you have to login to play ... they have built in that you get kicked off the server for inactivity ... so thats a plus.  But whos going to wait around for a host to get kicked for that?  And you dont get to take over the game when a host leaves either unfortunately, it just ends it for everyone involved.  Very sucky.As a rule:  Random hosts are generally a-holes, random joins are awesome.  Play the game with friends you already know and dont count on being able to meet anyone new in a lobby and share your love of D&D ... this is not that kind of community at all.The single player game (up to where I am at) has so far been your run of the mill D&D experience.  Skill trees are plentiful which gives alot more customization than the old Baldur's Gate style ones, and those were fun as hell."
,Recommended,325600,18869129,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,KAKOS&AGAPPAO,"Everything about D&D I love brought to you in a great digital package. This game has something for anyone who loves RPGS with a D&D influence. IF you are a fan of Baulder's Gate, Divinity: Original Sin, and other ISO RPGS. This is a must have. There is not a thing I can say is wrong with this game so far. 10/10"
76561198006469861,Recommended,325600,18742816,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,FacelessOne,"This game feels like something between dungeon siege and dragon age. If you play table top DnD, you will notice that this is not 5 edition, The hit dice, damage and thaco/profireci system is same, but Skill system is like in dragon age. So is this♥♥♥♥♥♥ No, the system is waay weaker than that in Dungeons and dragon (for example neverwinter nights 2, BG 2 and so on), but it is waay better than what we see in Dragon age 2 and 3. As for story, its solid and game play is solid too. Havent tryed DM mode, but i like this game a lot so its up for me.Just dont believe the hype, this is not DnD simulator. Its Dungeon siege (Game play would be like original Neverwinter nights, but RPG system is streamlined so hard, i cant compare) like RPG, set in DnD world.If you wana this, you will like this game. If you wana Old school RPG, go for pillars of ethernity."
,Recommended,325600,19821883,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Clarity Talsus,"First i would like to add that i first played this at PAX. then seeing that it was free i figured i would give it a try again. I will buy it,The game is great to play, it feels like a half Balur's Gate/Neverwinters Night and half Table top Dungeons and Dragons game. The solo story is good brings back memories of old DnD games. Below i will list some pros and cons:Pros:- Good Initial story to get you into the the gameplay.- Great character customization system.- Voice acting is about average for what you would expect other than a couple lines here and there.- Very DnD feel with interacting with object in the main story such as bashing vines but not having enough strength.- In depth DM tools, still need some work but great for creating fast campaigns for new players.Cons- Single player combat can be a bit janky due to the multiplayer focus the and the AI not being able to be tweaked to use some spells over others. (Considering my first experience with the game revolved around multiplayer this was not unexpected.)- Setting up of your Skill bar is very clunky, it will auto-populate with everyting from scolls to potions and removing the objects from your bar will cause your character to use it instead of just removing it from the bar. (This could be easily fixed by adding a lock option..)- Characters will run to an enemy over casting the spell causing you to have to issue a move command each time before casting if using a melee weapon.Overall for being a new attempt at an idea I'd say its a solid 7.5/10 with some improvements the game could be fantastic i would recommend.Some final notes I would suggest if you buy the game to play with a group to get the full expirience of the game and what it was mean't for i understand the negative reviews but after hearing the dev's talk at PAX i pretty much knew what to expect and i feel they nailed that pretty well."
76561197970615402,Recommended,325600,19836502,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,rochrist,Promising start for what I hope will eventually suplant NWN in my memories.
76561198004144530,Not Recommended,325600,23355332,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Axium,"So much for patches .. now the video graphics have a huge texture square over the chacters missing, loveing playing a game where you can't play see the chacters your playing... great patch"
,Recommended,325600,18728941,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Kolokovich,"Sword Coast Legends is an excellent game.  As a dungeon master, being able to dm on the fly for a group of your friends or stangers is a truly unique and awesome experience.  The major gripes with the game seem to be that there is not enough options in the editor.  However a quickwitted DM can make up new monsters on the fly and create open-ended (this is important!) quests at a whim.  More types of locations would of course be a plus but I feel confident this will be added to the game in coming releases.  Give this game a try its absolutely worth it for players and DM's alike."
76561198033099463,Recommended,325600,23107393,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,felix101,Loving the game. finding it as fun as the first Dragon Age. Not sure why all the bad reviews. Tbh I am finding it even morr enjoyable than Pillars of Eternity.
76561198072786835,Recommended,325600,20716229,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Fisto Roboto,"I enjoyed this game, I play games leisurely. I don't consider myself a gamer but I've played other RPG games and enjoyed this one and played the story through. I tend to find a game a like, play a bunch, then take a break from games after I've won or get bored. I have never played D&D with dice and friends so I don't know if it played by all the rules, none of that mattered to me.  I've played both Baldur's Gate games, found this to be have easier inventory style but not quest log/journal style."
76561197962966502,Recommended,325600,19834575,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,goocher,Can't believe this game getting reviewed so poorly!  Love it so far.  I understand if people's had different expectations prior to the release and they are venting... but at the same time... this seems like an amazing platform that can be expanded upon going forward. 8.5/10 easy.
,Recommended,325600,29117092,Posted: 8 January,all,thebluerider,"Great Old School RPG. Ignore the mioxed reviews - if you like this type of RPG, you'll like this game."
76561198057615916,Recommended,325600,18767956,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,jeromy1983,"There's a lot of hate surrounding this game. Every time there is a D&D product released people freak out because it's not what they expected, sometimes I agree (Daggerdale anyone?) and other times I feel like they are not giving the game a chance. I think this game is the best D&D game since Neverwinter Nights 2. Personally I'd love to see D&D put out a turn-based game like Temple of Elemental Evil, (Divinity:Original Sin more than proved there is a demand for the genre) but they chose to go with the real time battles in the style of Baldur's Gate, NWN, Icewind Dale, and Planescape Torment. If you are on the fence about this game and you liked the classic D&D PC games I'd say give it a shot. Gather your party and go forth, adventure in Faerun awaits."
76561198005337783,Recommended,325600,18865450,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,electryc03,"First off you may be confused by the low scores granted this game from other users.  I wonder if a majority have even played through Sword Coast Legends as I have.  What gripes most as you will read is that although this game is based off Dungeon and Dragons, the games rules system is not.  This game plays more like a Dragon Age/Diablo than say a Temple of Elemental Evil (3.5 rule set).  This is my major dislike as well as I have with this game.  To not recommend this game though is a bit on the spoiled gamer era we live in.  Not to give this game a chance is a shame.  Now to the listing of my Pro's and Cons.  Keep in mind this is from the original campaign,  I haven't tinkered with the DM client, or Multiplayer to comment on it.Pros: The Graphics are beautiful to behold from a top down game.   The soundtrack reminded me of Neverwinter Nights 1 & 2.  The voice acting was surprisingly good all around.  All characters were well thought out with a believeable backstory.  *My favorite was a certain insane derro you stumble upon!*The Bad:  The Save games, you only have one save game, with another option of  ""default"" load which puts you at the beginning of a level(Possiblity of Hours of Lost Progress!).   Monster Difficulty, Don't be too despaired by the one save game option due to the fact that you rarely get the Total Party Kill in this game on normal difficulty or below. Rulesets. PLEASE!!!  If I wanted to play Dragon Age, or Diablo I would buy those games.  If I buy a Dungeon and Dragon game I want a Dungeon and Dragons RULE SET.Final Thoughts:   Take the other negative reviews with a grain of salt, this game is not buggy and runs well.  Yes the rule set component of this game severely drags it down for me and others but not to the point where I would not recommend it.  Come for the Story, come for the opportunity to play in Faerun and make memories like you did with Baldur's Gate and, Neverwinter Nights."
,Recommended,325600,22352785,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,chrodo,"Before I start If you are looking for a new Boldersgate with this game DO NOT GET THIS as it is based on wizard of the coasts newer tabble top rule set (4th ed and 5th ed) not AD&D witch Boldersgate was made from. Spells are not done by spell book any more but like powers or skills that a class knows !That being said It is still set in the Forgoten Realms , Places , people and history is taken strait from the Realms core gamming books and novals with the big changes being in the new rule sets (Wich suck , Wizards of the coast lost the plot after D&D 3.5 ). Most D&D tabble top gamers I know have moved on to Pathfinder and said a big Good by to Wizards and dont let the door hit you in the A@# on the way out !this is why this game or any other game set in the Realms or other D&D settings will never have the same feel as the older Boldersgate as Wizards of the Coast want the games to sell there Table top products , So they will not allow new games devaloped on there lisenses to go backwards .So with this in mind I don't mind this game at all , yes its not Boldersgate or neverwinter if you wan't to play them play them there re-released and breen brought up to scrach with todays tech.So I would rate this game a 3.5 out of 5."
76561197982601165,Recommended,325600,18730195,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,SilentScope999,This is a fun game especially if you like D&D. If you are used to 5e the character generation and customization can be a little bit of a letdown. The greatest part of this game is the combat mechanics. It feels like League of Legends mixed with an RPG which makes for much smoother combat and easier decisions. The story is also very good with excellent voice acting.
76561198157184746,Not Recommended,325600,19379769,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Bux-33,"can't recommend this game simply because it uses someone elses background, hardwork and ideas to sell the devs cookie cutter rpg.  only thing that is D&D here, is the title and setting.  if you don't care, its a 5/10 kinda game to run through. you won't find anything new here that hasn't already been done better some where else, its just that this game got the rights to the most popular title."
76561198007000988,Recommended,325600,24236931,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,[TSL]SilverHelios,"Personally i dont understand the hate towards this game, it still has really good RPG gameplay but with a bit more action.I would recommend it anyday to any NWN or D&D Fan"
76561198002600308,Recommended,325600,18856339,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Auticus,"I don't think this game is bad.  I think that if you were wanting Baldurs Gate 3 that I can understand the annoyance, but for me and the people I play with this has been a lot of fun."
76561197996596737,Not Recommended,325600,30155320,Posted: 24 February,all,Ravage,"This game is so bad.  Bad UI, sluggish controls, bad story, bad graphics, bad sound, bad multiplayer, bad everything. It's a slow, boring, drawn out struggle to do anything.  Sword Coast Legends,  I award you no points and everyone who played this game is now dumber for doing so.  Another failure in a long line of D&D software failures."
76561198045758257,Not Recommended,325600,30310053,Posted: 4 March,all,Skyll,"No longer updated. Wanted to like it, but it wasnt wat i was looking for in a DnD game. Ok hack n slash, but I cant recommend this."
,Not Recommended,325600,23912796,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Monsterberry,"I absolutely love D&D and Forgotten Realms in general and I really liked the writing and voice acting and characters and quests but the combat is tedious and the character movement is slow so combine that with loading times and poor performance and glitchy multiplayer and I got a game that severely tested my patience until I finally uninstalled it and wrote this review. I really, really wanted to like it, but I couldn't."
76561197966476862,Recommended,325600,19842182,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,econson,"I am only playing the game in signal player mode and have played the game about 30 hours during the free weekend offer. I found the game so far to have a good story line and I do like the pause feature in the battles. I am not sure why this game had so many negative reviews as it is a good RPG game that I almost pass on because of the reviews. I am glad of the free weekend and half price offer as it helped me pull the trigger to purchase the game. This game seemed to be made to bring in D&D board game players into PC game play and maybe they’re the players who have been disappointed with the game and hence the reason for the mixed review of this game, but this is only speculation on my part as I have no date to back that up. Bottom-line: In my opinion if you liked playing games like Neverwinter, Pillars of Eternity, Dragon Age Origins you most likely will enjoy playing this game as well. This game also seems to have a lot of potential beyond the single player mode that I am playing and hope one day to find a group of casual gamers to check out the multi-player feature with."
76561197961435775,Recommended,325600,18819230,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Ack,"Gamepley is a bit simplistic and it doesn't feel like a D&D title at all, but this game can deliver numerous hours of happiness."
76561198007378862,Recommended,325600,19822069,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Jetwolf,"Okay so I guess you are one of those clever players who is here checking for traps before you purchase right? Good for you! There is a lot of hate aimed at this game. I have only one personal neg: the first five minutes were not enjoyable, that being the tutorial dream sequence of the campaign with silly blurry effects whilst I was trying to find my feet. But then that nightmare ended, and all became coherent. The campaign is a little trite, but then the campaign is not the strong point of this game.One of the main complaints aimed at this product is that it isn't true to D&D, nor can it compare to the tilset power of NWN. The thing is, if you want to play a game faithful to D&D, rules and all, just go play D&D. We already have D&D. Five editions of it, seriously: use Roll 20 or invite your mates over and have a game at the table. That's as D&D faithful as you're going to get! Want NWN with better graphics, fine, this isn't it, but this isn't a cheese burger either, and all the cheese burger lovers aren't on the forums ranting like drunk harpies.Having said that, let's move on to the positives. If you like D&D, and you enjoy the Forgotten Realms setting, and you like a good dungeon crawl or narrative with a distinct D&D flavour, you will likley enjoy this game for what it is: D&D tropes with some lightweight dungeon design tools.The free weekend gave me a chance to try this game for myself after reviews disuaded me from purchase prior to now; I now own the game. I particularly enjoy the elegant dungeon crawl generator, where one may stack level after random level and drop their character into the gloom. Looking forward to more content for this game as I currently explore the Module design tools - lightweight but fun and accessable thus far like the previously mentioned random dungeon crawls. Sword Coast Legends is fun and accessable and worth a look. Going by the forums, you've got a 50% chance of being charmed and a 50% chance of turning into a drunk harpy. Roll it."
76561197973723668,Recommended,325600,22469964,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,*Schoon* Dunning-Kruger,"Really quite enjoyable! Hilarious dialogue, excellent voice acting coupled with an interesting story line. not sure why the scores are so low on this one... i guess they should go play some COD: Modern Warfare 38 ?"
76561197983933959,Recommended,325600,18778946,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Lord of the Turkeys,Why in the world is anyone downvoting this? I'm about to finish the campaign and have an easy 40+ hours into it. It has been the best gaming experience I have had in many years.
,Recommended,325600,18679930,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Mordreth,"This is a game, you get to craft a character how ever you want. Its less spammy than D3 and with the ability to pause combat you can be very tactical about how you approach groups of enemies. Though being low level each time i ding and my party gets better the options are increasing. As for the lore it definately has a Baldurs Gate feel to it."
76561198013899064,Recommended,325600,19827843,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,jaguar10books,Never played D&D card game but I loved the Neverwinter Nights series (minus Sword of Zehir which was a bomb).  This reminds me of those games and I liked it.  I played Single Player and battles were just challenging enough to keep me interested.   Story is kind of blah and too much unnecessary dialog but that kind of goes with the Neverwinter genre and its like.   Needs more instruction on how to use mechanics - even after playing these type of games for years it took me awhile to get the hang of it again.  Would prefer holding to left mouse down to move not point and click.  I would recommend it but not at full price.  I'm buying it at half off.
76561197994155483,Recommended,325600,18624927,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Illegal Syntax,Dragon age origins using 5e.needs some more polishing for multiplayer.
,Recommended,325600,18705297,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,MisterMurse,"I'll be honest what got me really excited was the whole Idea of a DM and players creating amazing modules. Though so far all I've heard was that the tools that DM has to create with is very limited. I also find myself wishing for more classes and spells as so me classes feel completely the same (paladin and cleric).Though this is very dissapointing, I would like to believe that these problems will be updated by the company via DLC/Expansions/update.I find the Story Mode excellent and enjoyable and with that I see the possibilities of Users creating equally epic works.I feel that the issues plaguing this game is definitely something that the company will be working on, (especially since everyone made such a big deal about the DM limitations) and that the problems with the limitations on spells and classes is something that future DLC can fix. I think that the game's features is overhyped from what it actually is but I don't think its a horrible game either. I think that the game will definitely live up to its promises after a couple fixes and expansions/updates.I think its worth it to purchase this game so far. Now if they start making us pay like $10 for a single new class or for a few monsters to create on the DM, I will quickly change my stance just like my experiences with evolve, it was a great game but once it got really microtransactiony I just totally left the game. I'm totally open to purchasing expansion packs and dlc's (though slightly wary of dlc's) which will expand the original game and by buying this game its kind of my way to show support to the company. Just hoping they don't F us in the future.XD"
76561198004898587,Recommended,325600,18962478,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Friendly Fire,"Keeping it short, yes I like Sword Coast Legends. I'm a Baldurs Gate, Icewind Dale, Temple of Elemental Evil fan and playas a single player.I'll not lie, this game won't set your world on fire. I'd rank it somewhere above Temple of Elemental Evil, but far below Icewind Dale (With the Baldurs Gate series way above all of them). It is better than Neverwinter Nights 1, but maybe somewhere in the same level of entertainment as Neverwinter Nights 2.As I said, it won't set your world on fire. It lacks a certain drama or impetious,..... single player feels kind of ""underwhelming"" or blase' about all the proceedings. It is hard to articulate, but it lacks a certain "" dramatic high adventure"" feel to it and many of the side quests are very bland.So the story writing and script lets it down a little. Probably the biggest disappointment for me.With the exception of one or two characters,... almost everybody you meet is pretty forgettable with very little personality.Every time I hear a certain party member speak I keep thinking of ""Finchy"" from the BBC Comedy ""The Office"" which is kind of immersion breaking.A certain young wizard is probably the best written and voice acted character, but stands tall above the sea of grey forgettable other personalities.The Irish ""Culchie"" accents for Dwarfs work okay. I particulary like the choice of Dublin skanger for a dead rat gang member,... quite appropriate ;) . But much of the other voicework seems a little forgettable.Gameplay wise, it works and I like the party AI in combat.Graphics are nice enough, functional, but nothing spectacular. Maybe a little more colour needed? Some dungeons do look great, with lots of little details, while other locations are just a little bland. Overall, not too bad, there are some clipping issues with cloaks etc, but I like the visual representation of weapons and armor etc.I know this all sounds very negative, but Sword Coast Legends has a certain charm, which is hard to define. I am enjoying it. I do actually like it. because it does work, the story is interesting enough to keep me playing and it does scratch a D&D itch,... if not entirely satisfactorily.The big question is the games future;It has great potential. Expansion packs, more (and definately better stories) would greatly improve this game. It feels as if it was not fully realised due to time/ budget constraints or simply below par writing.With better writing, more personality injected into it and more drama, this could be a much much better game,... the raw materials are there. Maybe some patchs or expansion packs are what is needed to bring this game from the ""average to good"" pile into the ""above average to great"" pile."
76561198007250663,Recommended,325600,18591660,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,VonMourn,"Solid single player campaign. Engaging Random Dungeons. The DM mode needs more polish, but is still a functional frame work for the devs to build on. Overall a worthwhile game."
76561198026362400,Recommended,325600,18966170,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Dolyngwen,"Brilliant game with so much potential to come.  They do need to let us have many more options i.e. camera zoom, more items for DM's etc. but hopefully that will come in time.  It's a bit annoying that they have many options in the game for the devs but not us and I honestly am not sure why they don't just open up the options for us.  You can create a nose slider for your character but can't see them in game because of the lack of zoom.Other then that though it's a good game but the potential is what has me excited!  I only hope that N-Space can pull it together sooner then later."
76561197994864592,Recommended,325600,18964316,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Broad5ide,"This game plays more like Dragon Age: Origins than like any classic D&D adventure. That said, it was still a good game. I feel like most of the hate towards this game was because it was advertised as one thing and came out as another. Don't let all the mixed reviews make you miss this solid RPG set in the Forgotten Realms setting"
,Not Recommended,325600,25631139,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,The RealWorld // Nexwolf,Only a good game if you can go into it with VERY low expectations
76561198013397452,Recommended,325600,18722401,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Ardubich,"Is it 100% true to D&D? no...Is it ground breaking? There are some unique features, but no...Is it a unique kind of game? nope.Is it good? Absolutely.Sure this game has flaws and isn't perfect but it is fun. The bugs will get fixed (All games these days have bugs at launch)I have played for almost 18 hours (at the time of this review) and that isn't even scratching the surface. I still need to start a game in story mode, do dungeon crawls with other players, and be a live dm. The 18 hours are just the time I have spent creating just one of my campaigns.Bottom line: it's a fun game. If you are unsure then either wait for a sale or buy it and request a refund before you play it too much."
,Recommended,325600,18722582,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,agpoweredmg,"I've only played single player thus far, but the two characters I've built and played have been fun. The game seems like it will have an interesting story and I'm looking forward to an opportunity to play online with some friends. The biggest thing that I've noticed (complaint wise) it does seem to hammer my computer pretty hard. I""m currently on a Mac book pro with 16 GB of RAM and a 1 GB video card. I haven't experienced any lagging, but it definitely pushes my computer. The only other complaint that I have is that when I attempt to run the game full screen on my secondary monitor (1920x1080) it only shows up in the bottom left corner with white at the top and right sides, along with offsetting the mouse pointer. It plays well windowed or full screen on the primary. It's a good looking game with a pleasant sound track. It would be nice if there were voice overs for all NPC interactions, but there aren't. All in all I think it's a pretty good game that will give me a lot of play time. I would be happier with it though if the deluxe version had been set at the standard price point and the standard had been a bit cheaper."
76561198025393827,Recommended,325600,19783204,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,nightbringer0000,I am actually enjoying this... so far tho I have only scratch the surface....I am playing the free weekend so far and I just may get this.... 19 bucks... not to bad on the wallet...would have smiled at 12 or 10 but you know... beggars cant be choosers ...so far a great game... i got Pillars as well so... I am set ..for a while....maybe lol....voice is well donecombat is well done ...I mean it is based on 5th edt kind of and ...I think that is fine ....a true D and Der I am ...and i dont mind the hard core of what they have not added to it based on what they havewell done dev team well done....
,Not Recommended,325600,18588112,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Shraska,"Holy moly was I disapointed after waiting so long for this game..One word describes this game the best: ""LIMITATION"".I wanted to make an epic story with my own dungeons and maps, but was met with templates.You can't customize ANYTHING in this game. Items? No. Questobjects? No. Monsters? Yeah, color.You can't even branch dialogues! You have like 4 lines of text and then you have to make a new quest just to continue the dialogue, which isn't even a dialogue since you can't make a reply lines.Basically it's:""talk to X, get quest. Kill/talk/loot Y - completed"" -- that's it. You can't change anything past that.I am SO disapointed after waiting for over a year for this."
,Not Recommended,325600,19384042,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,StalkerDA,"3 Month later review...Game is some what good but not what i expected and im a 15 year old fan of D&D but is just my opinion in the world of serious RPGs this is like an arcade game of D&D what i mean by that is not so serious D&D rules are just used lightly no death punishment no immersion, concept is good but game isnt 100% D&D.In my opinion if you gona do a D&D game don't do it to attract everyone this game is like a MOBA and not D&D like i would have love to see turn base combat like in Original Sin and heavy and real use of D&D rules..."
76561198045411585,Recommended,325600,18950945,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,sparker627,"I'm just a few levels in to this game and I'm loving it.  Being an old geezer with the commitments that go with it co-op play doesn't really work for me and for once I don't feel excluded from the epxerience.  Clearly this game has played fairly fast and lose with core D&D mechanics and features and I was sceptical about skill trees etc but from the very start this game feels like D&D to me.  The locations and interiors look and feel like those from the days when I played 1st edition in the eraly '80s.  Encounters work like they did for me back then - a series of set pieces where you can bring a fireball to bear without alerting 700 square miles of antagonists - may lack realsim but it's how we used to play.Loving the character customisation - looking forward to 'role the whole party' which I undrstand will come in 2016.  With this feature this won't be far away from delivering the feel that Troika's Temple of Elemental evil delivered (best D&D adaptation ever in my humble opinion) but with a more instant action pay off for which I am very grateful.  Also very pleased with the frequency of loot and the uniqueness of the visual impact of items - something severely lacking in neverwinter online or whatever that was called.Looking forward to messing about with the editor.  My furstration with NWN was that the editor requried too much scripting knowledge to be accessible to someone without programming skills (mine started and ended with Applesoft basic on Apple DOS 3.2).  A simpler configuration based tool works for me and any expansion of the tool set capability over time is a bonus.Can't comment on the DM element of the game as haven't and probably won't use it.When evaluating this I think I need to do this against other D&D titles and for me it is the best one since the Troika and Black Isle titles.  I liked NWN but it always felt like it was missing something and I think that was look and feel which this game has in bundles.  It whoops D&D online, Neverwinter On Line and that dreadful 'daggerdale' title!  I won't even mention the shocker that was 'Dragonshard'.  How does it compare to other non D&D titles - probably need to get further in to it but I think it compares favourably to Pillars as Pillars was D&D like without being D&D (same goes for Dragon Age Origins) and as I said before, this really does feel like D&D.  Benchmark for non D&D games from the last couple of years is probably Wasteland 2 and to be fair that probably has the edge on gameplay and the true complex tactical RPG experience, but then it is still not D&D!Finally someone commented that some of the elements of this feel a bit MMORPG ish and I think that is a fair observation but I think it is incorrect to view this as a negative.  Would love to have seen a WoW spin off with a role your own party and tactical combat option.  Does this deliver that - not far off I have to say.If plenty of good quality DLC comes this will keep me inetersted for quite a while I expect.  The improvements promised will be a bonus rather than a necessity - would still love to have a 5 character party option though as the compromises associated with 4 feel a bit mean."
,Recommended,325600,18590439,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,mgk | brutha,"It all depends on the DM.I played about 50 hours in the head start and like a lot of players here I was disappointed. Not a lot of DM tools, tilesets, classes and so on. The graphics are okay for a game like this but far from great.Without a good DM (or any at all) the game is at best a poor Diablo clone. But then I played with a good DM and LOVED it. He paused the game in every room, described us what we saw, let us talk to the NPCs (ignoring the in game tools) and had us make saving throws (you can roll with /roll d20 for example). He let us decide what we wanted to say, to do and where we wanted to go. It felt like a proper game of table top D&D. So when you find a great DM or know one this game can be great.I hope they open a steam workshop and let players create new content and don't try to be to greedy, but so far I recommend it."
76561198013341721,Recommended,325600,18590727,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,DooDahMan,This game is fantastic...It will not be for everybody but so far my wife and I hav enjoyed it very much.It is simple yet elegent...the graphics leave a little bit to be desired...esp the camera control.I would love to see in game trading if it hasn't been updated already.It is limited a bit in classes but I expect within a few patches there will be far more meterial.If you enjoyed fate you will definitly enjoy this game...
,Recommended,325600,18588845,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,jeffpk,"Okay...  I can recommend this game to some people... and NOT to others.  Consider this a weak thumbs up.A lot of us I think wanted this to be NWN for 5E.  When it starts it seems like it might be... but it quickly goes off those rails.    Character creation steps away from D&D when you hit skills and proficiencies and subsitutes an MMORPG/CRPG style set of skill trees.Popping into the module editor that first thing that is imemdiately obvious is that, although maps are tile based, the tile maps are randomly generated and not directly editable.All in all, this seems like it could be an amusing and fun multi-player CRPG dugeon crawler.  But its not the NWN repalcement we hoped for, missing it be a good mile."
,Recommended,325600,18777056,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,LoneWolf155,"Good game and given the recent plans posted by the Devs it feels good to say that it will be getting better. Obviously, there are some issues with the game but this game certainly doesn't deserve as much hate as it has been getting. Really, your opinion of the game will depend on the expectations you hold going into the game. Many people thought they were getting a true to form 5th Edition game but in reality the game is merely 5th Edition inspired and [plays much more akin to games like Dragon Age or Diablo. It is important to note as well that this game was made by some of the same people who made Dragon Age and it shows.Goods:- Good Storyline containing fun characters- Multiplayer is a blast with a good party, and even sometimes without- Between all of the classes, there are a ton of different skills to check outBads:- Performance could be better and some bugs are leftover- DM Tools feel lackluster- Gets reptitive by yourself (for me it did), I recommend playing online with friends"
76561198109040881,Not Recommended,325600,18954160,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,2getdavis,"Unfortunately for a gamer looking for an experience that mimics D&D 5e this game is not it.  It appears as if the developers in their haste to get the game to market and please both the hard core D&D enthusiast and the console gamer community compromised on the product and probably didn't hit the mark with either.For those that have spent decades enjoying D&D the purist in me was disappointed that the product missed the mark on delivering a gaming experience to even come clost to a tabletop game with the richness that it can provide.  The story line was weak, the game mechanics to dissimilar to the 5e rules,  the control of the characters in the game was lacking when in battle allowing them to do whatever they wanted and the AI was lacking in its ability to make even the most basic ""good"" decisions.  The game feels like you are just going along for the ride as a disinterested third party.  I lost interest in the game very quickly on as it was also slow and jerky with the graphics being just ok.  All of this combined made me abort on spending hours trying to get enjoyment out of it when I have other things that I can do that will provide me more enjoyment such as actually playing D&D, reading a book etc.  For those that haven't experienced better computer simulations of D&D it may work for you but the purist will be dissapointed."
76561198262132586,Not Recommended,325600,19318807,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,hatredcoptor,Combat is clunky. Most of the time you are just auto attacking and waiting for your cooldowns to refresh. They should be ashamed to call it a D&D game. It is more like a cheaper Diablo that is not as good. I was looking forward to making multiclass characters but in their wisdom. the devs decided against giving you that ability. Overall I would give it a 5 / 10.
76561197973591560,Not Recommended,325600,19393440,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Sergeant Frank Drebin,"Major dissapointment. What could have been a really good game is pretty average.The story mode is buggy as hell.Shops that don't keep inventory you sell to them so you can't buy it back.Saved game system that can trap your character in quests that can't be completed.Support that offer the chance to reset your character to level 3 (wait no, level 1) when the game bugs out and traps your character in a quest.Every time you want to chat with an NPC the whole game pauses and zooms in on the NPC.The game system where a wizard doesn't memorize spells and there is no sorcerer is pretty disappointing too, it's certainly a lot more like  a port for a mediocre PSII game than an original and awesome Baldurs Gate V or something that I was hoping for.I asked for a refund but was denied by steam.Save your money and buy fallout IV this game is a turd."
76561197993372981,Recommended,325600,18588262,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Pugachu,"Loving the game so far, about 20-25 hours into the campaign when writing this (Not sure why head start play time is not shown - currently about 70 hours of play with all the pre-launch play). The Story campaign is fantastic, if you want a fun little adventure I'd recommend it. I feel like I am about 50% of the way through the campaign at 20 hours. I've been playing the entire campaign with my close friends and we are all enjoying it.They are a tiny little company and they've made a fun experience that you can play with friends. Would recommend."
,Recommended,325600,18591386,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,MIRRARDU,"(HAD PLAYED IN HEADSTART - so had some idea of what it'd be like on launch)Having soo much fun with this atmWorlds away from actual D&D but standing alone as a multiplayer game it's amazing9/10-only downsides are long, buggy loading times and not being able to completely customise your own dungeon layouts"
76561197993255516,Recommended,325600,19168686,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Geata,"The reviews are pretty mixed for this. I didn't come in thinking it would be the grand experience of old D&D games. Wizards has also had spotty success in their digital realm so I didn't I wasn't expecting the most polished gold nugget ever.What did I get? A surprisingly great game that made me think, strategize, curse, gasp, laugh (a LOT), and even worry about choice.Disclaimer, I have no tried any of the other modes outside of Single Player. This review centers purely on it.How would I break it down?Length - Personally, I felt it almost a bit short. It feels almost as if it ends abruptly. Honestly, 10+ more hours could of been added onto the game. A bit more intrigue, betrayal, pursuit. Without being a spoiler boy its hard to explain where these would fall in, but once you play the game I think you will understand. Not padding mind you, straight main plot length feels needed. Final note on this: the ending felt forced. There should of been more options, I feel.Combat - Just about right. I didn't like the cooldown idea, but after a grumble I just accepted it and adapted. Vancian magic wouldn't of made it better. It would of kept the feel of pen and paper D&D, sure, but the cooldowns work just as well and are a bit more welcoming to those of the digital age who don't have the masterful experience of knowing which spells to prepare and being properly sparing with them. Having the pause and micromanage of D&D games past was very useful, especially when there is no way to alter the AI thought. I MAXED OUT CHARM! USE CHARM DAMNIT! AI selection of the best spell/ability/whatever isn't the best, but its not dooming.Graphics - Some said they are bland. Some have praised them. I say they are just about right. You'll be zoomed out all the way for the majority and to ensure things don't become muddy or distorted more restrained textures might be useful. This is really only for character models. I fould the environments well textured, though I must say I am not a snob about these things if the gameplay is good enough.Depth - I don't need to talk about inventory. Played an RPG? Dealt with inventory? Then you know how it works in this game. As for abilities and character progression? I found the skill trees kind of annoying. I can see why there is no multiclassing, as it wouldn't work well with how they laid out character progression with the skill trees. I also feel almost as if you don't have enough points. Any good wizard worth his salt would have Lightning Bolt AND Fireball, but I couldn't make them worth while without dedicating almost 3 levels just to those spells, which left other parts of the wizard tree barren and unloved for far too long. Now granted it does let you feel as if you had chosen your archetype like in pen and paper 5E D&D.UI Features - LET ME SCROLL THROUGH ALL MY PARTY MEMBERS WHILE AT CAMP! Sheesh... I hate having to get 3 party members, go into a town or somewhere, update equipment or level them up or whatever, then have to go BACK to camp only to get more members to then go back to another map with them to update THEIR equipment. Is it so hard to let me equip everyone all at once in camp without having to form, disband, reform a party? Other than that, the UI is laid out well. Everthing is in its place as far as where gamers have come to expect them. The full screen map is a bit annoying as I couldn't find how to scroll through it so I could see the best path way to wherever I wanted to go or to ensure there wasn't a tunnel I left unexplored. Other than that, on par with most RPG UIs.Final Thoughts - I can tell this game was made with love and care for both the world, the game, and everthing else. They made the best they could and already have patched it to make it better. They had a grand adventure for single player that could of been extended a few more hours.  The combat is fun, fast paced, and lets you micro like you remember in older D&D games. The graphics aren't cutting edge, but they don't make your eyes bleed. You might even think some of the effects are quite lovely. The story was beautiful crafted but feels a bit hurried at the end, but you'll find yourself excited and loving almost every single one of your party members. Be ready for a departer from D&D, but not so far of a stray as you'll still feel in familiar territory.Give it a shot, for sure!"
76561198007216063,Not Recommended,325600,29788738,Posted: 8 February,all,Peter B,A failure in almost every regard. The idea of implementing a DM - function is wasted on an unflexible system that have very little in common with the real D&D 5th edition rules. What you get is a generic dungeonhack that have very little in term of customisation and storytelling.If you're looking for the next NWN keep searching cause this is not it.
76561198041725120,Recommended,325600,18668964,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Auberon,"I am confused as to why this game has gotten such poor reviews so far.As a fan of the genre, it is a must play for me. Graphics are solid, the combat controls are good and the character building is interesting and allows for flexible character development. 9 hours in to the story I am intrigued to uncover more.The cooperative function has been great so far, a few glitches aside.I played both Pillars of Eternity and Divine Divinity this year, and would like to say this game is up there with them.It is not as polished as either of them, but it terms of straight up fun, accessible dungeon crawling and exploration, this game definitely holds it´s own. I am likely to revisit this review upon completion of the game and having played around with dungeon master mode, but I felt I had to contribute with something positive as I fear a lot of people risk passing on this game and really missing out. I also feel like the developer deserve much more credit than what they´ve been given so far."
76561198038763194,Recommended,325600,19128779,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,jms0784,"This is an absolutely great game and is very reminiscent of the Baldurs Gate games I grew up with. I am somewhat bemused by the bad reviews - and think they are a little harsh considering the creative and replayability aspects of the dungeon master mode.If you love D&D, Baldurs Gate, Icewindale or Neverwinter then get it - end of."
,Not Recommended,325600,18634652,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Brightmist,"DO NOT BUY, IT'S A SCHEME.This game is a multiplayer action RPG under the guise of a CRPG:- Character classes got nothing in common with original D&D classes except their name: You get a crappy talent system where you level up spells and every spell is cooldown or proc based.- Combat has nothing in common with D&D: Creatures have way more HP than they're supposed and they hit for far too much unless CC'ed or you got a tank. Turns take about 1 second or less and every character except maybe a shield bearing one in full plate armor is way too squishy and will get eviscerated in 1 second or less. To compensate this, they give you the ability to click-to-res where any character can res another just by clicking on it in 1 second or less so your best combat tactic are RES TRAINS !!!Also there's no rest and no spell memorization system. Since spells and talents are not D&D based, eventual product of combat including rolls and other stuff (running away in combat actaully works!) has nothing to do with D&D either therefore causing attributes to lose meaning, not that you had much say on those creating a character (can't put less than 8 in any attribute).- Questing are like of a generic MMO, grocery list style. Except attribute-check dialog options, you literally have no other options except talking with the NPC that has a ! sign on its head and even then, dialogue options are limited and generally doesn't back your alignment specific actions.- Co-op multiplayer is a mess: When played with 2 people, host controls 3 characters and guest controls 1 which is a total failure since one guy has to control 3x the amount of characters in a realtime game which causes one guy in a position to do a lot of stuff in a short duration while the other waits. You can't change control of companions. Also host decides every dialogue option related to main story while the guest is only watching. Guest can only interact with side-quests or vendors. Also pause system with short rounds is a total mess.- Friendly AI is a mess with no way to set it up how you want it to play: Characters in your party will keep on casting random stuff if you don't micro-manage their every action and you have no control over it,- DM Mode dungeon crawl is an original idea but seeing where the DM is really kills all the immersion.TLDR; Do not buy, go purchase Divinity: Original Sin instead if you wanna have co-op campaign fun or play an actual mmo if you wanna do Dungeon Crawl."
76561198062120171,Recommended,325600,18679842,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Klaysor,This game has so much done well and has the potential to be a great game but as it stands now it feels very incomplete. The limitations with the campaign editor is a huge disappointment. My recommendation if you are looking to have a customizable Dungeons and Dragons experience go buy Neverwinter Nights.
,Not Recommended,325600,18983675,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,strerror,"I had high hopes for this game, finally a game I could play co-op with some friends without venturing into a fully blown MMO. Unfortunately the interface to this game let's it down (go check out Pillars of Eternity for how it should work) and it's not really following the AD&D rulesets too closely either."
76561198008599944,Recommended,325600,18659786,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Cheerupemokid,"The game overall is good. I know some people are disappointed, but it has really good potential. For now I have mostly stuck to single player since a drawback of multiplayer is a mixed bag.  It works if you have a group of friends playing with same mindset  RP vs Hack and slash.  It does not work so well if people randomly put on together without some sort of filter indicating playstyle on the join queue.one of the things I found lacking is storage or the lack of a stronghold.  There are several instances where a cleared location or house may become a base, but its a lost opportunity on the developer's side. Additionally storage is a major issue. I seem to be a packrat and it defaults on the leader's strength abilities rather than the party members individually (first playthru is a wizard).  Overall the NPCS work well enough and there are quite a few of my favorites.At its current stage, the game seems more like a diamond in the rough, but as it further develops with the community and game designers, it will really come to shine."
,Recommended,325600,18578805,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Buyung Kilat,"This review is based on the single player campaign. I have not played and do not have any real interest in playing the multiplayer campaign.Probably the biggest plus to this game is the story. The plot drew me in from the very beginning, and I can already sense that the stakes are very high a couple of minutes into it. The pacing is faster than most fantasy RPGs that I’ve played, and there is a sense of urgency through every progression of the main quest. The characters in general are quite well fleshed out, especially your companions. You will encounter some unexpected twists with one or two of them. The banters are quite clever and I feel they have just the right touch of humor.The combat will be hit and miss, depending on what you’re expecting. While the overall feel of the game is similar to the traditional isometric infinity engine, the combat mechanics remind me of Dragon Age Origins. Casting spells and using special abilities have cooldown periods. There is no need to rest and similar to DAO, you are provided a camping ground where you can converse with your companions and further their own individual quests. Personally, I feel it is easier to navigate through battles with the current system and I am honestly having a lot of fun with it. Also, most of the time, the battles are fairly easy which to me is actually a welcome relief as I’ve been playing some really tough RPG games lately. I forgot how good it felt to just relax and breeze through enemy encounters. There are complaints that the combat is nowhere near close to table top D&D as is promised. Well, if you’re that serious about those pen-and-paper rules than pay no heed to my opinion on combat since my enjoyment of the game does not hinge on the ruleset at all.Outside of combat, other game mechanics such as navigation can be irritating at times. It takes a long while for me to get used to the process of scrolling through an area. Even rotating the view can be a chore. The area map screen is almost useless since it does not give you the usual option of clicking on a spot and moving your party to that spot. Also if you’re in a pretty huge area, your map does not zoom out which makes it absolutely impractical for you to use, since often, specific locations that you need to go to is not visible on the map. I’m sure the devs will come around and improve on this sooner or later.Now for my biggest complaint; the save system. It is not as bad as having no manual save but it’s still pretty bad. Why? You’re only given one save slot. It is especially made worse with the fact that this game has just been released and there will inevitably be bugs in it. Once you encounter one that is serious, there are no options for you to go back a couple of steps and avoid the bug. You are basically stuck and will have to start over. I have so far encountered no serious bug yet but I’m a bit nervous at this point. The devs probably made this decision because of multiplayer, which, for gamers like me who is only in it for the SP experience is definitely not on. I really hope they make some serious changes on this matter.In conclusion, the story and lore alone already won me over. I just hope no progress killing bug will change that opinion anytime soon ^_^7/10."
76561197989634078,Not Recommended,325600,18583807,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Darx,i really really would like to give this game a good review but honestly i can´t.maybe i was expecting another never winter nights 2 and im dissppointed because i got this instead.but seriously think about it before you buy it.this game has so many issues and im not really into the meat of the game.they promised a lot about this game but i should have known better....
76561198002315853,Recommended,325600,35312857,Posted: 29 September,all,Glebe,"The first time I played this game i lasted about an hour before I uninstalled it. Went back to give it another go and am nearly at the end of the single player campaign and am very much enjoying it. Its a decent RPG / Baldurs gate / Icewind dale try game and if you like those games, give this a try.  A definite 7/10 from me."
76561197970817875,Not Recommended,325600,26029332,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,rmegginson,Played over 19 hous only to have game my character lost.  Seems there is no way to localy save gae.
76561197967092743,Recommended,325600,20051030,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,raidian,"The game is good but much too difficult in solo play.  As interest in the game wanes, getting groups/partners will become harder."
76561198071349680,Recommended,325600,20100789,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Cycle Therapy,"Despite the negative reviews...    I've been a huge fan of the D&D games (tabletop, PC, and console) for about 22 years or more.  I love this game!  I like that the map is Faerun.  I the familiarity of lands I've read about in the novels.  I love references to other lands mentioned in previous D&D games.  IS THIS THE BEST D&D GAME?  No.  I love Baldur's Gate II and Icewind Dale.  I thought those games were about as close to table top, book, paper, dice D&D as any game has come.  I'm not sure if the studio was the one making certain claims and promises or if it was the fans running their mouths in anticipation of SCL coming out that information got skewed.  ...but I don't really care.  I love the storyline.  Great voice acting.  The game looks great.  There are several things that I wish the game had, but the nice thing about it is that it seams to offer plenty of room for GROWTH.  I can see more and more quests and campaigns coming from the studio.  I can see Faerun being fleshed out in this game over next couple years.  I'm excited to think about campaigns in Mithral Hall, Menzoberannzen, The Ten Towns, or maybe even Thay.  I've read so many of the novels that take place in Faerun that I can't help but wonder how much DLC is going to happen for this game.  I loved playing through this storyline, and I'm excited to see what happens next.  I like what they've given us so far, and I can't wait to see what's coming.  I do wish the DM mode was a little better, but I can't help but think that too will evolve."
,Recommended,325600,20127593,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,YukiLong,"Warning: I'm not a DnD player so this review is from a standard MMO player's perspective.Pretty decent game, the controls remind me of Diablo at least for the targeting and movement. Your character is pretty customizable as for stats, races, and classes. I do feel a slight bit of limitation in the skills sections. Playing with your friends is fun my only complaint on that would be how when someone activates a quest or an NPC (that isnt a shop) that everyone is paused and focussed in on what that player's interaction is with said NPC. It would be an interesting twist to make it flow normally while such an event is going on. I.E. other players can still move around and do things as an option. This way it adds a little more depth to the story telling by requiring that player to relay information to other characters who may not be near that NPC or even in that room.Combat difficulty is kinda dependant on a few things. one your build, two if you have help, and three the campaign or mission you're running (or more specifically the stats on the monster or monsters you're fighting). While I can't say you can't build and OP build I don't think this is the type of game that you can really be successful at running solo. Hence the inclusion of the NPC characters that you can summon (or better yet bringing your friends in to help)."
,Not Recommended,325600,24159553,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,SpecOpsBear,"The game definitely evokes the feel of classic D&D computer games at first, but when you take the game as whole, its weak campaign and limited DM features make it not nearly as flexible as other modern products that share the D&D brand.I do not recommend getting this game at full price, but it wouldn't be a bad purchase at a deep discount. Still, if you want to flex your creative juices, you're better off running the actual tabletop game, or at least playing any of the titles with ""Neverwinter"" in their name."
76561198094081654,Recommended,325600,29199395,Posted: 12 January,all,Levy,"all these people complaining about the spells being on a CD rather then daily refreshes need to understand what D&D isD&D is a story, both told and enjoyed by the DM and the players alike, there is a base rule set, classes and races for D&D, but in the end they are templates, they do not dictate the story you experiencethis game is the same, we are the players, experiencing the story that the developers/DM have set for us, they chose to make the combat faster paced (and rib cage explody) to avoid combat getting dullthis is a great game, the story is pretty straight forward and predictable, but the choices you make along the way help change things upalso i have no technical problems with the game that alot of people are whinging about, if your game is laggy try not playing on a MAC"
,Recommended,325600,20094946,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Pendersen,"I actually had quite a bit of fun playing Sword Coast Legends, I cannot deny as others have stated before, it's NOT AD&D, though it does hold semblances.  That being said it is fun, IMO the DM portion is the most appealing side to the game, building a custom campaign to play with friends is great.  I haven't had a chance to delve yet, but if I can make a evil/chaotic characters and dark story line for them, I'd be most pleased."
76561198027307900,Not Recommended,325600,25836271,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Hyperion,"I was a fan of the old Neverwinter Nights game, and was hoping that this game would recapture the same spirit. Unfortunately, it suffered from all the things I didn't like about Neverwinter Nights and had far less of interest.The number of available character classes was severely limited, and was missing my favorite class (monk).The storyline involved way too much running around between different places and looking for things in areas I'd already explored with too little information on exactly what I was looking for.Important game content was sometimes found behind secret doors that weren't easy to find... so, when the thief in my group failed to spot them, I was left running around wondering what I'm supposed to do next. Eventually, this would lead to me either walking the entire perimeter of an area in slow motion or cheating and looking online for the location.Quests had bugs, so that sometimes I'd find the person I was supposed to talk to was missing, and I couldnt complete the quest.There were far too many unskippable conversations that you couldn't speed up, because you had to wait for the voiced narration to finish. This made replaying as a different class a bit unpleasant.If you're downloading this game because you're really into D&D and want to build dungeons to play through with your friends, then maybe this would be worthwhile. That's not my thing, so that was not a bonus for me."
76561198334085168,Not Recommended,325600,25948349,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,matoe123,PinkRectangle bug if anyone knows what to do against it please write. Also the gamecrashes during a dialogue. I would love to play it but it is unplayable that way. Therefore i cannot recommend it perhaps it works for people with high end gaming pcs.
76561198088259594,Recommended,325600,23113398,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,BoogieDK,"DM tools need a SERIOUS upgrade with:-- Blank area tilesets-- Easier way to make ""filler"" NPC´s ( No dialogue, quests, but just atmosphere NPC)-- Players can recruit NPC in DM modules-- More creature sets ( How about a generic set with farmers, merchants, urchins, citizens)-- Easier to navigate in--  Only 2 creature set pr. location is very limiting-- A way to make creature sets of your own instead of having to modify existing ones-- Better quest engine-- Dungeon creating could be WAY better ...This is essentially the core of roleplaying and the means to do it in SCL is very limited. .Still I will recommend this game to play , not to as a way to create an experience for your friends.And only if you can get it on sale. . 10eu untill the 24th."
76561198052317359,Recommended,325600,21575771,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,vereen70,"Ok, the other night I finished the game, and I can say it's a good game not great... but good.  I can also say that if the Devs update and fix some of the outstanding issues, this game would be incredible.  First I'll start with ""The Bad"" something has to be done about the in-game map, in-game camera, and in-game  quest journal.   The in-game map doesn't scroll.. plan and simple because there's nothing more frustrating than needing to travel the other end of the zone, but the map doesn't show you  far off parts of the map furthermore you cannot scroll in or out, not to mention horizontally either. The in game camera is also just as bad because it will leave you at odd angels unable to zoom in or out. I would also be aware the camera height changes as you travel through environments and it can break immersion and be very awkward at times. Last of the bad has to do with the game's quest journal which could use more detail for explaining your quest, and completed quests should be removed or placed on a separate page from the active quests, but  this is just my personal preference.""The Good""  straight-up the environments are gorgeous, the game runs extremely smooth on my system, and it's really a D&D ""type"" game, but some hardcore enthusiast may not agree. They really do capture the spirit of the old PC adventure games, plus it has a nice feeling which will open the nostalgia floodgates. I look forward to seeing how the developers go about correcting the bugs as well as adding new content.   I can honestly recommend this game because I believe there is a bright future for this title, and to sum it up I had fun, but then again your mileage may vary."
76561198023786225,Recommended,325600,35097132,Posted: 20 September,all,hellspike1964,games fun and enjoyable ...wish they had more playable character choices...like monks..love barehand combat ..possibly some 1/2 orks and such too ..that would be cool...games got a lot of downloadable modules too. some really good ones ..its well worth getting...
76561197969740903,Not Recommended,325600,24947271,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Eric,The game never lived up to any of the promises of the developers.  Then they went bankrupt.  Then the replacement producers milked the dead cow a few times.  DO NOT BUY THIS under any conditions.
76561197981683886,Recommended,325600,20313993,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Chronic,Fun party based RPG game. good if you can talk your friends into getting it too
76561198131888293,Recommended,325600,19810717,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Ronus,"I know there are alot of mixed reviews on this game, but I for one enjoy it. As an old school D&D player, (old school as in I was playing it back in the late 70's) this game has what many RP games are missing now adays. Also I find the DM mode very interesting and fun.You can easly make a campaign for you and your friends no matter where they are, and have a blast. So as my personal review I give this 8 out 10 stars. Only reason I give it a 8 is thier are some graphical gliches. So if you enjoy Old School RP, I strongly suggest this game."
,Recommended,325600,21454084,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,ShaggyJustin,Its good to finally see a game that is true to the D&D experience.  I am an old time DM from 2nd ED D&D and this really kills a the craving for gaming if I cant get the group together.
76561198165430906,Not Recommended,325600,24118413,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,stevekup821,downloaded game just have a pink box infront of character unable to play at all.Try and get a refund say that i played to long the only time i was on i was trying to fix bug.  Customer support sucks
,Recommended,325600,19799844,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,ruijoel,"EDIT: The developper closed. Don't expect new content from now on. Also, somebody please make NWN3 already.It's kinda like every other hack and slash, but with a pause button, mod support, and very energetic developpers. As I write this review, the mod tools are not powerful enough, but it looks like the developpers are working on it (there has already been 1 content pack, I have faith there are more to come)."
76561197960576941,Recommended,325600,20058057,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Inferno,"Sword Coast Legends is a great throwback to classic D&D games. It really gave me a nostalgic playthrough looking back to when I played Neverwinter Nights 1 and 2. The gameplay is easy to pick up and although I'm playing on 'easy' difficulty, there was a few times early on that i had to reload and re-assess several monster fights. The game's story progresses well and it's funny to listen to some of the banter from the companions.One great feature is when a storyline depends on the presence of a particular companion but that companion isn't in your current party, the game dialogue includes that character's dialogue. This is similar to in Star Wars: The Old Republic when someone who you are partied with has their hologram teleported to you to be part of the conversation. It saved me having to change the party to include the relevant character where they ordinarily don't add to my party's strengths.Having now completed the main story, my only gripe is that sometimes the quest markers work and sometimes they don't. When they don't it can be a frustrating time trying to work out/remember where the quest npcs are located. Some of the fights are tough and require some good strategic use of class skills as opposed to just tanking and spanking, so very much enjoyed the difficulty of the game even on easy.The developers have just released a new DLC pack so will be hitting that very soon. Highly recommend this game for D&D and RPG enthusiasts."
,Not Recommended,325600,22402844,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Cyggie ❤,"I tried to like it but I think the 5th edition tabletop version of D&D has just spoiled me too much. This is a poor translation of that edition with mechanics changed to suit a video game platform that, frankly, just don't work or deliver."
,Recommended,325600,23114452,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Kapelle,"Awesome well built game, not played a game like it for a while.Im giving this games a priase in my own views as ive played it, not based on reviews that i have read."
,Recommended,325600,23222448,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Funster of the Guard,"Sword Coast Legends is, from my pov, a good game. It has a great story, characters that feel alive, and the overall feel of the game is good. It feels like a DnD game, and at the same time it doesn't. And i like it. After all, if you want to just play DnD, whip out your dices and books and go play it. Don't buy SCL and then complain that it isn't an exact copy of DnD.Pros:+Co-Op and DM vs PCs+Campaign feels like a DnD adventure; you can achieve your goal by different means, your choices matter, etc+Voice acting+Character creation and progression is straight up DnD (no feats though)+The system as a whole+I have a talking necromancer fish in my pocket, 10/10. He keeps complaining about my socks though...+MusicCons:-Loading screens can take a while-DM mode is too restricted, can't create items, can't edit dungeon room layout-Playing solo can be a bit annoying as you control everyone, instead of being a member of a team-There aren't enough races (6) and classes (7), and no multiclassing-That paladin ♥♥♥♥♥ didn't give me his armorThe only technical issue i myself faced, was that i couldn't use the fullscreen option. (Alt+Enter helped)I rate it 7.5/10, maybe 8/10 because it is a good game, but i expected more from the DM mode.But because i am a DnD addict, i'm going to play it soo much."
76561198028127201,Not Recommended,325600,23247686,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Naurgalen,"- Only 1 save-slot means that if you encounter a bug that doesnt let you progress as I have its GG: You need to restart the whole game. (Tip: dont follow the drow when you catch him talking with the elf-wizard)- You cant report bugs in the forum, meaning many critical bugs wont be fixed"
,Not Recommended,325600,20437397,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,marshel,"after neverwinter nights 1, this game lacks everything a group of D&D players might find interesting.... promises were made by the developers but, some suddenly turned into a DLC ..... disappointing"
76561198021652296,Recommended,325600,18700309,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Dashotosho,"TLDR: If you're getting the game for the content creation, don't.  If you're getting it for the story and multi player through said story then it's prety awesome.I pre ordered this game with great hopes and dreams, those dreams were crushed.  For starters I saw a Tiefling NPC after knowing I can't make a Tiefling character.... what the hell?  You can't even make a Half-Orc or a Dragonborn, I mean come on people this is 5e, get with it.The game is great for a while but there's only so much to do and while thereseemsto be great promise in the fact that there's endless player made content, the reality is very harsh.  If you play through the story - which is great by the way - you'll think to yourself, ""Wow I'll bet there's some amazing player made content out there given what you can do with this game!""  But no, because the creation tools in the game areextremelylimited.  For instance you can make a custom NPC to give a quest sure, you can even give them abilities and stats and what not but.. why exactly?  No idea but back on topic it's very simplified.  The most detail you can have is talk to the NPC, get a one page explanation of what they want and either accept the quest or not.  You can't even alter what you can say to them at all, it's either ""We accept!"" or ""Not right now.""  You can't have any diologue or anything.  You also can't have events triggered either, like ""Say this to that guy and he attacks you"" for instance is impossible which wasverydisappointing.  Long story short if you get this game thinking the ability to create content will be awesome then don't do it.The story is awesome, so if that's what you want the game for then get it.  There's a lot of fun interactions with characters, banter between them and what not, some great reactions to things you can say and sometimes there's that NPC you want to just tell ""why don't I beat it out of you?"" and you actually can!  So it's a lot of fun.Gameplay there's nothing really new, just updated graphics and mechanics of previous games like this one. (Baldur's Gate being an example)  I really love how the traps are in this game and the search skill in general is very user friendly.  I should also mention that abilities are all on cooldowns, there's no ""you need to rest to get your spells back"" or anything of the sort.  Not sure how I feel about that.Another thing that will likely♥♥♥♥♥♥off a lot of fans of D&D is death in this game... there's like no penalty at all, not even the things you were fighting healing up unless a healer is present.  You just die, respawn nearby and keep at it until they're dead.  As far as I can tell you lose absolutely nothing.  Not to mention you can stabilize people in combat!  There's no ""dead"" status, only ""downed"" so there's not even a need for revive spells even though they are there.All in all I think the game is good but not great.  Get it on sale or wait for a serious update to the DM tools that will likely never come.  I do recommend it because it is fun, especially multi player.  Beyond the story though there's nothing worth having here so go into it knowing that."
,Not Recommended,325600,18943889,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Hawthorn,"Pros:Its polished.Cons:ITs really little more than a POC of what they COULD make. The single player mission is very basic, the DM module creation is limited, the spells and customization is simplistic.Reason Not To Buy:No replayability unless you want to jump into the clusterFSSK that is the Onine DM Mode, Not fun."
,Recommended,325600,20267636,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,CPLWeeks,"Wizards of the Coast can be a bit prmiscuous with whom they sell the D&D license towhen it comes to PC games, but rest assured, Sword Coast Legends earns the title Dungeons & Dragons. It's in the class with Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale and Neverwinter Nights. The interface is intuitive, The story is compelling and the characters and their dialogue are brilliant. This is a must for any D&D or RPG fan!"
,Not Recommended,325600,20368488,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Martin Cael,"Story time.Play as DM on Dungeon Crawl so I can play a relatively short run and set it to normal difficulty in case a griefer decides to go ham with fireballs to face on everything.Player level 9 Ranger joins, seems legit, plays like a rogue but its a dungeon after all, better safe than explosions in face. Run is good, decent pace. Made a few NPC along the way like Ogre zombie Bartender which was fun.Then enters level 7 cleric that seems legit until fighting starts. Seems to have stocked up on every single major/improved potion in the game by the cistern worth.Chugs heroic potions like water, perma stuns every major threat. Had to test it. Spawn lich, turn elite for good measure.Ranger stealths and backs away, cleric rushes headlong into lich and proceeds to pummel it in the face and perma stunning it to oblivion.Between swings cleric chugs a potion or two to keep all her buffs up. I think okay, maybe its because its undead so i throw demons, mages, and basically everything under the sun. Nope. Cleric proceeds to create what I can only describe as a holy war from one woman army all the while the ranger just slinks from behind and picks up the corpses as they are left in the wake of this holy force.Attempt to create a few secret doors to allow ranger to at least feel like he is doing anything. Cleric is a human radar. Doesnt even search, still spots a very hard DC secret door. OK, place very hard DC lock to attempt to allow the ranger to pick lock. Cleric proceeds to unlock very hard DC lock. MIND YOU, the only thing higher than that is Impossible which means none shall pass.Okay, now what? There is really no threat to the crawl and the boss monster is about to be encountered. Spawn Vrocks like mad, use up all DM spawn drops and wait.Cleric unlocks doors, gets met with two ugly demons in her face. She smirks and changes her tactic once she sees all the monsters in the room. Uses invisibility, because why not. Then proceeds to spam Call Lightning like its  a damn lightshow. Few minutes later and a whole lot of corpses later everything dies besides the cleric and ranger.Discover that I can make traps impossible to spot thus doing the damage, then decide to test to see if cleric is cheating in some way.Cleric runs into a minefield of traps comparable to North Korea, dies. Gets resurrected shortly after and proceeds to murder the rest of the dungeon.TLDR; Player characters can be broken to a fault and this game cant solve that issue for the DMs. Just go play tabletop D&D with your friends and hope this game will have decent 'matchmaking' or character creation"
76561198013603033,Recommended,325600,20285266,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Dosas1312,"It's a good game, I don't understand all the hate. If you want complex combat systems play PoE instead, this is a much more casual approach to party-based questing/combat and it works!Fun game!"
76561197988654089,Recommended,325600,33316093,Posted: 6 July,all,Zoikkis,"I cannot speak for the multiplayer but singleplayer campaign was really enjoyable, even if a bit buggy. Main campaign took around 40 hours to complete. Rage of Demons was pretty short and weak, clearly done hastily, but it was included as a free update so who cares. Loved the underdark sections in the main campaign.Not for those looking to play with true D&D rules but still enjoyable game with nice presentation. Definitely worth 10 euros I paid for it."
76561198003722244,Recommended,325600,19833903,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Redskull1944,"Despite the reviews, as a stand alone hack n slash this one fits the bill. It reminds me of the Dark Alliance and Brotherhood of Steel games."
76561198017509299,Recommended,325600,19835879,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Riru the Smiler,"Great game! It's a very good portrayal of the ""board"" games. It almost feels as if its rolling dice for every action. Be warned you will miss often."
76561198289705675,Not Recommended,325600,22299191,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,GheeD,"you would think a dnd game that advertises a dm mode would have the ability to a....a... create an actual campaign with a bit of depth. FAIL.you would think a dnd game that advertises a dm mode would have a diverse and extensive list of monsters to a...a....fill your campaign with.FAILBuggy.FAILOh, and this is not Dragon Age : origins so....whats with the skill tree set up? especially if this is based off of fifth edition correct me if im wrong."
,Not Recommended,325600,23216416,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Seser,"There are to many glitches. the main one being I cannot access vendors with out fadeing to a black sceen and forcing me to do a forced quit. This in turn means that I can no long play the game, to continue the main story line requires dealing with a trader. Cannot change the key bindings, which is frustrating. Another glitch for some reason my characters weapon jsut disapeared while I was standing in town, and has yet to come back. Playing as  a mage I have staffs, but the abilities of the staff only work if you actually use it as a melee weapon.If the HUGE glitch of not being able to interact with vendors were fixed, the game would be ok. The other things are minor in annoyance. but considering this issue it was a huge waste of money"
76561198009506875,Recommended,325600,21455501,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Roscoetoo,"Thumbs up because it's Forgotten Realms.  The game isn't bad.  It is more like Dragon Age than Baldur's Gate.  There isn't much for party strategy.  What I find annoying is the map system.  In almost all previous D&D titles you could open the map, click anywhere and go.  Not in this game.  You can't leave little notes on the map either.  The interface doesn't seem complete either.  You should be able to do almost everything you need with the mouse.  There are a lot of key bindings that aren't represented with the click and point of a mouse.  Just my own peeve I suppose.IMO this is a better game than POE.  The lore alone makes it so.  The game designers could have done so much more though.If you are a fan of the Forgotten Realms than this game is worth it.And my last critique... I am not a fan of the 5th Generation ruleset.   I've been playing D&D since 1978 and my love will always be Basic through 2nd Edition Advanced.100+ hours in and this game has me hooked still.  It's the best game I've played in awhile.  Solo play that is. I've warmed up to the 5th gen rule set.  It works for this title."
76561198008376957,Not Recommended,325600,22025658,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,crayz,"To say this game is a little light on strat is an understatment. If your interested in more of a hack&slash this game might interest you, otherwise ...."
76561198046477118,Recommended,325600,25703712,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Polydiscombobulated,"Yeah, buggy, occasional CTD's, combat isn't that difficult, graphics not the best and probably best run at lower res and frame rates, but a decent little game with a good story.Had a ball playing it, despite all it's faults. Well worth the money.Highly recommended."
76561198019804550,Recommended,325600,20330203,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Zindelis,"I enjoy Sword Coast Legends for what it is. a 5th Edition D&D game made by a small team. The main storyline is fun and I have enjoyed laughing as I run up and down the Sword Coast.  Playing with my friend (who quickly outleveled me) was a great deal of fun. One of the better parts with the voice chat, some randoms entered into my game and it was fun chatting while play.The mod support for player made dungeons is not perfect, however the developer has released two community packs on time with the third dealyed. I enjoy this game enough to purchase a copy for a friend."
,Recommended,325600,19834108,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,cb1derly,"I just recently tried this game.  It battle system wasn't quite what i expected when i first started playing, but after getting used to it, it is still an enjoyable system.  The story so far seems is enjoyable and has interesting characters that you get to interact with."
76561197978906602,Not Recommended,325600,23606942,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Faffard,"Stop! Don't Buy! As of June 1st, the developers have rendered the game unuseable to most systems. The pink square curse has infiltred any computer that doesn't have the right video card. The last update showed how much respect for customers this team has. I have never in my 30+ years of computer gaming had a company raise the requirements of a game that prevented the game from operating. Inexcusable."
76561197993236023,Recommended,325600,19813134,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Voxix,"This game was a lot of fun. Yes, it has a few issues, but its a lot of fun to Co Op with your friends. We tried the free weekend and it was fun enough to buy with the 50% discount for sure."
,Recommended,325600,20011793,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,RontheHunter,"So far this is a pretty good game. I am not sure why all of the bad reviews, the game looks good, the story isn't to bad. There are a few niggling issues I have with the interface that could have been more streamlined. It is good to have another go round with the Forgotten realms and D&D. I have also been playing Pillars of Eternaty, which is arguably a better game, and if you combined D&D monsters etc. with PoE interface, etc. you would have a great game. I am hoping SCL keeps getting improved and future DLC improves the game, but overall this is fun to play. I currently have about 10+ hours into the game and will be playing more. Worth the $40 for the game, and very much worth the current sale of $20."
,Recommended,325600,20016614,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ianthetechie,"A few hours in, I can certainly understand why people felt mislead by the hype. I can also see that it's not nearly as strict of a D&D game as most previous ones. However, it's still a very enjoyable game. No, you don't level your character in the same way as you do on paper, you don't have access to the same spell library, etc., but all in all, I think that this is a pretty decent adaptation of D&D 5 to the PC.However, if I could ""fix"" one thing, it would be the combat. The cooldown idea is actually pretty cool, and adeptly blurs the line between real time and a game turn. That said, I still don't understand why auto-pause after each round isn't the default, and I find that it's tricky to make my player stay put in ranged combat (I tend to play casters, so this is a bit of problem; I don't want to go rushing into the fray, but rather fire off stuff from a distance).Minor annoyances aside, I think this is looking like a very enjoyable game. Just don't expect it to be another Baldur's Gate and you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,325600,21512883,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Unkn0wnfear,"Sword Coast Legends is a fantastic game which a terrific battle system and extremely extensive amount of customization. It doesn't have cutscenes, but there is voice acting, and a rather decent story. The game is a good length and its 100% worth your money if you love games like Pillars of Eternity, Divinity: Original Sin, Drakensang and Dragon Age."
76561198118239618,Not Recommended,325600,26122671,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Skulk,"As a fan of all things D&D since the late '80s, I am sorry to say that this is the most disapointed game I've ever played. It does have its good points, but anything positve I could say is greatly outweighed by the general sense of unmet potential, frustrating mechanics and interface, and the over-blown hype when it was first released. I may be biased by having played earlier and much better D&D console games (Icewind Dale, etc), but regardless, there are much better RPGs out there, even if they are not in the D&D world."
76561198006963921,Recommended,325600,18668497,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Feanor_EdD,"It's a good game! Perhaps it will disappoint real D&D players, because it's much more arcade then it should be, and it has much less D&D elements than enyone expected ...Still, the game is based on D&D universe, and if that's enought, you may consider yoreself as a true D&D follower.Sometimes, this game remind me, the best RPG ever met: Baldurs Gate. Fortunatlly not only by poor animation, which was undoubtly awesome in 1998-2000. Anyways, the best way to remind BG is create a remake...Im hooked by SCL bacause i like action pause, and its much beter to pause everything inside Forgotten Realms, instead of comando squad games or Unknown Realms of any sorts.P.S.     Really, were to start voting for Baldurs Gate remake?"
76561198079996589,Recommended,325600,20736026,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Timm099,"Fist off this is NOT Neverwinter Nights -which was a superiour game. That being said, I have enjoyed this game for the most part. However there are some VERY annoying things about it.  You can't skip the painfully long interactions with NPCs where they feel the need to tell you their whole life story. You just have to sit there and take it up the @$$.  And second, when you are with a group and one of your group wants to buy something from a vendor, EVERYBODY in the party has to watch your initial conversation. So when I'm in the middle of leveling up or arranging my equipment and my friend wants to buy a potion, I am thrown out of what I was doing and have to watch him ask the guy what he has for sale.  Really? That is just bad design and really sucks balls.Other then that, it's fun in the way it reminds me of the ""good ole days"" playing Neverwinter Nights. But, once I finish the main campaign, I will be uninstalling it and never play it again."
,Not Recommended,325600,24002544,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,The Filthy Casual,"http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=715358626I uninstalled and reinstalled this game after this giant pink blob appeared on my screen.  No matter what I do, this is what this game looks like for me.  I was able to play it, I put about 2 or 3 hours into it and even showed it off to a couple of friends that liked the look of it.  Now, I don't like the look of it so much.  I've never encounted a problem like this and it is highly annoying to have paid full price for this game and currently it is compltely unplayable.  Obviously I cannot recommend this game for fear that others will encounter this same problem, whatever it is.  Hopefully by leaving this negative review, I can get some attention to the problem and some help correcting it.  Otherwise, the game shows potential, I'd love to actually play it more and even in a multiplayer setting."
76561198149482074,Recommended,325600,18705190,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Wabo The Great,"so far this game is Mostly what i was Expecting UR  given quest, Run an Collect Item's So, So for reason. but  U get Alot of Back Story if you hunt Them Out. Also Its pause an play Turn base, Witch i personally Love but Its not Everyone's Cup of Tea. Then You get DM mode  that is also played with other Co'op Style Player's///Now,Yes it could be Alot more things Done with this game that are'nt in It, But all'in All its Fun worth The cash an has  massive replay Value As U can play mods Other DM's made an So'on.The graphic's are fairly weak"
76561198108705332,Recommended,325600,33114316,Posted: 1 July,all,Hellscream,I have not finished the game yet as I keep trying the classes out but so far the game is very good and it was worth the money in my opinion.
,Recommended,325600,19831988,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Egon,i have never playde a DnD game before so i cant say anything if the game is a good or bad DnD butt as a game i love it
76561197992725777,Not Recommended,325600,26280360,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,KungFuBrad,"Strange to give a game a negative review 35 hours in (and most of the way through Act II) but long story short I really wanted to like this game.While it's not quite D&D, it's certainly D&D inspired. You ""crawl"" through the dungeons but my problem with the game was a feeling that I never realy got anywhere. Some small adventure spots off the main road; but mainly it always felt like I was ""going to quest zone X"" and then back to some central area, opposed to what felt like a grand adventure and traversing through the world.My 2 cents."
76561198079224911,Not Recommended,325600,19931715,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,julieandanthony1,No fun to play. Controls clunky and not intuitive on PC. Am still hoping for a true open world dungeons and dragons experience.
76561197991310164,Recommended,325600,19876423,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Woady,"It's basicly a newer and improved ""Baulder's Gate"". Which is awesome to me."
,Not Recommended,325600,20643928,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,wordsvsimage,"Notice: Undefined index: email in swordcoast_auth_activate_confirm() (line 558 of /var/www/live/sites/all/modules/swordcoast_auth/swordcoast_auth.module).Error activating account: Account not foundThis is the error I get on multiple attempts to log into the game. I created a new account through the SLC login screen. I was able to log into my new SCL account atwww.swordcoast.com.I sent the verification email as instructed...multiple times. Clicking on the Sword Coast Legends Account Activation link contained in my email only resolves into the above error code.When I log into my account I get a pop up box stating that my Account not yet activated, If you would like to resent the activation email click here.Click on the link, resend activation email, click on the link in the email to activate account, error code stating account not found.w. tf.Spent $20. Can't even play the game becasue the new account creation process is broken.Edit: Okay. so I fixed it cause I'm smart and crafty like that. I use my icloud email account and apparently when I attempted to activate my account loged into icloud through the chrome browser under my Windows 10 Pro account it was not working. I was able to activate my account using my iphone 6+ by clicking on the link in my mail app which launched the Safari browser and the account activated."
76561197960558586,Recommended,325600,22345340,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Darkcrono,"When the game first came out, it was a mess. From missed release dates, to pulling the game back because it was so terribly broken and bad. I uninstalled the game thinking that I had wasted my money.Recently I got bored and I decided to give it another shot. I downloaded it and began playing a Ranger. The game is vastly improved over what it was in Beta and initial release! It reminds me of Neverwinter Nights, maybe less complex though. I guess a cross between Neverwinter Nights and Dragon Age would best describe it.The storyline is pretty solid too. I am really enjoying this game. Pillars of Eternity was the last game of this type that I enjoyed."
,Recommended,325600,19798652,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,FOREVERREI,สำหรับผม ผมว่ามันสนุกเลยละ 8.5/10
,Recommended,325600,23157453,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Anysh,"I’m not sure what all the fuss is about because I'm having a lot of fun with this game. I'm glad I was able to finally start playing it. I haven't gotten real far yet so my opinion is still subject to change.I ran into one head scratching issue with commanding my chars in battle but nothing I would classify as problematic. It appears it was mostly due to my wanting to multi-stack commands and not understanding how that part works.I have had no technical problems and no crashes on three separate machines and a VM that I used. The performance wasn’t great on the VM or the old laptop but that was to be expected. All still very playable once adjusted to fit the hardware specs.I don’t recall any bugs but I really wasn’t looking.From a good old gamer’s point of view – above average. I can easily recommend this game to players that enjoy the genre, have a little patience and don’t take the little things too seriously."
76561198062432602,Recommended,325600,18718801,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,khrispin,"Let me clear something up for everyone, this is not a Turn-Base Game like other D&D games. This is a Fast Action RPG and is more like Diablo type of game. I like the fact that if you wanted someone to be a DM for the game and have 4 friends to play along. Then this is the game for you. No other game out there to date has this Awesome option to do this. Sure the rules are diffent from the D&D books and other games. But let all think about this for a sec, if this play like the books or some of the other D&D games. Then this would not be a Fast Action RPG with a DM and 4 friends type of game would it. For anyone looking for a Diablo type of game with RPG and DM, Look no further, this is the game you all been waiting for."
76561198073104965,Recommended,325600,18905457,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,shang1805,"The game is kinda slow and boring the first 30mins, you think to yourself wth am i playing this for? Endure it and it will turn into one of the best D&D game ever made. Love it!"
76561198024691918,Recommended,325600,19774255,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Andrey,"I have not played many DnD games before so I had no prior ""expectations"" like many people seem to have. For what it is I loved it. I see many people just keep comparing it to other games, I just played the game and accepted it for what it was without trying to compare it to something else.The combat is fun, story is good.I recommend this game."
76561198147450670,Recommended,325600,34031874,Posted: 4 August,all,zxzSCARFACEzxz,Good GAme
,Recommended,325600,18789628,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,ThDubya,"Good single player campaign with and OK length with a Dragon Age: Origins feel. As expected, the game was also similar to Neverwinter Nights 1 and 2, albeit the character system was slightly simplified with a combined ability tree (like Dragon Age) instead of feats and individual skill points (like D&D/Neverwinter Nights). For people who enjoy semi-linear (in that cities and dungeons have defined paths in which you can move, and there is not an unmanageable amount of side quest) modern RPGs, I recommend this strongly."
,Recommended,325600,18809141,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,sagan_nz,"Although I had a slow start with this game as I kept on trying to play it like D3, or equiv action RPG, well this game is not that!! Once I got my head around that it is a tactical game like D&D (feel a bit silly saying that...)I am getting into the deeper character creation, visually stunning environments and the need to have a balanced team to be successful.....the whole rogue role is a great character type! This is a great game which I can see with a transparent development roadmap from the software team and clearly is going to have a rich future with many possibilities for expansion and community developed quests."
76561198038049987,Recommended,325600,21041413,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Zach,Don't listen to people bad mouthing this game. I have played all the D&D games and this is by far the best one. Some people just try to look for the negative. I feel that this game has a lot going for it. I had a hard time walking away! I look forward to the rest of the game and any DLC they release.
,Not Recommended,325600,20615660,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Tenfingers,"3/10 Though I love the way this team looks. The overall gameplay, AI control, quest Journal, user interface left to be desired. With that being said story itself was a great story and the fact that its on the workshop on steam allows more user interface and content to be added on leaving the game much more replayability. I hope of future updates and patches the game fixes some of the bugs and problems that make the game just generally frustrating to play."
76561197997511701,Recommended,325600,18904518,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Xilamne,Combat is not as interesting as I'd hoped it would be. It boils down to blowing your cooldowns and autoattacking while the healer keeps everyone alive. The characters and story are wonderful. The development team has promised some nice updates and I am hopeful for the future of this game.
76561197970546831,Not Recommended,325600,20517485,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Knickersnatcher,"Game looks great, but in this day and age a Top down Isometric view is dated and uncalled for. If I could gift this game or sell it on the Market I would in an instant. Do yourself a favor and don't spend the money."
76561198006677069,Not Recommended,325600,20598425,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Mordicai052,"Have played it since beta, still cannot join a game due to some weird bug. Tried to use the useless support offered, still a single player game. Wouldn't buy again"
76561198019863583,Recommended,325600,18736412,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,BKD,"Nice game, it's growing on me. couple of things are clunky at first but overall I do enjoy the experience, it is a little more hands off thean others of the same genre. I wish there would be more AI customisations."
,Recommended,325600,19799973,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Orsome,I am a huge AD&D fan. I started with Baldurs gate way back in the 90's and my love was cemented with NWN. Both of those games I have played though more times than I can count. So to hit the mark that seems to be the real issue:This game is NOT AD&D but it is a bloody good adaption of it.Nevermind the bad reviews from the P&P D&D fans that take issue with this fact. It's actually pretty cool and in the genereal style of BG and NWN.Pros:- AD&D adaption- Forgotten Realms Wolrd- Graphics are great for this type of game- Reasonable storylineCons:- Lack of clarity in stats/rolls/mechanics etc due to the adaption rather than pure AD&D nature- Camera and controls can be clunky at times- Some side quests are not easy to figure out and can only be completed further in the storyOverall it's a good game if you want an RPG in the style of BG and NWN. Don't go in expecting to see AD&D though because you'll be raging along with the other hardcore fans.
76561197971733542,Recommended,325600,19837290,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,eddieg50,"played the free weekend and was surprised. It is a very immersave game, combat took awhile to get used to and I wish the animations were a bit better, but overall enjoyed the story, nice humor. Very similar to Pillars of Eternity, perhaps not quite as good but still very enjoyable"
76561197984168833,Recommended,325600,19949872,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,The Meanest,Good D&D substitute. I don't go by steam reviews and this game is a great example of why.
76561197994663060,Recommended,325600,18902111,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,martinakl,"Great game for what it is, enjoyable action RPG with good campaign."
,Not Recommended,325600,19339575,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,www.ninemil.com,A shadow of the game it's trying to be.Come back in six months. At least.
76561198008337544,Not Recommended,325600,32748480,Posted: 24 June,all,Retawolf,"There is no monk, no bard and no barbarian. It's nothing like D&D because combad is fluid and not turned based. You get many party members right from the start without knowing who they are and having to instantly learn all of them at once and control them too. It just feels really messy and hard to manage and control."
,Not Recommended,325600,20534478,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Aztrinity,"Disappointing. Endless, patronising bedtime-story dialogue that no variety of accents could save (if I was <10 maybe I wouldn't mind this). If you disliked NWN2, steer clear of this too. Nothing like the originals. Long live BGI, BGII, NWN and IWD."
76561198046063763,Recommended,325600,19109297,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,The Pope 86,"I am trying to figure out why there are so many mixed reviews on this game. I think it is great. I feel like the combat is very streamlined, and you don't always need to sit there and pause choose everyones skills or who they are attacking. THe AI seems to do a great job.I think a lot of the bad reviews stem from cRPG elitests. which is sad because it is an amazing game.I cannot wait to see what they add, hope the community starts backing them a little better.would i buy it again?♥♥♥♥♥♥yes, i am waiting to see if they offer a black friday deal, becasue all my close friends will be getting copies."
76561197985586617,Recommended,325600,21133750,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,MadBalls,"Damn nice game, lighter than baldur´s gate, pillars of eternity etc...but not bad. Got the deluxe edition from the sale about 15€, well worth the money! Wrong marketing brought so much negative reviews.Good game, good dialogues, good controls, nice community updates, feels like a good game, very enjoyable...well worth the money."
,Recommended,325600,20547206,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,JohnG,It's a very nice game.  The Single Player campaign has very good dialog and the story keeps you interested.  The community packs are growing and adding a lot of content to the game.  What are you waiting for?
76561197972117329,Recommended,325600,18592427,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,[BATL]Nightstryker,"Release ReviewWell so far I have put about 45 hours into the game IN THE HEADSTARTS. This is what I have found so far. The campaign is fun, a good D & D style romp. Good quests, nice story and good voice acting.Over all a solid 8 out of 10 for me for single player.Now for the multi-player. Love the DM mode just wish we had more control over what the players were doing and bringing in, like being able to look at the character sheets and inventory to see if they are cheaters. Need more control over loot for sure, Ninja Looting abounds in pickup groups.They told us that they were holding alot back from the multiplayer side to avoid spoiling the campaign, turns out the community was either being unrealistic on their expectations for what was coming or we were mislead by developers. There was not much more released from the head starts. NO NEW MONSTERS even some that are in the campaign are missing (DRAGONS anyone). NO NEW ITEMS again even tho there are tons more in the campaign. None of the additions that people were asking for on the forums were added, that I can see.Looking at about a 6 out of 10 for multiplayer as a module builder. 8 out of 10 as a DM or Player going thru a Module.BUT IT COULD BE SO MUCH MORE! The base is there just need the additions and polish.Really hoping the developers continue to support the game and make it great not just grab their money and run.........................."
76561198158415270,Recommended,325600,18844956,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,JohnHirose,I really enjoy D&D computer games.  Being able to choose between differerent races and classes is really fun.  I'm a bit confused about the rules for example I seem to be able to make a wizard with armor in this game.  I feel like the game play makes you choose a healer class if you want to play on normal.  I've only made it to the dark dwarve city so far with a bow ranger.  I highly recomend this game if you can figure out the rules. :)
,Not Recommended,325600,26164210,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Rey,"This game was announced as the inheritant of Neverwinter Nights and the DM mode/editing maps and campaigns features, but...Where are all these promesses ?We just have a very good solo campaign. But to be in the legacy of Neverwinter Nights there still is a VERY big lot of works to do.I really don't know if it's planed or if the game will definitively stay at this point, and so i don't know if i can recommend the game or not.For the solo mode : YES.For the custom DM/Editing mode : NO. And it was my first reason to buy it. I always would a NEW Neverwinter Nights, but i still not got it. I just get a beatifull Baldur's Gate with the NWN 2 look and 3D technology.However i still keep a little hope.May be if someone give me SERIOUS and VERIFIED information about the future i'll change my mind and correct my recommendation."
,Recommended,325600,18717959,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Kydo,"This game is what I have been looking for in a while. A Forgotten Realms Dnd adventure similar to the good old Baldurs gate. A good mix of story and action, as well as the ability to make your own adventures and stories.The ability system makes the six classes more diverse and the difficulty system is fun. Though it has a slight learning curve, I have warmed up to the combat system."
76561198032835753,Recommended,325600,19821232,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,DWAR,"Played for the free weekend and in my opinion this game is pretty fun. If you enjoyed classic crpgs of the past like Baldur's Gate/IWD/NWN series then you should give this a try. It apparently goes for the 5e D&D ruleset (which I know practically nothing about) but it does takes some liberites from what I can tell. I'll start with the pros then cons.Pros:-Single player campaign is pretty interesting as far as I got, I think I might actually complete it, unlike NWN OC which I got bored of by the end of chapter 2 lol (Modules was where that game shined). The story is interesting, and the npcs who join you along the way are humorous as well.-I like the combat, sure it doesn't feel that close to pnp what with ability cool-downs and such. But it works well imo. I have no idea how 5e plays so maybe it works that way, all i know is you dont have to rest after every couple combats to reset your spell books.-Player made modules can be downloaded from within the game. And there are already hundreds of them to choose from. Downloading player made content has never been easier (I cant stand steam workshop because every time a game updates mods break your game until they are updated)-For something different you can play randomly generated dungeon crawls where you have quite a bit of control on what it will consist of but not limited to: your objectives, and enemy types, the tile set used, how many floors and if there will be a boss. Really simple to figure out.-I never tried DM mode or creating a module but from some youtube videos I looked at it appears to be pretty intuitive. I think I could even manage it and I have never created custom content for a game. But at the cost of that, it may limit what you can do if you are very experienced at such things (dont go in expecting nwn tooleditor at least not yet anyways). Devs keep adding features to this as time goes by.-You get a persistant camp with a stash that you can visit during your adventures. The chest is really nice because you can swap items between characters with it.Cons:-This may not effect most people but I cant seem to keep a solid 60fps, I meet and excede the recommended specs but occasionally the frames drop. mostly in large areas or areas that have particle effects like snow falling etc. It is still totally playable for me, just breaks immersion a bit. Not sure if its an issue on my end or if its unity engine related.-Many of the down votes are due to the fact that you have to sign up for a 3rd party account. Really not a big deal, it takes you 3 minutes tops, and bang your playing the game. You can at least opt out of the email updates if you want.-Character creation is kind of limited in comparison to older D&D based games. You get the main races like Human (theres actually 2 sub race selections for this) elf, half-elf, dwarf, and halfling. Each with at least a couple sub races except for half elf. So no gnomes or tieflings yet but possibly in an update. They did just add drows apparently so you can get your Drizzt on if thats your thing. Also the classes are lacking, you get your basics but theres so much more I think we all want to see, like Warlocks, Monks, Bards, Druids, and Barbarians to name a few.-Skill trees... yea instead of your usual feat/skill progression like in previous dnd games you get skill trees for each class. Think Dragon Age Inquisition basically. That is not necessarily a bad thing but it could really be improved upon.-All in all this game is pretty streamlined, anyone could pick this game up with no knowledge of D&D or rulesets. A con no doubt for D&D vets but probably good news for people new to it.Unfortinately I cant say anything about MP because I only played single player so far, but what I know is you can have 4 players with or without a 5th as a DM. You can play the campaign with friends or try other modules or do some random dungeon diving. thats about all I know about it.Anyways this was my first review, I felt that this game deserves a some more possitive reviews. Thats what I think anyways. I played for the free weekend and then bought it, I think this game is worth a buy if you enjoy these types of games. Thats my 2 cents, have a good one!"
,Recommended,325600,25298609,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Cranial Perfidy,"I liked the Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale series of games, and this is their spiritual successor, even if it isn't a sequel. The story thus far harkens back to those games granting us a pleasent bit of nostalgia, while standing on its own and being a good, separate story that any new player can enjoy.The 5th Edition D&D rules have been adapted to a computer gaming format reasonably well creating a solid combat pace without dtracting from the RPG nature of the game.All in all, I would recommend this to any RPG player, and especially to any fan of Baldur's Gate or Icewind Dale."
76561198027255892,Recommended,325600,28312995,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Wombat,"As a fan of older Isometric D&D games of yore, this game immediately captured my interest, but I hesitated to buy this game for a long time because of poor metacritic reviews. About a year after the release of Sword Coast Legends, I decided to give it a try. I loved it.The last game of this sort to be released by Wizards of the Coast was Neverwinter Nights 2--a game that seamlessly recreated the D&D experience on PC and did it in such a way that it remains one of the better RPGs I've ever played, 10 years after its release. NWN2 is a hard act to follow...but Sword Coast Legends comes very close.Some game mechanics have changed for the sake of accessibility to those unfamiliar with D&D rules. Some of these changes are a bit frustrating, but none of them are game-killers. If you enjoy D&D, and you enjoyed games such as Baldur's Gate or Neverwinter Nights, you could do far worse than Sword Coast Legends.8/10--Would slay monsters again."
,Not Recommended,325600,30005635,Posted: 18 February,all,treesaver4future,"As much as I looked forward and enjoyed this game for so many hours...I cannot recommend it. Here is why...The downfall of this game is reflective of the last achievement I got in it: Family Matters.I was there from the start, anxiously awaiting the release, finally ready to see a group of developers try to tackle a D&D based PC game with (what I hoped would be) grace. Reminiscent of the system in Neverwinter Nights where you could run campaigns as DM and present an event, build your own world and allow others to experience the story.When I first dived into the game as a new player, I really enjoyed the graphics and the magic animations, the ability to party with friends and the single player story. I would say the main story was the most complete portion of the game, as the DM mode was quite lacking in any kind of custom building and lacked inventory entirely. The other part of the game that was not only incomplete, but was actually quite broken, was the buffs on items. It allowed the player to exploit it's capabilities without any hacking, to render the player invincible versus the environment because the mobs scaled to level, but not to the items the player had on, which could increase the power of the player exponentially. This problem could have had a solution. For example, if the NPCs were to spawn with armor of similar level to the player's, it would balance out the damage, but nothing was ever done.Because of these parts of the game which could have used some tweaking, I think this game could have fared far better in early access and overall listened more to the community which played it and the the fans that dedicated their time and passion into cheering on the developers.This is where family ended up being the downfall of the game. Perhaps it was the communication or lack there of, I don't know. When there was a much awaited community patch, the team decided to focus energy on making the game for other platforms and creating a DLC before completing and releasing an already delayed patch. I think if the problems that were emphasized by the majority of the community were attended to, perhaps this game would still be afloat.The DLC wasn't optional and updated my game automatically, which introduced a new bug rendering the game unplayable for me.Maybe some day someone will pick up this game and fix it up here and there and we can start building a community of players again, but for now, I just move on and hope someone will try again. I would love to roleplay on a player made server in a D&D based system or better yet, participating in creating it!"
76561197970731733,Recommended,325600,18667485,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,joe •̫̀●́,"This is another DnD game like baldurs gate, PoE etc. It is slightly simplified to be more generally availible. a lot of people looking for pure D&D rulesets will be disapointed. Interface is fine, single player is a good story. the quests/quest engine used for single player give it a feel of a lot of go fetch, back and forth style quests to advance the story. The multiplayer stuff is still pretty broken for random pickup games, but fine for coop/crawling with known friends. If you like PoE, you will enjoy this single player campaign, but do not expect it to win best in catagory awards"
76561198045735546,Not Recommended,325600,18588764,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,kithsander,"Granted I haven't got very far into the game, but I've played enough to know that I'm pretty disappointed with this incarnation of D&D, and if I could get my money back for buying the digital delux version, I would. There are a few classes missing as well as races. I'm really dreading these will be released later as DLC. Now, only $29.99, GNOMES AND BARDS! The classes aren't even in the same style as dungeons and dragons. It's closer to World of Warcraft with the ability trees. That was the biggest disappointment to me. I want to be playing a dungeons and dragons character, not something from Blizzard. I don't want to be allocating points in the Archer tree. I want to have bows as a weapon proficiency and either specialize in longbow or buy feats that help my archery. But, nope. Point allocation in a skill tree. Oh well. I'll still play it since I sunk what, sixty bucks into it?, but I'm really disheartened that we're still getting these ""D&D"" video games that are a pale comparison to what dungeons and dragons really is."
76561197970282280,Recommended,325600,18591640,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,VickyBeaver,"Ok, so its not quite what was hoped for as far as content creation is involved, GM's want to make their moduals as indepth as the main story campaing is, perhaps further down the line there will be updaits to allow this... that aside, playing though the main story campagin... I can tell how much work has gorn into this game, its soo much fun, so many little hidden easter eggs to find, tis a really good story, and a good game, even with no one to play with its been really fun thus far, If you want D&D go play D&D <3, if you want a fun little rpg that can be good with friends or on ones own, well give this a shot. It wont be to every ones taste but I know I have personally enjoyed what its offered me so far."
76561198072101711,Recommended,325600,18591823,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Maximus Viridius,"So SCL is an isometric (zoomable :-D) perspective RPG set in the Forgotten Realms D&D campaign setting, using a (highly) modified 5th edition ruleset.I will keep this rather brief.The GOOD:Excellent character creation in terms of making your character look how to want them to look.There are lots of race and class choices, as well as backgroundReally nice feel to the campaign. It just has it. This is a really big + in my opinion as a few D&D games of late have fallen by the way side in terms of single-player campaign.The way party members are dealt with is cool and refreshing (in a vintage way, if that's possible), and characterisation is very good so far (with really nice voice-acting).The combat system works well after getting used to it. Although it may have taken me a while (1-2 hours) to get used to it because of the sheer amount of time I've spent playing games like Baldur's Gate and Pillars of Eternity.The graphics are pretty (see the BAD for more details though...)Music is constantly playing throughout the game, giving it a ""Classic dungeon crawl"" feel.I haven't done too much multiplayer yet (I did do some in the headstarts though) but it works well from my preliminary experiences with it. The 4+1 multiplayer dungeon crawling is good fun, especially as the dungeon master can alter monsters, the environment, traps etc. in real-time.DM tools are quite nice, but I'd like more freedom and a free-form tile editor would be good, as well as the ability to make branching dialogue when making NPCs.THE BAD:The graphics are nice, but not nice enough to lower the frame rate of my highly powered rig to about 15 fps at max settings. I get ~35 fps on The Phantom Pain on maximum settings, to put it in perspective.The combat is just very slightly clunky. I'm not really sure how to describe it! Baldur's Gate is so smooth with how it deals with abilities, and I feel when I play this that I am expecting it to be a little more responsive, but that could just be my subliminal preference.Tree system is a bit weird and maybe gives each character class too many choices, but this decision may have been made because there is no multi-classing.The prologue is not good.... It is alright. Okay. Fine..... But that's it. If I wasn't confident I'd really like the game from previously playing Sword Coast legends I may be writing an entirely different review. It is far too linear and a little bland.My problem with other reviews is that most of the very harsh reviews are from reviewers that have played 1-2 hours. This is not enough time to really appreciate the game and I imagine most haven't even finished the prologue yet.As a die-hard D&D fan and player 9/10, as an average gamer 8/10."
,Recommended,325600,18629030,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Dagdorval,"The campaign is really fun. As a long time D&D player from NWN DA:O and Baldurs Gate, this game has a bit of everything. Personally I'm enjoying how they handled the skill trees and adapted the ruleset to this PC Game. It might offend some DnD purists but so far it's enjoyable.The party combat AI could use improving. The level editor needs a tileset editor.Buying just to play the game, I'd give this a 7/10. Buying and seeing the game evolve and all the missing features like orcs, kobolds, better level editor, tileset editor, and some patches to the core gameplay and tools to build worlds for DnD adventures like NWN1 - this game could be a grand successor.I myself enjoy the graphics and atmosphere, it's well done and suits the genre. Sounds are good, as is the UI.Need to be able to remove or minimize the quest window. Screen edge mouse scrolling is a really missing feature."
76561198031216172,Recommended,325600,19770041,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Trystane,"This game is definitely D&D themed - but it does use skills with cooldowns like most action rpgs and not like the typical D&D-game. For some hard-core-D&D-Fans this is a deal breaker - just look at a lot of the negative reviews and how positive reviews get ""not helpfull"" a lot.If you can get past that, it is an enjoyable game.  I did... and I do play D&D on computer since the very first Pool of Radiance came out for C64.Sword Coast Legends is more a blend between Diablo-Clone and Neverwinter Nights.You also can pause the game like Baldurs Gate & co - which gives you a turn based option (makes sense in solo story mode when you control more characters).For me, Multiplayer is fun so far. Random Dungeons with some options to set up nice runs even without a Dungeon Master on bord is a big plus. And so far I only met nice and helpful players ingame.Game runs stable, so far no bugs encountered.Player created content, Dungeon Masters, Devs still active and updating... more positive points for me."
76561198294537488,Recommended,325600,23084194,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,medvenson,I don't understand why this game got so much hate and negative reviews. It is a fun game and good RPG for sure.
76561197976650041,Recommended,325600,18651957,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,r3volution,"This game is NOT Baldur's Gate, this game is NOT Neverwinter Nights, this game is only a LITTLE bit of D&D.  I have played 99% of my time as a DM though.  And if you have a DM that is involved and enjoys what they are doing I CAN tell you what this game IS:This game IS fun, exciting, story driven, surprising, funny, chaotic, not predictable, good role playing, and well.... it's just GREAT.When I dm, I throw them curve balls, I make funny things happen.  I sneak up behind them.  I give them the ability to talk with NPCs and choose to fight or talk.  Everyone who has played with me has fun and friend me to play with later.  This game CAN BE exactly what D&D is supposed to be.  Good story telling with friends for many hours with laughing and awesomness.  I loved NWN back in the day but with this I can do a fun RP / Dungeon Crawl ON THE FLY and everyone has a good time.  The more I play it the more I like it (I hated it at first because of the lack of DM tools, but the tools are only limited by your imagination if you are / have a live DM).I'm quite sure the single player version of this game sucks... but I wouldn't know, I haven't played it and probably never will."
76561198058179537,Not Recommended,325600,19079984,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,singleplayeronly,"This game was unplayably slow.  The scrolling, navigation and even weapon selection are slower than molasses in January.The story and character dialog bored me to tears (what I got around to).The treasure items seem arbitrary.I did not feel so much as a slight twinge of joy at the completion of any battle or level up."
76561197994538229,Recommended,325600,19560076,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Violent Fem,"Game devs have really done alot of work fixing this game since its launch, I know it got alot of bad reviews with the original launch but i have to say it feels much more like a true pen and paper dnd adventure now. My only complaint is there could be more content, I would like to see some true dragon fights. Maybe even a few uber bosses that would force people to group, but great job devs with fixing the game since the launch cant wait to see what yall add to this game in the future"
,Not Recommended,325600,19094414,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Eo,"The UI is not friendly, and game feels too slow."
76561197985682990,Not Recommended,325600,32460180,Posted: 15 June,all,Darthsironos,"Man, I was looking forward to this game, but it seems a patch update in june means even slightly old graphics cards without good direct X11 support have a big pink square in the middle of the screen when we play. PLEASE SOMEONE FIX THIS. Make a fanpatch or something if you are able, this is a real shame."
,Not Recommended,325600,18590356,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Edgewalker,"TLDR Version: A pathetic offering given the competition, and only vaguely D&D. Plays like a dumbed-down Diablo 3. If you want the experience you EXPECT, play Pillars of Eternity, Shadowrun: Dragonfall, or (if you want multiplayer) Divinity: Original Sin.EDIT: Please note that I have spent MANY more hours than are shown in the game - during the Head Start, I spent a great deal of time playing, creating, and trying to DM scenarios and dungeon crawls. I withheld judgment until the proper release.Sword Coast Legends wants desperately to be a modern Baldur's Gate, or perhaps a reinvention of Neverwinter Nights, or some combination. It fails at both.The game's entire feel is not that of a D&D session, but more like a squad RTS like one of the Warhammer 40k: Dawn of War series, except that it is tactically banal. The story dialogue and quests are highly simplistic, and often even embarrassingly bad. The NPCs give fetch quests with no context and a backstory that feels like it was improvised and unedited. The characters are one-dimensional, and the world is boring. Gameplay feels like an MMO or (*gag*) even a MOBA, with a hotbar of abilities that cool down in real time.  The skill trees are entirely inventions of the game developers, and have nothing to do with D&D.Worst of all, the multiplayer story experience is awful. The host controls 3 characters while the guest controls 1, leaving the guest constantly waiting for the host. Loading screens can last for several minutes, and gameplay is more like Diablo than D&D.Maybe it's unfair that I've recently played Pillars of Eternity, and have trouble avoiding a comparison, but that's the reality of the situation - SCL was released in an environment where the bar was set high, and they are well below it."
76561197971964488,Recommended,325600,18606162,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,[HdF] Almut Grete,"Can not say i am a fam of DnD 5 (or whatever they made of it in here). Its to action orientated and seems shallow compared to 2.0 (or even 3.5). Sad that such a great game had to back down to casuals to stay alive and grovel before the mainstrema.That aside, for a RPG-game it seems pretty decent so far (only 6ish hours gametime). I quiet enjoy myself starting a story-mode on hard right away and it keeps me entertained. The challenge is not so great after hitting lvl 3, but i guess there will be stuff coming.Had some laughs in the story so far but was not overwhelmed by it (pretty much stereotype story every bad GM could just cook up without thinking). Might hold potential, who knows? Will update later.Side quest so far are horrible (at least most of them). They are soooo easy and just on the ""main story road"". Realy not good.So far desent 6.1/10 and on the empty market of story based RPGs a game you should consider buying, if you are bored."
76561198007496286,Recommended,325600,23087227,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,SmileyCyrus,"I enjoy the game.  It has some issues of not being hard locked into 5.0 ruleset which some rules lawyers wanted, and it doesn't have the life changing depth that others wanted but it is fun.  Graphics good, play imo is fairly smooth.  Sounds are nice.  Combat is smooth and easy.NOTE***   TODAY IS 5/19/2016  THEY RELEASED AN EXPANSION AND A HOTFIX.Yesterday, they released a 4 gig expansion that is free called Rage of Demons.  TODAY, they released a 2 gig hotfix.Some claimed they are merely releasing this update that was already finished months ago and that N-space the developer closed their doors.N-space did close their doors 2 months ago.  But Wizards of the Coast (Owner and producer of D&D) work with the publisher of the game to finish it for the fans and customers.  Also, WotC is pushing to release the game on console.  So we still might see more growth and support for this game.It is a good price now.  And who knows, the game might actually be in better hands. Even gona grab a copy for my son.6/1/2016  another update from someoneWas not content, just fixes, but it looks like Wizards of the Coast indeed got those guys to pick up working on it.  Very happy , indeed."
,Recommended,325600,18586340,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Physh,"I recommend this game with a glaring ""BUT...!"" tagged onto it. 100+ hours into Pre-Release for credibility.Quick and dirty:Pros: Light-hearted, fun, quick to pick up with dungeon crawler, translates 5e rules into ARPG style trees fairly well except the poor wizard who's actually a sorceror in playstyle, for the on-the-fly DM.Mehs: Plays closer to ARPG at times than Isometric. Its not bad and you can still pause if the settings are there, but its all cooldown based and actiony instead of slow and strategic at times. Not good, not bad, just something to be aware of.Cons: Very limited campaign editor, very limited DM tools, definitely not bug-free, community often gripes that this is not Neverwinter Nights 3 **cough**, extra classes will most likely be sold to me in the form of DLC.Disclaimer: See that review score up there? Its mostly from folks that thought this was a different game. They spun it up to be something its not and, while the game most definitely has its own problems, I think a lot of people are bitter that they didn't get the game they wanted instead of the game that was made.Getting single player campaign out of the way, Sword Coast Legends, SCL for the rest of the review, has a pretty lengthy story line and a decent amount of side quests. The game is fun, light hearted for the most part, and the characters reminded me of real DnD characters with their interactions. Nothing groundbreaking here, doing the campaign with a friend is kinda meh, but I thoroughly enjoyed it and thought that so far it justified the price tag on its own. If you're a fan of the genre and are willing to play a game that isn't groundbreaking like D:OS and PoE, you'll probably enjoy yourself.Multiplayer as a PC is weird. I want to like it very much, but its just not quite there yet. Off the bat, without a DM, the game is just basically boring as all hell in multiplayer right now. The campaign editor is weak (more later) and there's not enough power in the DMs hands to do a whole lot. Dungeon Crawls are great if you're with a group of friends and have a quick DM who can roleplay on the fly to craft small stories out of procedurally generated dungeons. Same with campaigns. If you're not going to play with a DM and you're not interested in playing through story mode, don't get this game.Multiplayer as DM is both fun and frustrating. Playing as DM is fast paced action in crawls, where you're constantly trying to keep one step ahead of the players while you manipulate content ahead. But the most you can do as a DM is change some doors, lay down some scenery and (lackluster) traps, and spawn more monsters. It is fun if you get a good group of players and it REALLY relies on everyone being able to RP together.The campaign editor is the weakest part. It just doesn't feel like you can do much of anything. Instead of giving you lego sets to play with you're given a randomized dollhouse. Yeah, you can decorate it and place things in it and even rename them if you want, custom characters and the like. But there's no triggers (if player opens door then spawn monsters, etc), no custom loot, no scriptable boss fights, no branching dialogue, no custom... almost anything? Campaigns should be designed with a narrator in mind and then just populating the world with flavor text. One more note: This game was never sold as Neverwinter Nights 3. Do not compare NWN and SCL because they had different focuses. I hope all the players that are screaming about it don't give it enough bad press to stop them from getting both campaign editting AND live DMing the support it needs.Summary: All-in-all, I like the game. Knowing what I know now, I'd probably go back and still buy it again because I like that this genre is coming back. I spent 100 hours playing the game, making spreadsheets with random events of text to copy paste into the game and run stories. But read that for a moment; I was copying text and pasting it into chat as my most significant DM tool. Or spawning Friendly/Neutral monsters and saying ""Hey guys, pretend this is ______"" SCL has a lot of work ahead of it if it wants to thrive and I hope they can do it."
,Recommended,325600,18643683,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,battledragon_z,If you like baldurs Gate and Icewind Dale games you will like this game.
76561198134830001,Recommended,325600,31430233,Posted: 28 April,all,Jiveassturkey,If you are a fan of D&D or The Forgotten Realms than you'll love this game. I don't have any issues with it and think it's a solid RPG. Absolutely worth the buy.
76561198028578923,Not Recommended,325600,19066638,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,KaosChaos,"I only said no because the game is still new with great ideas. They just have to make them mesh together right. It is still worth checking out yourself. :)sopooo lets get the ""cons"" out of the wayas a dungeon crawler game...not so much fun...the controls are wonky and wierd. so you have your basic 1 to = spell slot controls, and left click is movement....but the w a s d move your top view map... cool if you didn't have to figure out how to reset it on the fly. which wouldn't be all bad if it werent for the fact that in solo if you click a character that isn't yours, you automatically switch to that character. it needs a few updates to get things right. I would take a page out of Diablo or Path of Exile with thier controls....but i would keep the right click button for map rotation cause i honestly looove that♥♥♥♥♥♥ Unfortuantley when you die you can't skip dialog when you die if you already went through it. I know you want to make sure the main story gets across but if you die and restart at the begining of the main talk...and you have 4 other ""main"" conversation to go through..UGH.. so a skip dialog would be nice to have unlock if you have gone through it atleast once with the character.ProsOMG its D&D but as a game, and you can control a boss against your friend....hehehehehe. it offers a lot of new mechanics which is sweet. making a character is true to D&D style of creation. even includes backgrounds. you have to use a buy in point system. They made it as true to D&D as they possible could which is awesome. I have high hope mainly cause i haven't tried out multiplayer. I made a dungeon, which was fun as hell to do, and played a bit of solo. Solo is cool to learn the lure and game play, and in DM mode, you can just be a mad man putting traps up for all to run through."
76561198061331448,Not Recommended,325600,18595272,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,James,"This game isn't even bad, it's just painfully average. With VERY limited character creation options, (Only six classes and five races) bare bones CRPG mechanics that feel more like the developers haven't played anything in the genre before, and a slow crawl at the beginning made me ponder wether or not this was worth continuing on with and missing out on the possiblity of getting a refund. It isn't bad by any means, and I for one like how they didn't go with a direct translation of 5e and instead used it as a back bone for it's own skill system. However after thinking about it I honestly could not see myself playing onward until they added more races and classes. Not to mention the price for admission of 35 bucks at the time of purchase made me sort of realize getting a refund would be best.So yeah, wait for a price drop/sale of like 50% or something and for them to add more races and classes to the game. Otherwise, don't bother with this one."
76561197986131070,Not Recommended,325600,18650612,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Naughty Mouse,I really wanted to like this game. But almost nothing about the game is enjoyable.The Graphics are soso.The interaction and combat is sosoThe game crashes frequentlyThe story line is average at bestI can not recoomend this game.
,Recommended,325600,18589531,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Vulpes Fawkes,"EDIT: Edited to reflect more time spent on this game, and further impressions and opinions on what I've experienced.I played this during Head Start and I've now started working on the campaign. The dungeon crawls were fun, and I'm finding the campaign to be entriguing.That said, I'm going based off what I've already experienced, which isn't the full campaign storyline.I find this to be a lot of fun - and one of the better D&D Forgotten Realms titles in recent years. Is it as good as Baldur's Gate or Icewind Dale? No, but it is a faithful return to that kind of story telling. I'm personally not a fan of 5e, so the lack of 5e character class builds is kinda nice for me - my only complaint is a lack of true multi-classing, but you get something similar with the mix and match class tree system. The combat isn't too complicated in the beginning, and abilities can be on long CD's - which can be a bit tedious at times.Graphically, it needs a little polishing; it's not the most beautiful of games, with a few annoying bugs, but it's better than I expected.DM mode needs some  tweaking (dungeons are not fully customizable - you can only add in monsters and the like), and I'd like to see Druid and Bard classes added in.Characters are well written and I'm enjoying what I've experienced of their storylines, as well as dialogue being a lot of fun. There's been a few laugh out loud moments for me.It's obviously drawing influence from the more classic Forgotten Realms titles, as well as a little bit of Diablo, but you can only rehash the isometric rpg game play style so many times before it starts to look like x, y, and z games. If you're expecting something like Neverwinter Nights - sorry, you'll be disappointed, and don't bother pulling out your wallet. If you're looking for a return to the Forgotten Realms and isometric rpg style gaming, this will be worth your time and money - at least much more than certain MMOs out there."
,Not Recommended,325600,18651187,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Steelsabre,This is not a good game. Its lack almost everything that makes this genre so cool.The combat feels lameThe Questing is just terrible.......The level up system is a joke.It really is a shame. I was soooo looking foward to this.I reccomend you buy Baulders Gate 1 - 2 and icewind dale 1 - 2 still the best there is.
76561197960951806,Not Recommended,325600,18651587,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Hypnotoad,"Other comments sum it up. Falsely portrayed dm mechanics. tile set are pre generated and cannot be edited. monst placement is also set as well.The only good thing from the game is the story. The combat is very lackluster and boring.All in all, the game is not worth a $40 price tag. I strongly recommend waiting till it is in the $10-$15 price range.At this point, save your money or go play Pillars of Eternity as that game beats this one hands down."
76561198024589732,Recommended,325600,19168255,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,^Kevin^,"I paid full price for this game, and spent close to 200 hours playing this game so far. I think I got my money's worth and will most likely continue to enjoy any more time I spend playing this game. Unlike alot of games out there, this one has the right elements to have alot of longevity.There are definite quirks to this game, and room for improvement, but overall I think its a good game and worth people's time."
,Recommended,325600,18620956,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Raxxius,hella fun and great for satisfying that dungeon crawling  itch
76561197989321799,Not Recommended,325600,18699060,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Orticus,"A classic example of game development controlled by someone with no PC market research and blowing most of the budget on promotion hype. It also smacks of future console compatibility, this is probably why the game has been so dumbed down for kids and casual players, that just want a quick button mashing, Diablo 3 hack fest.MAIN FAILSMost of the D&D computer game fan base who buy this product will compare it to Neverwinter Nights 1&2 and the merits that made those dated titles so popular to this day. This fan base will be hoping for just a gfx upgrade of said examples. Wrong!The devs have completely ignored those merits of technical depth, customisation, and of course, the excellent world building tools for dedicated servers.Yes the game is pretty, however there is still more tech depth/variation in the development of one character class from NWN 1 or 2 than the entire game of Sword coast.Combat tactics? Very little. The very linear nature of the game and the lack of character action complexity provides little in the tactics department.The Module creation mechanic is so basic it's a joke. Its pre generated terrain maps that you populate with the few objects/NPC’s available ingame.Price. The game lacks content to warrant the high end bracket.POSITIVESBetter gfx than NWN2, good music, good voice-overs, good classic HUD menu and controls, was stable with no obvious bugs.THE BOTTOM LINEIf you want this pace of game just play Path of Exile, which is more complex than Diablo 3, and has an amazing character progression tree.If you want a good D&D style game ""Pillars of Eternity"" still has no opposition.THOUGHTS WHILE PLAYINGI felt like I was play testing yet another early access game, but without the bugs.With the Story to one side the lack of variation in standard game play had the ""Rinse & repeat "" effect on me. I almost went back in time to Gauntlet 1 from the 80's...""Valkyrie your life force is running out!""Very disappointed after waiting two years for this product. I am a massive D&D fan that hates to see this franchise damaged through short term cash-cow mentality.This is not how the PC gameing market works for this genre. Games with depth make money if they look good for the long haul with good promise of further development, looking beyond two WEEKS of entertainment."
76561198021166833,Recommended,325600,18603631,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,snowhunter,"Sword Coast Legends is a real fun to play game if your not looking for something to complex and like a god ole hack and slash game. The game isn't made up of any complex DnD rules and some fans will miss resting in for spells and hit points.If you played  Never Winter Nights Bioware and NWN 2 Obsidian editors for the dungeon master were far more complex and intricate and they were released around 2000, 2004 time frame. They could get down right exhausting and you needed some c++ programmer skills to really get detailed in story telling and the dialogue tree could get overwhelming.Sword Coast Legends DM mode was made simple so you could make maps for if you are one of those non creative folks who don't know or find it to complex to make a story or decorate a level. The DM mode lacks customization that you might find frustrating or annoying if you have used the NWN, NWN 2 editors.Sword Coast legends developers took a very easy approach tot he DM mode so you could go right into battle and combat with friends. DM mode in sword coast legends you can place mobs on the fly, control creatures and attack the party you can create NPCs on the fly very quickly.The DM mode your limited to the in game 6 tile sets and a few areas that were released from the single player campaign. Although the development team is planning on releasing more tile sets in the future with DLCs. Also there is talk about allowing DMs to lay out the tile sets manually as of right now the computer randomly generates the tile layout pattern for you based on small, medium, large, layouts with simple moderate and complex layouts.The developers seem to be following a simple quick on the fly  dungeon master simple approach. The use of voice over ip can be used like table top gaming. Its worth the money if you have played thru Baulders Gate series and Ice Wind dale series back in 1999.  If your not looking for graphic rich, super intensive combat, super accurate DnD rules and don't mind a little bit of a hack and slash approach this game is indeed for you. If your a gamer and looking for a easy to play fun story. Then I recommend this game for you.If your a hardcore DnD fan you may disappointed as this doesn't quite hit the nail on the head for DnD immersive rules and engagements. If your a die hard graphics and action based gamer and never played any of the DnD franchise like Baulders Gate Series or Ice Wind Dale this game isn't for you.I would recommend watching live streams on twitch and you tube before you make purchase. There are some bugs in the game.... but like all games they eventually get worked out in the long run. Loot system could use some help to even up loot when in public games for those loot ninjas. I think the developers might have overlooked the fact there are younger gamers that have no idea about sharing and dividing up the spoils of war in DnD Games.I don't think a lot of the reviews are fair here to the you the reader as some of these reviews are based on not researching the game fully and following the game since its announcement. Watch you tube videos and live streams as these are informative and cover some of the questions you may be asking yourself about the game. The game could use polish and would benefit from some DLC updates in the future. If you like a fun hack and slash when your not in the mood for a complexities then give Sword Coast Legends a try.If you have a  question please make sure its constructive and leave it in the comments.UPDATE! 10/30/2015I played DM mode and hosted my own Dungeon Module called Into the Crypt about 5 times now. I really enjoyed leading a party of 4 into my created module.There are complaints that you cannot host and create your own creatures in the game which is unfair and not exactly true.You can create your own monsters change color and edit certain stats and abilities of the creatures. The DnD abilities that are generic with the monsters you have are set in stone.However there is going to be a big fix for this where you can customize your creatures.The biggest complaint I heard from people playing thru my module there is a lack of DM run modules on the servers during our side chat when we are out of character. Which is true and fair statement.There is a lack of creativity on the part of players and some DMS. I have been given 5 star ratings for my module by serious players not hack and slash players looking to run thru a dungeon looking for loot.AS a DM you have to have fun and must use the VOICE IP to tell your story and also use the tools to take your map areas and beautify them to create immersion for your players. You also must have pre-made characters in your tool set, which make it easier to do on the fly story telling.If you get to a point where the players are getting to far ahead of you in your story, you can pause or tell the characters your party has decided to take a break to gather your thoughts and share your spoils of war.This forces character and player interaction and also allows players to share the loot they have found in chests. They will take the time to do so because you put the option there. 9 times out of 10 your players will share the loot that they have.If they don't share the folks will know, that is a player they will not want to party with in the future and the DM can take note.The game is getting a huge update of community fix packs over the next few months and etc. I think to many people are complaining about a game and haven't delved into the tools and DM mode and module making.There are some great fixes on the horizon to improve the game and the modules and campaign improvement.  So before you base your opinions on other negative reviews watch you tube videos and live streams to help you decide."
76561198240014248,Not Recommended,325600,23744307,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,tookiewilliams420,"This is an awful game, I preorderd this game only to find out that it had nothing to do with Dungeons and Dragons (OTHER THAN THE NAME) and a Dev team that promised to fix this turd only to add some rocks and trees.I am thinking we should not only thumbs down this game untill no one with any sence would pay for this abandonware.  Forget that we should start a class action lawsuit in responce to this blatantly false advertising.I had warned them they needed to do a huge fix before the player base abandoned this game only to have my comment deleted less than an hour later.This game was a gigantic let down and cannot warn you away enough.1st review because this has angered me."
76561198031944264,Not Recommended,325600,19027443,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,doctor.fardook,"If you're a fan of Neverwinter, Baldur's Gate, and the like then there are no surprises here.    You build a character, add additional members to your party, beat up kobolds at the behest of farmers, take their lunch money, save the world, rinse and repeat.In terms of the single player mode, its standard issue adventure that took me about 30 hours to complete with about 90-95% of the quests and items uncovered.   The writing is not breaking any ground, the characters are pleasantly quirky in very predictable ways, the decisions you're asked to make are fairly black & white, you've seen this before.   While the gameplay was enjoyable the story wasn't terribly compelling.  It feels like they wrote standard-issue fantasy tropes on a bunch of sticky notes, plasted them all on a wall, and had someone throw darts while blindfolded.Gameplay is fairly good and while there's a few interface elements that were confusing at first (they expect you to use the keyboard to control the camera) it works out fairly well.   There are a number of bugs and it felt like it was missing a number of usability features that I would have expected for a game that is not breaking any new ground in terms of interface.I have not tried the multi-player segment with a dungeon master and there's a possibility that the community will provide far more compelling stories than the single player game through mods.   While I don't recommend it right now it might be worth it in six months when they make some updates and the modder community gets an opportunity to write some content (or port games over from old Neverwinter mods)."
76561198036161593,Not Recommended,325600,18607615,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,RJW1986,Overall a fun hack and slash style rpg  game with a decent story.  The characters are not really well developed and thebackground stories are mediocre. The game is a skeleton of dungeons and dragons but doesnt really base it's self off any hardcore D&D rule set which is lame. Its a game using the name dungeons and dragons to sell people. The dungeon master/ module creation is a joke as you cannot create a unique world with new citites or elaborate areas and an in depth story. The modules you can create are mainly hack and slash instances. It is definately no where near what never winter nights had going on. Also if you have any technical problems good luck getting a hold of anyone at n farce or whatever they are called. I haven't been able to join any multiplayer games past the lobby and all I get back from n farce is useless automated emails.. what a joke. Hasbro/WOTC should've had bioware make this game.
76561197970946593,Not Recommended,325600,18579241,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,DuckPlague,"While a very good dungeon crawler and fun with friends.The game is abit laking in the create your own dungeon so far.Im not saying its bad by any means, its good.All im saying and this is a personal prefrence. I would like more control of the creation of my story.but that said, this game is a 7/10.If they come out with a more indepth dungeon creator kit, it would a strong 8/10.Im editing this review. Im keeping my first impression of it as is.After fiddeling with the DM editor and looking up things online I have come to the conclusion that at this time the game is not worth buying.If your in to beeing a DM and creating this is lacking alot that should be standard.If the editor gets alot more features then for me the game would be a good buy.I redo my points of this to a 5/10 and I have to wait and se if the DM editor gets better."
76561198028476967,Recommended,325600,18632652,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Jeradox,"This game is not without it's faults. There are a few things that still seem a little buggy when joining a friends hosted game. Hopefully in time that will all be worked out. However that being said, as a newcommer to the franchise I do enjoy this game weather I'm playing solo, or with friends.It seems the game is meant to be played with friends as the story mode doesn't really let you play alone it gives you NPCs that fill one roll or another that help offset whateve your personal charact might be lacking. In multiplayer there is an annoying habit of the game where if you go shopping, everyone in the group has to witness your conversation with the clerk, seems unnecisary and is annoying.The game play however is nice as it's all of what Diablo is, but without the relentless mouse clicking. I find the leveling system to be rewarding and allows for you to play a class like a fighter in at least two or three compleatly different styles of play. More tankish, vs more damage output, vs teamplay buffer. I assume each class has verious options to customize your character. So even though there is only 4 or 5 classes, each one can be upgraded differently and play very differently within the same class.I have not spent a lot of time as a DM but it seems there is a framework there that would set up a great bit of fun. My friends and I joined a module that had some pretty funny references to modern pop culture, but found a way to also make it appropriate for the game. The ability for the players to make their own missions however also is one of the things I like least about the game as there is already power leveling missions that basically allow you to level up very quickly with zero effort.Over all I'd say the 57% raiting (at the time of this writing) is very deserving as there is a lot to like about the game, but I feel the game still needs some work. It feels more like a very late BETA, then a completed release. 20 years ago that would probably be the case, but alas, welcome to gaming in 2015."
,Recommended,325600,18585534,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Chronometer,"This short opinion piece is based on 206 hours of Head Start Access.Sword Coast Legends does a lot of things right, let's get that in there straight away.The story mode is excellent, and if you like Baldur's Gate, Neverwinter Nights, Divinity Original Sin and Pillars of Eternity you will find a lot to love here, especially the excellently fully voiced critical path through the main story.Now one of the main selling points of the game has been the DM Editor. (Create your own adventure modules)The editor started out as a way for groups of people to engage in a 4 & 1 campaign, with a live Dungeon Master, able to possess monsters, NPCs and throw enemies, and treasure at the party in equal measure.The editor is great for a live DM, with some caveats, you cannot assign specific loot or XP to the party as a DM and monsters will scale to the average level of your group. If that doesn't tickle you, you might be disappointed.The editor also allows for creators to make their own modules for the community to play, without a live DM, and its here you will find the games main weak point.There's not a huge amount of available tilesets to choose from, and at the moment, the quest dialogue implementation leaves something to be desired, however these are things that the developers are aware of, and have said they will actively work on improving post-launch.All in all, is Sword Coast Legends perfect? No, but especially the DM tool is a work in progress and will only get better as time goes by.A common misconception is people expecting SCL to deliver the level of customizable module making that NWN did,which it doesn't. It's simpler, much easier to use, but as a consequence, at the moment, its also more limited in scope.Don't expect the game to be something its not.With all that said, the 40 hour story mode is easily worth the price of admission.8/10 for me"
76561197994142534,Not Recommended,325600,19043517,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Hanible IGYB,"Ok here is what blows my mind.  Every single good dnd video game has 1 major thing in common.  They follow the rules of dnd.  Every failed dnd game also has something in common, they make up their own rules.   Why can they not learn from this.  While yeh the game is still fun, it is no where near what was expected.Instead of feats and skiills and such you get a warcraft style talent tree.You dont get all the classes in the book.You dont get all the races.You cant multiclass.Spells are so limited its crazy.  There might be like 20 wizard spells.  No spell slots just all cooldowns.Honestly the system is more like 4e then 5e.  All the classes have cooldown skills and such,Whats more discouraging is that while yes they are saying they hear the community and that they are trying to make things better by adding content and drow, They are not doing anything to the real problem.   The core of the game is faulted.If you are any kind of dnd fan this game is gonna leave you dissapointed.   If you are just looking for an rpg and dont really know much about dnd you may enjoy the game still."
76561197973530318,Not Recommended,325600,18587556,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,UnBorn,"The story mode of this game is ridiculous in the amount of magic that you find in the beginning.  I think once I find a good DM maybe it will be worth the money spent.  This game is nothing like Neverwinter Nights, as Wizards of the Coast loosely said it was going to be like.  I wish i hadnt let myself sit around watching tv for an hour while the game was open so I could get a refund.JUST BRING BACK NEVERWINTER NIGHTS AND STOP TRYING TO CHURCH UP SOMETHING THAT WAS ALREADY NEAR PERFECT!"
76561197983918013,Not Recommended,325600,18593967,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,CHILLI DOG,"If you want to spit on the corpse of neverwinter nights, then go ahead and buy this terrible game. There is nothing D&D about this other than the names attached to things. I asked for my money back, you can too. You know what would be great, a game that is actually like playing 5th ed. Play neverwinter 2, play diablo 3, but don't waste your time or money with this garbage."
76561198006830874,Recommended,325600,18581577,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Losse,"This is the crpg I have been waiting for.  While indie publishers or struggling publishers have put out similar in recent months/years, this one shines with quality and game crafting skill.I really like the voice acting and there is lots of it.  No skimping like most recent crpgs.There isnt to much text like there is in recent crpgs.  But there is enough with the story and most of its voiced.I WANT to play it, thats a good sign.Its challenging, which makes it fun.Devs are listening and active on forums."
76561198114560537,Not Recommended,325600,29296930,Posted: 16 January,all,goomer420,This game was wonderful untill they shut it down now nothing is done with the game nothing wish i could get a refund
,Recommended,325600,29322878,Posted: 17 January,all,Morbidicus,"This review is based only on the single-player original game campaign. I didn't try the DM mode, multiplayer or expansion.Pros:- Party-based, isometric CRPG. Nothing wrong with the current trend of first- or third-person CRPGs but it's nice to have this option as well.- I found the story interesting. Although it revolves around your connection to demons, it has a light tone to it which is a nice break from some of the darker RPGs. A couple of the companions are obvious comic relief and I got a few chuckles out them.- I also liked the realtime combat with pause. You may need to micromanage a little (see cons below) but it flows pretty smoothly after you get used to it.- Many side quests that can generally be tackled in whatever order you want- The companions you find start with a few skills pre-selected but you can choose how to spend remaining (and future) skill points. Each companion also has their own personal quest. I'm not sure if all of them do, but at least some companions also get a custom skill tree. In one of the patches, I believe this tree becomes available to player characters of the same class after you have completed the companion quest.- You can respec characters for a fee.- Searching for traps/hidden objects is well implemented. You can level the skill to reduce the speed penalty and increase the search radius.- I know others have had a different experience, but I didn't run into many bugs.  It crashed to desktop once but that was it.- There is a free expansion available- Good graphics and voice-overs- I haven't tried it yet, but there is a mode called ""dungeon crawl"" which will create a randomly generated dungeon. You can set parameters such as number of floors, tileset, size, etc.- The dungeon crawl mode should add some replayability to the game. There are also many classes/races/skills to try although this may be diluted a little if you already played a particular class as a companion. This is true of other games where you find companions though and I suppose you can always try a different build.Neutral:- There is a dungeon master mode. I haven't tried it but I have read that those that were particularly looking forward to this feature were disappointed.- The lore is based on D&D but many of the mechanics are not.  There's no resting to memorise spells and no finding/buying spell scrolls to scribe.  Instead, there are skill trees with cooldowns, meaning there's no limits on the number of spells you can cast per battle but you won't be able to chain-cast anything either. You can choose an alignment and deity but from what I can tell, these choices are absolutely meaningless. If I recall correctly, they're not shown on your character sheet so you can't even see what you chose after character creation.- Your quest journal appears to be ""all-knowing"" because it can contain information that you didn't even ask about. Useful to clarify objectives but somewhat immersion-breaking and makes your conversation choices seem less meaningful.- Enemies scale to your level. Didn't bother me but I know this is a sticking point for some people.- Supports multiplayer but I've read that it's pretty dead. I almost never play multi-player games so I can't comment on this first-hand.Cons:- Loading...Loading...Loading...  Be prepared for loading screens when you move between areas- There is only one save slot per character- I thought there should have been more companions. For example, there's only one priest, so if you want a healer in the party other than your character, that's it (other than the paladin I suppose).  There's a couple of rogues and wizards but see the next con- Some companions come pretty late in the game, so by that point switching might not be worth it- Companion AI is a mixed bag. The healer seems pretty decent but the others will sometimes waste crowd-control spells on weak or immune targets. If you want a particular enemy or group crowd controlled, you will need to take over and do it yourself early in the fight before the spell gets used.- In combat, you can switch to any companion to issue orders. However, if you forget to switch back to your main character, the AI will immediately take over and can waste spells as mentioned above. Turning off the party AI can solve this but then you have to micromanage everyone. I eventually got used to a pause - select companion - issue order - select myself - unpause sequence which worked well (as long as I remembered :-))- Not all the D&D race and class choices are in the game. I believe there were plans to add them in later but the developer went bankrupt. The publisher took over to release the expansion, but I'm not holding my breath for continued development.- Companions not in your party will match your level but only if they have never been in the party. However, I couldn't find a way to see a companion's stats unless they're in the party.  This means that if you check out that new companion but decide not to use him, he'll sit at whatever level he was when you first found him, making it more difficult to use him later.- Outside of combat, skill checks are all done based on your character. This means, for example, if you are a fighter and a dexterity check is required, you will attempt the act with your big, beefy, calloused hands while your thief stands there twiddling his lean, dexterous thumbs. To be fair, this is not the first party-based game I've seen that does this.Conclusion:Despite the cons, bottom line for me was that I found the game fun. If you're looking for a good implementation of the D&D rule set, this isn't it. I've read that multiplayer is pretty dead, so if that's what you're looking for, look elsewhere. However, if you're looking for a light-hearted single-player party-based RPG, Sword Coast Legends is worth a look."
76561197985845016,Recommended,325600,18721361,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,derge,This is the closest to table top D&D on the PC i have seen to date.. the tools are there (they just need to be expanded) to make modules / campagins similar to table tops of my youth.... is it perfect... of course not but it is a good game...
76561198012817273,Recommended,325600,24134885,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Epic Fail,"So after 44 hours i finished the game. Just wanted to tell you kind folks that this is indeed a D&D game. While different, it's very enjoyable and refreshing, there are a lot of items (more or less useful depending on your play style), plenty of quests (and side-quests) with multiple choices and a few companions for you to chose from(i missed one cause i prob killed him in my rage ^^).Pro:- Refreshing game-play style with cool-downs instead of per rest use (yes i do feel it was a positive feature, i finished the game and it worked)- Eye candy (the game is gorgeous)- plenty of secrets and rewards (max out search on your rogue i tell you !!)- while combat may seem simple it is not .. be reckless or ill prepared and you will get your party deadCons:- The deviation from standard D&D is putting a lot of people off- Missing the casual combat wall of text in case it was needed (or i didn't find it cause in the end i didn't really need it)- The only real thing that made me raise my eyebrows is that you can hide with the rogue during combat (you can ""hide"" or go stealth/invisible when the cooldown refreshes while in combat, yes you need to pass the checks but if you succeed you can ""backstab"" every few sec) and dish out some crazy dmg (didn't compare to my dual-wield fighter main) BUT the AI does not use it so at least that is a thing.- oh yes the area loading screens might be a bit lengthyRecommendation:Buy it at a discount (steam sale or smt) if you are to hang-up upon the cool down thing"
76561197981716582,Recommended,325600,20396322,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,LavaJava,"Sleeper hit of 2015, I think in many ways better than Pillars or OG sin."
,Recommended,325600,20405915,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Wrayyth,"I enjoyed this game because I walked into it with an open mind. It has bugs, and I have found that if you have dual monitors, you may have the screens go black. I finally resolved this by going back to 30 fps.If you are looking for Dungeons and Dragons in digital format, that is 100% true to the game, do not waste your money. You will not enjoy the game and instead you will be frustrated. If you are looking for a game that is akin to Baldur's gate (in how that game related to 2nd Edition Dungeons and Dragons) in how this game relates to 5th Edition dungeons and Dragons, you will be very happy with this game.I am not to happy with the lack of racial and class options, but it is still a good game. The skill tree set up is lazy, in my opinion, but that is not to suprising because it is common in games now-a-days.I would also suggest because of the laziness of the restricted classes, races, and skill trees that you wait until it is on sale."
,Recommended,325600,20432942,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Goggalor,Worth a 4-player 2 hour rental.
,Recommended,325600,20436445,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Healsfire [GiT],"I've enjoyed what I've played so far. The story seems to be a generic run of the mill type, but there's nothing wrong with that because it is being told well. Definitely worth giving it a shot."
76561198068546399,Recommended,325600,29072845,Posted: 6 January,all,brialav,Most underrated game.
76561197971877162,Recommended,325600,18590161,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Asses of Fire,"Sword Coast Legends is a decent RPG from some of the developers of  the Dragon Age series.  It certainly feels like it too.  Many of the abilities from the dragon age series makes their way into SCL.  To say SCL is a bad RPG doesn't give it justince.  For 35 bucks you will have some high's and low's.  At the beginning I was extremely hyped for this game due to my love for Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale.  I grew up with those and played them religiously.  I dont know, with SCL, I just don't feel the same anymore.  Maybe it's the 3D map that I have to constantly rotate to get a good angle on.  Or the fact that my mouse clicks more often than not, don't register as a click when I click on something.  I just don't feel the same excitement playing SCL as I did it's predeccesors.Content wise, the game offers alot for 40 bucks.  You can play a random dungeon OR play a DM's dungeon (which is randomized).  I haven't done either of these yet when I wrote this review but I'm sure they're competent.  SCL uses the 5th edition rules and I frankly don't like them.  Ever since 4th Ed.  Wizards of the Coast (WOTC) has been going to an MMO approach with their DnD franchise.  By this I mean, classes have trees of abilities they can choose from now when they level and using skills doesn't matter all that much anymore.  In Baldur's Gate, there was the 2nd Ed. rules which were for the hardcore RPG'er.  You had to slowly traverse the dungeon to disable every trap.  Death in that game meant you went without that member until you could bring them back to town so there was alot of auto saving.In SCL, death means very little.  Your guy drops to the floor and you just have to click on them with another member to revive them.....Death should mean something.  There should at least be a hardcore mode where the party member dies until you return back to town.  I dunno, SCL just feels like easy mode.I gave SCL a thumbs up because I want to like it.  If you are a WoTC fan and love DnD, you will have mixed feelings for SCL's hand holding approach.  It feels like every other isometric RPG on the market today with some multiplayer components in there for flavor.  I did forget to mention you can play with friends so that is a bonus.  It is probably best to say this, but SCL is more fun playing with buddies then by yourself."
,Not Recommended,325600,18702831,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Jester David,Wait for six months to a year after launch when the bugs have been squashed and hope for a 75% off Steam sale.
,Not Recommended,325600,20642845,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Davy,"I was far too hasty when buying this game. My aim was to craft custom stories and campaigns for friends and family to play through with me, when possible. However, for the most part this game as a platform is far too limiting. Character creation is fairly in-depth, certainly, but if there's any such thing as the ability to make your crafted characters speak or display custom dialogue, I haven't found it. This is either my fault for not being able to find it or not knowing I have to ""unlock"" the feature arbitrarily through completing the game's campaign (I hadn't touched it), or the UI's fault for not making such an option apparent.I can accomplish what I inteded far more practically by simply grabbing some mods for TableTop Simulator. If that's what it's come down to, I can consider this purchase to be money that was poorly wasted."
,Recommended,325600,23368870,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,CrusheGaming,This game has gotten alot of bad press for not being a true D&D game. It is a fun and relatively deep game compared to many that have been coming out of the woodwork lately. I am enjoying it alot. That is what I bought it for.I guess the Wine snob is out and the D&D snob is in these days. Those dang Hipsters are everywhere...
,Not Recommended,325600,31295100,Posted: 22 April,all,Royality,"I write this as a warning to people drawn to this game merely because of the 'DnD' tagline and the implied promise of good storytelling and rich characters.The game offers neither. On top of mediocre graphics and clunky combat the game offers nothing in terms of storytelling or introducing memorable characters.Its frustrating to see Wizards and the mediocre gamedevelopers they licence fail to produce a good, engaging game. All the lore, setting, stories and character development is all there within the Dungeons and Dragons toolbox, but somehow they fail to create a truly epic screen experience befitting of the modern (post Baldurs Gate) game-era."
76561198006729842,Recommended,325600,19410023,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Mephiston,It's a fun new interpretation of D&D to a computer game.
76561198071179933,Not Recommended,325600,19790083,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,piloumox,Good game but keeps crashing therefore unplayable. Not enough testing. Waste of money don't buy!!!
,Recommended,325600,20322707,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Oz270,"More like Icewind dale than Baldur's Gate and that's not necessarily a bad thing, this game has potiental to become better."
,Not Recommended,325600,20485974,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Greaves,"TL;DR : This game is the equally as exciting as boiled rice.Proper Review:The game has alot of heart put into it. As a D&D enthusiast I was excited for Sword Coast Legends. It's gorgeous, the characters communicate well and the DM tools are fantastic. BUT the game lacks excitement, I find the fighting bland and feels like a simulator if anything, I did not feel any accomplishment from defeating bosses or standard mobs for that matter. For me its a flop, overpriced and was demonstrated to being more exciting in the trailers (I know shame on me, Hypes a b**ch)"
,Recommended,325600,20588745,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,T3kk3y,"Excellent game! I would like more options for the DM tools, but overall I really enjoy playing this game."
,Not Recommended,325600,20884901,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Terrean,"Recommend?  Eh.Pros- Good mixture of companions/classes- Decent overall difficulty- Bits of good humor/references scattered throughoutCons- Limited classes and races - hope you like your basics- 5th edition modified to be a video game.  A well-balanced game system modified for what purpose?- Difficulty spike - looking at you mind flayer battle.  Super hard battle with no way to skip dialogue on replays.- Skills - some very well thought out, but the upgrades were either awesome or terrible.  No consistency so harder to build a character you want rather than just cherry picking the best numberwise.- Quest log could be more helpful - often points you to an area that the objective isn't even in if you haven't unlocked that area of the world - what?  A few more map markers (or the ability to toggle map objectives on) would have been helpful- Some clunky areas - sneaking into the duergar city.  Controls send you all over the place or nothing at all.  Very strange- Story already alludes to DLC - feels bare bones at the moment.  With DLC additions or player generated content?  Maybe a better buy down the line.- Predictable story - so much potential, but this was the biggest let downMight be a good game if you enjoy Forgotten Realms or would like a game loosely based on 5th edition rules."
,Not Recommended,325600,21067754,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Spurty,"Well, I didn't want to write a review, but a number of friends are starting to ""fall into the trap"" of thinking this game has anything to do with Dungeons and Dragons 5e.It doesn'tFor example: Drop a One Hit Die creature into the room, watch it demolish the party of 4 level 1 players a couple of times before they can grind his outragous hitpoint pool. I'm fairly sure, some creatures have multiple thousands.Just move along until Neverwinter Nights IV gets given a green light, where they absolutely keep to the song sheet the players are singing from."
76561198030779398,Not Recommended,325600,27083898,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rahl,"Hmmm... What can I say? Iguess simply disappointing. It's become all too common for companies to over-hype their games, and then under-deliver. This is just more of that. It's pretty, it had potential, and it's just plain bad."
,Recommended,325600,27390460,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,PunkoSr,Nice simple game
,Not Recommended,325600,28958169,Posted: 2 January,all,paganlight,"We hoped it would be a great D&D title which over promised and under delivered - consistently. And now it's a dead end game without hope of support / continuation. I really wanted to like it yet ultimately it was a disapointment. The game mechanics (ability cooldown vs number of uses + no wasd support + very limited set NPC's vs user created) were sore spots for me but your milegage may vary. Alas, with dreams dashed I uninstall you - likely forever."
,Not Recommended,325600,32755721,Posted: 24 June,all,GamingButterfly,"After 3-5 minutes of running the game, it will crash every time. All drivers and hardware are up-to-date; the game simply has too many mechanical errors to be playable in any sense. A pity, really. This game is exactly what DM's like myself want and need."
76561197971132549,Not Recommended,325600,18663552,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Belenian,"I wanted a new D&D game. I pre-purched it months ago. I played the headstart in September and was disappointed. It's not D&D. And it's not a good, fun or polished game either. Thanks, but no thanks."
76561198250542432,Not Recommended,325600,18784351,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Ghatt86,"N-Space (the devs) just announced that CP3 has been put on the back burner, and as such has proven themselves to be untrustworthy. I can no longer, in good conscience, recommend this game to others. Oh, what this game could have been.Original review below-Sword Coast Legends is a game with a ton of potential and it looks like Nspace is committed to seeing it through. Last week the game released to mixed reviews, and rightfully so in many respects. Today (10/30/15), however, they released a roadmap of improvements that they are making to the game that should culminate in a game thats worthy of being mentioned alongside the likes of Baldur's Gate and Neverwinter Nights.As it stands right now the game has a very good campaign that is worth the price of admission by itself and DM tools that are being continually developed and improved upon. Anyone on the fence about purchasing this game should check outhttps://swordcoast.com/content/sword-coast-legends-state-gameto see where the developers intend to take the game by years end.If you're interested in this game and the roadmap isn't enough to sway you to buy it right now I'd recommend checking back in a few months to see the improvements that are being made, because after they are all impemented this game should be the one that we all hoped it could be."
,Not Recommended,325600,18803104,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,drunkenvash,"Story is poor, character development is poor, graphics is poor (for a modern day 3D game), animation is poor. Not even close to a NWN2 successor that I was hoping for."
,Not Recommended,325600,19030895,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,syrik,Do not get this game for the co-op experience. It was a disaster.
76561198067395771,Not Recommended,325600,19177499,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,DerRitter,"This is NOT a D&D gameIf you are looking for a game that brings the feeling of the pen and paper game to the pc, this game is not what you want. It doesn't use a single rule from any D&D edition.Now as a generic RPG, is well generic. Has some good moments, some bad moments and many many ""meh"" moments. It really fails to deliver that Forgotten Realms feeling. The combat feels like a bad copy of Diablo, it's too complex to be an action game, but too simple to be a tactical game.A couple of years ago I would have recommened this game, now with games like Divinity and Pillar of Eternity, it just doesn't make the cut."
76561198113762894,Not Recommended,325600,19256615,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Fates-Champion,"Love the game, hate the bugs.Was doing o.k with it until the best items went missing from my stash. Friends have also had the same problem and people have said that they have had items equiped on characters go missing. I lost items collected from the story line. Hopefully these bugs will get fixed so I can change my review. Lots of glitches in multi-player, the worse one is when the monsters attacking you are not visible. Loading times are very slow for a modern game especially considering the graphic quality. If everything worked game would be great."
76561198119441390,Recommended,325600,21352584,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,dmkfair,"Sword Coast Legends is a confused game, that much is true, but there is something rather endearing about it.  No, it never reaches the storytelling heights of previous D&D based games such as Planescape: Torment or Baldur's Gate II.  Nor does it have the flexible module creation of the Neverwinter Nights games, instead opting for an easier to use, but rather limited dungeon and campiagn creator.  But that is okay.At it's core SCL is a dungeon crawling game similar to Diablo or Torchlight with some D&D inspired elements added to it and a small bit of roleplaying akin to the infinty engine games.  When it was first annouced, many people saw it as a throwback to the inifinity engine games and were seeing it as a response to Pillars of Eternity and Torment: Tides of Numenera (both excelent games), a sort of ""official successor"", but SCL turned out to be radically different.  Instead it falls somewhere in between Diablo and Baldur's Gate, with a dash of Icewind Dale and Neverwinter Nights.The story is good, not great, but good.  It aims for a sort of childish wonder, poking fun at the cliches that it holds while still presenting a compelling narrative.  It may not be Obsidian, but it is deeper and more enjoyable than most dungeon crawlers.The music is fantastic.  Inon Zur always delivers an incredible soundtrack and this may be one of his best works.  Combined with solid voice acting and awesome ambient sounds it is punchy and atmospheric.  Seriously, this may have one of my favorite soundtracks in recent memory.Overall, it is not a bad game per say, it is actually a lot of fun to play and has some really solid writting that pokes fun at itself.  That said, I don't think it is what people were expecting and at the begining it was rather limited, but due to feedback and constant updates, the game gets better all the time.  I would actually reccomend it to anyone looking for a fun way to hack and slash with friends or wants to run a digital campaign with more dungeons and less freedom.7/10 (6/10 before updates)"
76561198005980501,Recommended,325600,23303577,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,tdougi,"As someone who has never really ventured into this category of games before, I must say that this game is quite a lot of fun. I also cannot say I have made it very far into singleplayer either, but what has really drawn me in is the Dungeon Master gameplay. I am really enjoying making my own custom campaigns and seeing how players enjoy them. Being able to control the ebb and flow of the action and make it easy or hard on the players involved is quite fun.I would definitely recommend giving this game a try if you can get it on sale or if you're like me and enjoy being able to create content and control how the game flows."
,Not Recommended,325600,23912055,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,leandroventu,I have a huge pin square in the midle of the screen!! impossible to play
76561198004994682,Recommended,325600,28926399,Posted: 1 January,all,Oblivion Hunter,"If you want a hardcore DnD experience, this isn't it.If you want a fairly light and simple dungeon crawler/crpg, then this should be alright. I enjoy it quite a bit so far. Biggest gripe is that item information is kind of lacking, but it's not that huge of a deal. I would say this is a more casual experience compared to say BG or PoE, but can still be enjoyable, especially if you are interested in delving into the crpg genre for the first time. Divinity: Original Sin is similar, but overall I would say has better gameplay mechanics -- that said the quests are a harder to follow, so Swordcoast would be a better choice for a first timer."
76561198047891569,Not Recommended,325600,29545647,Posted: 28 January,all,gregbot,"Decent RPG but plagued with bugs.  I have run into a hard stop on the game several times that required me to use the ""revert"" feature, since for some reason you can only load your last save.  The gameplay was pretty mundane the first time, so repeating dungeon floors was agonizing.I ultimately stopped playing after all of the items were deleted off one of my characters.  Even after reverting back to a prvious save before the glitch happened, they were still missing.... probably due to poor implementation of save states by the developers since my character's equipment did not update back to what it was at the time of the save.The game doesn't have any defining features to make up for the bugs.  It's a decent but uninspired story (didn't finish, but was not impressed with the first 20 hours) with mediocre character development.  I never tried multiplayer, but single player combat was interesting at first but gets really boring because allied AI is terrible but individually controlling all four party members is really tedious.  You can really just faceroll through most fights aside from a few bosses.It might be worth a purchase if 1) it's on sale and 2) you are a big fan of the Forgotten Realms lore.  Otherwise your money is better spent elsewhere"
76561198028744742,Not Recommended,325600,18607479,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Arloh,"This game has little to nothing to do with D&D. No character development, just another dumbed down rpg."
,Recommended,325600,18655917,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Nichodeamus,"I don't know why so many people seem to have a problem with the way this game was designed.  Personally, I'm really enjoying it, as I play through the campaign."
,Not Recommended,325600,18679909,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Jim Bob Furley,Seemed like a game that I would enjoy but it runs at 100% GPU. Makes no sense for a game like this. Asked for a refund.Searched for this on the net and found that others have the same problem and the solutions suggested (including the solutions on the posts of the Steam reviews) don't work.
76561198045468244,Not Recommended,325600,18720271,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,peterruderman,"This game is profoundly disappointing.  I was hoping for something along the lines of Neverwinter Nights or the old inifinity engine games (but based on the new ruleset).  But despite the manufacturer's claims, this game bears no resemblance to D&D 5E.  None of the class features are present.  There are no spell slots or multiclassing.  ""Leveling up"" involves spending ability points to buy powers from skill trees, which are bland and uninspired.  Most powers are simply improved versions of earlier powers that do more damage.  And most of the skill trees are shared among all the classes.Unlike the older games, there is no resting or tactical use of limited resources.  Your characters can not die.  When reduced to 0 hit points, they can be revived without cost, even in the middle of combat.  The worst that can happen to you is to have all characters knocked out at once, at which point the ""penalty"" is restarting from the latest checkpoint.The game most resembles the Baldur's Gate series which appeared on the consoles a few years back.  The main difference is that while those games featured fast paced action and good graphics, this game features dismal visuals, drawn out and boring combat, a slow and unresponsive user interface, and a camera that must be constantly rotated manually so you can see what is going on.On the whole, I am very sorry that I wasted my money.  There is simply nothing to recommend this game."
76561198080365571,Not Recommended,325600,18790470,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,suboceans11,"Do not buy this if you are looking for D&D stuff! This game has its values, but it is in no way the game they advertised. The mechanics are nothing like Tabletop D&D and the Dungeon Master Mode is a joke. Also, the mechanics are extremely simplistic. If you can get this for around 5€, go for it. But don't pay full prize for it and don't be disappointed if you get bored with it quickly."
76561198082572174,Not Recommended,325600,18970460,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,kargan1207,"I do not hate the game, but it does not feel like a $40 title. My major problem problem, however, is my computer black screens if I run the resolution at 1920 x 1080, and nothing has remedied the problem thus far. It still feels like an alpha of a potentially good game. Wait to see if it goes on sale."
,Not Recommended,325600,19111228,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Marbleskull,"I went into Sword Coast Legends expecting some interesting party based combat, hopefully with some clever dialogue and an engaging story. I ended up with higher blood pressure, throbbing rage-veins, and a strong sense of raw, untargeted hate.The game drops you into a tutorial dream sequence set in a flaming building. The smoke and flames make the graphics blurry, so it's hard to see your surroundings while you figure out the controls, including a non-intuitve manual screen rotation to look around walls and such.The purpose of the fire is to give the tutorial a sense of urgency, but the opening dialogue kills that immediately. It starts fine-- someone wakes you up to let you know the building is on fire and beset by enemies. The natural response, ""oh♥♥♥♥♥♥I should fight my way out of this burning building,"" isn't assumed by the game's creators, and you have to go through several painful dialogue steps. I don't remember the exact words, but it's something like:""Hey wake up, the building is on fire""""Oh no, I hate when things are on fire.""""Haha me too. We're also under attack.""""Oh man, we should get out of here.""""Yeah that's a great idea.""""I agree. See you on the outside.""""Yes I will see you there.""The tutorial popups trigger constantly, and after clicking through a mixture of obvious tips and specific information about non-intuitive controls and directives, the game had me navigating up and down a hallway to kill a few baddies. At one point, I missed one, and it didn't let me leave the burning building until I backtracked. There was no red mark, no combat music, nothing to indicate I was in combat, it just needed me to walk back through the smoke to kill a random unimportant character before I could leave the burning building.The end of the tutorial had a sweet flaming demon, and I was like ""♥♥♥♥ yeah maybe this game doesn't suck,"" but then I was back into the actual game play and someone was waking me up and talking about their own ♥♥♥♥♥♥ dream and omg it was the same dream let's talk about it. Oh also let's gossip about this character that's outside the camp.Of the characters, half have thick, grating accents. I think the dwarves were supposed to be scottish and the halflings were supposed to be irish, and the end result was me thinking about scotland and ireland and leprechauns and accents in general and how tolkien wasn't a hack writer and actually developed his own languages to help immerse people in the universe he created.After a tedious filler fight, the game finally let me get a full party together and set out exploring. I was excited to be finally playing the game, and got brutally murdered by the first random pack of wolves I met (still on the same level). ""No sweat,"" I thought to myself. ""Guess I'll have to be more careful.""And then I was back at the beginning, and a dwarf was telling me about a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ dream she had.Do yourself a favor and pick up Divinity: Original Sin. It's turn-based combat, so it might not be exactly what you're looking for, but it's an excellently made game with great dialogue, interesting combat, intuitive controls, and a good story.If that doesn't appeal to you, then replay Baldur's Gate again. Or M&M VI. Or Dragon Age. Or go buy a case of soda. Do anything but give the creators of Sword Coast Legends your time and/or money."
76561197970541295,Recommended,325600,19810602,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Mother F. Ross,"Played this game for the first time on the free weekend deal.  -  Love it!  It really takes me back to the old table top experience as well as the great party based RPGs from back in the day.  I highly recomend this to anyone who likes RPGs, especially if you never got a chance to play the Balder's Gate games.Sadly, I'm broke due to Christmas coming up...but I will be buying this game as soon as I can."
76561198024804116,Recommended,325600,19812505,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Crunchy,"The free weekend was a blast.  I could not decide what I wanted to play.  I spend the entire weekend making new characters and trying out different builds on each.  Granted they are missing a few classes but what they have give you enough room with skill sets to pretty much make whatever you want for the most part.  I will be purchasing this game to actually play the story now that I have figured out what class I would like to play.Also ignore all of the hate, everyone who voted down this game are upset because it doesn't play like a table top pen and paper version of D&D.  I have yet to see any game ever, play like the table top version so I am sure most of these people will just have to stay angry."
76561198042587568,Recommended,325600,19812827,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,avatarklh,a newer version of neverwinter nights 1/2 with diablo2 style skill trees. i played 5th edition table top and was sad to see my cleric not able to pick my tabletop specialty that includes some nice perks. the spell list is shorter. but like the game as a stand alone d&d style game. no dailys or spell slots is a plus instead they use cooldown timers. so there are less stops for rest along the journey. no feats and no info on when stats are upgraded or how many skill points you get per level or if they are based on inteligence like previouse d&d video games. but as i see it i give it a  75% thunbs up.
76561198004117311,Not Recommended,325600,19815748,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,hawkeyedm2003,"Only played a few hours on SP during the Free Weekend. Its was keeping me entertained. Tried the DM portion of creating a module and was very unimpressed.Was hoping for a newly improved NWN type DM system. This system has very few options and very limited on what you can actually do.Maybe I'll pick it up and give it another chance, but overall forst impressions are about a 6 out of 10."
76561198029569060,Recommended,325600,19819174,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,dunkster69,"Now that I have played the game on the free weekend, I have to say I cannot agree with the negative reviews.Gorgeous to look at...360 degree panning camera with reasonable zoom.Rock-solid d&d lore...customisation...loot...pausable combat....huge game world....over 100hrs of gameplay...what's wrong with that?Sure...maybe it could have been better, or could have been more faithful to the pen and paper ruleset...but i cannot say it is a bad game because it didn't do those things.( I also don't give a fook about the dungeon master or multiplayer modes and wether they were any good or not).Very playable if you like this genre."
,Recommended,325600,20590324,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,CaptainGs,"(disclaimer, I have not tried DM mode yet)A decent D&D game similar to games like Baldur's Gate.  I only have a few complaints.  One has to do with the in-game map.  When you open the map, you can't move it around the screen.  This seems more like a rough edge that just hasn't been addressed yet.  Another has to do with monsters auto leveling to your character level.  I know this is due to the system of generating dungeons for players and DM's to use, however I've never been a fan of this mechanic.  Then there is the matter of not being able to have multiple saves during the single player campaign.  They really should change this... it just seems lazy.  And finally, the game only has a handful of abilities for each class to learn (feats, skills, spells, etc- all rolled together), but the choices are fairly limited.  This is most noticeable with Wizards.Overall very much worth the price if you enjoy this style of overhead, pause-tactical, party based RPG.  However, not a must have for people that aren't already fans of this sort of thing.  I look forward to future content, and hope to see a modding community take off.**SPOILER EDIT**Before the final battle, you are warned that there is no going back.  Normally this would not be a big deal, but since you only have a single save game you are stuck.  So be warned, finish all your side quests since you are _forced_ to start over after the final battle."
,Recommended,325600,20615589,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Rags,"The Truth about Sword Coast Legends.If you are a hard core D&D fanboy that wants to apply the old school table rules then look away, I got no time for your details, or if you are FPS player looking for instant gratification then this game is not for you, go find some RL friends, you lonely camper.But..... if you are looking for a game that can bring you and a few friends together and actually engage in something called ""social skills"" then this game has endless possibilities.Single player will scratch the itch of old Baldurs Gate games, similar to Pillars of Eternity and Divinity:OS. It is well worth the price.Co-Op and DM modes are where this game really shines. Co-op is great for just a couple people, Even one DM and one players can lead to a great story and tons of laughs. You can have 4 plus a DM or anything in between.The absolute best part is the community and all the free available modules that have been created. Last I looked there were about 2000 free modules available for DL. Tons story rich campaigns or you can have a hacknslash dungeon crawl. They do need to improve the campaign rating system and work on adding more featured campaigns.I think the last thing I want to let you know that the developers have been extremely honest and active with this game. They were really surprized about reviews and reactions from the public, and honestly I was too.I think the reviews are a failure of the marketing team, they fluffed the rollout and led the public to high expectations.This is a solid game, extremely fun and tons of growth potential. Good single player, great co-op and the only real DM game on the market. Lots of replayability because of the community campaigns.If you are on the fence about purchasing this game, let just say you will like playing the single player campaign, but add a few friends and you will love Sword Coast Legends."
76561198035949850,Recommended,325600,20661968,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Kabbage Weatherfork,"Amidst all the hatred for this game, I have to admit that while it does have its flaws, I found it to be highly addictive and very enjoyable. From a somewhat nostalgic viewpoint, it brings back that great, genuinely fun feel that was seen in D&D games like Icewind Dale. As far as play-value goes, this game actually does pretty well. There's a relatively long story with very enjoyable companions who each have their own eccentricities and humorous quirks, providing good banter at times. If you finish the story, don't fret: Besides DM mode (which, as of this point, I'm actually yet to try out), there are still Dungeon Crawl and Module modes. Dungeon Crawl lets you create a party, either online co-op or with any of the characters you have actually made, and puts them in a randomly generated dungeon that fits specs for enemies, environment, and bosses that you choose. If that's not enough, there are still Modules which are being added and are played as miniature campaigns.From a single player perspective, this game is genuinely good. The pause-input decisions-unpause mechanic works well and allows you, with enough effort and foresight, to come up with effective kill team procedures. The character development is enjoyable, too, as there is a plethora of powers and abilities from which to choose. The only downside here, though, is the distinct lack of Multi-Classing that is often seen as the stamp of D&D games.Another good thing is that, for a player like me who has a very low-end PC, the game is still very playable. The only lag on my low-end PC occurs in open areas, whereas dungeons - where most of the game occurs - are smooth. Moreover, lag is actually irrelevant in a combat style where one can pause and input commands.Personally, I struggled adapting to the D&D 5.0 system at first, having only played much older versions, but I picked it up quickly enough to avoid any real issues.The biggest negative to this game is a vast array of glitches relating to loading screens. The forums are riddled with issues about non-loading loading screens and issues thereafter; however, there is an easy fix for those of you concerned: before loading, drop your graphics settings or window the game heavily, then as soon as you're in-game, put them back up to where you want them. This works pretty much every single time, so there's no actual negative there.Overally, I'd give this game an easy 80%. While it may seem a push to buy it full price, if there is ever any discount on it, it is definitely worth its weight."
76561197989871050,Recommended,325600,21046150,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,ghanadaur,"It's not NWN, Baldurs Gate, or any of those other former D&D games. But thats perfectly fine. It is its own game. It's fun and easy to pick up and reminds me of those Saturday afternoons I spent as a child running a campaign for my friends. it was a simpler time, and this game brings me back to that."
76561198033978802,Recommended,325600,21106782,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Phantus,"I enjoyed the single player game.  It loosely fits in the D&D realm.  I have zero interest in MP.Pros: Enjoyable characters/story, fun sense of humourRuns well (for me)Acceptable game lengthThe Meh:- old, toony graphics when their target audience wants dark realism akin to D&D- no customizable batle AI- inventory item icons are often just coloured blocks- weak engineCons:-Overly simplified (had a watered down console feel), the skill/proficiency trees took a page from ARPG's instead of CRPG's-Only 4 characters in your party, should be 6.-Amateur Inventory System (Can't equip your party in camp) you have to grab 3 party members and leave and come back, grab three others leave and come back etc...-Clunky leveling system.  Only your active party memebers gain experience which is practical in theory but encourages the player to pick 4 from the start and simply stick with them all the way through for maximum leveling.-the save system is dreadful, one save, not just one quick save, one save for the whole campaign.  This is a major flaw which I saw a dev say was a Steam cloud restriction which it isn't.  There should obviously be limitless local saves like every other RPG.It comes across as amateurish and suffers from not being wholely D&D or wholely something else.  Hybrids always suffer.  That's me being picky, overall I had fun with it.  I recommend the campaign for $30 and under."
,Recommended,325600,21687726,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,StayFrosty,"Not as infamous and well crafted as Baldur's Gate or Neverwinter Nights, but this is worth the price and I am having fun with it. Not sure why all the hate, but expectations were pretty high for it and think it came up short with most people which is kind of understandable, but far too harsh on it."
,Recommended,325600,23195086,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Ghost in the Shell,Managed to get this on sale. I'd say a $10 well spent.Ignore the negative reviews and go for it.
76561198053653124,Recommended,325600,23353776,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Agrias Oaks,"Playing on a Laptop without a mouse.Overall, I love this game! I expected quite a different experience, however, I was surprised with what I ended up with! That being said, first I'll say what I expected, then I'll list pro's and con's.I expected a solid RPG experience with an immersive world, and a game maker element with tons of customizations! Instead, I got a challenging, immersive, unforgettable, long lasting journey, with a mild level editor.Pro's:Massive WorldExtensive Character CustomizationStrong RPG ElementsMeaningful Co-operative PlayHours of GameplayUnforgettable StoryFamiliar LoreBeautiful WorldTon's of Enemies and NPC'sExcellent, Intuitive, and Smooth controls (recommeded to use a mouse)Con's:DM Mode is not as free as an RPG MakerLack of Tools for DM ModeSometimes the difficulty has a steep learning curve (this could be a pro)Difficult playing on a track pad (Again, not intended for track pad use, but could be a tad smoother)Overall:I went in expecting a wonderful RPG, it delivered, I expected wonderful multiplayer aspects, it delivered again. I expected an immersive and extensive DM tool, more specifically, a better campaign creator, it wasn't what I wanted, this far from makes or breaks the game. The DM tool is fun, and the campaign creator is fun as well, however, it's not intended to build a whole game..it's more suited to smaller, shorter campaigns, and pick them up with expansions or add on campaigns. This game can offer a truly wonderful role playing experience, especially with 4 other friends, and using voice chat.I DEFINITELY recommend trying this game, if for nothing else, the story campaign and the Rage of Demons campaign is wonderful!"
76561198064315112,Recommended,325600,24151211,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,evilllie,"This game is awesome, I don't know what is more fun playing the game itself or offending d&d board game players with my lack of interest in they're feelings. This game is amazing and I have made many friends playing it.It plays well and is worth the coin if you can pick it up on sale."
,Not Recommended,325600,24211651,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,jmike00,"I can't figure out how this game won awards. Bland story aside, mechanically the game is horrible. I hope you enjoy an overused Dept of Field because you essentially can't turn it off despite there being an enable/disable box in the options. The only way is to tick the Disable All Post Processing which does turn off DoF along with Ambient Occlusion, Boom, Anti-Aliasing, etc. Since the developer has gone bust this isn't something that's going to be fixed.I'd like to say the story makes up for it's technical problems but sadly it's not enough enough to distract me away from the Depth of Field problem."
,Not Recommended,325600,24363624,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Daisuke,"Missing NPCs everywhereHow am I supposed to play it?1 - I try to finish the first dungeon and the boss is missing2 - I reload, find the boss, defeat him and leave the dungeon - all of the NPCs to turn in the quest are missing3 - I create a new game and as soon as I start talking to Jarhild, I realize that even though she is talking to me, she is missing.Also, even when I miraculously get all NPCs to show, it still bothers me how bad is the skill cooldown system which takes forever for most skills and how limited is the class selection for a DnD game. This game has a lot of potential, but is nearly unplayable at this point. How I long to find something like neverwinter nights 1 and 2 nowadays!"
76561198006836122,Not Recommended,325600,24384170,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,DutchBlak,"Pros:The writing is solid, cool characters ectCons:Runs like crap (gtx970)Basic boring combat, nothing like D&d except the names of spells ectUgly jagged low res texturesBuggy and unbalanced, coop unplayableSword Coast Legends account requiredCamera sucks, you can't move the camera over a ditch you have to go around it"
76561198060759802,Not Recommended,325600,25365216,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Opalenna,The game has a great concept especially with being able to create your own Module. However glitches specfically with the module creator keep you from loading in modules to further edit after the first save. The D&D part of this game is really not there either so if you want to save some money stay away.
,Recommended,325600,25878059,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Raistlyn,"My first attempt at this game left me frustrated and annoyed. I came back to it a few months later and for some reason it just clicked..... loving it now. Really enjoying the environments, story and combat."
76561198026155820,Recommended,325600,26007739,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,barzai,"I finished this game a few days ago, and--like many others--I'm mystified as to why so few liked it. I'll stipulate at the outset that it's no Dragon Age--though of course, in the case of DA2, that's a *good* thing--but it makes no pretense of trying. In fact, it's a very sophisticated, refined version of the long line of isometric RPGs that began nearly two decades ago (!) with Baldur's Gate.RPGs have evolved a great deal since then, of course, and nowadays we mostly expect to see RPGs assume the general form of first or third-person pseudo-shooter games: that line of development started a decade ago with NWN2 and ME.Notwithstanding this, isometric RPGs still abound, and probably outnumber the more intimate versions. Certainly Pillars of Eternity and Torment Tides of Numenera would qualify.All that being said, what's the game like? Well, here's my take: it's easy to engage with, and while certainly letting you make all your own mistakes, it never overloads your capacity for understanding. I would say that, on that basis, it's superior to Divinity: Original Sin, which has fared much better both here on Steam and on MetaCritic. I tried to get going on D:OS several times but just couldn't get into it: I fired up Sword Coast Legends and was off and running, and had to tear myself away to get to bed.YMMV, of course. Part of the difference is that I've never liked the turn-based approach so many of these games take, going all the way back to the original Fallout. Never liked those, never got into Temple of Elemental Evil...frankly, never understood why you'd want a turn-based system, rather than a real-time system with pausing, as you did in BG and all its progeny, all the way down to Dragon Age Inquisition. Because turn-based RPGs invariably entail action points, I find they completely push you out of the game's immersive experience.All thius being understood, how fares SCL as a game? Certainly it is fair to say that the larger plot arc isn't nearly as deep and engaging as all those BioWare ""Save-The-World!"" ones, but it's not bad. The NPCs you get to recruit aren't, perhaps, as engaging as some of those from those games either, but they're certainly adequate to the task. It would probably help if they had deeper back-stories and better banters: there's almost no interaction between either you and the other party members, or among themselves, and that can be a bit dreary.There aren't too many fetch-quests--though there are some--and while I am sure some would have liked a crafting system, I was very thankful to do without. My one disappointment was that there are opportunities to collect bits and pieces of legendary weapons and have them reforged by the Luskan blacksmith (for a hefty price), but few are really worth it. The only one I wound up keeping was a very nice dagger, which I assigned to the rogue (duh).As far as the interface goes, it was a bit uneven: parts of it were very well thought out, such as the inventory management, but some parts, like the toolbar, could be a bit awkward at times. I also only realized fairly late in the game that attributes that are fixed at the start in most RPGs--what armor types you can wear, what weapons can you wield--are actually upgradeable with the same pool of points you otherwise use to add spells and feats when you level up. I expect I coluld have helped out my rogues by upgrading their armor capabilities!Combat is straightforward, and actually requires some tactical finesse: you generally don't want to let your party stay tightly grouped as they generally are at the start of a combat. And the AI leaves somewhat to be desired: how many times did I have to heal up mages who kept running up to the line of battle instead of standing off at a safe distance ?!? Even a rudimentary tactical structure (engage / rangestrike; buff / attack / heal) would have helped.The other pleasant surprise was that several of the choices presented to you are meaningful: without giving anything away, I discovered after the fact that I precluded a whole subplot arc by choosing to end one of my enemies rather than sparing him.In summary, I found my 60-plus hours of play very enjoyable, and I might well try again, especially now that I understand the game system better. The game is a highly-refined instance of a classic style--the isometric RPG--now on its way out: but that's no condemnation."
76561198043260649,Recommended,325600,26203535,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Bud,"Nice game if you are fan of old skool Dungeons & Dragons Baldurs gate. Good story and alot of side quests. The game is too easy tho, even on hard mode. Me and my mates were lvl 15 ( max level is 20 ) and destroying the last boss with ease :("
76561198325499482,Not Recommended,325600,26494517,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,RedBald26,"Big disappointment. This is not what I expected from D&D game at all. It's not like Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale or Neverwinter nights series. It's just a slow and boring version of Diablo 3 in D&D style. Devs were lazy or didn't take good example from previous Forgotten Realms games. At the character creation, things like race, origin, alignment and deity are just cosmetic and have no effect in the game."
76561198312250761,Not Recommended,325600,28944961,Posted: 2 January,all,fagerberg.p,"The game has extreme lagging and loading sequeces, to a point that after only a few minutes of gameplay or over an hour of real time, I just could not stand it anymore."
76561198058183652,Recommended,325600,33922434,Posted: 31 July,all,Berchamion,"I really liked this game. Perhaps a little straightforward and a too simple at times, but still a great classig RPG game which has given me hours of fun. If you enjoyed playing Pillars Of Eternity, I guess you would like this game as well."
76561198115868632,Recommended,325600,34042680,Posted: 5 August,all,dung.geon,"Old Skool  rpgWant more Baldurs gate style action ?   here it isI have only played  Offline single player so far , but im impresssed !Game has been stable , with great music voice acting and varied missions.Will update review when /if i get to try multi-player + DM modes outBrought in sale for $10  great buy ! thanks Steam"
76561197989776377,Not Recommended,325600,18702735,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Dunhart,"This is a D&D game for the sake of invoking brand recognition only. It's incredibly reductive and closer to latter Dragon Age games in terms of gameplay than Neverwinter Nights, for example.One need only look at the skill tree system, lifted directly from every action RPG made ever, and notice that 99 % of the skills and abilities are purely for combat to tell that this game is not for you if you're looking for a game that makes use of the finer complexities of D&D.However, it passes the time if you're simply looking for another action RPG and don't mind the clichéd story, occasional bugs, like five voice actors in total who don't even bother trying to change their voices when playing different characters and the slightly unintuitive design and UI that comes with making a game with consoles in mind (I mean, there's no excuse to having only one save slot per character and NOT BEING ABLE TO LOAD A GAME IN COMBAT)."
76561198039027107,Not Recommended,325600,18795987,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,damageinc570,"I would love to write a review of this game, bu so far, I have only been able to freeze my computer at the start screen. I've thrown out $40 for nothing, and can't seem to find any helpful support. Skip this game until the bugs are worked out, or just skip it entirely."
76561197986254542,Not Recommended,325600,18814174,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,DaveNaler,"I returned the game, its buggy and just not the experience that it has been made out to be.  Its a sad reflection on the get it out the door before its ready business that game software has become."
76561198053614948,Not Recommended,325600,19873405,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,gforce3554,"This game is horrible, I got ripped off.  And I paid 35 for this nonsense and can't get my money bad.  Bad form - instead of leveling up and getting bennies, it uses skill trees.  Who uses skill trees nowadays?  Not even WOW uses skill trees anymore, way to easy to mess up a character."
76561198261312167,Not Recommended,325600,20308448,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,shaunrice,"Unlike several other people who have left mostly negative reviews, I actually enjoyed the game for the most part.  I would rather have had a level 40 max with multi class options, and the ability to play an avariel lol.  My biggest complaint is the number of ""stopped working"" crashes I have had to endure in order to play it...  It does make it very difficult to recommend to friends.  Spending money on something that doesn't work well isn't a good idea.  Had I known the crashes would have been this prevalent, I would not have made the purchase.  and yet ANOTHER crash during character creation..."
76561197965714396,Not Recommended,325600,22483606,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,mauricemeat,I put in time. Hard hours.Which was fine until the game glitched and since there is no way to access previous saved game files(or there is only one constatnly overwritten saved game file per charecter) I have essentially wasted all of the time i put in.This game will let you down.
76561198035158750,Recommended,325600,33040101,Posted: 30 June,all,studmuffin,"When i first bought this i was quite disappointed.After leaving it for what seemed like an age and loads of updates a few days ago i thought what the heck.So off i went on my merry jaunt and found myself pleasantly surprised how much it has improved.It may not be everyone's cup of tea but i,m really enjoying it.I,m 10 hrs in and having a blast.Well worth the money imo."
76561198008058012,Recommended,325600,33460438,Posted: 11 July,all,Ralek Talen,"Just recently purchased this game, and have been addicted to it wver since.  Game play is excellent, storyline flows nicely, the overall experience is amazing.  Definitely recommend it."
,Not Recommended,325600,18589250,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Gratefuldave,"You can't move the camera by moving your mouse to the side of screen. After a while this actually feels game breaking and disorienting in my opinion, otherwise the game is pretty decent i suppose"
,Recommended,325600,18701217,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,ArchLobster,I'm not sure what is people expected out of DM mode. Replicating REAL DM stuff would be an astronomic undertaking. Fantasy Grounds proves that just the data alone is a nightmare. If you just want to write simple stories and use this for streamlined combat? You won't find better on the market. Single player is also pretty decent.
,Recommended,325600,18703082,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Madao,"This is a terrific game,Although some of the DM tools are a bit shaky it is fun and very enjoyable.  I highly recommend this game."
76561197963180211,Not Recommended,325600,18705552,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Lannan,"This game plays like a low budget Divinity: OS and Pillars of Eternity. It's a shame a franchise like D&D can't really put some money behind their franchise to make a proper game.I don't think the game deserves as much flack as it's getting, but I didn't buy it for the DM tools like many people seem to have been interested in. The gameplay and animations are pretty basic, but the world and environments actually look pretty nice. The soundtrack seems pretty good so far.Hopefully they will continue support for this game, because it does have the bones to be something pretty cool. Player made modules have the potential to be a lot of fun and could keep the game around for a long time. The classes are limited, and customization isn't that great. Several classes share the same ability trees.If you are a hardcore D&D player that knitpicks the differences between the pen and paper game vs a video game, this probably isn't the game for you. If you're looking for a hack n' slash game to play with some buddies, it will get the job done for now."
76561198106165594,Recommended,325600,19791934,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Maximus,"Well, I think this is actually a pretty fun game. Sure, it's not Divinity Original Sin or Pillars of Eternity, but it has a different touch to it which I like. It's simple and not as complicated. I like the combat, it's fast, fluid, and tactical. IMO, the party AI is pretty good compared to similar games. The graphics are mediocore, not bad or fantastic, but they work. I like the skill tree, and I'm liking all the loot I'm getting! Again, I express on this a lot, I love the combat in this game! Good AI, fast, and tactical!"
76561198192345913,Recommended,325600,19818322,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,faust5.1990md,Great Game! More like a tabletop RPG and give the feels! Recommended!
,Recommended,325600,20080883,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,MatticusLong,To me this is everything I wanted in this game. It is nice to be able to hop on run a random dungeon alone or online in just a short time. Tons of replay value here with a pretty decent D&D experiance. The DM and user created dungeons are one of the coolest concepts I have seen in a game like this.*This is a pretty early impression I dont know much about late game.
,Recommended,325600,20596619,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Nalsheen,"Wonderful single player campaign with great writing and brilliant voice acting. For the current price tag at £15.99 it's 100% worth it. Yes, it could be better in a few aspects but right now, and ultimately, it's still worth it for the single player campaign alone. This game has bundles of additional potential with multiplayer and community created campaigns/modules, especially if you have a group of friends to play with. If not, with a little love and support it can be the replayable dungeon crawling RPG I'm sure we all want it to be."
76561198035417777,Not Recommended,325600,23145849,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Linedawg,I just got this game and I can only get past the character creation screen before the game crashes. It will kill my video drivers and make my monitors go into standby mode. This is the only game I have that does this and I do have a video card with plenty of power to run this game (MSI Radeon R9 380). The game looks like it would be fun if I was able to keep it stable to play it for any length of time.Pros:-	The game offers player driven content creation to play with friends in co-op-	The graphics (what I saw of them) looks good.-	Detailed character creation options-	Tons of whys to build each class using a talent tree.Cons:-	Game crashes during game play.-	Video options don’t allow for maximized window mode.  You have to play it in full screen or in a window only.-	Only a few classes and races to pick from.DO NOT buy this game unless the developers have released a patch to fix the crashing issues. Because the game is unplayable that is the only reason I would not recommend it.
,Recommended,325600,23287345,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Libertygeek,"I am not a die hard D&D purist so I can look past many of the flaws mentioned which relate to those complaints. I understand that many feel they were sold a different game. I am not going to review the game they wanted but the game I have been playing.I have only been playing the campaign solo so I can not talk about the MP aspects, however for a dungeon crawl RPG that falls somewhere between a CRPG like Baldur's Gate and an  action RPG like Diablo the game I am playing has been fun, while not a AAA game still worth buying on sale.The game would have faired a lot better if it was a D&D inspired game like Pillars of Eternity. I feel that there is a good game under the hood, the mistake was the D&D label."
76561198035890104,Not Recommended,325600,25370068,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,kcook05,"I've put 20 hours in this game, and it's not horrible, but it's really not good.  I think the story was okay, but the game play is sketchy at best.  5/10I am a HUGE Baldurs Gate fan, and this does not even come close. I even think that the graphics where pretty sub par.Maybe when it is heavly discounted you might try it out."
,Recommended,325600,28918223,Posted: 1 January,all,BrotherSergeant RabbitMann,"This is not Baldur's Gate. Nor is this Neverwinter Nights. But still a great game in its own right. The in game campaigns are fun and worth playing through and there is amazing player built campaigns. This is mostly a toolbox to create and share your own stories, an interesting new way play D&D with friends and a good little time killer. It doesn't replace pen paper but it is worth just about as much of your time."
76561198035699189,Recommended,325600,29336923,Posted: 18 January,all,totken2,"Very cool game.  They've gone a different direction with this game than a lot of others.  As a tabletop D&D player, and player of many other tabletop RPGs for 25 years, I can say that this is about as close to tabletop as a video game can get.  There are differences between the 5.0 books and this game...but there have to be...some aspects of tabletop cannot translate into a video game...I say this because this game tends to draw a lot of critisism, over not perfectly mirroring tabletop D&D (and if that's what you're expecting in a game, then play tabletop and not this), or not being enough like predecessors...which as I said before, they were going for something different.  If you planning on spending the $20, put aside what YOU THINK the game should be, and let it speak for itself.  I havent even logged that many hours on it, and I'm hooked."
,Not Recommended,325600,31101662,Posted: 12 April,all,mastice,"(overall)Seriously?  Don't bother.  n-Space slaughtered it.TL;DR: My Full ReviewI had high hopes for this game.  I'm an old gamer now that started off in the 80's so I've played all the Baldur's Gate games, Icewind Dales, Planescapes, Neverwinter Nights, etc, etc on PC.  I even have fond memories of playing table top DnD.  In fact I have a whole library of hard cover DnD books left from my glory days of playing table top collecting dust.The first Neverwinter Nights, in my opinion, with their Aurora Engine is still the pinnacle of PC DnD gaming.  Bioware smashed it out of the park with that title even though they did make some mistakes.  Then Obsidian came along with Neverwinter Nights 2 and, in my opinion, ruined what Bioware had started.  It was my hope that n-Space would redeem the Neverwinter series and bring it back to life.  But, sadly, they slaughtered it.The chief problem with Sword Coast Legends is that it's not a Dungeons and Dragons game.  It has a DnD feel to it.  But that's about as far as it goes.  The character customization is, at best, generic.  There are almost no skills to choose from outside of the few predictable ones.(power them up over and over, rinse and repeat)The battle system is a boring buff, attack, pause, click, melee, and click fest.(rinse, repeat again)Finally the editor itself is severely restricted in creativity.This was a horrible attempt at this game.  It's almost like they were trying to dumb it down too much to try to lure new players into the world of DnD.  It really comes off as an insult in some ways to us hardcore fans of DnD."
,Not Recommended,325600,18702685,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,gevrik,"I have to edit my review and sadly now I can't recommend this game. The game itself is awesome, but there are constant random crashes now that I have advanced in the storyline and it has become unplayble. Literally crashes every 5 to 10 minutes at random. Posted on the official forum about it, but it does not seem as if the developers take the 30+ posts in that thread seriously.It has been two weeks since we first reported these crash issues and nothing has happened...My old review:Amazing story, great gameplay, like it better than Pillars of Eternity. Have played both the official campaign and a couple of community generated stories and can't wait for some add-ons to be released so I can create myself a Necromancer for online campaigns."
,Not Recommended,325600,18805420,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Harel,"First I want to say that english is not my first language....So where do i starts ? when i heard about SCL going to be launch i was excited, after played all of d&d and ad&d games since they were own by TSR, From Dungeon Hack, BG 1 and 2, Icewindale 1,2 and as i said i was really excited so after i played this year on Divinity original sin and Pillars of eternity(which by my opinion is the game of the year even though that its not use pure d&d set of rules he feels much more d&d then SCL) my hunger grow so i pre-orderd the game throw Headstart 3 and i tried to play it i really tried and this is my main CONS :1) HACK & SLASH - i read that one of the developers said they didnt intend to make it DIABLO like game but this is how it feels, all the dungeon crawling is very linear and boring, the enviroment maybe reach but feels lifeless espically in the dungoens, what make me so dissapointed about its that DIABLO III is 2011 and still taking SCL easily as a Hack&SLASH game.2) D&D RULES - The game doesnt feels like D&D by any measure, the tree skill very boring and very repetitive, why you cant stick to BG, ICWD which were programmed back in the 2000 but still feels much D&D, skills and spells needs to be once per day in the low levels and in the high levels some of them ""per encounter"", wizards cant learn spells and only from the tree which make it kind of bad, Even the RANGER need to cast his companion and not to choose one permanent companion which lvl up with him togheter. no need to sleep and i didnt see that time is passing by from day to night only by the DM.3) GRAPHICS - The characters even on the high settings feels very generic, in POE the characters looks amazing with the robes and weapons and etc. in SCL the characters feels like TORCHLIGHT II or something even older which makes it bad.4) DMing - DM cant build the dungeon he only gets random and generated random and he can add stuff to it, give you the feel that D&D genre is not for intillegence and creative peoples anymore.5) RACES\CLASSES - D&D and RPGS are all about character customization and here you have only the classic races and classes, where is the devs and the graphic designers creativity ? back in those days when i used to play d&d with friends, some guy played HALF-GIANT the other HALF-ORC , we could play pixie, wizard in lvl 14 could turn to LICH, DRAGONBORN class that in lvl 12 could grow wings and those amazing kind of things which in 2015 i really wanted to see but didnt.6) VOICE ACTING - For me the voice acting in general is OK but the characters VOICE very repetitive and annoying.So what did i get for 35$ on pre-order SCL ? game that say he is D&D But feels HACK&SLASH which all the DIABLO's better, the skills tree very generic, boring and unimaginative and gives you the feels of more ACTION game then D&D And to say the least ? CRPG ? not even close ... after the Excellency of POE which proved me that you can make a good sequel to the greatest games of BG, ICWD , SCL proved the opposite , not even close to POE , D:OS and even not to DIABLO of 2011 and BG 1 of 1998, DISAPPOINTING !!!"
76561197993614494,Not Recommended,325600,19038282,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,BuRnT,"This game was awesome for a day or two, but for the last week I haven't been able to connect to their servers.  This is ridiculous."
,Recommended,325600,19808772,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,KWiP,"This game is absolutely worth it -- PROVIDED that you know what you're getting.Reading through the (many) negative reviews, it seems that most of them are from people who were expecting ""D&D 5e: Steam Edition"" -- It's not. This game is more like, ""Baldur's Gate III: D&D 5e.""What you SHOULD NOT expect from this game:* Faithful reproduction of Tabletop D&D 5e mechanics* A DM mode powerful enough to replace you home D&D setup or Tabletop simulator.* Any kind of traditional TTRPG experienceWhat you SHOULD expect from this game:* A fun and compelling 'dungeon crawler' RPG* Familiar locations, creatures, spells, etc. from the D&D 'Forgotten Realms' universe* The ability to create semi-randomized dungeons to run as a DM or player (still fun, though the DM tools are admittedly somewhat limited at this point)If that second list sounds like fun to you, then this game is still absolutely worth picking up."
,Recommended,325600,19926570,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"A solid CRPG/ARPG hybrid with the ever-classic Forgotten Realms universe as a backdrop. Hardly a masterpiece, but by no means deserving of the near-constant stream of vitriolSword Coast Legendsreceives on a near-daily basis."
76561198111565312,Not Recommended,325600,22373732,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,The Falcon,"Load screen issues seem to be the major problem here! I paid $19.95, waited 12+ hours for the game to DL, and it doesn't even load past the load screen...so I can't even play a game I paid for!It appears the developers (who've now gone bust and quit!) aren't interested in fixing the issue either!Don't waste your money!"
76561198027600728,Not Recommended,325600,23211767,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,wibou,"This game is bugged; after a fresh install, the audio just won't work. No sound at all.I tried to play a bit anyways and it crashed on me during the tutorial... not that great.Another thing to dislike is that you are being forced to log into an online non-steam account even for SINGLE PLAYER game. Do we really need yet another third-party account to play a single player game? What about investing time into testing to find and fix your bugs instead?From the little I seen this game does not seem that great anyway... forget about strategy, your characters AI is hardcoded to rush in while using everything they have automatically.You want to funnel ennemies through a narrow doorstep? Forget about that, half your team will run inside the room at the first chance they get while casting all their best spells... This game was made with OCD kids in mind, not RPG players.Avoid this game. Waste of money even on sale. Badly developped, bugged as ..."
76561198027835406,Recommended,325600,23367681,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,magiccarrot,An excellent stand alone rpg in its own right. With the added benefit of a great mutiplayer and superb dungeon master mode which I have yet to try yet. However from what I've seen of it in YouTube videos it looks amazing.
76561198016787020,Not Recommended,325600,23921871,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,CycloCyanide,"Terrible. I dont mind the fact spells are on cool downs, that makes total sence, but the actual game play is rubbish, such a let down from good old DnD games. Since when do you need 4 casts of magic missile, and 5 ray of frosts and 7 fire bolts to kill 1 lvl 1 skeleton. WTF."
,Not Recommended,325600,25949399,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,The Non Anti-Inverse One,"I was really enjoying this game. It's not really D&D, but the combat was still engaging and the story and characters and graphics were all nice. However, since the last hotfix in June the minimum requirements for the game have been increased. Now I do not meet minimum requirements. I do not recommend buying a game that does this and does not patch the bug for its customers. I do not fancy playing the game with a large pink box covering most of the screen."
76561198052413797,Not Recommended,325600,28914788,Posted: 1 January,all,Fickles,If you're looking for a d&d game this is not it. I got a refund straight away so I cannot comment more than that. I was really excited and then really disappointed.
76561198078307255,Recommended,325600,18596533,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Diamundz,good community so far
76561198076250673,Not Recommended,325600,18771780,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,WOEFULKIDFACE,I suppose I'm just disappointed because I wanted a game which felt like Baldur's Gate with better graphics and 5e rules.Was the bar too high?
76561197962733843,Recommended,325600,35216246,Posted: 25 September,all,GhostEye,"TLDR: Really fun game that gets a bad rap due to some overly picky DnD fans.I see a lot of negative reviews that talk about game mechanics and ruleset discrepancies.  I played through the entire game in single player and didn't really notice any of that.  So I guess it's just a matter of how picky you might be.  This game is fun, and deserves a better rating that the current ""mixed"" in my opinion.If you're on the fence, and you're not a super hardcore dnd fan (or you're able to realize it's just a game and you can overlook little details), I'd give it a try, well worth the modest price.  The only issue I had with the game was that in some sections there was quite a lot of backtracking where you spend several minutes just running through areas you've already cleared.  There really needs to be some kind of ""return to entrance or exit"" feature once an area has been cleared.  The game was still plenty of fun despite that minor annoyance though."
,Recommended,325600,19845611,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Tricsun,"Haven't played the single player yet, but when playing with a group of friends, DM mode is actually really fun."
,Recommended,325600,29753126,Posted: 6 February,all,EviLaurent,"I liked that game very much. The story is good, combat too.  Plus if you're a fan of the books & series you wont be lost in this lore and find it even more fun to play."
76561198053335937,Recommended,325600,34625204,Posted: 30 August,all,Argistrin,"This game totally filled my nostalgic longing for yee-old NWN, Baulders Gate 2, Ice-wind dale days. Ugh. I'm confused as to why this game is getting mixed results, with many people longing for a D&D wow clone. seriously? Go play wow if that's what you really want to play. Don't poo poo this game because it's not something else. Poo Poo it for it's actual faults. It's like buying a microwave and complaining that it doesn't make toast. There's a reason game trailers exist.Other things, I'm okay with the cool down system being used. I wouldn't have asked for it, but it's fine as is. It enables people to chug along with out having to rest every 5 minutes to restore all of their spells and what not which-to be honest really does eleminate one really time consuming aspects of it's ancestors. Still, it's lacking a few things... like bard, monk, barbarian, sorcerer to name a few. I saw they added in warlock, nicely done by the way.all in all, it's a decent game. If you give it a chance it's worth your time."
76561198048188264,Recommended,325600,34841936,Posted: 9 September,all,Dhulqarnayn,"Have thoroughly enjoyed my time with this game so far.Having not played any form of PnP for more than thirty years I suppose my expectations were different. I am playing it for what it is rather than what I think/hope it should be. For fifteen euros is great value, looking forward to downloading player made nodules, and making my own, time allowing."
,Recommended,325600,18640550,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Greenmonky,This is great game and fun to play coop
76561198246185472,Recommended,325600,18694174,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Uriel74,I love this game!
,Not Recommended,325600,18744910,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Shaolin,"I just refunded this game.It is not that bad, and there is in fact much to have fun with, but the price... It's just not worth it.I had my fun with the beta, with the final product, but felt like it was NOT worth the price they ask for it. Decided to get my money back to buy something worth it.I hope they lower the price so I can buy it again someday. I really wanted to help out the devs.A real shame. I recommend playing this game, but I don't recommend buying it. Or at least not with this price."
76561198058647908,Not Recommended,325600,20065238,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,kyrin1993,"Not a strong entry into the D&D canon.  I bought the game because I loved the concept ... an isometric Baldur's Gate experience that you could mod like Neverwinter Nights.  This game failed to deliver on the first part of that formula with cartoonish graphics, only a loose adherence to the D&D ruleset and a single player campaign that lacked any serious depth.  I didn't get too much into the ""create your own dungeon"" because of my disappointment with the core game.  To be honest, I don't know why WoC doesn't just hire Bioware to update Neverwinter Nights or get Black Isle to do a third installment in the Baldur's Gate series.  The re-releases of Baldur's Gate are doing well, Pillars of Eternity was a success and the modding communities for Neverwiner Nights are still clinging to the Aurora Engine because nothing better has come along.  D&D fans want to give their money to someone but they deserve better than this."
76561198043397568,Not Recommended,325600,20234091,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,[SFP]FNB,"DO NOT BUY THW DELUXE PACKAGE!!!!! you will not recieve the game keys and they direct you to the dev who tells you to talk to steam support. They in turn treat you like some kind of computer invalid and offer no help whatsoever. The dev is not much better, pawning you off on steam after similar treatment."
76561198021982372,Not Recommended,325600,21917123,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Acolynae,It doesn't live up to the hype.  Buy Pillars of Eternity instead.
,Recommended,325600,27721265,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ryu_dagoth-ur,"this is a great representation of a D&D game, it's so far fun, and the story is good"
76561197991927359,Not Recommended,325600,21474466,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Makutu,go the♥♥♥♥♥♥ can't even get through the first story because it's too badly coded to survive the graphic error
,Not Recommended,325600,21683010,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,rustypup,"This would be a bog-standard CRPG with a fair-to-middling story if not for:i) Bugs. Not the good, squishy, kind but the frustratingly aggravating kind. Everywhere. Duplicate NPCs, skills that de-buff during conversation. Events not triggering or pre-triggering. Just... a little more salt than the meal technically required.ii) Resource abuse. My i7/GTX970 should not run at 100% for 100% of the time. Ever. No - not even in Unity."
76561198028475211,Not Recommended,325600,18634998,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Matt Bellamy's guitar,"Seriously? The whole reason we picked this game up was to make custom adventures to play with each other while not being able to meet in person for Pathfinder. The most customization I get whe nit comes to monsters is their freaking color scheme? Can't even change attributes? No real trigger editor? Pathetic excuse for a game. Will not be booting up again without SERIOUS overhauls to the DM system. Waste of money and winner of my ""Biggest Disappointment 2015"" award.You just want to play single player? Go play either Dragon Age or Diablo. They're better.Avoid this game at all costs."
76561198135751337,Not Recommended,325600,18607602,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Dih Maldito,I feel like I'm playing a beta version.An unfinished game!Not a great experience.I don't recomend this title.NOT AT ALL!!! Don't buy it!!!(Eu sinto que estou jogando uma versão beta.Um jogo inacabado!Não foi uma grande experiência.Eu não recomendo este título.DE JEITO NENHUM!!! Não compre!!!)
76561198029576525,Not Recommended,325600,21371115,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,AyeMagpie,"The cooldown on spells is not D&D.There are no tradeoffs you have to make in this game.It is linear, it is like watching a story. And it is easy.There is no PvP.Not really for me.The story is OK :-)"
,Not Recommended,325600,18592357,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,C H R 0 S,"Was going through the upcoming games list with my brother and we were very excited to see a co-op game being developed by sword coast. We went ahead and purchased the game because we have played some of their previous titles and considered them reputable. They even offered a -13% discount and free DLC if the game was purchased before the scheduled release date. Seemed like a no brainer.We were wrong, turned out to be another flop game released on steam. For more details just read the forums... people are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Expected more out of a company like this."
,Not Recommended,325600,18592708,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,cleanfun,"- Character customization is wanting, both in style and appeal.- Selected hero gives verbal feedback for every single click, and the only way to disable it is to mute ALL character voices.- There are no hotkeys to select individual party members.- There is no implementation of a rest mechanic.- The loot system is uninspiring and redundant.- The story isn't interesting.- Party A.I. is generations behind.- The map system is inexcusable.- There is no implementation of a fast-travel mechanic. You crawl, everywhere, all the time.- When I alt-tab out to do something, the entire machine is bogged down to a stand-still. I have to save and exit the game in order to perform any miniscule windows task, then reload the game.It's like they read a text-book of what is expected in a game like this, set up superficial placeholders for HALF of the requisites, and then just released.I got a refund and feel like I just dodged a bullet."
,Not Recommended,325600,19215824,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Scott Ackerman,"holy cow really? in the year 2015 a game this vanilla? its not that it feels like a torchlight or a diablo game its that it feels like cookie clicker. customization of only a handful of things with the most bland options. nothing original in settings, scenes or anything that makes me even feel like i am in forgotten realms. heck, 1990s eye of the beholder had more of a forgotten realms feel to it than this did. man, i am the most upbeat and positive gamer you will meet and there is only 2 games i have ever given a thumbs down on steam (have 200 plus in my library) and this is now one of them. what happened? how did such a watered down bland game with less customization, setting, and originality than games half its price get made. approved, released and sent off to be sold in this state? come on 2015 and for 40 bucks this is all you have to offer? really? really?! im not angry i am just really really disappointed and surprised this is what had been boasted about as being the latest and greatest DnD release....yikes!"
76561198140457477,Recommended,325600,18586917,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Rockpaper,"I played quite a bit of the early access after I preordered.  The game isn't totally what I wanted but I also think you can get 40 hours of game play out of it.  40 hours for 40 dollars is acceptable for price.  A buck an hour is usually what I look for in pricing.  I think the storyline looks good so far in what i've seen and how its done.I think the real issue is the new D and D ruleset is not as good as 3.5 or prior.  It doesn't feel like D and D at all.  And the DM stuff doesn't feel like Neverwinter (nor did anyone claim it would be, but I still hoped).  So you will be kind of left hanging, but if you can deal with that I think the game is fun.Just a note...I find some characters completely unenjoyable to play in this ruleset so it may be worth taking a few stabs at the game with different characters.This is a good start for something to build on too...add in more customization for DM's and please find a way to make persistent worlds in the future."
76561197972409906,Not Recommended,325600,18626171,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Indivisible,"This is my first review.TLDR: Its a poor game, there are moments when you think this should be better than it is. Modding could fix this, unfortunately the game's DM tools are completely lack luster and modding is all but impossible at the moment. It feels like the developers and their lackies made a game that they want to control, so you only have limited tools, while they get the entire toy box.It has all be said by others, but it boils down to this for me, and quite likely for you as well.1.	As a DnD game, this is pathetic. The pacing is way too fast, there is no balance (not once have I felt at all threatened by the enemies in the campaign) and the dialogue is halting and clunky at best. It lacks key races from any fantasy genera (notably Orcs and Dragons).2.	As a hack and slash, the game is ok. It mainly consists of clicking on the enemies until they are dead, with almost no skill use except the occasional pause to counter a spell or heal a teammate. The UI is terrible, clicking on anything is clunky and often you misclick and stand there doing nothing while being hit.3.	The Engine is clunky and ugly. Clicking on anything starts feeling like a chore in the first area, dialogue is invasive taking control of your camera and anyone else playing with you regardless of location. The color pallet consists of greens and browns.4.	Multiplayer is even more clunky. As every time you talk to someone all players are interrupted to see the dialogue (instead of just posting it in the message box on the lower left, like NWN). You cannot leave an area without all party members, meaning if you have a retentive friend or player that likes to micromanage their inventory, you have to wait for them. It also means every time you click to leave, a dialogue box pops up that will kick them out of their inventory, hilarious once, annoying afterward.5.	Lastly we come to the one thing that could have redeemed this game, the Toolset. As long as your modding tools are comprehensive enough with a DnD style game, someone will make it work when you utterly fail to do so. Unfortunately here the game again falls flat on its face. In an effort to simplify the tools so that the developer’s young children could use it, they stripped the toolset of every possible usable functionality.a. You cannot craft dialogue trees without getting creative and making your game endlessly clunky. Every quest or quest action you can write a single sentence or two before you hit character limits then the PC only has the option of a yes/no response. To make a dialogue tree, you have to make a separate quest action for every single sentence, requiring the players to click multiple times to continue a conversation. Yet the engine is clearly capable of supporting dialogue trees, as they are present in the main game.b. Quest rewards are randomized; you cannot pick a specific reward for players.c. DM character creator is limited, you do not have full control over stats, equipment or even colors when it comes to monsters. This is great if your used to bad DM’s that overpower all their characters because ‘mine’ but terrible if you’re a good DM and just want the freedom to tweak until your happy.d. Quests can only be bound to objects or characters, you cannot place a trigger just on the ground to be stepped on. Quests also can only be triggered by clicking the object.e. Exterior Maps are ‘random’ but they are not. Maps are pre built, with between 2-5 variations many of them just small areas, like a glade in the woods. This makes for tiresome tweaking to try and make each outdoor area feel different, while using the same map(s) over and over again.f. Dungeons are random (yay) but the templates for them are just boring, brown and ugly. Still suffering from the same problems as the rest of the game.In the end, I cannot recommend this game, my brother and I purchased it to play a good old DnD CRPG and it got boring in the first half hour, we plugged on for another two before agreeing to return our copies. Modding will not fix it unless the developer can/wants to open up hood and give the users the full toolbox."
76561197982468735,Not Recommended,325600,20242396,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,troy4230,"Well i gave this game time if you look i owned it for some time. I would say its a solid concept, however game play and character devlopment is not D&D. Im sorry a wizard does not pick spells with feats in any D&D game im aware of. Also the voice acting in spots is horrible to be nice and the compaions are about as smart as a box of rocks, and you dont have the abilty to even make your own compaions your forced to use the one that are in the story. All in all id say the graphics are ok and the music is stunning but the feel of the game with the mechanics are all wrong. Again the single player/character creaction is horrible. Now the only saving grace is the GM mode which can be fun and challenging...but not enough to keep the rest from killing the game.  I would not suggest this game.Ok updated to the Drow addon or whatever they want to call this. First off you can make a Drow Elf look like any other elf which is weird and you can make them lawful good. Come on guys at least know the lore your trying to make a game for. And yes i have heard of Drizzit but he is one of a kind in that world. This game isnt worth the money unless it goes through some changes with the AI and the character creation and the character advancement system. Again wizards dont learn spells with ability points."
76561198079568947,Not Recommended,325600,29679491,Posted: 3 February,all,Brandon,"What it does have: The most absolute basic elements of D&DWhat it doens't have: all of the Classes, useful DM tools, all of the races, anything interesting or fun"
,Recommended,325600,20328720,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Bryan,I really like the game and despite the negative reviews I'm pleased with the game. It can be set to for traditional turn-based play easily. It is not a click crazy game.
76561198017415202,Recommended,325600,18672125,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,LostDigit,"Great single player, weak toolset. Hopefully the toolset will be improved upon after release, but this is worth picking up already on the strength of the campaign."
76561198092674712,Not Recommended,325600,18622330,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,brian.biology,"Sadly I have to say that I instantly dislike this game from the get go, dispite the appealing promise of the game. As other reviews have stated already the D&D brand is tantamount to a sham.Character creation feels stale. Things are not explaned in any detail nor are they intuitive in any way. An atheist cleric or paladin just seems odd - deities seems tagged on and doesn't really provide anything. The possibilities for customizations are very low - a mere 5 classes are presented to the user and you have little influence on how these are configured. Moreover the characters look cartoonish in appearance, which annoys me for some reason.I have only had about an hour of actual gameplay and there is a reason for that. The controls are confusing and annoying. Maybe it is a Linux bug, but you cannot scroll by moving the mouse to the egde as usual. It feels like a tedium to play the game and it shouldn't.This game is NOT BG or NWN in any way or form. If you expect that kind for game then pass on it. I was fortunately able to get my money refunded. I may try to pick this up in a summer sales and give it a go in a different light."
76561198061409535,Recommended,325600,18672181,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,M0nkeyMindMeld,"It's Sad, but the Developer's did it to themselves...Legends of the Sword coast is a good game, HOWEVER, the reason for the negative reviews is obvious. I nearly gave it a bad review myself. The reason you ask?... For considerable disappointment in game design mechanic.I watched many online videos before the games release, hearing how the designers were working with Wizards of the Coast to create an authentic D&D 5th edition game, but that's not what they made. I won't go into specifics, but the game mechanics only very loosely emulate the D&D rules, therefore making a game that fell short of so many perspective fan's expectations (D&D gamers are known for being particular about the rules. The developers should have known this).On the other hand, If you're willing to let go of the ruined expectations, the failed execution of the D&D rule-set, and enjoy the game as is... its an enjoyable game. For the record though, had the developer's actually FOLLOWED the D&D rules, I'm sure this game would have been held with reverence, and celebrated as much if not more than it's Baulders Gate predecessors. But hey, the Developers did it to themselves, and ultimately it's their loss when people don't buy because of all the mixed reviews."
76561198081431512,Recommended,325600,18679131,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,dangosango33,"I haven't played for long at all... mainly because I got stuck in the story mode, but keep loading up and trying again, loving the game so far, but never really had the patience for games like this until now, easy to understand, easy to pick up again after a few days not playing it, love it."
,Recommended,325600,18722395,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Losian Rooke,"Decent.All in all, it's decent. Not great, it sure as hell isn't the new coming of Neverwinter Nights 1 or 2, but it's okay.The biggest issue is that, like many games in recent times, it cripples it's open-endedness, design, and flexibility for the sake of ""pure"" online experiences. That is to say, there is a DM client, you can make quests.. but they're all very flat and simple. Extremely limited. If not you could potentially spawn items, use it in online games with other people, etc. etc.Now, frankly, I think ""who cares? why do we keep ruining games by protecting against the idiot minority that we'll never really stop anyways?"" But none the less, it's what they did.The gameplay itself is reasonably familiar to anyone who is keen on NWN/DA/BG/etc. You got your party, your potions, your skills and spells and all that. It's based on the newer 5th edition on D&D. I'm sad nobody ever worked 4th into a proper PC RPG because it was absolutely PERFECT for translation.That said, they seem to have made some of the usual adjustments - and mind you, I'm wide open to interpretations for the sake of a game with a ruleset like D&D, but well.. You basically get a handful of skill trees. Spend points, go down 'em to get abilities, so forth. No real feats or anything. It's also worth emphasizing that the balance is way wonky. The abilityes DO NOT scale with level. We've gotten a few acts in playing co-op and right now just melee-ing does waaaay more damage than any ability any of us have (even the wizard!) It seems to me that spending points should raise damage dice, which then scale with level, etc.It may be a small thing but the font drives me insane for some reason. It's very soft and rounded and fuzzy. It looks like it belongs in a game for children, not in an RPG I'm supposed to take seriously. All the menus and spells and combat just feels way too round and soft due to the UI/font and design choices.The voices are pretty well done. The quests and dialogues are decent, if not all that compelling at times (ho there evildoers, surrender! you won't surrender? then i will kill you! oh you tried to kill me, you must be evildoers!) There's a decent handful of companions with their own backstories and quests and such. The game itself is reasonably bug free, though we've had some quirkiness. A few items we searched not showing up, some occasional funk with a disappearing mouse cursor, trouble loading, but nothing has been downright game breaking.Over all, really and truly, it's just decent. It's not a super expensive game, it's well voiced and looks pretty alright, and it's an *okay* adapation of D&D. It misses SO MUCH of what made games like NWN/NWN2 great, unfortunately. There's really no 'skills' to spend points on, just stat checks, so gone are your persuasion/intimidation/etc. There seem to be frightfully few opportunities to do ANYTHING except kill your way to a resolution of almost every situation. Earlier on in the game we had a handful of ""oh we coulda done that"" or ""because we did that and this we can now go this way"" but it seems to have tapered off dramatically to very straightforward kill-them-all, as usual.At the end of the day, though, it just isn't NWN. It's not BG. The open-endedness and flexibility are nonexistant in the name of online matchmaking fairness and all that nonsense, and it really gutted what coulda been neat. The DMs just don't have near enough control or ability to make something compelling and customize much of anything. It's really very disappointing.But, anyways.. if you want any kind of party-based RPG then you know the pickings are slim these days. If not for that then I imagine Sword Coast would fall a bit lower, but when you already have so few choices you kinda have to take what you get.. and Sword Coast is decent, just plain decent. I wish it were better, I wish it were more, but it isn't. But it's still playable and you can still get at least a partial fix for that style of game from it. Pillars of Eternity did it way better, though lacking the co-op of course, sadly.But by no means does all this mean it's a ""bad"" game, it has a lot to live up to, it just only does an ""okay"" job of living up to it."
76561198005408622,Recommended,325600,18597088,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Amanbris,"This is not a bad game, it's just not what ""most"" people would expect when it comes to D&D. It's simplified, streamlined and certainly more arcadey , dare I say , consoley. The story is ok, can't fault it, not going to jump over pits of lava to finish it quick however. Combat is just a little bland / clunk but not game breaking, higher difficulty levels increase the fun level i believe. I think the real selling point for this is the modding community, i can see some great modules being made for this, ala NWN. I can only imagine more will be added to the game through DLC which will only benefit it in the long run. I think it's a little to expensive however, would certainly wait until sales if i had my time over. Having just purchased Rebel Galaxy for half the price I feel a little ripped. I would recommend the game to those who really liked BG, NWN but just don't have the time to get into them any more. If you want BG, NWN , IWD you're going to be disapointed unfortuantely."
,Not Recommended,325600,18593650,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Kintoun,Horrible multiplayer and coop experience. Riddled with bugs and poor design decisions (lack of resources?)
,Not Recommended,325600,18594439,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,CrowX8,"I've played D&D for probably close to 5 years now. I've run huge campaigns and I've created characters that I'll never forget. D&D is one of my greatest creative outlets. When I first saw this game, I was like, AW SICK MAN A FULL D&D GAME WHERE I CAN MAKE ALL MY CAMPAIGNS COME TO LIFE. Unfortunatly, the DM tools suck, there isn't nearly enough content. Character creation is meh at best. I may have only played 20 minutes of this game, but thats how long it took me to figure out that this game was trash. Back to pen and paper."
76561198006718974,Not Recommended,325600,18628037,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Glaeken,"Not a bad game ...... per say. Not a brilliant one either !..First, a few basics : No camera controls with mouse !? Really ?... And no way to navigate the map . In this day and age ? That is just unconceivable that such fundamental playing comfort is lacking ...Besides that, I'm not a D'n'D ayatollah, so I could totally live with the skilltrees and cooldowns. But why making them so boringly long ? And the level scaling ? Gosh, I thought since Oblivion every RPG game devs would know how awful this design is !..Now I know the game is more geared towards mutliplayer dungeon crawling but stills it has a solo campaign and I'm quite unimpressed with it yet decently entertained. But what bugs me the most in that solo play aspect are your party NPCs behaviours. I will gently overlook the speeches that get quickly annoying or the erratic pathfinding to focus on the tactics. Great this game has party AI tactics ! But like many things, SCL does it half arsed ... Why can't we fine tune them ? I mean this game would be released in 2009, he would be a rockstar ! Just too bad this year was Dragon Age and after this guy, it's really hard to go backwards in terms of game mechanics ...So we got an ok game which hopefully will improve with patches and mods. If I had knew better I would have wait to cough up the bucks on that one ..."
76561197976146744,Not Recommended,325600,18688688,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Spawn,Game could have been much much much better. Sadly Dming a game is close to imposable. you can not join a game as a DM you can only HOST a game as a DM and hope that some one joins the game.These people dropped the ball for this game. Could have been an EPIC game but will shift to the sale chart very very fast.
76561197970014330,Recommended,325600,18584385,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Khaosmarine,"First of all, I'd like to say that 2 hours is no where near enough time to be able to write a true constructive review, whether most of the reviewers had the game on pre order like myself and put a good 20 hours+ into the game through the headstart weekends we've had over the last few weeks I can't say (which was only the Community created modules, until this last weekend when the final Headstart was the official release of the Story mode to us).Now to the nitty gritty.Is the game good?In my opinion, yes it is.  It has a great feel to the game and while the playstyle is somewhat different to the Baldurs Gate / Icewind Dale from days of yor, I do feel like I'm part of the world and attached to the characters involved.  Now I mentioned Modules earlier, the modules are created by other members of the community, think of them as a Story within the story.  Some are really good, and I'd certainly recommend you keep an eye on the community member Chronometer, he's got the first 2 Acts of his story uploaded, I've played the first Act and well WOW.  If the creator so wishes he can set them up so they can either be run as they are, or require a DM to play as well, so you do have the variety here.The game itself is fleshed out but still pretty much a skeleton of what it could (and hopefully will be).  I've watched the Developer Twitch streams, and they have been completely forthright and open with the community and taken heed of any feedback given.  They are hoping to add more classes to the roster in future patches (Druid lovers rejoice) amongst other things that I can't remember off the top of my head.And finally, I've seen a couple of reviews complaining about the graphics not being upto todays standard, while I agree they could be more polished, I feel it gives that little nostalgia bone a little knock and adds a certain charm to the game, at least it does for me.  Saying that I play for the game not the graphics, graphics are nothing without gameplay, and this certainly does have the gameplay and with the Community modules you have plenty of replayability."
76561198007185622,Recommended,325600,18584346,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,connelld1965,"I played the headstart for 6 hours yesterday and really liked the story line.  Worth it for the story alone.  I also liked being able to pick between a lot of class trees to customize your character and am looking foreward to trying out some solo builds.My team made it to level 3 and I had no issues or glitches!As an old time DnD player, it is not normal DnD game where you crack open a DM or Players manual and get out a bunch of dice.  In fact, it does not seem close to DnD but looking at the game as a whole, I like it a lot.I was disapointed that you could not ""roll"" a character like old games to get amazing stats.  Being able to click a few thousand times to finally get that great character made me invested in that character's success.Final thoughts:  If you are looking for a hard core DnD experiance you might want to look elsewhere like the Baldurs Gate series.  But if you are lookng for a replayable adventure with lots of character customization and a DnD feel, this is pretty good."
,Recommended,325600,18584159,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Tarupron,"Do not take my hours into account for this review (unless you're reading this way after release), I put a lot of hours into the Head Start Access.This game is the most fun I've had in a top-down point-and-click style combat RPG since the initial release of Diablo 2.It plays like Diablo 2 with the exception that you are locked into combat with the first enemy you click (you can change by clicking another enemy) and any abilities you use - so long as they aren't AoE - are automatically targeted to that enemy. My mouse will live on with this game.DMing is very fun, you can create your own Campaigns to DM for your friends or anyone, or you can pick up a Campaign from the database and DM that instead. You can also DM a Dungeon Crawl as well, and in any of these modes you can make the experience unique each time by changing what they run into using the DM Threat system.Threat is an automatically generated resource as time goes on, you lose threat if the adventurers die to encourage you to be fair, you gain threat over time or if you remove enemies from your adventurer's paths.Threat is used to spawn enemies and traps to create the unique experience for your players. Though there is also an option to have unlimited threat for those of you who are either feeling incredibly evil or if you feel like you have enough self control not to murder your party but want to be able to make experiences unique on the fly without worrying about threat.Don't get me wrong, there are flaws in this game. There are fairly minimal customization options compared to the vast world of D&D that this game supports, however I feel like this will change as the game grows.At the time of this review the current rating is ""Mixed"", please don't let that discourage you. If you enjoy Diablo 2 style games and also enjoy being able to create your own content, give this game a chance."
76561198046183848,Recommended,325600,18584057,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Desna,"Don't listen to the negative reviews, it's mostly D&D fanboys who wanted a neverwinter night game rehash. This game is awesome, if you like roleplaying games you will enjoy this game. It's a mix of D&D and Dragon age. The story is great and above average length by today's standard. The voice-acting for companions and npcs is top-notch and a joy to listen to.i found myself pausing often to swap characters and use different heals/potions to survive most of the encounters in which i was outnumbered. My mage was essential at crowd controling using AoE sleep, confuse and hold monster to paralyze tougher foes.There is also Online mode which lets you co-op online with random players or friends. I personally don't care much for it, but it's supposedly one of the major selling point of the game. Even without it, i recommend it just for the story-mode.Not sure why some of the negative review praise pillars of eternity so much, i finished that game playing a single character (barbarian) pretty much on auto fight clicking my heal on occasion. It's not what i'd call very strategic. I've also read some that said it was like diablo, not sure what they were smoking, it is nothing like diablo, other than being set in medieval type settings with sword and magic...No game is perfect obviously, it has a few bugs, but nothing game breaking. One particular bug is that sometimes the smaller areas, like caverns and small-size temples, will not let you immediatly click on chests or closed door even after you discover them. It's hard to explain but anyone who played it will probably have seen it happen. But i'm sure they'll patch it soon enough.Despite that, i still finished the game and i'm on second playthrough. Trying to find all the things i didn't on my first time around and make different choices to see the outcomes. Anyways, thumbs up, hoping for good expansion new classes/races in the future and player-made mods/campaigns."
,Not Recommended,325600,18631223,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Sesshu,Does not play anything like it was advertised.
,Recommended,325600,18599120,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Dardragon83,This game remind me of Baldurs Gate I & II. It's such a great game.
76561198022423407,Not Recommended,325600,18631006,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Knightweb,Why does Dungeons and Dragons constantly attach their name to these piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥games. I mean c'mon already. How many years were you the only thing in the business with fantasy RPG that transformed into game play. The only one you ever made right was Temple of Elemental Evil and that's not even on the level with some of what is out there. Rally. Get it together. Some people still love the thought and dream of a good game.RTS for a RPG is just terrible. It's for when we didn't know better. The graphics are from Baulder's Gate era and don't get me wrong for years I loved that game but graphics and gameplay are capable of so much more now. For me initiaive and actual game play concepts just seem like a better translation. Where is that?PS if you are going to make a character editor to design the character the way you want them and make it so indept with eye placement and nose width at least make it good or leave it out. Jesus people.
76561197990373437,Recommended,325600,18597487,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Qumi,"Nice game. The story is very good and interesting. Mechanics is different from DnD, but based on it. Don't expect Neverwinter Nights, but it surprisingly works well."
76561198041557456,Recommended,325600,22893843,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,loneeagle85,"good time killer and the story mode is not that bad, just wish they added in cross-classing and famed weaps like drizz weaps to arabiths(mind the spelling) greatsword from NwN frist game"
76561198045672828,Not Recommended,325600,18698168,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,redwingjamie,"Enough people have roughed up this game. I won't pile on. It is nothing like it was advertised. I already got my refund. Now, I am taking that money and going to spend it on Pillars of Eternity. I recommend that you do the same and save this for the 2016 Summer Sale when its a buck."
76561198017232061,Not Recommended,325600,18628115,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,dinferni,I refunded this game. Not sure why they keep coming out with games that have terrible UI. I haven't been able to find a good RPG since Dragon Age: Origins was released. It's really too bad. I was extremely disappointed with this game.
76561198170694379,Not Recommended,325600,18590055,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Obi-John K'ental,"This is not D&D, Neverwinter nights I & II both had a closer relation to the D&D rule set of their time. the graphics somehow remind me of Warcraft III, the DM mode is a step in the right direction, but not quite what I hoped for since it lacks the ability to manipulate maps, sceneries and/or tiles.I shouldn't have bought the game at the original price tag, if you want to try it, wait for a steam sale and pick it up then, it's not worth more than 15€ (about $17)"
,Recommended,325600,18643037,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Parrotdactyl,amazing game
76561198031454816,Not Recommended,325600,23749385,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Reaper,"Not worth the money, not even the summersale price. Lots of bugs and even menu settings wont work right..."
,Recommended,325600,18620577,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,H3X3N,"I think a lot of people are upset that this game uses so little of 5e D&D. And that's OK. It was sold as a 5e game. But it really doesn't use much at all.My Pros and Cons are all mixed together. You can decide what you think is a Pro and what is a Con.-It's a fairly pretty game with some serious balancing issues.-Controls are a bit of a joke. No edge scrolling for one.-Can't click anything behind the quest log on the right thus losing 25% or so of your screen space. Makes spinning the camera a bit of a pain.-Terrible SP AI in your party (you have to pause, stop playing your main to play the cleric as she's too stupid to ever cast a heal spell and will let the party die. Thus negating the reason for making a toon to begin with!).-Sneak Attack doesn't seem to work right.-Performace is questionable on a 6-core i7 4GHz machine with 16GB DDR4-3200 and a Fury X.-Lack of hints or marks on your map helping you with quests-DM mode is kind of fun. Making dungeons is fairly easy. And quite fun.-Haven't actually played any MP yet (the reason this game exsists in the first place).-Story and setting are good. Nice to see things set in the Forgotten Realms universe. The story takes place AFTER the events of the Transition series by R.A. Salvatore (Orc King, Pirate King, Ghost King).All things considered, it just launched and most of these issues will be addressed before too long. Having said all that, I am really loving this game. And recommend it to any RPGer. Just know that it's far from perfect.Edit: Ignore the hours it says I've played. I also played 12 hours during the Head Start Access event.Edit 2: <snicker> I am review # 420 ^_^"
,Recommended,325600,18620870,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,SagaciousMoose,"I think this game is fun if you take it for what it is. The negativity this game gets is immature imo. People leave bad reviews because they think it should be something it was clearly not meant to be. Graphics are nice and the battle system is fun but can be annoying on occasion. Story and characters are interesting. I think the character models at creation are gross and I wish there was more customization there, but thats my only real gripe. Overall, good game. I was anticipating it greatly and I'm enjoying it just as I'd hoped. I haven't gotten into the DM side and I dont expect to really."
,Recommended,325600,18591370,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Ganja Captain,"I have been waiting a long time to play a game as good as this. I was very suprised with how well put together this game is, funny story, great graphics (try 4k if you can), epic quests, just like the neverwinter and boulders gate series and to all those negative reviews, you must not like crpg's. this is the best crpg out there hands down. You do NOT want to miss this one. Dont even get me started on dungeon master mode, one word awesome."
,Recommended,325600,18678261,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,billbotics,"I can't believe the poor reviews this is getting.This game is incredibly fun, and I've only played the single player campaign up through about halfway of chapter 2. I absolutley LOVE D&D 5th edition, and I believe they have translated it incredibly well into a video game.I loved Baldur's Gate 1 & 2, Neverwinter Nights and Dragon Age: Origins. This game falls somewhere between those and it is awesome.People don't realize that you can't fully translate a tabletop D&D experience to a video game, because the core element of D&D is roleplaying. The combat mechanics and skill checks are fun as heck, sure, and this game does that in spades.The NPCs that you meet are well done and make you care for them.Again, I'm only halfway through, but I would give this game a solid 87/100."
76561198035364525,Recommended,325600,22088091,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Zephorah,"EDIT:  I'm changing my review to thumbs down because I hit a specific yet highly significant wall.  My understanding is it's a 5.0 tabletop thing.  STATS cap out at 20.  I now have no real reason to level any more, and thus no real reason to play.  What's the goal here, a 20/20/20/20/20/20 toon?  If so, what is the point?  Now I'm sorry I spent the money.  A rogue with a DEX of 20 and no more.  Fail.Graphics: Divinity Original Sin styleRuleset: 5.0Plot of main campaign: Meh.  Not terrible, but nothing new under the sun or compelling.Setting: Start out with a caravan travelling between Neverwinter and Luskan.Character building: Most closely resembles character customization in Dragon Age I.Recommendation:  Sure, maybe, if you're really bored.  Price is still too high though, for solo play anyway.I am a 3.5 fiend.  Still play DDO and am replaying NWN2 because they hit my minimum graphics requirements and I just love building characters.  I can build a character, save it, and stop playing altogether.  It's central and it keeps the game fresh.  I think DDOs staying power rests with the fact that you can rebuild a character endlessly through the 3.5 ruleset and get a different game each and every time.  You can't get that with other games.That said, I cannot play Neverwinter online.  I hate 4.0.  No choice, no variation, no ""newness"" to each character.  Which equals crap replayability.  Moving on.Sword Coast Legends uses 5.0.  It's not terrible, but it's not 3.5.  No feats, no cross-classing.  My rogue uses DEX for trap skills instead of INT.  Previously finesse-able weapons are just straight out  DEX based.  No feats that I've seen.  STAT pts with level ups which you choose to place.   What my rogue gets is access to 8 ability trees, including: skills similar to the 3.5 list, though dumbed down; things like ""scoundrel"", ""assassin"", ""thief""; something bard-ish; something ranged; general stuff like ""two weapon fighting"".  As I said, most closely resembles Dragon Age character customization of a rogue."
,Recommended,325600,19646923,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Mr. Furious,"I'm a big fan of FR but I was a bit sad around the area I typically feel emotions when I saw the mixed reviews so I went with Mordheim instead (which is brilliant btw). I had a bit of disposable income this week to throw at a new game, so I took a closer look at some of the reviews and noticed that a lot of them were complaints about deviations from the core rule set which didn't bother me much. I do not regret this purchase at all. I'm only a little ways in, but I can tell you the voice acting is awesome, dungeons look great with lots of detail, secrets and traps, while graphics look just a little dated, open areas still manage to look beautiful and they're interesting too in unexpected ways,Developers communicate with their audience and patch where required with community content packs which is what I think gamers expect these days after years of feeding the AAA machine money and getting silence in return,Have not had a look at the multiplayer or DM aspect of the game, living in Australia can make getting people in a party hard, but hopefully that should change once the game gets a little more polish.If you enjoyed BG and all the rest, don't buy into this expecting copy paste experience. Attribute points are still there, but perks have been replaced with skill trees and no multiclassing (but access to multiple skill trees per a class), AI companions can be controlled by player or the AI and they have their own voice acting and direct role in the story. Oh, and abilities and spells are cooldown now so no resting after every few encounters (which I kind of like), there's a few classes missing but I'm sure (I hope) they will be added down the line.If you're on the fence, give it a little more time. Certainly could use a little more optimization and polish, but I think it's a little gem that will see a lot of improvement over time. It's good to be back in The Forgotten Realms."
76561197964853853,Recommended,325600,18655894,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Simonccx,"It isn't baldur's gate, but then that was a given. However it plays well and has a lot of promise. Yeah there will be a few bugs to iron out and hopefully any sequals or add ons will enhance the experience but I would still rate it as a good purchse."
76561198047237057,Not Recommended,325600,18662504,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Mordraug,"Shouldn't have bought before I saw some reviews. $40.00 lost, I had hoped for this game to be interesting as alot of swordcoast games and be a little bit more like Neverwinter series (not the online game). This turned out to be disappointing, it was dull, you cant do much in the way of interaction the story doesn't build really. Not only that but there was no strategy and you die VERY fast. I was hoping for something of a new Neverwinter, I only got this. This isnt to say that this game is good but not neverwinter, I am saying its bad and I am disapointed. But hey the graphics are great! -_-"
76561197965396869,Recommended,325600,23394530,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Macdallan,"As always, know what you're buying.  I didn't enjoy the little bit I played.  It feels wrong, doesn't feel like D&D or table-top.  Do your research.I haven't got much else to say - it looks okay but the gameplay didn't grab me at all.  It's too much of an action RPG cooldown skill click-fest and not enough of a proper strategy RPG like D&D is supposed to be.. . . they missed some of the more common races, but somehow tossed Tieflings in there.  Limited class selection.  Strange character creation that doesn't feel right at all.The game looks okay, and sounds okay, but nothing special in either department.As I usually say with these games - and I'll repeat what I started with - know what you're buying... and get it on sale if you can."
76561198006625156,Recommended,325600,18618276,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Gradec,"It's an accessible RPG with fun combat and an entertaining (10 or so hours in so far) campaign.   The voice acting and music have been consistently good throughout the main story.  Combat is quick, tactical and well animated with the ability to scale difficulty and cry mercy (or at least pause) to slow down the action for more fine grained party control.The multiplayer in the campaign and player made modules, done with friends, has so far been a worth the price of admission.  Hopefully, with DE's backing of Nspace they will get time to refactor and improve the systems that need some extra polish while adding new content to the game.    Warframe (DE) started out in a rough state but I could see its possibilities / potential and the core game-play was there--3 years later I still play it.   Comparatively, Sword Coast Legends has launched at higher quality level and should become a fantastic game if Nspace sticks with it."
76561197976772825,Recommended,325600,18646265,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,strongarm85,"If your an older gamer, if you enjoyed Neverwinter Nights, you will probably enjoy this game. It feels more like D&D than the most of the games produced with this licence in the last 10 years. It is not as cool as actually setting down to play D&D with a table full of your friends, but it is the closest that any game has managed to attempt to do so since Neverwinter Nights."
76561198052269501,Recommended,325600,18652053,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Templarmkiii,"Extremely fun. People who are complaining are entirely too picky. The game is fun to play and DM and the power of the module creator means I'll enjoy making things and running them for the endless future. They aren't the complete freedom and the combat isn't D3, but the game is fun in its own right and it's easy to work around the shortcomings. I think people simply see what the game could be with a little more work and are too focused on that as opposed to what it is right now, which is still fun and well worth the $40."
,Recommended,325600,18936929,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,No hope For humanity,"I've just finished a normal playthrough...and i got to say...the campaign is nice, but to have the most laughs and memories, it's best to play with a team and a good DM. Overall though, the gameplay and combat leaves something to be desired sometimes, crits just don't feel as potent and sound as gruesome as they do in dragon age origins, but overall regardless you're free to play how you went in multitudes of ways."
76561198142065415,Recommended,325600,18883412,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,newearth1,"Used the Disengage ability and back-flipped OFF A LEDGE, simultaneously entered Sneak Mode, and landed in the shadows of a lower area completely out of sight and away from danger.Dank Rogue Manouevers 11/10"
76561198123879295,Recommended,325600,18652333,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,TheParkRapist,"Its fun. Super nerds hate it becuase they are picky and stupid. Get some vaagiina, boys then just have fun playing the game."
,Not Recommended,325600,18661985,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Tango,"Let's get it over with: you played Baldur's Gate, Neverwinter, and was hoping for some sort of continuation. Well, story-wise, perhaps you'll find some mentions about some familiar names. But gameplay-wise, you're in for some frustration. The game is shallow, offers no sense or reward, and is technically bad. The graphics are unimpressive and you'll find an character struggling to find a path to the commanded destination.You can suffer alone or bring some friends to the cooperative mode, which is somewhat funnier, granted, but not very well designed. The pause system used to emulate turn-based combat will make you dispute with your colleagues a meta-game of ""who the hell is pausing/unpausing the game"".And, please, please, please... If you played D:OS recently, just close this page and go, you'll find nothing here even remotely as fun."
76561198018357223,Recommended,325600,18961009,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,rickfett,"Wow, I am really liking this game. It may not be Neverwinter Nights or Baulders Gate, but it seems as though it might be their offspring and may just need some time to grow? It's really great and I really don't understand the negativity. I've played D&D pen and paper and computer games going back to the DOS Goldbox series, and this is a very respectable addition to the D&D CRPG library. In some ways it seems similar to Neverwinter Nights 2 in style and playability, although I always felt that NWN2 was a bit of a mess when it came to any form of stable online play.Also, I feel as though this game is made for the 'old school' D&D folks like myself. And bravo n-Space for delivering on a non-massive online game that the 'old school' have been starved for over the past decade. So, thanks very much for that! I should also add that NWN is probably my most favourite game of all time, and this is a pretty good homage to that era.Anyhow, just wanted to add that I'm loving this game and I haven't loved a new CRPG for a very long time."
,Recommended,325600,19687266,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Erkle,"this is hands down the best game based on DnD rules. it feels like the successor to Neverwinter Nights 1, not NWN2, and really captures you into it. perhaps the only downside of the game is that it appeals to a smaller croud of people because the games creators worked so closely with the wizards of the coast(the makers and writers of Dungeons and Dragons) in creating this game, making less appealing to players who are unfamiliar with that style of role playing games. That being said though, the game is easy enough to understand and play without giving people with a broader knowledge of the pen and paper game any advantage over 'new to the genre' players.  definitely suggest doing this game with friends, 10/10, 11/10 with rice... umm i mean friends."
76561197982173228,Not Recommended,325600,18666819,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Corrupted Valor,"It's a nice shell of a game, but it's nowhere near a complete CRPG experience."
76561197970501861,Not Recommended,325600,18708033,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Shoogie,"Just don't.This equates to D&D and Diablo's baby with down syndrome. Sure it functions... But it's ugly as hell and will never really be successful at what you'd like it to do well at.Got it, played it for some hours, refunded."
76561198092431729,Not Recommended,325600,24951544,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,MORROGANDER,"I don't wanna automatically throw fireballs....I'm a huge fan of dragon age but that's not why I bought this game, I bought this game cuz classic dnd pc games...Well at least I tried this game regardless those bad comments, I'm just not into this game asbaldur's gate still haunting my heart... Guess i'm just becoming old..."
76561197984122241,Recommended,325600,18618975,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Frank Dr3bin,"Entertainment that's entertaining. What more is required? It's heavily influenced by 5e but doesn't replicate the rules perfectly. If you're a fan of the Forgotten Realms you won't be disapointed.Edit: Online with DM and good module is quite enjoyable. There are some minor bugs, however, nothing game breaking."
76561198039447387,Not Recommended,325600,18680763,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Radoslav,"Awful game. Wanted to get a refund but spent 4 hours in it so they didn't allow me to get the money back.Play Divinity:Original Sin, or Pillars of Eternity, or simply re-play Baldur's Gate or Icewind Dale. These are TRULY oldschool RPGs.This one is NOT by any means.Complete lies from developers!"
76561198014429940,Recommended,325600,19117443,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,vivoxaxon,"Lots of pretty angry reviews that i don't think really give this justice. If you go in without expecting it to be baulder's gate 2015 edition i think you will walk away fairly satisfied - i am, having just finished the story. Some bugs still being worked through but for the most part i had a very enjoyable experience, the story was good, voice acting wasn't horrible, and I never had to grind for anything. I'll agree with some of the comments about the difficulty/balancing which could use some work.Never spent any time in DM mode, so can't comment on that.Overall 7/10 for the story mode though."
,Recommended,325600,19275770,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Tumek,"I would recommend this game to anyone interested in playing an online version of D&D with their friends.I would NOT recommend this game to anyone looking for a Baldurs Gate or Neverwinter Nights sequel.I think many people, myself included, were tricked by the hype, or perhaps by our own fan-boy-ism, in to thinking that this game was going to scratch our Forgotten Realms itch. Unfortunately, at least for me, Sword Coast Legends has fallen short of that mark."
,Not Recommended,325600,18648355,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,TRF,"Refunded - the co-op is pointless less co-op more tag along, the halfling starts with strength 19 while the best a human warrior can get is 17, the graphics are from the turn of the century and fullscreen toggle doesn't work. Oh wait I just remembered the ""co-op"" gets worse than just tag along, you can't pause. The game combat is basically a horribly mutiliated turn based system rammed into real time so in solo you mash space over and over to set the skill you want on all the characters (there didn't seem to be a way to plan a series of moves, I didn't care enough to find out if there was such a system) but as the space button doesn't pause the game in co-op you're stuffed. So not only does nothing that the second (or more) player(s) think not matter the combat just doesn't work becoming a really really really bad version of Diablo 2 only with worse graphics."
,Recommended,325600,18618565,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,borgar,"it's precisely what i hoped for in this game, solo or group friendly, can tell stories like back in the neverwinter nights days in DM mode, and all around fun dungeon crawling.   I like that i can walk-on or off if real life intrudes, no big deal.   Graphics aren't stellar but they don't need to be for a top down game."
76561198248817936,Recommended,325600,19274350,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,minifixation,"This lovely game D&D derived game is well worth buying at the current 33% discounted price if only for the fun of playing through the  solo campaign.  The Campaign/Module development tools have seen regular updates in recent weeks and by now there are a lot of player made adventures to be had once you've finished the core campaign.  I've not played on a multiplayer basis with a live DM so far but forum feedback suggests that it's a load of fun playing with a group of friends and less fun playing with random people.There has been a lot of negative press for this game since launch but to me this was mainly due to the developer's trying to please too many different rpg gaming audiences at the same time which then had too many compromises.  By now the game is  seeing a lot of development from some clever guys writing mods which are giving the game a much more 'D&D' feel and at the same time the developers are making continuous improvements based on player comment.  In some ways SCL is a work in progress, but this is part of the charm and for me it adds to the fun since the community chat becomes part of the overall experience.Having played many CRPG's over many decades this game has held my attention for far longer than many others both past & present.   The game is lots of fun in it's current form and definetely has a huge potential with the current development path.   If you enjoy the spontenaiety & imagination which 'pen & paper' rpg's require then this game is being developed with you in mind but if you're the type of person who demands a perfect gaming experience straight from the box then SCL is probably not for you ...... yet."
76561198049711911,Recommended,325600,18973415,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Arynor,"I have only played the story mode so far, so I can't rate the multiplayer mode.The story mode is absolutely brilliant though. Funny dialogues. Not too much to read.Fast gameplay (camera, fights, etc.) Excellent  implementation of the DnD 5 rules - in my opinion.I had a great time playing the game and will try another hard-mode walkthrough soon...Easy to play .. good fun .. made me laugh out loud on several occasions!"
76561198006259517,Not Recommended,325600,19778310,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Atheos,"I really wanted to like this game, but it fell feels very basic and unfinished to me. It should be noted that I only played the singleplayer campaign for some hours however.  All things considered, it was a decently interesting storyline, I actually want to finish the game, but I wouldn't pay anywhere near the price they ask. Which is a shame really. I do like the setting and was hoping for something more similar to previous games set in it.Some negative aspects of the game as I found it:- Wonky and tedious camera controls which i simply could not get used to which ruined some level of immersion for me.- Unclear quest objectives which needed googling (sometimes you can clear an area, get a quest and need to backtrack to a place you already cleared where now a new mob has spawned, or an item has become interactive).- Dull bestiary with the same art for all mobs in a cateogy. And no entries at all for many things.- Lack of fluff in the world. I just found one thing while exploring, a boars head which had a funny text when clicked.- Lack of customisation of characters and classes.- Oversimplified combatsystem where everything has a cooldowntimer, ending up not feeling right.- It's not a perticularly good looking game, ingame models are thick and basic without much in ways of detail.- Some sloppy mapping. A hand full of areas were easely recognizable as carbon copies of one another.- A bit nonsensical scaling of mobs. Rats were harder to kill than vampires."
76561198065284779,Recommended,325600,20637490,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Pain Seer,"As a DM, made my players force-feed a goblin until he turned into a hobgoblin to aid them in defeating cultists in the middle of a castle. 11/10 would roll again."
76561198053246181,Not Recommended,325600,23138974,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,dmckphx,"It is DIablo with a D & D skin. I expect a D & D games to be a true turn based product where each attack is planned. This is click on a foe and your oarty pummels him until he dies.It's not a bad game, but not what I like about D & D or RPG games where you grow your character and fight battles in detail."
76561197972334648,Recommended,325600,18684232,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Frostasaur,"A Very 5th Edition D&D Experience.If you are unfamiliar with 5E D&D on the tabletop, you may be very disappointed with this game.The mixed reviews we're seeing are because of two major reasons-1) This game is very true to its 5th Edition heritage, which is something that WotC have deliberately made into an easy-to-grasp-but-bland-and-flavorless experience. The lack of character to the game and story are inherent in the material. The limited class list, reduced ability trees, all of this is 5th Edition perfectly translated.The combat is dull and repetative. As is 5E table top combat. I think the game is judged harshly here but the problem is the core experience is flawed in and of itself, but that comes from the pen and paper side, not the computer side.2) This game was rushed out the door, even with a delayed release date. Simply put- for a game that's supposed to have a built in DM engine as well as a single player experience, there is a significant lack of customization and variation in the tools and assets included. You cannot make too many kinds of encounters, and the tools are limited to say the least.The game feels like it was shipped missing 100 to 200 hours of more art and voice assets still to be included. That's not explicitly said, but promises of the pre-release articles were for a much more robust experience than was delivered. The voices and character customization options are not only slim and but widely vary. Female characters come in only 4 flavors - Smart, dumb, mean, and smart-alec. Nothing in-between, just polar opposites.The conspiracy theorists might say this is for DLC, but I don't think the devs actually had the time to get done what they originally promised in the pitches.D&D veterans will findthings to enjoy here, but this isn't Baldur's Gate or Neverwinter Nights in the least."
76561197975611233,Recommended,325600,18618971,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,sarfilo,"IMO, campaign is really good. There are four main classes to choose but you can build them to fit any roles you want. The battle system is quite simple and AI is smart enough to do its parts when you don't want to micro-manage. Also, this game comes with DM mode so that you can build and share your modules with people around the world.This game is more like Dragon Ages than Baldur's Gate. I do not know much about DnD 5th Edition but this game is certainly not DnD 3.5 so if you expect everything to be like Baldur's Gate then you will disappoint. For me, I find this edition better than DnD 3.5. It gets rid of all of the tedious steps like rest, which makes the game less interrupted. Since you rest every time anyway to replenish your spells, this game changes them to cool down instead, which I like. It also gets rid of the confusing stat-overlapping items. In this game if you wear two +1AC items, you will get +2AC total which is different from DnD 3.5 that you will get only +1AC. However, this game also gets rid of specialize progression that DnD 3.5 has. For example, in this game, if you want to be able to use longsword, you only need to unlock the skill and that's it. There is no further specialize on longsword anymore unlike DnD 3.5 that you can improve your to-hit and damage by specialize in the weapon-type you use. I think this is probably the main reason why many people give this game negative review. For me, this doesn't change anything, you are still able to improve your to-hit and damage with skill trees or items and, at the same time, are not limited to just one type of weapon. I find I like this way better.Overall, I really like this game, both campaign and rules. Compared this game to Pillars of Eternity, I would say this game > Baldur's Gate/NWN/Icewind Dale > Pillars of Eternity."
76561197996888975,Not Recommended,325600,18705822,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Colossian,"Disappointed with this game. After playing Pillars of Eternity, Sword Coast Legends is a real let-down :(Pros:- Skill trees are moderately interesting- D&D-likeCons:- Poor UI especially inventory, skill bar customisation, character selection- Combat is boring and too fast to appreciate the details- Dialogue is non-skippable and poorly written- Lacks sense of immersionI'll play this because I paid money for it but if I had a demo I wouldn't have bothered buying it.Recommend do not buy this game."
,Not Recommended,325600,19752328,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Gab,"As Engine to play with good DMs SCL is okay.  In any other aspect it is awful. Pre-purchase price too high, even now on sale  it costs twice more than deserves. Literally waste of moneyIf you are looking for really good crpg - buy Pillars of Eternity or Divinity: Original Sin. Or if u are looking for DnD - get Baldur's Gate or Icewind Dale EEs"
,Not Recommended,325600,19995318,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,RyDaddyEff,Couldn't really get past the clunky UI and gameplay. The game just feels bad.
,Not Recommended,325600,22816122,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,stoneious,"What the heck happened with this game? They had a golden formula that would have printed dnd nerd money. Instead it seems like they put the minimum effort into the gameBad voice acting. Bad leveling system. Bad combat. And a god awful DM campaign building and running toolset. Want to make your dungeons and areas? Tough, only randomized maps. Want to run a campaign with quest chains that are all linked? Nope, can't do that.This game is my biggest purchase regret since SimCity 2013."
,Not Recommended,325600,18828243,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Mouse,"This is the first time I've ever requested a refund for a game I've purchased. Ever. I just received an eMail confirming that my refund will be honored, and I realized that for the first time since dealing with this game I felt satisifed about it.I made my purchase after watch videos and listening to the developers talk about the game, it sounded promising and I went into it with the understanding that this would be a game with D&D elements but that it was very much *not* a digital adaptation of the pen and paper game itself.So, even with all my research and knowledge ahead of time, it was even more disheartening when I jumped into my first headstart weekend and felt buyers remorse. I gave the game several chances, about 8 hours or so worth during headstart weekends and then gave up.When the game went live I decided it deserved another shot, so I loaded it up and tried it out - continued disappointment.* The polish simply isn't there. Many aspects of this game make it feel like an incredibly early, Alpha version of the product; from controls to graphics this doesn't feel like a released game.* Pacing feels extremely clunky. This is an important aspect that a game like Pillars of Eternity really nailed. Sword Coast Legends is all over the place with its pacing, going from fast paced to full stop in seconds.* UI/UX feels really clunky. Everything from the nested menu selections to the options themselves feels very incomplete and not at all intuitive.* Dungeon/World Builder feels underdelivered. I was expecting something more robust and clean, what I received was a pale imitation of a world builder that could provide only the most basic of levels for my players.* Connectivity issues abound. Playing with friends was a huge chore, getting into a game was very frustrating and people were dropped from the game all the time. We tried as many kinds of hosting methods as we could and nothing seemed to work; from what I read a lot of folks had this issue.There are a plethora of general design decisions I strongly disagree with on a personal level, but don't need to go into all that. One thing I feel had real promise was the random dungeon system where you could get a group of friends (in theory) and run through a randomly generated dungeon; cool idea but again, poor execution.I've never gotten a refund for a game in my 15 years of gaming, I'm truly sad that this is the game that finally made me do it."
,Not Recommended,325600,18900332,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,[CnD] JoshOfClubs,"My basic summary for this game is: disappointing.My friends and I are DnD players. When we heard that there was going to be a game that allowed players to play while a DM interacted and provided challenges we were psyched.This game does a fairly good job of converting the mechanics of the tabletop to a video game format as far as I can tell. Additionally: character generation and abilities seem to match DnD (5e) as closely as you can with a multiplayer video game while still maintaining real-time capability. Additionally, as a DM I actually LIKE the threat system that gives you a metric on which to tell when you're making an encounter too difficult or too easy for the PC's playing. The dungeon crawls are about as amusing as a PvE dungeon can get and, at least initially, they're pretty difficult - which is a good thing from our eyes. The game performs well, and if there are bugs we haven't encountered them.That's about where the good news ends, though.On the downside, and this is what kills it for me, as a ""Dungeon Master"" you have very little capability to do much of anything beyond spawning and playing as NPC's. The module builder is, in my opinion, absolutely terrible. I was hoping to see something more like Neverwinter Nights, but instead you have zero control over map layout beyond the overall setting. I thought I just couldn't figure out how conversations are supposed to work, and then I realized that they were just extremely linear. As an actual DM the workarounds I would have to go through to make this plausible for a good story are ridiculous, it's like trying to code in binary. Anything is possible, but only through tremendous effort. Unfortunately this not only severely diminishes the experience for us DM's but also the potential experiences for players. I wouldn't expect a 100% free-form game, that's ridiculous, but some of what to me would be *basic* story building functionality such as multiple DM-designed dialogue options and more than one stage in a conversation are completely nonexistent.I hope that ongoing development on this game introduces more flexibility and options for DM's and module builders; if it does this may be a game worth buying. As-is, though: I would probably get a refund if I still could."
,Not Recommended,325600,25071665,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Solid,Sad face
76561198024424090,Not Recommended,325600,18906635,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,aegean,"If you was a fan of AD&D, Baldurs Gate, Planescape, Icewind Dale etc then you will be disapointed, far removed from any WoTC product sor far. I know games have to move on, but this just point blank departs from all previous games."
76561198003377529,Recommended,325600,19384504,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Durance,"I can see where some people got mad about its mechanics. Sometimes I think Wizards of The Coast would have been better served by creating a new Title to run their new editions of DnD under since they are major departures from what older player will remember. It may have avoided some of the reactions of people going in expecting ""their"" DnD ruleset but getting something similar but very different. That aside, this is a well executed game which allows for custom modules. Some of hte setup is still a little more simplistic than I would like but over all, this is really a great game if you don't go in expecting something it isn't.I grew up on the Black Isle games and DnD 2.0 and 3.0-3.5 and while this isn't the ruleset I remember, it is a solid game regardless. It appears to match up well with 5.0 and is a bit limited on the non-combat side of things, but we have the makings of a good game here and a dev that appears committed to improving."
,Not Recommended,325600,18647709,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,FatalArcwarrior,"DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME (at least, not yet)Even if you're a fan of D&D or CRPGS in general or not, this piece of crap is not worth your time. I bought the Digital Deluxe version and didn't recieve any of the in-game rewards (basically spending $20 more for nothing). The game doesn't provide features as advertised, and there's a game-breaking bug that prevents you from getting past the first non-tutorial encounter in the Story Mode, making it completely unplayable. On top of that, the UI is clunky and unresponsive, the graphics look like something from the late PS2 era of games, the framerate is absolutely terrible (around 10 fps or less even on the lowest graphical settings with a GEForce graphics card), and the encounters are either effortless or nearly impossible (changing the game's difficulty doesn't seem to affect this, it only affects how much friendly fire damage your characters take). Tried to contact the game's website to resolve the bug issues, and despite already having an account on the website, I can't access the bug forums. I don't even know if I can get a refund because I already spent 5 hours on the game trying to find a shred of enjoyment out of it. My recommendation is to wait until next year when the game is actually finished."
76561198005445918,Not Recommended,325600,18825143,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,NecroLyte UDL,"Game time doesn't reflect total time played as I was partaking in the early access as well.In it's current state I can't really recommend this game. Been a hardcore D&D fan since the mid 80s and I don't see much in this game that would reflect the spirit of what D&D should be (other than mentioning a few memorable characters in the storyline - i.e. Drizzt).Pre-Purchased the game when they said you can play as a DM, but sadly the DMing feature doesn't offer much in the way of Campaign/adventure design. The lack of available tools makes the DMing feature seem like it was geared towards pre-schoolers. Was really hoping it was as versatile as the NWN Module design tool.Here are some Pros/cons:Pros:- Voice overs are well done.Cons:- Too many to name, but I'll list a few. The 3 first ones listed below are the main reason I stopped playing.- DM tool feels like it was designed by Matel. Doesn't offer near enough tilesets/locations/monsters/sounds/objects to really create a unique adventure for your friends/community. No scripting available for some memorable/unique events.- There are no Dragons... Really.. this is an insult to any D&D fan.- Cooldown timers on abilities are very long. You spend too much time just hacking away (or casting cantrips for casters) than enjoying the abilities you selected to make your character unique.- Character classes/race are limited.- Character ability trees are unimpressive.- Dungeon Runs become boring after you do a handful of them. The Monster-type selection is limited and the rewards are subpar.- Magic items don't feel very magical.. Just recycled magical traits over and over - and they drop in abundance.- The AI isn't very smart.. Your party caster likes to use long cooldown spells (ex: Bigby's grasping hand) on silly creatures that are one hack away from dying instead of saving said spells for creatures that can wipe your party.All in all, this game needs lots of work.. And the plan ahead that the devs listed doesn't seem like it's going to save the game and instill the soul of D&D into the game - or add Dragons... Seriously... no Dragons. Mind blown.."
76561198057543103,Not Recommended,325600,18943038,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,VernHalen,"EDIT: Downvote me if you must, it doesn't change the fact that this is a homework assignment of a game.  The only reason I was playing it was out of loyalty to D&D.The marketing *absolutley* implied that this was a 3d Baldur's Gate.  It's not even in the same building.  Now, many folks are moving the goalposts and saying ""if you know what to expect, it's fantastic"".   Well, I expected a deeper RPG.   It's party-based-Diablo with more dialogue, slower pace and weaker powers.  Does that sound fun to you?Incredibly boring to start with- stock tropes, dialogue, archetypes, etc.It seems to be very loosely based on 5e rules.I really had to force myself to play this.   Huge NWN, BG fan, but I don't think this will get played again.   Wish I had my money back."
,Not Recommended,325600,19771706,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Jaal,"Took everything we loved about prior DnD games, and left us with everything we hated.Watered down garbage really, a shameless cash grab, Baby's first DnD game."
,Recommended,325600,19793903,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,echoAwoo,"Despite all the hate, I've had a blast with this game during the free weekend and it has convinced me to buy the game. It can be hard to find a game with a decent DM and 3-5 people in it, but when you do, it works so wonderfully.WD Devs, WD.As DM, I wiped my party with traps by baiting them with a lovely looking treasure chest. But I placed an Ogre in front that had the description, ""This ogre seems trapped by something invisible. It looks at you longingly, but dares not move."" and they all just ran straight through, BOOOM. It was wonderful. Akin to a good Techies mine placement, only with ample warning.The game makes it easy to DM, even if the menues are a tad clunky. A search feature would be nice, and a way to place multiples from your set at once would also be nice."
76561198026631498,Recommended,325600,21650926,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,ProphetSword,"A lot of people rate this title negatively based upon the toolset and what they expected from it.  And while I wish the toolset was more robust and had more options, my review has nothing to do with any of that.  I wish only to review ""Sword Coast Legends"" as a stand-alone game.I enjoyed this game a great deal.  Be forewarned, I never cared for games like this...games like Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale, with their isometric cameras and real-time with pause combat.  Not until now, anyway.  Sword Coast Legends made me such a believer, that I think I will go back and give those older titles another try.  I have no idea how this game stacks up compared to those, and for that I'm glad; because it means I wasn't spoiled by them and didn't have my view tainted in any way.Is Sword Coast Legends perfect?  Nope.  But it was a lot of fun, and the story was well written and kept me interested, right up until the end.  I still wonder if I could have chosen a different path at the end and changed the outcome, but like all CRPGs, sometimes the choices you make stick with you.I'm looking forward to any additional content, and I really hope that the toolset gets revamped so that others can create wonderful adventures as well.  I liked the system enough, and by the end I feel I mastered it, so I would love to have other great times with it.  Whether that's what the future holds for this game remains to be seen.If you're on the fence, but you like D&D games, this one is fun.  Don't expect perfection, but do expect to have an adventure with some memorable characters."
76561198044130568,Recommended,325600,22439328,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Havicz,LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT................Enough said!
,Not Recommended,325600,24363284,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,ResonanceFrequency,"The COOP does NOT work. It's a well documented issue with no fix. To be more specific, you can't ever load into someone's game past joining the lobby."
,Not Recommended,325600,19576773,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,XtremeOwnage.com,"Would not recommend.Why?Rouge and Mage wearing full plate mail.All of the classes ""Share"" trees. So... the replay-ability for me is not there... since, there is not enough to differantate the classes.The campeign was pretty decent, it was fun in Coop, but, we couldn't bring ourselves to start a new one.Overall, it was fun for a few days. If you get in a group with a good DM, teamspeak/mumble, and get some good roleplaying going, you may have much better experiances. My DM experiances was mostly the DM trying to kill our overpowered group(to present SOME challenge)The game does not follow the DnD rules very well at all...The orignal reason I purchased this game, was I was expecting a newer version of Icewind Dale / Baulders gate...... you know, a game that requires some strategy, not mindless button spamming."
,Not Recommended,325600,18844671,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,uberdaff,"This game is just not good enough. Maybe if it was on 75% offer I might consider recommending it. For now I feel like I wasted a whole lot of cash on this. I really hope they can fix this game somehow, because it looks very nice. Just does not play well."
76561198123263211,Recommended,325600,19819884,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,miika,"i liked this game there are some litle bugs like toons get stuck running to walls and stuf.things i would change- loading times are wery long and there are just lot of them -when you loot and use alt to see, those objekts alredy looted should not show up - sound levels sometimes there are lot of growling or other WERY loud sounds im playing with lovest sound lvls but sometimes some sounds were too hard and i toke of my headset"
76561197978289051,Recommended,325600,19806221,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Spectrav,"Going to pick this game up after trying it out for the free weekend.The only reason I did not get it sooner was the mixed reviews here. After chugging away with a friend and playing a fews different modes in this game I can safely say I'd reccommend thios to other players, who enjoy a co-op arpg.I'll start with the cons first.cons--Annoying UI, Some features of the UI are not very smooth with little to know explanation.(space to skip dialogue, Click middle mouse wheel to pan around map)They are common controls, but should have been hit on with visual ques instead of a wall of text turtorial, which I'm pretty sure didn't cover those controls... who knows I didn't actually read it.That's about it for cons.Pros--Gonna be a rebel and say I like the abilities with cool downs. I'm just going to say it... you will never get a literal transition from pen and paper to a video game. It would also not make a fun game, take it for what it is.-Auitomatic dice rolls, I only say this because people complained about it. Who really wants to makle a dice roll for everything, why do you think we invented computers in the first place...(if you have a group of friends, with a dm you can add in all the manual dice rolls you want)-DM mode has gotten a decent amount of work done to it and is continually getting better, not my cup of tea personally. Pretty cool either way.(it's not a tile set manager, a decent amount of customization but not too much where it would get overwhelming for normal players.)-Loot, I'm  a loot ♥♥♥♥♥.To wrap it up I think this game is well suited for most rpg fans, Not saying it's the best, but I find it pretty entertaining with or without my friends,No it's not exactly like the pen and paper and I will reiterate, no game ever will be.Watch some youtube videos see if you like the feel, but to be honest I followed this game from the begining and I saw alot of hate on the devs... these guys did a great job, released a good product and aren't trying to rip you off like a lot of other titles these days***cough*** Elite Dangerous ***cough*** Star Wars Battlefront ***cough***oh PS. everyone who wrote a negative review about the 3rd-Party Account: Sword Coast Legends Account ... shut up and read the store page before you buy stuff if it's really that big of a deal. seriously it's your email and 10 seconds of your time..."
76561197972348246,Not Recommended,325600,18832792,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Vancent,"All in all this game was a huge disappointment. It feels like a large step back for the genre instead of a step forward. In almost every way it fails to live up to the feel and spirit of the D&D game it claims to emulate.GAMEPLAY: 2/10Gameplay issues start at character creation. The limited character options feel constrained and underwhelming. The problems only get worse once the game starts. The interface feels clunky, unresponsive, and sometimes just plain doesn't work. The archaic cooldown hotbar system kills any momentum and fails to capture the feel of fantasy combat. There also seems to be little room for strategy here. Limited enemies and environments lead to bland, repetitive battles.However, aside from a few bugs, the game does work as advertised, for the most part.PRESENTATION: 3/10Overall, this game looks outdated right out of the gate. The environments look alright, aside from some oddly low-resolution textures scattered around. However, the environments often feel empty and uninteresting. What details they do offer are repeated far too often.Where the graphics really suffer though is the characters. The character models are very low-poly, with chunky clay-like look. They lack the care and detail I would expact from a modern game. Compounded with the limited options when creating a character (or a monster), I found it difficult to create any kind of appearance I was satisfied with.The GUI looks fine over all, it's a bit slow to navigate though, as it was obviously designed with future consol releases in mind. A few aspects of it do bug out from time to time. Trying to sell items to a shop is a particularly tedious task.TOOLS: 5/10The DM tools are probably the strongest part of the game, but at the same time they are the most frustating. Like the other aspects of the game, the limited options availible probably hurt it the most. When creating a custom module the lack of options for creating, giving, progressing, and completing quests was so bad that I could have cried. Combined with the limited dialogue options I was struggling to tell any kind fo story at all, let alone the one I wanted to tell. The environment options were also very limited, especially the outdoors areas, but they were workable.  A big frustration I kept encountering was the inablity to change the monster sets for an area after I had edited it any. You are forced to pre-plan everything, particularly your quests and monsters, because if you want to change them later you have to scrap all your work on related areas and start over.The custom monster sets are also disappointing, as all they let you do was recolor and rebalance pre-existing sets, instead of trully letting you create your own.OVERALL: 3.3/10An out-dated mindset and severely limited content prevents this game from living up to it's potential. There are promises of more content and improvements in the future, but I doubt this game will have the lifespan to see that content realized.If the do keep adding content for free, as claim they will, the game may be worth picking up in the future. For now, I'd suggest giving it a pass and waiting to see how it grows. As it is currently, aside from updated (yet still outdated) graphics, I see no reason to play this game over classics such as Neverwinter Nights."
76561198096426378,Not Recommended,325600,18901535,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,jordipg,"Interface is so clunky, both in and out of gameplay, that I just lost interest after an hour or so.  Tried twice, with the same result.  Didn't even really get to a point where I can make an evaluation of story, gameplay, combat, or D&D-affinity.Out of gameplay:  menus and interfaces that were apparently designed by committee, lagging mouse cursor, long load times, generally slow.In gameplay:  laggy camera, jerky scrolling, constant need to mess around with the camera, non-stop mouse clicking, and again, generally slow.  Graphics are gorgeous in places, though.They should have focused on making the best D&D story of all time and rich gameplay, but instead apparently put all resources into high-resolution graphics.I fall into the category of folks that were extremely excited about this game because of my interest in D&D and the older D&D canonical games, but I find this to be too boring, slow, and clunky to even bother with."
76561197989521034,Not Recommended,325600,21227581,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,GriFFyCoM,I'd give this a solid meh/10. The controls are clunky. There's no strategy at all. The camera and its controls are absolute trash. The abilities you get to choose are nothing close dnd 5e which this is based off of. Your characters just seem so boxed in. Also being forced to use pre-generated charcter and not being able to make/recruit your own like every other dnd game thats being made really sucks. R.A Salvatore should be choked that this is what they turned his stories into.
76561198022251279,Not Recommended,325600,18904065,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Lupy,"Crap...dont be sucked in flashy videos, they dont convey the shallow, irritating gameplay. Baldurs gate is still king."
76561197988320685,Not Recommended,325600,19115192,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,heavensneverwinter,"Not a true representation of D&D.Gameplay is extremly boring an offers no challenge.For those looking for a deep story look elsewere.Graphics are sub-par,voice acting horrable an you begin to cring 30 minutes in due to the same dialec you here over & over again.Wait for a steam sale if your interested in this title."
76561198021132926,Not Recommended,325600,19139594,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Toad,"Was hoping for a new version of NWN, it is sad, cuz this game could of been SO much more then what it is.  It falls short in many ways.  Just the controls for gameplay and the view of the game is terrible.  The map & moving around is a chore and just holding that Alt key down everywhere to see what  is interactive is weak."
76561198104387481,Not Recommended,325600,19143404,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,645577600,"This game has absolutely the worst optimization I have ever experienced! The game's graphics are too medieval to not hurt your eyes, let along it's pathetically pale content, which is a huge shame to the DND franchise. Don't waste your time on this trash, you have better choices."
76561198052618920,Not Recommended,325600,19443957,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Anordil,"In a nutshell: I wish I hadn't bought this game.The temptation was strong. I'm a big fan of NwN 1 & 2, and this game looked like it could be the next great D&D RPG. Instead of that, you end up with a weird childish MMO-like fraud of a game.The character creation step gives the impression that the game will have a NwN-like D&D feel, but that's it. Most classes and races are left out, rules aren't properly implemented, and skills are forced into a 2000-ish MMO feel. Seriously, they didn't even get the most basic interface stuff right. Racial ability bonus are only displayed for dwarves. Other races? Either know them of pick them blindly. Diablo like skill trees for all classes, so you mage will spam the only spell he knows rather than have the versatility that is normally inherent to this type of spellcaster.I could rant on and on about what I don't like about this game, but it wouldn't make a difference. Just don't buy it."
76561198017654269,Recommended,325600,19605648,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Grunzi,Echt gut !
,Not Recommended,325600,20017659,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Popcornmasta,Just a dissapointing experience overall. Not much going on. Try actual Dnd for a WAY better experience!
76561198072014235,Not Recommended,325600,21897183,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,meredithmcg,The play and graphics have a very 1990s feel to them. It was a real disappointment. I didn't bother to finish it.
76561197975019047,Not Recommended,325600,18721638,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Simmeon,"I had such high hopes for this game.  It was marketed as being in the same vein as Baldurs Gate.  It's not, at all."
76561198048161893,Recommended,325600,19816941,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,vk3323,This game brings back the feel of Never Winter Nights for D&D 5th Ed.
76561197985821526,Recommended,325600,19600367,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,DRM,Good Classic Old School Fun!  My Kinda Game...
76561198006659916,Not Recommended,325600,21240129,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Tyropitoubas,"A very watered down, buggy, truly mediocre experience.Might be some fun if you find friends to play online in a good player made campaign."
,Recommended,325600,18698777,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,ronstadt,I love the campain and I want to support the game. I hope the community will grow and some genius will create good modules ;)cheers
76561198007260251,Recommended,325600,18701535,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,bcbart,very fun game!! Playing with a Dungeon Master is alot of fun
76561198025386783,Not Recommended,325600,18749564,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,"""X""","Hello Everyone,I can say I really tried to like this game even to the point of looking past many of the issues that were present. I put in 60+ hours of single player, DM mode, and multiplayer runs only to find out that I was taken in for 40 bucks. If your looking for an experience like Baldur's Gate or Neverwinter Nights 1&2 or any game with real D&D elements go play Baldur's Gate and Neverwinter Nights 1&2. This game promises a Dm mode, character creation and many other shiny lies that fall severely short, do not spend money on this until many patches have come out to fix the main story campaign, Dm mode, and Multiplayer as well as the added content that has been left out such as the other 6 classes and 4 other race options. Do not pay money for expansions that fill out the these missing elements that should have be present in a $40 game. Like was stated before there are so many game breaking bugs that I had to restart the main story campaign 6 times. This game is more like a beginning of a games creation, what I mean is this is the Alpha version of what it could become. A sign to what the future of this game will depend on how the devs decide to fix this (lack for a better word) mess, if they charge you money for the character classes and races that are missing from the core 12 and 9 it is a good sign that they will not fix the issues and milking you for every dime they can while pulling the blanket over your eyes LABELED D&D, FORGOTTEN REALMS. However if they release patches with the fixes and the missing 6 classes and 4 races that do not cost a dime it shows they really are trying to do the right thing. Only the future can show judgement and I will be holding out hope (mostly since I can't get my refund back)Respectfully,X"
76561197992274997,Recommended,325600,19866099,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,gezzer,"I've just started playing and have completed some of the single player campaign. So far I'm really enjoying myself. About my only real complaint so far is the way the changing viewpoint controls work. Middle mouse button to pan and right button to swivel seems a bit more cumbersome than it needs to be. As well the map system will highlight quest givers/objectives but only if they're on the same local map. If you need to go to a secondary map you'll have no idea which cave or house is the one you need, and will spend a bit of time searching. Neither of these are game breakers by any means, and just need growing accustomed to.The story isn't earth shattering or anything, but reasoanbly well told and entertaining so far. The voice acting is well done, and the humor is pretty good over all, if a bit predictable in scope. Most characters follow a tried and true fomula. Like a grumpy wise cracking dwarf rogue, or a wimpy necromancer that's more bluster than competency, and the humour reflects that. But even so I found myself chuckling more than once. Most likley as much due to good delivery then actual humourous content.The battle system on normal is challenging enough I guess, but it doesn't really follow any D&D ruleset I know of. In fact I suggest that the game is D&D in name only. No Dual class, Multi class, recharging spells by sleeping. Alignment doesn't seem to be as important as it normally is. Uses a Diablo type character leveling system. Not getting tired or hungry with the associated penalties, are some of what I've noted so far.I guess it's more D&D light, which isn't necessarily a bad thing depending on what you're looking for. For example having spells on a cool down means less riding the edge trying to save a spell till it's really needed. So battles aren't as hard, but you also don't have ""cheap"" losses where you're just praying for a couple favourable rolls to survive which you never get. You can even revive a companion in the middle of a battle which is nice.I've yet to really check out the other aspect of the game other than downloading a couple of modules. But I think in the end  it's really the heart of the game. And with more work from the developers will become a worthy successor to the Neverwinter Nights series. Maybe that's where the D&D connection comes from, the fact that you can have a dungon master running some of multiplayer modules if you choose to.In the end I'm finding it to be a good game, that might overtime become a classic. So unless you're going to lose your stuff over not being true to D&D I'd say check it out. If you like ""old school"" D&D RPGs you might be pleasantly surprised."
76561198014103119,Recommended,325600,23148615,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,kennethsw,I bought on sale 10.99 CDN for the price definatly worth it.
76561198031006597,Recommended,325600,18701492,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,craigdsmith1,"I love Forgotten Realms, read the novels and played DnD back in the day.  Game devlivers what it promised.  My friends and I are having a ton of fun playing.  a good budget title with a big name."
,Not Recommended,325600,18967017,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Benlor,"I do not write a whole lot of reviews, but in this case I have to. I usually play a lot with friends and that was the reason, why we all bought this game. After playing around 5h into the game we all realized that there were still a lot of bugs, client crashes and glitches in the game. Even worse only the group leader is able to talk to some people. The whole group have to listen ALL the dialogs, even if you talk to just a trader. The loading screens are just insanely long, even though having an ssd and proper quadcore cpu.Overall we all are really disappointed and are putting SCL aside. Too bad those two weeks for giving it back are already over."
76561198007787511,Recommended,325600,18670624,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,L.A.T.,"Game is mixture of Pillars of Eternity, Divinity: Original Sin, Dragon Age and Diablo. I am after 24 hours of gaming very hooked. Haven't found any bugs so far, Map interface (lacking the scrolling of map) made me thought game is bugged, until  find the way use map with place list."
,Recommended,325600,18701537,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Warren,"In terms of single player, I am enjoying this game a great deal. The music, characters (the voice acting!), and the art direction all bring me into the Forgotten Realms in style. The mixed reviews are baffling to me. I would expect ""mostly possitive""Nerds: they are hard to please."
76561197973741825,Recommended,325600,19244074,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,jlsspanky,"I been playing the game since it release, and I have to admit I was worried about it.  The last few D&D have been not up to par, but I have found SCL to be quite entertaining.  I would recommend anyone fan of Baldur Gate or Neverwinter Night to give it a try.  It might not be as Baldur Gate, but it is fun."
,Recommended,325600,19815786,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,dixon.jonathan,"I don't know what all the hate is about. This is the exact game I was looking for to scratch that CRPG itch. After like 100+ hours each in Divinity original Sin and Pillars of Eternity, this really is a good game to play in that category.I definitely recommend this game for fans of the Isometric Party Style CRPGs."
76561198006294624,Recommended,325600,19859581,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,mikeszekely,"Sword Coast Legends reminds me a lot of Neverwinter Nights.  You have the same sort of top-down camera (although you can't change the angle in SCL, just the distance).  It's still got the hot bar on the bottom, and it's got the same ""click to move/interact/attack"" gameplay.Where SCL differs from NWN, and where I think a lot of the early complaints came from, is that NWN adhered to the D&D rules (3e).  If you were familiar with the pen and paper game you already knew how to build and develop your character, from the initial point buy to allocating skill points to selecting feats to planning ahead for prestige classes.  All the races and classes in the Player's Handbook were playable.SCL goes in a little bit different direction.  It's sort of a D&D lite mixed with more videogame elements.  You still choose a race, class, and now a background, and you still start with a point buy.  The game engine still takes those factors into account and still uses virtual dice rolls for calculating success/failures/hits/damage/etc.  However, character progression doesn't follow the current 5e rules.  Instead, at each level you get three ability points to spend  These points can be used to buy abilities from different skill trees.  As far as I can tell some of the abilities are derived from 5e class features, while some are new.  On a similar note, abilities that might be per encounter or x per day are instead on cool down timers.  To me, these changes are a two-edged sword; it's not a faithful translation of the tabletop rules the way NWN was, but I think it's more accessible to players who might not be familiar with the tabletop rules.It's also a little disappointing that all the PHB classes and races aren't available.  For classes, you can only pick from Fighter, Cleric, Rogue, Ranger, Paladin, and Wizard.  I can see leaving out Sorcerer and Warlock- with the modified system there might not be as big a difference between them and Wizard as in the pen and paper game.  But the lack of Bard, Druid, and Monk is a little inexcusable.  For races, you can be Human, Elf, Half-Elf, Halfling, or Dwarf with the attendant subraces, but Gnomes, Dragonborn, Tieflings, and Half-Orcs are all missing.Like NWN, SCL allows for custom adventure modules, extending the game's replayability.When all is said and done, I am a bit disappointed that SCL is lacking some of the content from the pen and paper game.  But the thing is, while I can't play as a dragonborn monk, a gnome druid, a tiefling bard, etc, I'm having a good time with the human fighter I rolled.  At the end of the day, I think that's the most important thing- it's a fun game, and worth picking up if you can get it on a Steam sale."
76561198008149534,Recommended,325600,19924794,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,SlacK CaT,"Dungeons and Dragons 5th edition.Isometric view.Dungeon Master mode for unlimited playability.(Make your own dungeons and challenge your friends while leveling up and gaining loot)Plenty of options for characters, weapons, armor, items etc.If you like Baldurs Gate, Icewind Dale, Pillars of Eternity, and Divinity then you need this game.Forge your path through the Forgotten Realms up to level 20."
76561197968495022,Recommended,325600,21490216,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Sharkan,"The game is a (very) classic RPG. Not bad, not great, but it doesn't look bad, and it's quite enjoyable despite the bad UI.Writing is good. I won't tell about the story as we are still into discovering it.We are playing it coop (3 players). There are some weird choices / bugs about who leads a conversation, but appart from that, it's stable.We got it in a sell at 10$ and at the price, it's definitly worth it if you like this kind of game."
76561198030692453,Recommended,325600,21668557,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Brunewarre,I started playing Dungeons and Dragons in 1982.  It has always been one of my favorite games and I find Sword Coast Legends to be an outstanding game !
76561198286457799,Recommended,325600,21874631,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,grayauguststorm,"Just bought the game a few days ago. This is not a casual game. This is a story-immersion game. The story is rich. The controls are cumbersom regarding map and movement. Combat is easy to handle. The loot is diverse, but the inventory is not a comfortable mechanic. The game looks and sounds great. Game-play is fun. The game captured the spirit of D&D. I wish you guys would do this for DragonLance. I got my money's worth and it is a change of pace. For people looking to change from fast-paced games that pop levels like candy, this is it. It is every bit as good as Baldur's Gate, and so on. Changing viewpoint angles really wasn't needed and adds a bit to the frustration of map-navidating.My Compliments:1. Beautiful scenery and music.2. Combat is fun.3. Loot is diverse.4. Foes are diverse.5. Story is immersive and well-told.6. Voices are spot on and captivating.7. DM Mode is the right step forward for online gaming.Things to improve:1. Make movement on map-view possible with point and click.2. Increase the size of items in the inventory, &/or use the more widely used method of slots in a grid pattern.3. Needs more Races.4. Needs more class-diversity.5. Increase the size of imagery on equipped items & body within the inventory panel.6. Viewpoint changing is cumbersome. Isometric perspective is probably all that's needed. An option to lock perspective should be included. If there is one and I don't see it yet, all apologies.Summizing: It was money well spent. I am very satisfied with the game. I play it when in the mood for slow-paced, full-immersion gaming. While the game needs more game-play options (no doubt forthcoming), it is a great step forward for online role-playing in the spirit of table-top gaming. Nice work."
76561197989957746,Recommended,325600,23978217,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,revial,"I generally like to complete a game before reviewing it, but this game was absolutely hammered at release. I'm only4 hours in, after purchasing it in the Summer Sale, and...well, it's not terrible. There was a review out on the internet that basically said it's the type of single player game we got in the days of NWN, etc, and that pretty much nails it. Whether that's your cup of tea or not; I can't answer that for you.I can't speak for the other half of the equation: DM/multiplayer/custom games/etc. I haven't found the modding community-in general-to be particularly good at anything other than cosmetics since the glory days of NWN/NWN2 anyway, so I had zero expectations on the custom side of Sword Coast Legends (or any other rpg that tries to push that side these days). Maybe it's as terrible as people say. Don't really care. Never plan on using it.Just wanted to post this quick write up to REALLY iterate that the single player side is solid. If you have any nostalgia to those NWN types of games, then it should be a an easy (and currently) cheap purchase."
76561198052779346,Not Recommended,325600,18665761,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Big Wang,.7 hrs....thats about all I could make it. Doesn't seem like the upgrade the franchise needed or you would expect.
76561198058216679,Recommended,325600,19865763,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,denny.robertson,"The reviews seem mixed, but I'm really enjoying this game. It's good old fashioned D&D dungeon crawl with some refreshed rules, which make casters more fun (you can keep casting spells without a nap to refresh). The story is pretty fun so far (I'm only as far as the slums), and the voice acting is pleasant."
,Recommended,325600,29021654,Posted: 4 January,all,Kyrais,This game is awesome. It has tons of replayability. Especially if you have friends to play with.
76561197994086152,Recommended,325600,19238636,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,RobinMaas,"Well been playing it for a couple of sessions now single player, must say it has that D&D feel to it.Every class brings something to the table that is nice to have in your party also the custumization of your characters skills as they level is very well done.Cant wait for expansions of this so we get even more content races and roles to play.I will update after i have done a multiplayer session."
,Recommended,325600,21394452,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Gabryel,"It's not the game that the most fans wanted its not NWN or BG but nevertheless i still enjoyed it at least a bit, Its a nice game with a interesting Story good music and some good characters, while the gameplay is very similar to Dragon age origins i can say that i understand why most fans hate it since its not like playing d&d. I would still reccomend it.7/10"
,Recommended,325600,19493308,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Psylent,This is a game you can have no stress fun with. Sit back and enjoy :)
76561198018595300,Recommended,325600,19812356,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Drayov,5th Ed dungeons and dragons? count me in and a DM mode ta boot awesome- Neverwinter reborn can't wait for plyer content a plenty and new expansions
76561198010491063,Not Recommended,325600,19382444,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,frozenrage,"I just started playing and WOW! The game is for ten year olds, people explode when you kill them! EXPLODE! EXPLODE from a sword or dagger! EXPLODE! They just give you a chest of magic loot just on the side of the road, pure bull shmit. If you plan to play a fantasy game and lose yourself in immersion this  game will not allow you to do that. If your a person with a cognitive disability or like watching barrels and people explode from a sword buddy this game is for you! In my opinion people who vote for Trump will enjoy this game."
76561198287881548,Recommended,325600,21722218,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Commodore Rock,"I decided to buy the game and wish I had done so sooner.   I had been waiting for the console version but decided to support the game on PC also since I wanted to get a head start on the creation tools.  I have not tried the campaign yet. Instead, I dove head first into creating what I hope will be an epic module.I admit being a bit disappointed at first by the limitations.  But with some creativity, I found I could work around most of these to get some semblance of what I want.  True, at current time, tile by tile is not available, but as some others had mentioned, your story can be told on maps with randomly placed rooms just as well as if you generated it yourself, and in some ways, I'm thankful not to have to spend vast amounts of time placing each tile down.  I'll admit, I'd like the option to draw the maps myself, but it has not impeded my enjoyment of the creation tool.  Once I discovered custom quests, I found you can use these with some clever implementations to make complex quests and even puzzles.  You get out of this what you put into it.  I personally can't put it down.The graphics are fine to me, with a lot of atmosphere.  They seem detailed enough for an overhead, semi-isometric game such as this.I also find the sound to be serviceable, and along with the soundtrack, it creates a good atmosphere for the game.  I really like ""Path of Destiny,"" which apparently plays over the credits.I understand this is not for everyone, but it's still a fun D&D-like game.  Perfect? No, but it is a still a solid and fun game.  I never played the games mentioned so often here (NWN, Baldur's Gate, etc.), so I came in with no expectations.  I like it despite the fact that the rules were reinterpreted to work as an ARPG."
76561198006573232,Not Recommended,325600,26443458,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Warhawke,Could have been decent but it seems to be completely abandoned by the devs. There are commonly game breaking bugs that will never be fixed.
,Not Recommended,325600,19833077,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,timepilot,"Forced to write a review - i've been playing these type of games for a long time and this is possibly the worst and most annoying variant everShort review - pretty backgrounds, worst char select ever, gameplay astonsishingly bad + if you die back to the start and no escape until dialogueSorry usually love this type of game it's not just dull - it's really badly designed and implemented - Avoid at all costs. Not only do I feel ripped off - slightly dirty as werll"
76561197998082524,Recommended,325600,19835813,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,SELMAC,Fun. I like it a lot!
76561198004493489,Not Recommended,325600,20049411,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Clucktrap,"Solidly mediocre. Tries to be a spiritual successor to the Baldur's Gate series and fails.Pro:  DM mode is nice, but needs to be expanded. Same with dungeon crawl, enjoyable with a friend, by yourself it's tedius. I do enjoy some of the banter of the NPCs in the story mode and so far it's been a good enough plot that I'd like to finish it.Con: Runs very sluggish considering the graphics quality. Loading screens take a very long time to the point where it can be considered a bug. Doesn't seem to be a terribly stable game. Very limited number of enemies in dungeon crawl. Cooldown mechanics for skill use make this a very different game than pen and paper.Ultimately, it feels like it's still in beta. I'm not recommending it unless you're really, really into Dungeons and Dragons."
76561198048696491,Not Recommended,325600,23490676,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Paraquatz [Mac],"Strongly not recommended to noone. Besides of numerous flaws of a gameplay widely and thoroughly descbribed on Internet as well Metacritic here and whatnot, developers appears to be incosistent, pushy and vile. Thus they applied an update on Jun1 a hotfix that just had excluded a vast army of absloute great computers off gaming bacause of a pink square bug they've just refused to fix. DOWN WITH THE N-SPACE! DOWN WITH THE SWCL - a most disgusting experience in a whole history of D&D franchise!!!-------------------DE]NathanJun 10, 14:09 EDTHello genuks,Unfortunately, your GPU is below the minimum requirements for the game. You can make sure your drivers are updates but since the hardware it self is not sufficient to play SCL there is nothing we can do to fix the pink screen.I am sorry we couldn't be of more help.-------------------THIS HOW THEY REACT ON A PLEAD FOR HELP!"
,Recommended,325600,19538874,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Mavelos,"The core functionality I expected from this game is there, notes though:-Limited on overall features, though the 2 most recent patches have added alot of content, DM options, etc.-The battles are just right, though maybe increase the significance of some skills.-There is an excessive amount of item clutter and usables that at lower levels impact battles so minimally they just become vendor fodder.As they continue to update and add small details at a time, this likes like it will become a great game. Until that point, it is still an enjoyable adventure, especially with friends."
76561197970964299,Recommended,325600,19691023,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Magick Mak,It's no Baldur's Gate from the amount I've played but it's certainly a fun game.
76561198036929943,Not Recommended,325600,19788498,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,blueferral,Played over the free weekend.  The story did not draw me in.  The combat did not draw me in.  The multiplayer did not draw me in.  Graphics on highest setting did not draw me in.  Overal the game is meh.  Even at 20 bucks I am not getting it.  Maybe next Christmas when its in the under 5 dollar bin.
,Not Recommended,325600,30289619,Posted: 2 March,all,skyientist,Not what I was hoping for at all.
76561197988113155,Not Recommended,325600,29727300,Posted: 5 February,all,SAF,"I bought this game only for the promised gamepad support that was coming when the console version released. Never happened, although the company did shut down, they released their DLC after that fact, so why not the promised support for gamepads? Oh well, tried to play the game with m/k, just didn't interest me at all, gameplay was basic and boring. Do yourself a favor and pass on SCL. What a scam."
76561198199285363,Not Recommended,325600,25328039,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,jsg,Just don't...
,Recommended,325600,18691221,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Elmo,"looks, feels, and plays like balder's gate,  which is what i wanted.  Single player is worth  the $35 by itself.  Game gives me blue screens and false memory errors on windows 10, but other than that i have a lot of fun with it.  everyone ♥♥♥♥♥ing about DM mode,  I dont even know what that is or care to find out,  i boguht it for the story mode, hopefully i get more than 50 hours out of it.  im already almost 20 hours in and not even through act I."
,Recommended,325600,18687197,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Broastbeef,"I've played this game a lot in the headstart and was pretty excited for the actual game release and honestly with what I've been given I am really into the storyline. It's not D&D surely, but there are very few games that offer that real ""D&D"" experience with such a level of graphics and smooth gameplay. Sure, you would play Neverwinter Nights 1 & 2, for the older mechanics and more ""D&D"" like content, however if you've already beaten them all, this is your next step.If you don't care to play with friends, then get Pillars of Eternity. It's a great game, just like this one and has similar content, however it doesn't feature the great Forgotten Realms, that I do so dearly enjoy. This game is great for storyline and the DM content, however if you don't try to use the DM tools to do interesting you will make your game stale. Try to spice things up and mess around with the game mechanics and tools to make for interesting play. For the people who want the ""real"" D&D experience; Play real Dungeons & Dragons, not behind a computer screen; For me, this game has made me remember my nights of playing and has soothed quite a gap in my role-play soul, so to speak.Overall:Graphics 8/10 Not bad, little shaky on the models however good scenery.Gameplay 7.5/10 Probably could use smarter AI for the enemies.Mechanics/Customization 6/10 Needs more fine tuning and more options for the classes.** I am a 10+ year veteran of Dungeons & Dragons, and many table-top games.**"
76561197970506710,Recommended,325600,18692707,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Raydar4077,I like it.
,Recommended,325600,28776295,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Jäger,"After playing this game for a good while (concerned with what a lot of people were reporting about the game), I can honestly say I found absolutely nothing wrong with the game at all.+Ran smoothly.+No bugs.+Excellent (and fairly long) play time.+Decent campaign.+Awesome D&D experience.Honestly, I have not had this much fun playing a D&D game since Neverwinter Nights and it's perfect for grabbing a few buddies and questing together."
76561197976368287,Recommended,325600,20449408,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,gforcefan,"This is a pretty good RPG.  The single player campaign is a typical but fun save the world affair.  I think most of the negativity towards this game comes from the fact that the combat system, while fine, is in between.  It is not turn-based DND since it has cool down timers.  But it is not quite Dragon Age either.  ""Half-pregnant.""  But overall, this is a good, not great game.  RPG fans will enjoy it, but people who only enjoy the best of the best of the RPG genre will not."
76561198055712530,Not Recommended,325600,24355844,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,simpsonfam,"It looks great and generally I enjoy the game until I hit a glitch, of with there are some real spoilers in the main game. Key characters disappear. Baddies run away and cannot be found. Both stop the quest progressing any futher. Areas that should be marked on the map are not. Key NPCs go missing. Plus a few long winded inventory issues that were sorted out years ago in other games. The Dungeon Trawl can be fun and saves it as a playing experience. Have not tried out the Dungeon Master senerios yet, but can I stand the possible frustration?"
,Not Recommended,325600,24485728,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Division by Zero,Refund this simulator 2015.
76561198155826979,Not Recommended,325600,20160203,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,majkkruszewski,"I really wanted to like this game. I really wanted this game to be good, and to be honest it didnt even have to be half-good for me to like it. But this game is absolutely horrible in just about every aspect. How is it even possible to release something like this in 2015?! Have you no shame at all?- Very laggy even with Vsync ""fix"" and driver ""optimization"" even on all low graphical settings.- Horrible graphics even on the high modes.- The story line and the characters are so bad. And I dont mean bad like so bad its funny, just downright pathetic.- The combat system is buggy, laggy, and you wonder what am I doing playing this?This has got be one of my gaming low points for ever. I cant believe I paid 20 euros for this. I put 8 hours into it and I regret even putting in the time. You will regret buying this game and playing it. Replay Dragon Age I with all the classes 5 times and you are sure to get much more enjoyment than this. I just want to forget playing this as soon as possible."
76561197978870313,Recommended,325600,20367607,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Bixel - Need Moar Internets,"As a fan of BG II and Neverwinter Nights, I am enjoying this a bunch. Feels like some good proper DnD stuff. The writing is good too, even if the side quests are fedex or missing persons.. that's fine. It comes with a campaign maker just like NwN so you can tailer your adventures to your desire and imagination (Editor will have a different review). Good art direction and music is nice and not too constant, allows you to read dialogs and take your time with things. If you are more of a Elder Scrolls fan or want AAA fps graphics and voice dialog for every little thing, this is not your game."
,Not Recommended,325600,23590688,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Robobob,"Man was I excited when I heard about this game.  Playing as a Dungeon Master and designing levels?  I had dreams of Neverwinter Night 1 & 2 where I modded the Hell out of those games for fun.  Well, SCL is no Neverwinter Nights.  You set up the story and quests and maybe some creature sets and the rest is done for you.  Why they took so many steps backwards from NWN I'll never know.The single player campaign is OK.  Some great voice acting.  The graphics and animations are great.  I can't tell you much about the story because I'm stuck at an empass where I'm supposed to meet an NPC in the inn and they just aren't there.  Can't go any further.  I had a previous quest where I'm supposed to find an NPC in a cavern and I looked all over that cave 3x and never foudn them either.  I don't know if this a common bug with this game.My biggest problem with the game is the character feats and skills.  I doesn't feel like D&D to me.  You get a couple points each level and spend them to unlock feats that do sets amount of damage: Tier 1 (6-9) Tier 2 (10-12) etc.  Now the last time I paid attention to D&D rules it was version 3.5.  So I don't know how much has changed since then but none of these feats are recoginzeable. The best parts of D&D were specializing in weapons so you became a master of one weapon type.  That is completely gone here.  With one point you open up a weapon type and that's it.I wanted to love this game so much but I just can't recommend."
,Recommended,325600,20218969,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,dpvhWYnpIwNT8BPQAOc9,"I dont know why so many people give this game a negative review, I was put off buying this title for a while because of the feedback on this game but decided to give it a try on the free weekend and found it to be quite fun to play. I haven't played a whole lot of this game but I thought I would write up a quick review while the game is still on winter sale.The game has a interesting narritive which is the mos timportant thing in my opinion for these kind of games as well as having a bunch of side questions that are satisfying to fulfil, there is a quest where you literally have to fight a black pudding for someone! You are being hunted by the knights of Helm and there seems to be a sort of choice between embracing or rejecting godlike dmeonic powers developing and your companions have depth to their characters with back stories which you can help out with if you so wanted to.I like the way the game does character development, at each level up you can spend points in unlocking perks and new spells, and there also seems to be certain level milestones where you can be given attribute points to spend in your characters stats. My only complaint about this game is sometimes the journal entries can be very vague and quest markers sometimes dont show at all which is really confusing, especially at times when I needed to do something which was never explained and just assumed - such as needing to smash tombstones with my weapon for one quest. This is really bad because I have been spoilt by today's rpg standards of being spoon-fed quest locations and convenient mini-maps guiding me exactly where to go. I hope the dev will improve the journals, giving us more information to figure things out by ourselves or making sure that all quest markers show on maps."
76561198005402715,Recommended,325600,20243246,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Pvt_DigDug,"For what its worth.This game reminds me of Diablo but based roughly on D&D.That said. For the DMS. I have spent a lot of time building a module for my friends to play. We played and we had a good time. The DM Tools are not 'complete' but they offer enough that I can tailor and decorate tiles in order to keep them different and fresh. There are several DMs who have offered up additional 'Monsters' that you can download and use in order to increase the list of creatures you can place.In my first module, I setup almost a dozen open areas including two villages that were unqiue enough that my players were happy with the results. I setup multiple forest trails and open forested areas for them to travel through. The dungeons were easy and fun to setup but I learned the hard way that you should plan out and create your quests before you visit your dungeons. All in all, my first module took about 4 hours of play time for my players.I really hope that the devs of this game are able to continue to push out DLCs and expansions for it.If your looking for NWN2 remake this isn't it. It does have group play but the level of detail that a DM could create in NWN2 isn't here in SCL. BUT. SCL is SO much easier to build. NWN2 took an incredible amount work and you needed to understand the programming language.List of things for you DMs if your thinking about this game.1) There are TWO types of locations in the game, called tile sets. There are 'Areas' which tend to be open locations such as cities or forest paths or drow caves. These 'Areas' are set in how they look. You can decorate them to appear different and place monsters where you want instead of the preset locations offered by the game when it generates the area. Then there are 'Dungeons' which are ramdonly generated based on the choices you make when you create the location. All is not lost! While you can't change the layout of the dungeon, you can decorate the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it. I have made multiple dungeons of the same tile set look very different. There are easily a hundred different objects you can place including effects like smoke, fire, fog.SCL has added in Gizmo Swappers which equates to these blue dice that float about certain areas of both dungeons and areas. This allows you to swap out how that specific section looks with another preset visual. For example. In Human City Streets A; you can swap out several areas changing the look of the city and depending on the selection, add addtional intentior doors. Many 'Areas' include structures that have doors you can click on which will take you inside. You can decorate these interior buildings as well.There is a lot more flexibility than you may think with these tiles. I do hope they eventually give us the option to create areas by just dropping sections of tiles as we see fit.2) You can not trade items or gold with other players. You can drop items but thats it. All loot is level specific. You can't go to the vendor and buy the +5 vorpal sword of killing anything you look at. If your first level, you can only buy those level items. That said, I am not sure how it works if you are grouped with a higher level PC. Maybe you have access to higher level items but I suspect you won't. I am also not sure if they can just hand you their high level stuff either.3) DMs can not hand out loot. All loot is determined by the game based on your level. Something to note. You also can not build a dungeon or area and just stock pile treasure chests. The game limits how many you can place. Personally, I think its fine. While it limits the DMs it does keep players from cheating.4) Quests. This is for you DMs. You can only setup 30 quests and those are limited to Custom, Kill the Boss, Collection and Defeat the Enemy. Custom is tricky at first but once you get the hang of it then you will probably use it more than any other quest. Kill the Boss, Collection and Defeat the Enemy are dungeon specific. You MUST create the quest first and attach it to the dungeon before you visit it. If you visit a dungeon then decide to assign one of those quests it won't work. What I found is that if you choose Defeat the Enemy and set Goblins as the enemy and require the PCs kill 8 of them pesky buggers. Then you assign it to that dungeon in Edit Location. When you are ready. You visit the location and it generates the dungeon. If you choose Collection, it adds in those items. If you choose Kill the Boss, it adds that boss in.Custom Quests are easy to use but like I said. There is a bit of a learning curve. One thing that is missing is the ability to place objects that the PCs can pick up. For example, you can't place a Letter for the PCs to pick up and examine and then keep. Basically, PCs need to pay attention to the text when they find something.5) No HUB area for meeting other players. You basically just load your module and invite friends or leave it public for people to just join. I'll admit, I am a bit sad by this. For my campaign, I have created a 'City' full of different locations and NPCs. But in order for my friends to access it, I have to load it up and invite them. Its our inbetween modules area for selling and buying and RP.6) No microtransactions that I have seen yet.Thats all I have.Overall. I think this is a great game for groups of friends to play together. SCL could always give me more tools as a DM, I wouldn't argue with that but so far I have enough to make things fun for my group. It works for us because some of us travel for work.As a player, it reminds me of diablo a bit. Run and kill. Follow a quest. Kill again. etc."
76561198283181286,Recommended,325600,23259159,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,cml4301,Are we still going to get controller support? I have too much trouble trying to use the keyboard.
76561198047989141,Recommended,325600,23280743,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Revan,"I stayed away from this game for months because of all the bad reviews I read about it. Well I got bored and decided to give it a shot I mean if i did not like it I could just get a refund. However from the moment I started I can not put it down. Granted it is not completely a DnD game. All of the races and abilites are exactly from DnD but the gameplay is much easier then what you would be use to. However the storyline and quests are exteremly fun, and the characters are some of the best I have experienced in an rpg in a very long time. There are items galor for customzing your characters. The only way you will hate this game is if you go in expecting a True DnD experiance. The fact is this is an RPG inspired by DnD with many elements taken from it. Moral of this story? Don't always trust those negative reviews because you may very well miss out on a great experience."
76561198022733496,Recommended,325600,23288549,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Motley,"This is the first game review I've ever posted, I've been moved to do so due to how badly the game has been misjudged. Although half of that was their own fault, basically overhyping the game. No, this game is not going to exceed every other D&D game you've ever played in every way. It is, however, one of the best. First, it is most definitely Forgotten Realms, it has the atmosphere, with fitting characters and dialogue and so forth not jarring that old D&D vibe in the slightest - that alone is a great achievement considering how much I love the setting, and how pedantic I am (I've done editing as a day job). Secondly, the gameplay is great, it's varied from the foundation of tabletop rules in a fun and more-ish way while still maintaining its identity. And thirdly, is the potential for expansion - if the support and community around the game grows, it could indeed become one of the all time D&D greats. But it's more than worth the price tag as it is, just for the main single player campaign; I can't remember enjoying any D&D game so much since Torment and BG2."
,Recommended,325600,23474431,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Lochied,"Love this game. I wont type out some lengthly reason for why I love this game, suffice to say its a well crafted game with tons of content. I enjoy playing the game, not writing about it...or trying to find some transendental cosmic reason why it's not vegan or a perfect circle."
76561198153194057,Not Recommended,325600,23841815,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,tsmccreator,kinda disappointing & boring
,Recommended,325600,25570086,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Prozender,"Mediocre pause and play RPG, still recommending but keep your expectations low. better games of this genre - divinity original sin 2, pillars of eternity, baldurs gate (all of them), dragon age origins"
76561198079636971,Recommended,325600,25927731,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,rich_j_8990,"I don't understand all of the negative reviews. OK, so the game was overhyped. That's called capitalism, marketing, profit, etc. Don't take it personally, that's business. I think you guys are asking the wrong questions about the game. Instead of asking if it lives up to your own expectations of how you think the next D&D game should be, maybe you should ask if it's fun to play and worth the money. When I first played Neverwinter, I thought hey, this is a lot different than standard D&D rules. But it was still fun to play, and that's the bottom line isn't it? Sword Coast Legends is a real RPG, maybe some things could have been done better, oh well. It reminds me more of Dragon Age than Pillars of Eternity. There are plenty of options for skill tree leveling, and the AI is not that bad. If you are looking for a perfect game, then you will be disappointed, because nothing is perfect. If you are looking for a real RPG, you have found one. Is it as good as Skyrim? No. But it's worth buying, at least now that the hype has died down."
,Not Recommended,325600,26041058,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Feldawn,"Story was boring, game mechanics were nothing special. Didn't have specific hopes for the level design except for being able to... well, design. There are lots of unnecessary restrictions. If you make a quest to kill a monster, said monster MUST appear in a dungeon, you cannot put it in a forest. Want to make a lich? It must have certain base abilities, you can't remove them. A lack of features is forgivable, but a deliberate block of them is just foolishness.Now that the company has gone out of business, there is no hope for the game improving."
76561197970572290,Recommended,325600,30540410,Posted: 16 March,all,Jukken,I like it a lot.Totally in the Baldurs Gate feel. Recommended.
76561198007310376,Recommended,325600,19374239,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Eschatos,"I am loving this game. It's the first D&D game I've played in a long while that even comes close to re-creating that feeling of playing around the table. Watch some YouTube videos or Twitch streams of actual gameplay with a live DM if you want to see what I mean. This is the first game I've felt compelled to write a review for, because I'm having so much fun with it. If you've dismissed it before, you might want to take a closer look, I'm glad I did.Some people feel very strongly about how the rules have been implemented. Admittedly, some of the mechanics are not what we've come to expect from games adapting D&D to the PC, but the spirit of imagination and adventure of the original tabletop RPG shines through in a lovingly crafted game that's atmospheric, fun to play and beautiful to look at. I was skeptical of the single player campaign at first, but by the end of the first act the writing and quality of the voice acting and the banter between the characters had won me over completely.In single player you can take your time to command your AI party members' every move, or you can choose to let them make their own decisions (which they're generally pretty good at once you work it out) and barrel through at a frantic tempo. As such, the pacing caught me off guard at first but once I found a good rhythm the game felt a lot more fluid than older titles like Baldur's Gate. I suspect that's where some of the comparisons to Diablo are coming from. I like Diablo, but that's a shallow comparison, and in my opinion it doesn't do justice to how good this game really is.Even with the somewhat limited character creation, races and classes currently available (more options are already in the works), rolling new characters and testing them out in dungeon crawls and custom adventures is highly addicting.Quite a number of things that I wished were in the game at launch have already been implemented, or are planned for the near future. I'd still like to see some more voice options for player characters as I find most of the ones included so far are a bit cheesy and I would probably opt to turn them off altogether if I could (right now you can only reduce their frequency). More controls and zoom options are needed - but that's mainly because the impressive artwork of the characters and environments just begs to be appreciated up close.The devs are active and responsive to the requests of fans, and they continue to pump out great content and tools for multiplayer games, DMs and custom campaigns. Meanwhile the talented modding community is hard at work on some truly great mods, including some that might be more to the taste of 5th edition ruleset purists - something I'm looking forward to trying out as well. The upcoming modding tools will expand those options even further and I have no doubt we'll soon see some amazing custom content.The game as it exists right now is clearly in its infancy and the content we have today is just the tip of the iceberg. There is huge potential here and I believe Sword Coast Legends has a long life ahead of it. If you've ever had fun playing D&D with friends, or you just like party-based RPGS, you owe it to yourself to give SCL a close look. For me, this is a classic in the making, and it's even on sale at the time of this review."
76561197997260916,Recommended,325600,19809681,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,gusglenn71,"I was about to buy this when it was released earlier this year but all the negative reviews made me change my mind. Since it was free to try this weekend I installed and was very positively surprised.Character customization is quite ok. I miss some of the D&D classes and races though. Prestige Classes would be nice.Quests have so far been simple but gratifying. Find my missing brother or gather some mushrooms. Quests are always quests though, no matter how simple they are.Haven't unravelled a lot of the main story yet but so far it seems to be one of the best aspects of the game with a few twists and turns along the way.Companions are varied and useful. haven't found an auto levelup. Would be nice if there was one.Loot is abundant.The dungeons I have cleared have been varied and with some interesting sidetracks to follow.Playing as a cleric but also checked out playing with a wizard and a ranger. All seem to be solid choices.Camera control is ok but it would be nice if I could tilt the camera and zoom in on my character just to see my recently aquired armor in close up.All in all I think this game deserves more attention and better reviews.So I am giving it a thumbs up. I love games like Baldurs gate 1 and 2, Neverwinter Nights 1 and 2 and Dragon Age 1 - 3. If you love those games too you will most likely enjoy this game too.Happy questing!"
,Recommended,325600,23289493,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,LipperX,"A really enjoyable romp in the old D&D universe.  Almost didnt pick it up due to the negative comments from ""purists"" which would have been a mistake on my part.  Alot of value for the money especially for people like me who are completionists :)"
76561198086566725,Recommended,325600,18734735,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,jaromuru,"15 hours in and I'm still enjoying it. The dialogue is great, the quests are a relief from the slog of fetch and kill quests,  and the plot is reminiscent of the hours I used to spend at the table.  I'd recomend this game to anyone looking for a CRPG or a D&D style story.I don't know where all the negative reviews are coming from. I wish they had followed monster manual stats for monsters HP because really a goblin lackey with 75 hp is just plain unrealistic. I haven't played with the DM modules yet, but from reading the patch notes it seems like it will be a time eater for me with town set pieces and dungeon tiles, fully scriptable NPC's, and monsters galore."
76561198150932689,Recommended,325600,18897204,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,TheLizardMerlin,"I am divided on how to view this game. I like the fact that it makes playing the game rather interesting with the addition of the pause tool and the extensive skill choices. My personal problem is with the Dungeon Masters Mode. It does have some simple help instructions, but it doesn't have an actual rulebook, for using it, as far as I can find. I bought the deluxe version of the game so that I could have fun making dungeons for my friends to run through, but I am having a hard time making the encounters I want when I can't find important parts. I can't find the beholder that was promised and I can't find out how to put a serious/unique boss in a dungeon other than putting a monster in a ""boss"" room and promoting it. Why are there no dragons in to put in the maps, or anywhere for that matter. The list of monsters is rather small for a game like this."
,Recommended,325600,19813004,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,webbmyers,"It's not D&D on a computer table.  It's a small MMORPG played with an optional Dungeon Master.  As a small party online RPG, it works pretty well.  The mechanics are designed to be playable without using the pause button, but it's not nearly as hack n' slashy as a Diablo clone.  Based on quantity and polish, the campaign mode by itself is easily worth buying if it's on sale.The main complaint/misunderstanding is that DM mode only brings in as much ""role playing"" as a live DM is able to provide.  A good DM will be possessing NPCs as the heroes wander through the town and acting out conversations in voice chat.  The DM can pause the action as the players enter the villain's lair, narrate what they see, and give the villain a nice monologue.  If the players split the party and a group wanders into something while the DM isn't looking...well...assuming everyone is friends, then you can tell people to leave the room (or resurrect them so they can leave the room), and set things up again.  I like the role-playing more than the tabletop tactics, so  I like that combats take less than a minute instead of 30 minutes of going around the table asking what everyone is going to do on their turn.It is too early to say if this will have a  Neverwinter Nights amout of quality comminity content.  The tools are not there (yet?) for creating single-player, highly scripted adventures.  But the developers seem fairly responsive and engaged, so that will probably work itself out eventually."
76561198053128671,Recommended,325600,20103265,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,junkdragon,"Good!! But, today too many real time roleplaying game..This Game is not, very tactically.. Maniac gameI recommended D&D mania~~!!"
76561198028031964,Recommended,325600,23245070,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Pennsyltuckyan,"This game is the recipient of undeserved hate. Is it perfect? No. Is it fun? YES! I rate it 7/10 - well worth the purchase price. If you enjoy games like Baldurs Gate, Icewind Dale, Neverwinter, etc... you'll enjoy this as well."
76561198067336737,Recommended,325600,23276759,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,A-A-Rong,"Very much recommend the game if you're a D&D fan, RPG fan, or just like the ""Diablo"" style games. Except this one you get tactical pauses!! =D You can make it as tactical or hack'n'slash as you want.Have fun. Enjoy the amazing audio and voice overs! The graphics are good, not great, but still very enjoyable."
76561198031447997,Recommended,325600,19537984,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,whizkid338,"It isn't bad, but it isn't very good either.  I have played almost all of the major D&D-based RPGs and many others and this one just doesn't hold up against them.  It has good graphics and so far good story-telling as well, but this is offset by a lot of cons.  The camera is a locked angle and it drives me nuts.  It makes the game feel like Dungeon Siege 3 all over again.  The camera switches between following the selected character and not at odd times too; I don't understand it.  Neverwinter Nights 1 had a better camera.  Also, it says that it is a D&D game but it is so light on the D&D details, the things that make the system, that it is hard to manage.  Also, the interface is awkward and the mini loading screens before and after the dialogue are obnoxious.It has the basis to be a decent game but the details just aren't there.  It is good if you don't care about the details, but I've played far too many RPGs to be able to stand this many annoying idiosyncrasies."
76561198095544803,Recommended,325600,19817890,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,RavenSpawn,"I love D&D, i have played it for years, i still have my Advanced Dungeons & Dragons books stashed away. I also love RPG's, that said i didnt know a great deal about this game when i found it so i missed the apparent ""hype"" that led to its release. for years i have wished and hoped for a Baldurs Gate remake or Icewind Dale, i loved those games and logged many hours on them. for me the time has finally come, i was fortunate enough to be able to play it during the free weekend but after about an hour of playing i paid for the game. I love this game, is it the best game ever? no, is it the worst D&D game ever? god no. alot of people seemed to have an expectation that this would be like playing the tabletop game but i dont think they realise how difficult it would be to translate that to a video game. I haven't had a chance to use it but i believe ""Fantasy Grounds"" is what these people are after. when i first started playing this game i did not expect much more than a dungeon crawler and thats what it is. there is a good amount of variety in the character development and youe choices will make a difference. In closing, if you enjoyed the original D&D games then you will enjoy this, if you want to play the Dungeons & Dragons tabletop game then you need to go out, buy some books, make some friends and organise a games night once a week and stop complaining that we cant use magic to make games the way you want them......PS. you cannot cast magic missile at the darkness."
76561197996353425,Recommended,325600,23242072,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Ravor,"I had fun with this, the story is well written and enjoyable.Pro's:Story - Great story to pull you along into the game.  I thought it was well written and interesting.Maps and Areas - The maps and areas were well done, interesting, lots of variety.Combat - I liked the combat auto mode, or if I needed to take over for an action I could do so at any point in time very conveniently.Party - Party Members were well designed, all had good stories and where interesting/fun.Sound & Voice - Voice acting was all good, spell effects where cool.Con's:Encumbrance - I found that all of your items having a weight limit was kind of bothersome.  It's D&D, Bag of holding anyone?Itemization - There just seemed to be so many different items, keeping track of them all was sometimes tedious, the fact that they had weight was also tedios.  I was getting tons of late game items that were significantly worse then early game items.  I get that not everything is going to be a huge upgrade, but having to manage them, and their weight was kind of annoying.I'd give it a 9/10, I had fun and completed all the quests except for one.For the Developers:I'd recommend a more convenient way of comparing weapons and armor in the inventory to that already equiped.Basically something that shows what the new DPS would be vs the old weapon, or stat increases, etc etc."
,Recommended,325600,23859325,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Michiyuki,"I'm about 10 hours in, and I love this game. I'm a huge fan of Neverwinter Nights games, and other rpgs. This game is a gem for anyone who is nostalgic and wants to experience the world described in Salvatore's books. The narrative is interesting and quite exciting. The graphics is similar to NwN, it looks like an old-school game, and it has its charm.I like the fact that I don't need to play with other people, but others, who enjoy multiplayers, can play with friends and randoms. The AI party members are all quite unique and peculiar, some of them are hilariously funny. There's also a talking fish, which was a win-win for me. 10/10 will fish again.The only negative experience I've had so far is the camera, it takes some time getting used to.Normal Mode is a bit too easy sometimes,but you'll still encounter enemies which are quite hard to deal with..."
76561198203099663,Recommended,325600,26080442,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,humberto.diaz,Fun game despite the bugs.
76561198030068789,Recommended,325600,23249367,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,KLadE,"Can´t believe the bad opinions this game has, following the ruleset or not, its very enjoyable as a good squad based rpg.Looks like a modern looking neverwinter nights, and for me its more than enough."
,Recommended,325600,25705212,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Elenval,"This game gets alot of hate. I will be clear in saying yes, this game does have flaws. Despite these flaws this game is a breath of fresh air. Its fun. The potential here for a small group of friends is HUGE. Combat is fun and depending on your difficulty settings, tough. I will hit on some of the gripes I have seen repeated over and over. Yes the AI is a bit clunky, however if you are playing on any difficulty other than easy you wont be relying on this anyway. You will turn tactics off and issue every command to your party. Yes this game feels like it could have been optimized better, the loading screens are slightly long. The long loads are worth the wait, enough said. Community. You expect this to have a vibrant and interesting community thanks to all the old school pen and paper guys. Not so. Unfortunately some of the old schoolers have taken it upon them selves to continuously♥♥♥♥♥♥talk this game and cry about how it didn't meet thier expectations (if you want pen and paper d&d go play it. You will NEVER get a true pen and paper experience in a game). So this community is in need of somewhat of a revival. What you make of this game is up to you and your own imagination."
76561198300952112,Recommended,325600,33583942,Posted: 16 July,all,miguel_botelho_silva,"Great nice surprise, after reading the reviews i hade not so great expectations for this game, still i give it a try and i found to be one of the best last 5 years RPG games around - yeah and i tried a 100's of them.Remembers me Baldur's Gate SAGA's with better graphics and more features than ever for this kind of a game.Anyway i found strange and odd why in the last months the devs didnt update the game."
76561198050129887,Not Recommended,325600,29467384,Posted: 24 January,all,mcalihe2,"Started a Teifling.  Crashed three times in epilouge.  Three.  Whatever this game was meant to be, it ended up a total wreck of cursing and dissapointment.  I would only recommend this game if you want to see the opening several times an hour."
,Recommended,325600,29429465,Posted: 22 January,all,journalist_jam,"It is a dead game, but I love the story, game play and mixed RPG MMORPG feel. Well worth 20 bucks."
76561198019048908,Recommended,325600,18798655,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,mastertae2000,"I felt that Sword Coast Legends wasn't nearly as bad as some reviews, although most reviews doesn't state it's a bad game, but average. In otherwords it sits some where in the middle, although I recommend this game I personally would wait until the price decreases. The story I felt wasn't so bad. I felt the story wasn't so different from the other D&D games, but at the same token that's also the problem. The story doesn't exactly move the D&D franchise forward.  The graphics are rendered beautifully so I didn't have much to complain in that department. The voice acting was done well in most parts. The worst part of the game was the camera angles. I had to use the Q,W,E S,D, A buttons way too often. This becomes expecially problematic when trying to play with friends. Also, sometime pressing icons and even the space bar doesn't seem intuitive. Most of the time I had to press the space bar twice or and icon multiple times before it registered that I pressed it. It takes away from the experience. Than there is the DM mode. It felt somewhat incomplete. I wanted to do more with the tool, but at the same token it isn't bad. Ultimately I felt as if the developers were scared. They didn't want to do too much in fear of making the game bad that the game ultimate wasn't bad, but that's the problem. It's just average and I feel that people would be better off waiting for a price decrease before purchasing the game. The good news is that this game does have alot of potential and I would still recommend playing the game."
76561198128995761,Recommended,325600,29018643,Posted: 4 January,all,JTMC203,"I thought the game was great. It's a great story. However i wish it was a better adaption of the ruleset from 5e. Other games such as the Temple Of Elemental Evil, did a true adaption and did it well. I'd also love to see controller support for the pc."
76561198203747791,Recommended,325600,20166962,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Spookdaddys dad,I am not sure if its my internet but i have soooooooooooooooooooooooooo many problems with the online mode its stupid how many problems i have.
76561198009631002,Recommended,325600,20368249,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Sacromus,"I like it, haven't gotten too far yet, but quite similar to NWN, ToEE, BG, and IWD."
76561198042610161,Recommended,325600,20119730,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,mussij,"So it may not be the whole D & D experience people were expecting but it is still a very good game! Lots of character customisation, level customisation and a dungeon builder that makes multiplayer still very enjoyable!"
76561198035423668,Recommended,325600,23332747,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,mandidavison,"Having read a lot of mixed reviews , i decided ti take the plunge whilst this was on offer..I am so glad I did I love this game!!"
76561198006399455,Not Recommended,325600,23354842,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,FreightCndr,Clunky and Sluggish.  The camera controls are not very good.  The characters feel mushy and soft.  I probab;y would have givin it a chance if it hadn't crashed.
76561198213865455,Recommended,325600,24028734,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Nimitz_68,"Very fun game, just as addictive as any good D&D-genre game can be. However, it is defintely a modified D&D rule set with a much different spell system (probably the most significant difference). Enemy scaling is OK but AI is mid-range at best. Some community content is very strong. All in all, you'll enjoy playing this game, especially if you nab it at a discount."
,Recommended,325600,30546909,Posted: 16 March,all,Lord Neo,"The game is quite good, but still needs lot of bug fixies........"
,Recommended,325600,19817350,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,DocCovington,"I did buy the game after the free weekend for only two reasons:It's D&D, it's the Forgotten Realms, it looks better than NWN2.I am already fond of my character and want to see how the story plays out.At first, I was not so convinced. As a person who tries not to be biased (and whose favorite genre game of all time is Dragon Age: Origin, a CRPG tweaked to mere perfection), I would like to list the pros and cons of this game. You can then decide for yourself whether you want to buy it at full price or rather on sale...Pros:Decent character creation options.Easy-to-handle user interface.Almost every element on the screen has tooltips attached to it which quickly help you understand a function or provide you with knowledge and lore.Excellent voice-acting.The soundtrack is awesome and fits into the line of D&D games like the Baldur's Gate series.The game runs flawlessly on my computer on max settings (however, I heard from others that theirs is lagging pretty bad, so maybe the engine does need a couple of tweaks still).Speaking of the engine, the environment and surroundings look beautiful, even if it's not the highest quality of what 3D games these days can provide, it sure comes close to that.Great story-telling. The atmosphere of the game is tense and does indeed feel a bit like playing the pen&paper game. You do feel like you are moving through areas created by an ambitious dungeon master.A vast variety of locations.The maps are lovely, textures are more than decent, and I love those little details like seeing square paper when you scroll the camera off limits in pause mode.Cons:Let's start with cosmetics, namely the character creation: While you can adjust many things, some things are missing. For once, you cannot adjust height nor body type (slim, heavy etc.). What I was missing a lot more, though, were the following options:You can't change the characters eyebrows (which is important for a more unique look).You can't change the nose length (which is also important for a more unique look).You can't change the width of the face to make it look more narrow or rounder (ditto).P.S. Why are there so few haircuts to chose from?A huge no-go: Only one save game! I have lost a fortunr due to that fact (long story), you need to deactivate auto-save so something like that won't happen to you, too (for the auto-save overwrites your save game).You cannot look into your companions' inventory nor see their stats when you are in the Adventurer's Camp. That makes it so much harder to distribute loot, look through stuff and decide what you want to keep, what to store in the storage and what to sell immediately to free your inventory and lighten the weight. This is extremely hindering, as you have to ""take each character out"" to some other location in order to go through their inventory, and with more than three NPCs in your party, that's a lot of work and remembering who is carrying what in the process.Tons of graphical glitches in armor and other wear. My favorites: the bold head the ""invisible"" Musician's Hat gives you, or the missing parts of the Paladin NPC's legs when applying other footgear than his original one.It's a shame that you are force-stuck in isometric view. Dragon Age: Origin proves how well third person perspective  and isometric perspective can be combined in one game: by simply zooming in far enough, you get the feel of a ""third-person shooter"", by zooming out you get the tactical isometric view which is very useful in combat.The fact that you are stuck to isometric view all the time in this game (except for the dialogue scenes where the camera zooms in close) takes away a bit of the excitement of the gameplay experience. You can't look close at your character, which you took so much time to create, nor swirl the camera around them.The movement feels awful at first. You have no option to permanently center the camera to your character so that you can move them with WASD. Instead, WASD moves the camera and you have to click on a spot for the character to move there (which can also get annoying as you would get a vocal reaction from them everytime you click somewhere). This is a redundant feature, as in addition you already have two other ways to move the camera: 1) By moving the mouse pointer to the edge of the screen and 2) by holding down the middle mouse button and move the move the mouse.Even though one grows used to it after a while, it still feels clunky. It would be nice if the developers added an option to center the camera on the character permanently so you can move them with WASD instead of pointing and clicking all the time (which is an ""old school CRPG"" feature we can really do without in 2015). Adding this option would also help with the movement bug mentioned below in the bugs section.Automated pause: I already limited it to ""When a hidden object is discovered"", ""When an enemy is spotted"" and ""When a character's health drops low"".Still, the auto-pausing system needs a serious tweak, because everytime I encounter agroupof enemies, the game auto-pauses on every single one of them when I get closer, making the approach a spacebar click fest, which annoys the hell out of me. I already spotted all enemies with my eyes, why does the system have to auto-pause on every single one of them?You can't equip your NPC in camp. Everytime you wish to distribute new items, you need to ""take them out"" some place in order to do so. That is highly impractical and extremely time-consuming, therefore a gets a little frustrating after a while.Bugs (and there are still plenty of them):There is no way to skip the movies at the start. If you happen to press the mouse button or any key during those intros, the program might freeze on you and you will get a Windows error message that it stopped working.If you play co-op with one or more friends, it can happen that you get stuck in the dialogue with an NPC without an option to end it. In that case, all you can do is end the program via task manager. Any unsaved progress will be lost for you and your companions.The movement bug I mentioned earlier: Since you can only move the characters from point A to B by clicking on a spot, and there happen to be obstacles in the way, the character might get stuck and you will have to ""help them out"". Quite annoying.The dialogues:Why are not all of them voice-acted?Why do you have to wait which seems like forever before the ""Continue"" button appears?I am an old school AD&D nerd, so I know little about the D&D 5th Edition. From what I read, though, many classes (and subraces?) are missing in this game, along with some skills and other things.I am sure there are more pros and cons to discover while I dig deeper into the game. I will add them later."
76561198061976069,Not Recommended,325600,23337750,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Thiago Limão,"It's bad. Bad graphics, poor story, was advertised as a close experience to D&D and it doesn't deliver on the promise, the mechanics are not there. It's a Diablo wanabe, but not as good."
,Recommended,325600,29655520,Posted: 2 February,all,Notice me Senpai,"Not the best RPG available, but can still be quite fun for the 30hrs it takes to finish.Has a few nice and funny dialogues, some really nice maps (though most feel dull and repetitive).Has a couple tough boss battles, but most fights (final included) can easily be managed by the party AI on Normal difficulty.AI only sucks when it comes to avoiding enemy AOE attacks and using Stealth Attacks properly. So if you just control your Rogue on your own, the rest of the party can beat 99% of the battles."
,Recommended,325600,30186912,Posted: 25 February,all,godmachn,Great game!!!
,Recommended,325600,30440184,Posted: 10 March,all,foo,Fun game.  Makes me want to keep playing.  In the Sword Coast universe which makes it very familiar  Not too diffcult which is great for a recreational timeout from the frantic games out there.
76561198065607437,Recommended,325600,34406491,Posted: 21 August,all,Bazoozoo,Game seems better now after it's been fixed.Still could have been a lot more than it actually is...Overall i'd recommend it with a score of 7/10
,Not Recommended,325600,25136580,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Xicsess,"I keep wanting to like this game.  The player created content is great, but the 'skill tree' type design of character advancement just seems extremely poor.Everytime I make comparisons to baldur's gate (1999), I just can't seem to find any way in which this game is better.  Even the autopause options in baldur's gate are fantastic in comparison.  It just doesn't get the job done, especially compared to the promises it had at launch.This was the last game I bought at launch; and will probably be the last game I buy at full price.  Also, the multiplayer is deservedly dead."
76561197979926895,Recommended,325600,18580011,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Jabriece,"EDIT: Update - Now Reccomended!So I fired this game back up recently to see how the progress has come along. The developers are actively engaged in fixing the problems that I (and many others) addressed early in the game's life cycle and I must say I'm quite pleased with the progress. I was very pleasantly suprised to find modding has been implemented, which to me is a saving grace as I have found mods that re-work the remaining things I didn't like about this game. What's left is a great story mode to play through and endless possibilities with DMing and campaign creation with significantly beefier tools coming soon.I still feel like this game needs more customization options, and at the very least the developers made the NPC only ability trees unlockable in the story mode so that's a step in the right direction. I did some looking into the modding potential for this game and it seems very powerful - adding new spells and abilities is not only a thing, it doesn't look relatively difficult. There's a mod already released that aims to really deliver a more 5E feel by removing scaling and reworking lots of other things such as abilities, back stories, and loot. It really brings the game closer to my original vision, and I'm having a lot more fun now. Really hoping for more cosmetic choices such as faces, hairs, and outfit recolouring or even 'transmog' type things, either officially added or modded in.Going to finally play through the campaign and give this game some real playtime - I sunk dozens of hours into the head start and I'm fresh and itching for adventure. I'll update my thoughts as they mature.TLDR: 8/10 - Game's flaws are being erased, gameplay is much more enjoyable, mods are here and have enormous potential, developers actually care. Still has not met its full potential, but getting there!Former Review: OCT 23 2015 (Not Reccomended before)(((Played through all the head start weekends. The game simply does not deliver what was advertised. There is one over-arching theme with this game - extreme limitation. You are heavily limited in what you can do from character creation to gameplay to live DMing. There is simply not enough options to do anything well. You cannot create deep and complex campaigns in this game, only random dungeons with NPCs that pretty much only give one liners. No branching dialogue, no intrigue, nothing. DMs have severely limited capabilities. Character creation is limited to the point where everyone will look and play more or less the same. Combat is terrible: your abilities do little damage and enemies scale with level to the point where you are weaker the more you level.The story and the NPCs in the singleplayer are pretty good - that's a plus. It's a shame the gameplay is so restricted that its not really fun or interesting.I cannot reccomend this game unless some extreme overhauls are made - but I'm not holding my breath.  There was so much potential here and we were lied to and given a product that is just not good. And if you were expecting something that adheres to actual D&D then you will be -immensely- displeased with this.TL/DR6/10 - To few options, to much restiction, not fun, not D&D.)))"
76561198242574178,Recommended,325600,18897615,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,LordByron72,I would enjoy the game more if it didnt crash every time i try to talk to soronil after getting the ranger free.
76561198057518826,Recommended,325600,24922101,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,tmartin,If you like top view RPG's like Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale this game is a steal for $20.
,Recommended,325600,19778854,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,OhioMan,"Going to spend my 20 elsewhere, tried this on the free weekend and can't even get past the login screen even after email verify.5/24/16 I decided to buy the game since playing it on its last free weekend with issues with the game, was on sale 9.99. FINALLY works, played a few of the quests and found the horse etc etc and the gameplay reminds me of a Dungeon Siege form of play,which is one of my fav kinds of games, graphics are good, atmosphere is good and runs smoothlyI would finally give it a positive and edit my review more as i progress"
,Recommended,325600,24866405,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,bpmorgan0319,"I really enjoyed the game, but thats probably because I'm a huge D&D fan. 4/5 for sure."
76561198050421498,Recommended,325600,30621375,Posted: 19 March,all,Metsche1979,"I am a few hours in this game and like it a lot so far. I am playing the single player campaign and it starts very promising with a few funny companions. The game might have disappointed some people who e.g. expected a good DM mode but I get the impression, it's overall treated a bit unfair. I recommend to give it a try when it is on sale - I wouldn't recommend the full price because of a few bugs that won't get fixed anymore."
76561198074924320,Recommended,325600,18583334,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,icemanx,i like the game and story so far butt the game crash and i get black screen.i w8 until they fix it before playing agin.
76561198002526111,Recommended,325600,19764675,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Horrorscope CC97,"Finished Game.I feel it is as good as the rest of the Single Player cRPG's that we've been getting the past 18 months or so. Good story, good length, good character development, all the main trimmings of a cRPG.Where this game gets creamed is the promises it didn't live up to, but if you are ok with a SP cRPG as-is, no worries of modding this etc. This game is plenty fine. Actually pretty darn good."
76561197990510981,Recommended,325600,19808432,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Rukur,.
,Recommended,325600,24696660,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,cyandvai,"It's not a bad game. Friend and I played the dungeon crawl together and had fun with it.I've been doing the single player campaign and it's not bad. Movement took a little bit to get use to, but overal it's a pretty good game."
,Recommended,325600,24919147,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,coeh,"When this first came out, I panned the hell out of it in front of several hundred readers. I just heard the company that made this went out of business this year, and I honestly feel bad for the team. Here's the deal though: the parts that truly disapointed me are onerous for a game that purports to be about ""Dungeons and Dragons."" The idea that my alignment choice counts for nothing, or that I might even be a Lawful Good Paladin, dedicated to Helm -- never enters into the equation regarding my options, dialog or overall ending. That kind of stuff should have been baked-in as flavoring from the start, but I digress.The truth is: Sword Coast -- with several tweaks to the OOB options -- is a fairly good D&D ""story"" -- even if the mechanics are dumbed down with skill trees and talent points. When I fired it up a couple of weeks ago, it was because I wanted to play through the ""Abyss"" inspired stuff. I own the PnP sourcebook, and even annoted it so I could run it for my son and his friends, but we never got to it, and I wanted to see how it all plays out. SCL is a fairly good RPG. I am a fan of the Forgotten Realms anyway, so the fact that the story takes place in and around Luskin works for me.I just have to remind myself that it is a story about D&D, but it is not the D&D I grew up with and still play occassionally.  This softens the blow, and reskindles my urge to beat it, so I can see the new story arc eventually as well.Except for the whole alignment thing. That still pisses me off."
,Recommended,325600,31689285,Posted: 11 May,all,Dragarorth,"Good story, immersive gameplay, good character creation, the DM option ROCKS! Very interesting characters, many interesting npcs as well. Good game."
76561198104966147,Recommended,325600,35196267,Posted: 24 September,all,Firelord Vencaliber,"So it was good game, but my biggest issue for me was on mouse, the button to move and attack was the same, and there was no auto attack so i'd be click away attacking something and i end up clicking away from the enemy and it would move my character, so it was hard to do combat like that, they need to impliment an auto attack or allow us to change the button lay out. also minor detail, but allowing us to create our own party instead of custom made pc's would be nice, and more fun."
,Recommended,325600,19260299,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,[GST] Viper4115,"After crashing a few times, and then finally upgrading to a different computer this game isn't half bad. I enjoy the story behind it, and thought it doesn't play like most RPGs I'm used to its still a fun game."
76561198042121730,Recommended,325600,23603737,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,GriffinWings,"Amazing game, One of my favorites.Great gameplay and customisasion of charicter.The editor is also realy good wiht a lot of customisation on the monsters, from choosing colors to abilities to individual names and locations.Was disapointed by the lag the game had at the start but now they have fixed that issue and its a treat to play m810/10 - IGN"
76561198035741216,Recommended,325600,24888136,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,westabraham,"This game is exactly what i expected it to be, a story driven RPG in the same style and format like baulders gate and icewind dale. I've enjoyed quite a bit, can't wait to finish it and move on to play Rage of Demons, and am also hoping they come out with more content. I think the fact that its designed to have more content added is the best part of the game. I just hope the Devs keep it comming."
76561198019347237,Not Recommended,325600,19817210,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,lukas8a,"bad game, neverwinter nights is better"
76561197992171864,Not Recommended,325600,18707705,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Docsis,"I like the game. It's not great, but I am having fun. I see a lot of potential.One of the big selling points was the DM tools... to create your own dungeons and quests and the like. The DM tools are pretty limited at this time, but hopefully, they will add a LOT more tools.  I think the DM tools will make or break this game. This is what sets this game apart from all the other games of this genre. It can make it a great game if they improve the DM tools that shipped with the game.I built a module that includes several dungeons/city streets, etc. all tied together with a story quest line. Once I figured out how to use the DM tools, it wasn't that hard.... but I spent literally all day watching ""youtube videos on how to make the quests work. Hopefully, someone will put together an in-depth tutorial for it.My biggest complaint of the game... the camera... it sucks. You have to constantly move the camera since it doesn't really follow you. Good grief, I hope they fix that..."
76561198040660982,Recommended,325600,18582989,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,laxtonto,"With around 100 hours in on this title (Headstarts 2-5 on separate client) you can see how the game has grown and developed all the way through it.The GoodGood campaign story (30 - 50 hours) that has more than its share of surprisesEnjoyable dialog with good voice actingEnough humor between the various characters that it will make you laugh at odd times in the storyWide variety of styles of NPCs to join your partyClassic D&D classes, races, locations, and monsters (the Gelatinous Cube is awesome!)4 person play for Coop campaign and player made modulesBuilt in VOIP!DM tools that are easily useable without having to know scripting in C++Fairly in-depth character creation and NPC creationMultiplayer D&D experience with a DM is outstanding. Coolest function in the gameDM loot is the best lootActive developer team that is determined to provide additional content and continue to extend the DM functionsThe BadLimited number of creature, classes and races at launch. There are all the standard stuff, but where are the exotics, the hybrid classes, and the “strange” player races? In a DLC coming soon is my guessSome NPC and monster pathing issuesDM tools still have PLENTY of room to grow (Needs some additional features to make modules shine like the campaign)Would like more stuff to build with in DM mode... more monsters, locations, tiles, and peaceable (this doesn’t mean there are none in there, it is just that we always want more!)Wish they has positive DM loot (Something that can be given to help the players, love the cool monsters in DM loot, but would love to be able to give players a helping hand or bonus for good game play)This game is going to get a very wide variety of reviews becauseit is not NWN3and not because of what this game is. The extreme D&D purist will rake it over the coals because it is not an exact replication of the pen and paper rules. For those that bash this because of the skill trees saying ""it is not a standard pen and paper D&D mechanic"" overlook the entire point of this game; this is made to be a coop online experience and many things (like resting and a set number of spells) do not go well with this concept. If I have to wait every time the goofy wizard hits rest because he used a spell in combat, you are going to lose players in that game or boot the wizard… This is designed to be played continuously and not as a stop and go system.  With a development team that seems to be active in the community and that wants to continue exploring Faerun there is hope that this title will be updated regularly.I would strongly suggest that you watch some actual gameplay on this before you get scared off by some of the snarky reviews. Youtube or twitch some gameplay and make your own decision.Overall, I think it is a solid title that looks to have a very devoted developer team. Ive enjoyed the game so far for what it is and not held against it that it is not NWN.8/10"
76561198070716923,Recommended,325600,18582028,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,justcallmethedude,"Let's just get this out of the way: if you are expecting a direct translation of 5e into digital format, this is not the game for you.However, if you're looking for an enjoyable action RPG (a la Diablo or Torchlight) in a familiar setting (forgotten realms) this game is well worth your time.Pros:-Both character creation and combat are quite streamlined. This game is not difficult to pick up and play, and is enjoyable for both veteran RPG players and newbies.-The DM mode facilitates one player to to create and share their own modules, or run one that has been put up previously. In either case, the mechanics encourage the DM to work with players to create a mutually enjoyable experience. This helps to reduce the feeling of antagonism between players and DM-The voice acting is superb, and accents (why is everyone in a fantasy game always british?) rarely break immersion-The visuals are filled with small touches. Expect to see lots of little details, such as snowfall and roof tiling. This really amkes the world seem that much more alive-The campaign can be played in co-op with up to 3 friends-Your choices actually matter for the ending of the story-Story is interesting, and mixes mystery and adventure well-AI companions bounce off each other, both in combat and in conversation-Lots of classic D&D MonstersCons:-No morality system. You can rob people blind without even trying to hide it, and you're still a hero-Dungeons can't actually be shaped in DM mode. You can fill them with literally thousands of fish, but you can't change the shape or number of rooms-Enemies scale to your level. Whether this is bad is really up to the player-Some of the models look out of place. They're ugly. You'll know them when you see them\-Limited number of classes to start with (6, possibly more to come).-Story feels rather linear, mostly because it is-Stark lack of dragonsTL:DRThis is not D&D: the video game, Don't expect it to be. This game is not the next Baldur's Gate, but if you want to mess around in the forgotten realms or introduce friends to D&D, it's enjoyable and even better with friends.8.3/10"
76561198018471011,Recommended,325600,18580326,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,The_only_Phantom,"(Noting some people complaining about the DM tools - I am not a DM and am only rating the game on the solo campaign experience I've had with the early access, haven't tried the dungeon crawls yet either)So far I've really enjoyed the game. The environments seem rich and the search mechanic keeps you interested in searching every corner and checking every boot or vase on the ground to see if it might be sweet loot.There is pretty constant banter between the followers, enough to get you invested in their characters (especially if they run off) and keep you interested, there is also a nice mechanic to allow follows not 'in the away team' to make comments relevant to the situation. The follower balance is good enough that your character can be whatever and not feel stuck in a given situation, eg; most classes seem to get some sort of self heal if you find yourself getting knocked down a lot. There are a LOT of skill trees :DThe only thing I would say is with the follow rogue it's not a bad idea to shove a lot of points into search to make that process much much quicker, there is a lot of really nice hidden loot and rooms.I'm not far through the storyline yet (part way through act 1) but am enjoying it so far, the usual twists and turns I would expect from a faerun storyline"
,Not Recommended,325600,18683884,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,smartasscody,"I do not recommend the purchase of Sword Coast Legends in it's current state.There are a myriad of things that I just didn't enjoy but I will try and keep this short.1.) I realized after a few hours into the game that what I was really enjoying the most is the setting. And not much else. Nothing about this game made me go ""awesome"" or ""wow that's really cool"". The only thing I ended up being excited about was the fact that the game starts by heading to Luskan and my group is currently in Luskan. Literally that was all.2.) This game is causing my GPU to fail. My 3 month old 980 in my dual-980 build with three monitors. I have had 3 failures in three hours of gameplay. I tried playing some other much more graphically intense games to see if I really was having a true hardware issue. Nothing. Everything else runs completely fine. I am still in the process of researching this, but after some quick Googling it appears I am not the only one with issues that happen to occur when trying to play Sword Coast Legends.Thumbs Down.Edit: Just thought I would come back and update this as it has been a bit. DO NOT buy this game if you have an expensive GPU. This game will cause your GPU to run at 98-100% load for no reason and I can confirm without a doubt it blew up my 980.You can think I'm an idiot, but you have been warned."
76561198008217765,Not Recommended,325600,18580152,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Obsidian,"Currently there are some game-breaking bugs. Invisible enemies (not stealthed, just not appearing on the map) can kill you without you being able to select them and fight back. The game seems strangely laggy (I'm on a cable connection running a computer with great hardware) with characters teleporting around and items seemingly being selectable when they are not and vice versa.The voice acting for the characters you create is unforgivably awful. This is bad enough, but every time you click on the map to move your character around the isometric view of the environment... they quip. They say something like ""I can do that"" or ""Heading there now"". The ""Sneering"" voice for females is particularly reprehensible. It's a bad cockney accent with vocal burn (if you don't know what vocal burn is, it's the growly noise women make when they go ""yaaaaaas"").If you are a DM, you can edit and customize the appearance of enemy gear. If you are a player, you cannot customize the appearance of your gear. Got black armor and found a cool hat, but it's stark white? Too bad. Also, speaking of loot, don't expect any cool fantastical drops for a LONG time. You will be finding the same ugly daggers and short swords for quite a while.Essentially, this game is the multiplayer component of Dragon Age: Inquisition in Isometric view, except you can play pretty dress up with the monsters and also it's of worse quality."
76561198065759873,Recommended,325600,18583742,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,justbegin2008,"I like the classic 2E-3.5E DND games, and DAO, so the combination of skill tree and DND world is not bad. but I think they need to do more with the skill tree, cancellation of the spell book is arugable as well. Only recommend to those, who love DAO more, the gameplay feels more like that way."
,Not Recommended,325600,30821187,Posted: 29 March,all,[LL4G] LiveLife4Gaming,"The game I think is to bring people into D&D and get them preped so they can progress into table top. It also showed great promis that DM's could create a custom capaign, building maps, towns, dungions and encounters. the abilitie to create set of creature like cults and go so indepth in their character creatation that it make every NPC appear like an actual player, not a copy pasted modle. but... after just a few mear minuits in the editor, you truly reolise how limited you are.I watch videos that show the indepth customizability that you could do in your campaign. they really did gloss over the limitations. they show how you can customize Locations, and dungeons (dungeons was show to be a really amasing feature) but was implemnted poorlyMapsWhen I saw the map future i thought i would be able to add my own .PNG image of a map, add markers, loacations to it and make my campain pop, especially if a play could open a map and see where they where in the continent, city town or village. it look like something navigateable. but they have limited you to two maps, farune and underdark. both maps are the same, the colour is slightly diffrent and underdark has 2 colour sploges on them... you can add locations and markers onto the map, but you have to be aware that there are allready towns and locations marked on the map.This is poorly implimented, I couldn't find a way to change this. this could be improved if the map feature allowed you to choose pre-fabricated maps (or download fan based ones from the steam workshop) and use them, or upload your own map via .PNG or .JPEG or other image format, then allow the DM to add real locations into their campain.A feature I am unsure they have, is Map navigation. if a play could open their map with a keybind ('M' for instance) then be shown the most zoomed out map (Continent). they could then be able to click on marker locations that the DM has set as visable and zoom in from the continent to the City, have their player marker displayed where they are in the town and also be able to zoom in/out and move around, explore a birds eye view of the town. As I said, I am unaware if this is a feature. if not, wouldn't be bad to impliment it.LocationsLocations looked like a way to add your cities, villages, towns amougst other area onto your map with a marker. Give them a name. Then Edit it and create an instance, so it refelcts how you imagened that area to look. (for people who are unware, an instance is a small world load, to hop from town to town, intead of having one big world, you would have loads of small instances [1 per area] then when you move location, you load the instance you moved too.) instead you create a new location, give it a name, discription, marker. then select what it is. town, village, swamp, city, farm. Etc. then move the marker on the map. you can only edit the information, you can visit the location and add small details, like characters, props, carts and other misc stuff which can set the scene, but cant start from scartch, add building or anything.Alough this feture can be good for people starting, or who dont want to do everything. i think that if you had the choise to create your own instance from scratch, using assests from the game, or fan made assests and models that you could download of the steam workshop or even your own (if you know how to do that), and inplement them into a town you can build from the ground up would create far better campains. the way the game is right now, if you play several campains, they are all going to get samey, despite haveing suttle diffrances like the vender in a diffrent place, or diffrent NPC or quests. The area will still look the same, as it is thew same, Pre-create instance. allowing people to create their own instance from the gound up can tell a story about their campain, without it needing to be explained.DungeonsThis showed great promise and was going to be my favorate feature, I am going to try not to give it a hard time, but i was greatly disapointed with this, as it could have been implimented so much better, and it wouldn't have been that hard to do either.The video I saw was created by the wizards of the coast team, the director of the game. The video stated that they created the dungeon... this was a blantent lie, by created the dungeon they ment clicked create dungeon then game it a name. dungeons are created by selecting the difficulty, compleaxity, sets of creatures, then adding more floors to make it last longer. they have a look about them which makes it look like you could create one from the ground up, and this could have easly been done too. sadly you cant do this, the complexity level you choose changes the layout of the dungeon, i dont know if it is randomly generated, but it could have been so much more.The dungeons look is a top down view. DM's can see all rooms, players can see rooms they have opened. this is all good, but lacks a certain customizability. you can choose wheather you want doors to be open, closed or hidden. but why cant you add or remove rooms. dungeons could have been implimented that you had an option to create it fron scratch, and if this was so all you would have to do is give them the room they start in. allow the DM to add modular rooms, from pre created assets or again, home made or fan made assets. the modular sistem could loow you to place it next to a room and attach a door to the adjacent room, allow the DM to make it open, Closed, hidden or a solid wall if they didn't want it to be connected to a few adjacent rooms.I hate to say this game was poorly done and i will take part of the blame for having such high expectations for the game. but there are so many feature that dont exsist, and they are not complicted think of, i understand implimenting and code thease feature are harder then thinking of them, but thease small feature add alot to the gamePLEASE NOTE!This is not be having a dig out of this game, I am trying to give contructive critasism to the creates which I surely hope they can respect and posible even note.Players please remember, your expiriance may still be entirly diffrent to mine, whist i may not recomend this game, if it apeals to you, try it. steam refund may always be usful if you know it's not for you as quickly as i did."
76561198007414437,Recommended,325600,18621848,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,evilinspect,"I'd recommend this to someone based on my experience of solo campaign and the module based side of things.firstly, the solo campaign was great. I didn't run into any bugs personally, some vague areas which i have since seen patched in the headstart. Can customize and control the three npcs that follow you and smash the faces of your enemies. 25 hours or so of questing.In terms, of modules, as a player i enjoyed them, the option of no dm modules is basically an extra dungeon crawl with some missions but the whole scheme looks promising if scl invests in it further for clued in dms to use. That and the expansion of the dm tools set would be a big one upper for a few of the reviews here i imagine.overall, 7-8/10 impression of the game so far. still playing it even after beating the story has got to have some credence to it."
76561198068002611,Recommended,325600,23060352,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,senormom1,"Had a long glorious review that would have brought tears to your eyes. It was that good. Accidentally page clicked away and lost it. So here is the short version.If you like Baldurs gate; don't give a crap about D&D rulebook #8675309, then get this game. Twenty bucks is well worth it; and now it has a free dlc without having to buy a season pass."
76561198018352487,Recommended,325600,18584219,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,ynotdoitndalton,I love it for what it is... i love arpg's and baulders gate style party crpg's ... this is like a mix of the two.. i personally love the skill trees and cooldowns as i hate per rest abilities... seems like with this game its either love it or hate it.If you like arpg's as well as party based crpg's then you'll like this...
76561198026626109,Recommended,325600,18584956,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,tomjo66,"Ok I have only played the prologue since we did not want to spoil this by over play the game until launch- It took us roughly 4 hrs to do the prologue story. And that’s because we do turnbase (pause every turn.) Its not AD&D rules I played, but lets face it Im Jurassic, with 2nd and 3 edition ruled my Teens...;) I actually love that the made char look like old ten figurines from Ral Partha..We role-played, and I must say, we could pause, think talk, role-play so more. This is a good game. Its a 30euro game (now 40 euro.), 1 euro per hour will you easily get probably more. I have 30+ hrs in HS plus more then 16hrs I played with friends. You can probably work trough the story faster  then us, and still get one 1 euro per hour. .And to nay sayers, the have patch this game twice after release, a most are stuff that as community wanted. So 2 1.2 GB patches in 3 days. What company doe this for its customers.Next thing I will test out is DM my own module, or even just test to lead a dungeon craw as DM.Dungeon craw was fun, Story mode is solid storytelling.I would say Buy this guys and Girls."
76561198045442328,Recommended,325600,18585315,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Jimson,I haven't played it that much yet but if you're into RPG's it seems like an amazing game with great depth. 10/10 from here so far.
76561198002386545,Recommended,325600,18598635,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Kyus,"I love the game, lots of fun solo and with friends. I was hoping for a better Campaign Creation when headstart finished tho, a little limited in creating a dungeon or campaign the way you want it, maybe in the near future we can make our masterpieces.Don't treat it as a Diablo game because it's not, If you run into a room swords and shields blazing you will die! grab ya friends, make one the cleric and have some fun!"
76561198034772336,Not Recommended,325600,18591963,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,adam_m_wilson,"I have bought this game through steam and I cannot access it, neither can I get steam support to contact me to discuss either the reason why I cannot access it or request a cancellation and refund. Hence I am severely unimpressed both with SCL and steam support."
76561197991546509,Recommended,325600,18625491,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,claude,"Not to downplay all the passion surrounding a lack of D&D rule compliance and limited DM support, but in my opinion this is a game that delivers value. Given the number of poor games, many at higher prices, being released these days, this game should keep you entertained if you liked Pilars of Eternity, Divine Divinity, Icewind Dale, Barldur's Gate, etc. Granted, if the D&D label wasn't on this game, sales might be different and it's presence does set some basic expectations that are, perhaps, not fully met, but if you can get past that, and can separate yourself from the noise, the gaming experience is good, the software appears to be bug-free, and the spirit of D&D (if not the 'letter of the law') is ever-present."
76561198006577056,Recommended,325600,18643631,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,McDangerously,"If you loved Dragon Age Origins you will find alot to love about Sword Coast Legends. The issues with the game are more technical than gameplay oriented. These can be dealt with in a couple of patches, no game is released in a perfect state. As for the the gameplay the skill tree system is very reminiscent of Dragon Age Origins with mutliple class skill trees for every archetype. Lockpicking and searching can be mastered by anyone and this seems to have bugged some people. I find it great as rogues have a glass jaw and if you can go without one if you choose. I hate it when games limit you to NEEDING a rogue in your party like in Baldur's Gate, etc.There is no mana or stamina bars to deal with, everything is instead on an individual cool down timer very similar to all online multiplayer games. It is however executed very well in this game and the combat flows exactly like it did in Dragon Age Origins. You do not have to worry about ammo for your bows and crossbows. There is alot of loot in this game and it has all the usual color coordinated rarity types found in Diablo and all other loot based RPG's.The coolest part that I found in this game is that your character and inventory are persistent through multiplayer and single player. If you load up a ""Dungeon Crawl"" or join another player's game all of your items, experience and gold are there when you go back to your single player game. Sword Coast Legends has so much potential and is alot of fun even as is. The biggest gripe is that even with a 2 gig video car, a 3.4 ghz i7 processor and 16 gigs of RAM I can only play the game in mid settings with mild slow down and chop in outdoor areas. My setup can run Skyrim at full settings so this issue is a bit perplexing. Wasteland 2 did does this too so maybe its a problem indie developers can't work around, I don't know. I still highly recomend this game to D&D fans and urge RPG lovers to give this a try."
,Not Recommended,325600,33127445,Posted: 2 July,all,Psyadin,"DO NOT BUYThis game is abandonware, do not trustn-SpaceorDigital Extremes, They will 100% screw you over."
,Recommended,325600,18619235,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,RektingLord,"a 7/10 game, don't know why there are so many bad reviews..it's not a bad game, it's fun and interesting...everyone raging about the rules and poorly developed little details,like c'mon they're clearly raging because the game hyped them and it wasn't what they expected from the hype, so good game, good story, acceptable gameplay, could use some minor fixed and tweaks but nothing that patches can't repair (as well as more races and classes and perks...surely there will be dlcs).Multiplayer is really fun, building a team of 4 with friends taking care of every rol needed to hacking and slashing the sh*t out of every monster you run into while completing puzzles in the most atmospheric dungeons...Dungeon Master mode!The mode where you create your own dungeon/campaign for others to play and you can be the Dungeon Master who sends hordes of enemies and traps to the 4 other players playing your dungeon in real time!Srsly i can't se how the bad things in this game overwhelm the good things...maybe a little bit over-priced...$40 seems to much, $30 would've been much more reasonable BUT nothing that sales can't solve!!!"
76561198078608850,Not Recommended,325600,18594215,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,KA-L,"I get this game is new but its not worth the $40 you pay for it. Their is no options their is no point in playing unless you like clicking where a character should move and then clicking on what a character should attack. This is less a game and more an interactive movie with horrible artwork.Ill be willing to change this review once it has been out for a while, BUT, thank god for refunds."
76561198079758171,Recommended,325600,18637406,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Thwap,"Old school RPG, very fun"
76561198043246933,Recommended,325600,18639306,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,willesee,"Single player was enough to keep me entertained. It was an overall decent game at the price i got it at. The future of the game could be something spectacular if they increase the amount of customization (placeables, tiles, mosters) included with the DM mode/module creation. It would also be nice if they just went ahead and matched up anything they could with the 5E PHB."
,Recommended,325600,18632188,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Zolamee,Fun game to meet new people and have fun little adventures :D
76561198063798326,Recommended,325600,23077969,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,sigmar101,great game ---- want more content --- keep it coming
76561197997011772,Recommended,325600,19492675,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,ProminentBias,"Even though it advertised as a D&D CRPG game, IT IS NOT D&D.Therefore, one who bought this game expecting Baldur's Gate, PoE, etc may not like it.However, as a newcomer in CRPG genre, I quite enjoyed SCLs.The combat system is very casual. Cantrips are based on cooltime system, not per rest.Some dislikes casuality, but I loved it.Cuz messing up with per rast cantrips in PoE was a bit annoying for me.Plus, there's a very charming game mode named 'Dungeon Crawl'.In most CRPGs, encounters happen in entirely preset location and time.So as you keep playing the game, world map becomes more empty and dead.Cuz there are no random encounters and mob respawn.It is also a tragedy for players who enjoy the combat itself of CRPGs.Here comes 'Dungeon Crawl'. You can explore randomly generated dungeons as much as you want.You can fight. You can kill. You can loot.And all the data is shared with your character in story mode, of course.DM system was criticized severely at first. But it's being improved as time goes by.Ah, also thumbs up for developers actively reflecting what players complain about in forums.Community Pack 1, 2 patches were fabulous.Definitely an Excellet Game for CRPG Newbie & Battle Maniacs."
76561198018461694,Recommended,325600,18647054,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Therdre,"This game is getting a lot of negative reviews because its not neverwinter 3, but when it comes to a game all it comes down to is if its fun or not - and sword coast legends is a fun game to play.  Its not perfect and it is lacking some features which I am sure will be added in over time, but the DM mode is a blast with friends and dugeon crawls are also fun."
76561198116572012,Recommended,325600,18593871,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,philbilly312,"Although I recommend this game, it comes with a few warnings.  I was hoping for a DnD game, and this isn't completely it.  It definetly fills a gaming need, and I enjoyed recreating my 5e DnD campaign (as best I could with the limited tools, my main complaint).  I have not touched the campaign, but DM'ing (random dungeon crawls), or playing dungeon crawls (with a group of friends) can be quite enjoyable.The Game is much like a lesser version of Diablo, although it beats Diablo just because of the sheer content that is player created (even with limited tools)"
76561197991763071,Recommended,325600,18619001,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,cinderblock,"Bought this game for the multiplayer and have been very please.  It's fun running a full group with a dungeon master, more interesting than AI PvE is most other games.  I'm not a D&D player which is probably why I like the game.  Despite the legitimate negative points people have been bringing up about DM tools and such, it is a fun game.  Recommending it to my friends."
76561198069066304,Recommended,325600,22989954,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,jakedraugelis,Phenominal game. Pretty much a direct translation of the D&D experience to the computer.
,Recommended,325600,18626612,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Mischif,"Would I recommend this game? Depends on who I am recommending it to I suppose.PROS:Strong voice actingEngaging storyPossibility for additional content down the road with DM toolsCONS:Very poor camera controlPoor inventory managementPerformance issues, especially when running full screenI haven't finished the story mode yet, but I am enjoying it despite the camera issues and inventory issues. If you know someone that's REALLY into CRPG style games, then I would recommend it. If not, then take a pass."
76561197969366898,Not Recommended,325600,22799620,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,RubberDuckyWithaKnife,This game is simply a joke & total disgrace to Forgotten Realms it's simply a totally stripped down wannabe Neverwinter Nights when I stripped down I mean they totally gutting the hell out of it till nothing but the shell remained and proceeded to beautify the shell with HD graphics.  I feel totally Violated.. paid for the $60 worthless Deluxe edition...now I know what it's feels like having a been trained on..... Don't let this happen to you! Don't spend more than $5 for this game!
,Recommended,325600,18586444,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Astir / Automan,"Don't listen to the negative reviews saying this game is like Diablo.  They have literally only played the tutorial and made a judgement.  The tutorial is very easy and you does not allow you to experience the pausing and tatical aspect of the combat.So far I've completed the Prologue and am just into Act 1. the Prologue took me about 2 1/2 hours to complete on normal and it is a delight.  Combat feels very much like Divinity 2 / Baldur's Gate 2 (BG2).  You get to pause the game and issue orders, and this will be evident as you complete the prologue, some battles are way too difficult to just wade in without any strategy.  Basic things like ensuring your Cleric casts heal when HP is low and ensuring you take out spellcasters/archers before other enemies is crutial.  The AI is not able to handle it for you, you WILL (at least from my play through) need to pause and issue commands.   If you've played BG2, then you know what I'm talking about.The game is also NOT using D&D 5E rules.  It is very loosly based on 5E but they have chosen to alter it to make gameplay faster paced and very little down time.  Still if you can get over this mental hurdle, their level up system is actually good.  I'm only level 3 but there are tough choices to make on what abilities I should get or upgrade.PROS:+ All the reviews talk about the humor in this game and I have to agree.  It is good and I can't wait to see what happens next.  one of your first companions is a halfling warrior with 19 Str and a very short fuze, .. no more spoilers.+ Voice acting is good.  Not only the NPC's but the Story-teller.  And I love the pencil drawings for the story-teller cut scenes.+ From what I've seen so far the story is really pulling me in.  And even at this early stage it is a lot better than Divinity 2 was storywise.CONS:+ If you were hoping for a 5E faithful game, this is not it.  (Abilities are on cooldown, Wizards get Summon Woodland Creatures at level 1, Witchbolt is a cantrip ... etc etc etc)  I was expecting it and once I got over that mental hurdle, this game's system is pretty good.+ Not wild about the inventory system+ Controls are a little strange.   I don't know why you can't use your mosue to move the map beyond what your Party can see. Instead you have to use WASD or middle mouse button.+ Level up menu, there is no undo button, once you select learn, you've learnt it.  Seems logical until you see the level up screen and why the undo option should be available+ Some Performance issues which I'm sure will be addresses in future patchesSome Tips:+ You can have a magic missile spell that shoots 6 missiles by level 2 if you so choose. (Meaning you upgraded it 3 times)+ Use Healing Potions, don't stinge.  Cos once a PC dies you need a healer's kit to revive them+ Buy a few more healer's kits before you do the Prologe quests+ < Mild Spoiler > The Merc cave ... A door that has a ""Mechanical Lock"", Look very closely, the solution is on that level itself.I do recommend this game if you liked BG2, Divinity 2.  It is a good RPG, can't wait to get further into it."
76561198081790137,Recommended,325600,18629620,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Kindrit,"No problems so far, it isn't turn based? i turned on pause every other turn *There are options to make it every turn* to make my choices. Mind you movement feels more like Diablo. Having fun playing it and that is the most important thing!"
76561198062560746,Recommended,325600,18632411,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,TheQuixoticKid,If you are a fantasy fan do yourself a favor and play this game. Go in blind and just have fun you won't be disappointed!
76561198227235100,Not Recommended,325600,19232077,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Tommy,"I got called names and shunned from games just for having a powerful level 20 character. It got to the point where I could never find a game to join where I would be welcome. Every time I loaded up the game I ended up being disappointed and feeling bad just for being good at the game. What's sad is the game is actually pretty nice but the community is full of nasty people who probably got bullied a lot in high school and now feel the urge to take it out on others online. Due to the community's hatred for ""munchkins"" I left the game and decided to change my review from positive to negative. Sorry devs, if you address this specific problem I might come back but right now there doesn't seem to be anything that can be done with such a low population and mean, snobby players."
,Not Recommended,325600,18704562,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,PseudoMoot,"my PC can run blacklight, pandora and playclaw at the same time an not get hot, this game (with all processes turned off) raised my CPU temps to dangerous levels rendering it entirely unplayable for me."
,Not Recommended,325600,18949307,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Astray,"This is nothing like the old good RPGs (BG, Icewind dale etc), it just plain sucks in almost every aspect."
76561198159819247,Not Recommended,325600,19389368,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,rakeeler,ridiculous set up which does not encourage
,Not Recommended,325600,21062543,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Redleg17,My main problem with the game is I bought it for full price in October for $35 and already it is down to $20 and now on sale for $10!!!  That sucks.As for the game it is a dumb downed version of Baldur's Gate.  It is ok but it is no PoE
76561198086532145,Not Recommended,325600,18634598,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,WAM92blade,"This games expectations > NWN 1>  DnD 5.0 > DnD 3.5 > NWN2 > Dnd 2.0 > DnD 4.0 > Thumb wrestling > This game.Written with years experience in every game/sytem referenced.Put it to you this way, in a month, there will be more players on old NWN 1 persistant worlds than this game. I highly recomend you buy the full version of NWN 1 and download the comunity expansion pack, find a persistant world comunity and play there. This is not DnD. Roll20 gives DM's more tools than this. Go use that."
,Recommended,325600,18632024,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Tec,"Only a few hours in the game and already restarted a few times to find out what i like and dislike.So my review isn't an in depth comparison between this and other similar games.Gameplay:Its a good and well working game. It is however as some people said a little chaotic. i have seen worse, i have seen better.  Like baldurs gate you want to kill some annoying voices ""i can do that"" gets really annoyiing. (like baldurs gate ""goriath would be proud..."")i fiddles with some sound settings and it seems to be gone. (yeeea!)the second annoyance (for me) is the need to use wsad to scroll the screen. i'm so used to mouse agianst edge moving... ** this is fixed ! **StoryLine:So far so good.sound:the sound is overall good, music is nice.graphics:I run the game on max and my videocard gets along, but it uses more power then the witcher 3. It gets really hot. (and it doesn't look that heavy. it's not one of the graphical best games so far. You cant scroll all the way to you character to enjoy the looks, (why not? let me see my char up close..) but the details are there.D&D 5 is just crap. The game would have been better off with the older rules. (or a selection before running) (my personal opinion; faster and easy rules are for PnP but not needed in PC games)Overall i would recommend it as a game, but it's not as pure as baldurs gate or neverwinter nights.however, d&d 5 is as far as i know also a faster and more simple ruleset. and it reflects in gameplay. I guess that new players, more hack and slash oriented will like this more then the old skool players who know where to find Pillars of Eternity.it's not a winner.... but nonetheless a good game.Update after a 40hr playing:So now i have played a few more hours i wanted to review the current game with the knowledge of the upcoming patches. These patches are very welcome, and as the ""state of the game"" announcement says: its just beginning. Althought the characters could have some more 'character' the game isn't that bad.what is annoying: ""mechanical locked doors"" duh. why do you think i have invested so much in a thief with skills?this is one of the game mechanics that annoys me. There could have been so many fun challenges in opening doors with something less blant as a ""need key""combat has not much ""strategic"" value. I like some traps, but... are those characters stupid? i would not run into a blazing flamethrower. not now not ever. here they do and stand in line. heroic... but... stupid. AI should be better.the game is fun, but blant. sometimes the camera is forced in strange angles. (in Luskan, in forrested areas etc.) not too annoying... but it could be better.Other points to fix:The game has the tendency to crash when i start it.The game sometimes crashes when i switch from one map point to another.Something makes the GPU go crazy. It runs on 100%. (ATI R9 290x)sound for me is breaking up sometimes. This could be a local driver issue. (on my pc)the devs really care about the game and thus us, dm's and players. the updates that soon follow show this. It's getting better and the tools are improving. This game has the potential of becoming the new 'neverwinter games persistent world"". there need to be more monsters, characters, props and lighting options, traps and a way to control the gameflow on events and choices that players make (with and without DM)there also needs to be a way to create maps (not randomize) but maybe this will happen when the mods are incorporated ....i'll keep you posted! thanks!"
76561198049494877,Recommended,325600,19097989,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Eventide,"This game so far is a lot of fun. It reminds me of Baldur's gate. There as some features and content that I feel would make it better, but overall it's a solid foundation. So far the devs have already come out with a huge free update of content and when there were bugs from that, they released a hotfix (on a Sunday) which really shows their dedication to this game."
76561198046821938,Recommended,325600,18627088,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,elk375bc,"Very simple, if you like this type of game then you should really like this one.Pros: - Your party members cast their spell by them selfs. Or you can set where u do all the char's spells.- You dont have to rest to get your spells back, all spells are set on timers, so no mana no resting after every fight. because ur cleric use his 4 heal spells or ur wiz used his 2 good DD spell and just left with 30sec aoe web spell/ charm animal spell etc...Cons: - your char says one of his 2 replys when u move him to a new spot.. so u hear it alot, ( i just turn down the vol on it, so not to bad.There are more lesser pros and cons not listed .. but no need to .. Over all i really like the game.>>>>>>>>> 8/10 <<<<<<<<<<"
76561198008943380,Recommended,325600,18625094,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Dr. Jones,Game is better then what the reviews say!Don't be put off by the DnD fanboys!
76561198067932843,Recommended,325600,18651792,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,That Guy You Know,"The single player is alright, and the multiplayer is a bit disappointing but not devastatingly bad. I'd give this game 6/10."
76561198004032570,Not Recommended,325600,18662168,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Commander Snookums,"Today is 10/24/15, I have a Acer ASpire V3-772G-9646 I find It runs most AAA high graphics games at a solid 40 frames, more if I turn down shadows and turn off motion blur. I ran this game at 8-12 frames. changing the graphics did not help. if I play on a smaller resolution it helps... but who wants to play on a letter sized screen?The voicing is good, dialogue a bit cheesy, but if I always set my standard at Baldur's Gate I will end up dissapointed everytime.On character creation, there are no tool tips, so you have no idea what your picking wihtout doing trial and error to figure out the bonuses for different races/subraces. and you dont knowanything about the class till you comb through its abilities. also, was really looking forward to Eldritch knight for fighter(5th edition specialization for fighter)... didnt play much but did not see it.I dont see the single player being challenging, I was n normal, with a decently built fighter and I let 5 enemies beat on me for a ~minute, did not feel the need to fight back. it was early game but still.Did not try DM mode, but if the frae rate is that low, I would rather just use pen and paper.In Short- Not worth $40 in my humble opinion, and I will not be able to enjoy it until it can at least run a slolid 30 frames without lag spikes. going to try a REUND, might buy it again later  on sale if they can optimize it better."
76561197972901727,Recommended,325600,19773623,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,speedknob,"This is for the game after 'community pack two' went live.I was excited about the title, but dismayed by the reviews.  Fortunately, a free weekend is going on at the time of this writing, accompanied by a half off sale.I am five hours in, and am enjoying the game.  It's not the constant slugfest of Diablo 3 (which has its place) nor is it the dialog heavy game like Pillars of Eternity (which has its place) but it kind of snuggles up somewhere right in the middle.Combat can often be done with little attention, but if you let your guard down at the wrong time it can bite you.  It doesn't have a 5E flavor to me, though; it seems more like 4E, with rapid cool downs and plentiful heals after each encounter, like a cinematic style.   This isn't a bad thing, though, in a video game, as it keeps the flow going.  It often bothers me in other games to have to pitch camp for no other reason than to gain spells back.The graphics aren't mind blowing, but are certainly adequate.  If you have tried Neverwinter (the MMO) you will have an idea.I haven't dug too deeply into the user generated content yet, but I have checked it out.  The options sure do seem plentiful.  Don't know yet whether or not much of it can be done solo or if you need to group up, and I don't know how popular grouping up is.  I hope to tap into that, but it's a busy time and I haven't yet.  The fact that the option exists is very attractive to me.Anyhoo . . . I think the game suffers from early launchitis, and the early reviews reflect that, but the reviews that come after should be given more credence, as apparantly much has been addressed in the community packs.  I am midway into the free weekend, but I will be purchasing, just don't know if I will get the deluxe version or not.Now I must go have harsh words with my wife.  Her influence is my only excuse I have for using the word 'snuggle' in a review.Edited after 20 hours:A couple addendums to my review.After creating several characters to get a feel for the different classes, I made a rogue that is a ball to play but has had a couple issues loading.  After about an hour in to the campaign, it would not load, and I started over.  It had the same issue later on, but I exited the game and came back and let it sit and it ended up loading.  This is the only character that has had this issue.One thing I really like, and has a real D&D feel, is that leveling is slow.  It took hours of play to reach fourth level.  That does not mean that I felt weak the whole time, quite the contrary: Each level up was significant and memorable.I also didn't feel invulnerable or super-powered.  There are some battles that I had to avoid and times when I was glad I was able to talk or buy my way out.  My wife called me a wuss more than once.The more I play, the more of a D&D vibe I sense from it.  Concessions have been made for the sake of the medium, but that can't be avoided.Anyhoo, I'm glad I grabbed it, and I haven't even done multi-player yet.  Looking forward to that experience."
,Not Recommended,325600,20889911,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Azimuth,This game was more of a disappointment to me than I am to my parents.
76561198020954366,Not Recommended,325600,23802825,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Catapooh,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!  PEOPLE NEED TO KNOW! I cant express enough how disappointing and full of trolololo this game is! I played this game around 4-6 hours, and literally.. LITERALLY, no exaggeration - i was walking for 2 hours from npc to npc just doing quests in the same area. Only way I lasted that long was because I played with my friends - I blame them because I cant even now refund this pile of pure solid fly s**t. If I wanted a soap opera I'd watch ""The only way is essex""Disappointing! Do not buy it. after this game i dont want to play anything that as a slight hint of a story line. I want to vomit, and die. Bought it on sale for 10 euro. If I knew I wouldnt take this game if the devs game me 10 euro just to put it in my library"
76561198052719908,Not Recommended,325600,18707225,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Gard,"Impressions after my first few hours -I've spent about equal time in the module editor and playing the campaign.Definitely do not recommend if what you are looking for is a way to create your own modules.The campaign is ok.  Looks like it might be worth the price of the game depending on how much playtime I can wrangle out of it.Wishing I hadn't bought the deluxe edition.The look of the interface seems more fitting for a space rpg than one in a D&D Sword Coast setting.The terrain is rendered beautifully.  However, the ability to zoom is limited, and it doesn't seem possible to alter the view from ~70 degree top down.Character/NPC graphics are just so-so.  But that doesn't bother me much.  D&D (for me) is about a compelling story, not the graphics.The module editor is a complete joke.   Neverwinter Online's editor pales in comparison to NWN's, but is light years ahead of this one.All in all, the game gives me the impression that it was low budget and rushed.  Hopefully more work will be put into the toolset.edit -- but given the lack of any signs of life from n-space on the n-space forums.. not holding out much hope for it.  I hope to be proven wrong. -edit -  I have been proven wrong.  Nspace has picked up their efforts and released two ""community packs"" to date.  However, neither of them address the subpar module creation tools.I'm disappointed.  I really wanted to love this game and toolset.  But... mehAs I was writing this, I read the Rock, Paper Shotgun review of SCL, and discovered that Divinity: Original Sin came with a toolset.I'm off to check that out.  Or maybe load up my old copy of Neverwinter nights.  The graphics on that game are dated, but at least the toolsetis  decent and I can host a game onine."
76561198047689928,Not Recommended,325600,18710985,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Zaxis,"Note to DnD PnP lovers (like me): PLEASE AVOID THIS GAME! I regret pre-ordering/buying it thinking it could give me an experience AT LEAST like NWN/BG/PoE. I think it's a total opposite genre of those types of games.Note to DnD lovers (like me too): DONT BUY THE GAME! Unlike other good DnD games (BG/IWD/NWN) this one sucketh big time. It's Diablo with 5th Ed DnD background setting. Yes, you know what I mean...(it has skill trees, SKILL TREES! What the heckness! What kind of craziness is this?!)Note to DnD background setting lovers who also like Neverwinter Online due to the DnD background setting (like some part of me): You'll like this game because it uses most of the settings and stayed true to it (mostly); and it stops there, period. Just enjoy being in 5th Ed DnD world and...thats it.Personally I am really, REALLY disappointed in this game. I hope for something else but got something totally different. Well, the jokes on me. (frown)"
76561197971879553,Not Recommended,325600,18741790,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,FreeSpace,Sword Coast Legends just does not quite capture Dungeons and Dragons. The rules system is extremely cut down from the tabletop game and with that the fun of charactor development just does not really appeal to me. It feels like you have to complete the story which is surprisingly linear.
76561197993304043,Not Recommended,325600,18980790,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,SCA Dougal,This game is DOA.  I feel bad for wasting the money on it.
76561198008427530,Not Recommended,325600,19007244,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Bob the Dinosaur,I don't think the developers ever actually played the game to see if it was any fun.
76561198183912007,Not Recommended,325600,34741064,Posted: 4 September,all,dmiracle282,"I had high hopesfor this game, but unfortunatlly it is a mess, at least for me. Camera kept bugging out and I would also have characters disappear on screen. First time I've requested a refund on Steam."
76561197983103806,Not Recommended,325600,18745068,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Truzi,"This is a sad, stripped down to the bones, crappy rendition of a D&D game. I don't care if they claim its only ""inspired"" by D&D, because they certainly where not claiming that in their adds. This is not the true to life D&D experience they where claiming before release. If i hadn't spent so much time trying desperately to find something I like about this awful piece of crap and still qualified for the steam refund, I would definitely be giving this garbage back. I don't understand how such an old game like Neverwinter Nights can deliver so much depth, and story, and stay true to the D&D rule-set with slight modifications to reflect real-time game play, and has a wonderful module for players to create legendary campaigns how ever they want, but modern technology brings us what ever the %$#@ this thing is."
,Not Recommended,325600,18642958,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,treadpool,"I was sold that this would be a similar experience to the BG series of the 90s. Saw screenshots, dev updates, and pre-ordered. HYPE TRAIN. Got to play it the other day and was disappointed by the experience overall. The game engine seems dated, blurry, with a poorly designed interface. The character creation experience is boring and not remotely as engaging as an RPG should be. Clicking around the world felt clunky and non-responsive.That said, it's the first game I successfully returned to Steam and it was incredibly easy. What a turd this game is for the price point - and in general."
76561198107374451,Not Recommended,325600,18647496,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Sir_Fuzzbotham,"I was VERY excited for this game. I LOVE D&D; The Forgotten Realms and the lore therein is so ideal (and familiar) that I was jumping for joy when I first heard about Sword Coast Legends (SCL). I pre-ordered, I joined the forums and participated in on-line banter, sucked it up through the release delays and I played through the 5 head start weekends. I was worried when I watched the Twitch streams periodically staged by the developers when I saw what appeared to be a Diablo-eque hack-n-slash, loot grab rather than a true CRPG. On one of the Twitch streams I repeatedly asked them, via the chat, to show us the chat and dialog interface and they kept promising to but never did.  There were other red flags, such as the lack of a decent ""fog of war"" aspect and the fact that cool-downs are used for skills rather than resting. I actually heard the developers say that no one wants to wait around for their party mates to rest while in the middle of an adventure. Well, actually they do. QUITE a lot of people do.Which leads me to the crux of the problem: SCL tried to be too many things to too many people and appeal to too many sub-genres. Is this a good CRPG? No. Is it a decent , fast-paced action adventure game? No. Is it trying to appeal to the lowest common denominator from across a wide field? Yes. I even had my hunches as to why the word ""Legends"" was in the title and I still think I am correct.I am a player, not a DM. From what I have read and seen I am not excited in the least about playing the mods created by the community. The tools are way too limited to provide for creative expression and the builder community is shouting at the top of their lungs about it.POSITIVES--I like the voice acting.It stays true to the LORE of the Sword Coast and Forgotten Realms. I have not played 5E and could give two poops about the adherence to that rule-set.--It stays true to the LORE of The Forgotten Realms. I have not played 5E and could give two poops about that.--Character creation is fun and the avatars look cool during creation.NEGATIVES--The U.I. is HORRIBLE! Slow, unresponsive drag-and-drops, terrible camera angles and the WORST, absolute WORST, camera controls I have ever played. I have played the Gothic series, if you know what I mean.--Repetitive.  RPGs are at their best when there is a wide variety of settings, monsters, loot, quests and choices. While there are a few choices to make, the lack of variety is appalling.  Every dungeon looks the same, every outdoor area looks similar and the quests are pretty much go fetch.-- Combat is boring. This game has a terrible combat system that you cannot lose on. I have my solo game set to the most difficult level and am having no problem plowing through monsters.  It's just a slog through dungeon after dungeon, doing pretty much the same thing over and over again. Grind away!--Rogues have no pickpocket ability.--Cooldowns for feats, spells, skills, etc are just lame. It plays like a Diablo type game in this regard. Spam away on your skills and pummel the hoards! yay?--Too much magic loot WAY too soon. Meh!I am sure there are more reasons to be down on this game at the moment, but I will add one more positive.POSITIVE--It is early and the game can develop. Hopefully N-Space will continue to patch and update the game in order to keep it relevant.  I have logged a mere 9 hours and have stopped playing for now. I would love to return and try it again when and if it gets better."
76561198091218549,Not Recommended,325600,18656236,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,SQUEEEEEEEEE!,"I grew up on Baldur's Gate. It was a game that put storytelling, dialogue and atmosphere first. The game engine was designed to allow players as much interaction with the world around them as possible, and it was one of the first sandbox style RPG's out.Why am I talking about Baldur's Gate in a review of this game, you ask? Because like in many things, the predecessor sets the standards for new products. If you're talking about D&D isometric party based CRPG's, then Baldur's Gate is the spiritual forefather against which it will be measured. And, like in many things, the expectation is an improvement, evolution, or revisiting of the old formula in such a way that makes it novel or enjoyable.This game does not do any of that. Worst of all, as so many other reviewers have pointed out- it feels ""clunky."" It is somehow LESS intuitive and polished than a game released in 1998 before the age of online patching and constant post-launch revision. There's really no excuse for this. It's just bad development, and putting money in the wrong places.I am sad to be so disappointed. When trying to voice exactly my feeling about this title in one short sentence, I can only say that it feels like a corporate endeavor, without soul. Obsidian Entertainment's Pillars did right all the things that Sword Coast Legends missed.This is the only game I have ever requested a full refund for."
76561198049998150,Recommended,325600,18627968,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,JBSven,"This game is exactly what it said on the tin. Nuff said. Its fun, its difficult and its got an engaging story."
76561198025324446,Not Recommended,325600,18648958,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,FN-2199,"If you're atracted to this game due to it ""being based on D&D"", DO NOT BUY IT. Its character development is pathethic. If you do buy it, make sure to make judgement of it before 2 hours playtime (good luck getting rid of the inumerous bugs before it) so you get a sure refund."
,Not Recommended,325600,19766600,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Isher,"This game is currently in an unfinished state.  Get it on sale if you want it for the future, but the DM tools are lacking almost every feature of what was promised.  The biggest offenders are the lack of branching dialogue for DMs and the lack of ability to actually build a map tile by tile- you have to select a randomized one."
76561198040418236,Not Recommended,325600,20570806,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Grogne-au-vent,"Very disapointed in this game. I was looking forward to a true D&D experience, but the gameplay is more like a Diablo clone with pause feature. Still, I did play a while to give it a chance but I really much prefered the Baldur's Gates series where the D&D pen and paper rules and system were almost directly recreated in the game. No stupid ability tree with cooldown. I want spell book with memorized spells and feats without cooldown timer and think about when and where to make camp to heal and get spells back. I can't even replicate my favorite character in this game because there is no multi-classing. I do regret paying for this game. I will probably continue to play the game, but not as a D&D mind set but rather a a Diablo clone hack & slash set in a D&D universe."
76561197971852059,Not Recommended,325600,18653126,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Jadey,OuchPainfully underwhelming in single player. Can't be bothered to try multiplayer given how bad this is compared with some of the major games out there
,Not Recommended,325600,18663063,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,wuztron,"Don't let the time played fooled you, I've probably spent less time playing the game and more time trying to find a fix for the god awful camera in this game and a way to remap controls that for whatever reason they decided we shouldn't be able to change. For all of it's promise and potential the reality is that this game is nowhere near worth the $40 price of admission. If you're a hardcore fan of D&D this isn't for you. If you're a fan of RPGs...this probably still isn't for you. right now I'm just praying they approve my refund."
76561198018743639,Not Recommended,325600,19826015,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,starcorre,"I was not able to play did not want to GM a game or join someone else's game , Why does it not just play ? I'm not willing to give this game anything but a no for buying since its not playable as a stand alone and i have no idea if it even works."
,Not Recommended,325600,18643689,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Mysto,"I think the user interface looks out of date and it is tiresome to work with, as well as with the camera control. Not what I expect from a game of today. It is even difficult to determine which character is who when faced with dialogue between different characters. The introduction was also not very appealing at all. There are plenty of other good games out there, so I would not recommend this game unless you are a die-hard classic RPG fan."
76561197971125820,Recommended,325600,21723171,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,andycap666,"I got this game on sale and i though I would try it out, when it first came out mix reviews scared me off. I wasn't disappointed great voice acting and an actual story(for a change), and over all a fun loot crawl in the forgotten realms. I understand this game has been through a lot of patches and quite a bit of content has come out since the inital relaese, which wasn't great based on the older reviews, but it has turned into a strong game.  For the price its a great 30-40 story with some great acting and a good setting.  building a chareter with the 5e'ish rules can be unforgiven as there is no way to respec and making  a few levels of bad pc choices means a reroll, a little reading and u can figure out some beast pc's.  I never had to kill x number of boars or go get x number of apples, the quest for the most part advanced  the story with some great dnd stlye puzzles (some right out of old pnp). I cheated and looked up one and felt guilty for doing so, as the clues where right in front of me. I have been a little disapointed with some of the baldurs gate tribute games that have been coming out, that have lacked stroy(no flavor blah blah random name gerator  world), no voice acting (ok bad rusian voice acting ick), and combat that is either stupid easy or insanely hard.  Baldurs gates dnd fans will have fun with this give it a second look like I did and enjoy."
,Recommended,325600,18631128,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,K | Loki,"What can I say? It's great if you participated in the Forgotten Realms universe during its primetime.  The general ambience, such as the public banter and eerie cave structures, are reminiscient of the old Neverwinter Nights.   Every character so far, from the goblin to the demon, is fleshy and very well done (the demon's voice is especially enthralling).  Notice I have said nothing about combat, because while it remains turn-based, and tactical, there is a lot less dice rolling in the background. Character customization is also limited compared to old times, but character aesthetics are at a new time high.  Look fly as you crit a lesser being, and the visuals are hilarious.  One more thing, because the more one describes it without experiencing it, the less the experience is upon arrival - if you enjoyed the subjective morality, the hedonistic nihilism of the general populace at large along the Sword Coast, pleasant side stories that cough up the best gold at the end of the rainbow, and ever observant modern penetrance of today's issues exhibited in previous titles, see you at the docks.  Bring me what I asked for, you plebian."
76561198006870512,Not Recommended,325600,18642319,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Smyrfosaurus,"A big disappointment.  This is not the D&D 5e cRPG we were told it would be.  Half the classes and races, skill trees and cooldowns, no feats, no custom dungeon design just randomly generated from a limited set, no add-on or mod support.  It might shine if you can get five friends together and have one live DM a session using the VOIP tool of your choice, but if you can do that, why aren't you playing actual D&D 5e online?The graphics are ok but not AAA, the single player campaign is ok, but not awesome...I am much disappoint.  Poor show WotC, you fluffed it. And not in the good way."
,Not Recommended,325600,18643590,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Karsnik,"After a short amount of game time I find myself not gripped at all with SCL.  The initial areas seem bland, put together quickly and still very buggy.  The starting areas of games should not be buggy as this is what players first see.The UI is quite horrible and not too responsive.If you are expecting anything like Neverwinter Nights then I dont recommend this game.  It seems a bit more like Dragon Age, but even DA was gripping for a time.  It seems the DM mode aint even too great either as you cannot create your own adventures or areas.All in all best leave this game till its on offer at -90%."
,Not Recommended,325600,18752594,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Bubblygumsworth,"Public modules are full of people playing ""Character Speed Levellers"" or grinding for gold items. No fun.When you do get into a decent module, the loot system is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid and becomes a game where you have to be the first to open chests. ♥♥♥♥tards run through the Dungeon aggroing entire mobs, then lose their♥♥♥♥♥♥after a party wipeout.I've started playing cleric so I can stop healing the ♥♥♥♥wits. Only those who contribute have earned heals.This game has been a waste of money and is a massive letdown.The Digital Deluxe Edition was a total ripoff, the gear you get at the start is easily replaced by better items within the first hour of gameplay."
76561198061433744,Recommended,325600,18978884,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,cobra7fac,"Alright so first off I have a normal laptop this game plays fine. I have to turn video settings way down and load screens can take 15-60 seconds. Otherwise game play is fine even with lots of action going on. Kudos to N-Space for that!I am a vet of BG/BG2/IWD/NW and I consider this just one more in that line up, all good games.The bad things are the lack of play styles allowed, pretty much Warriors need Action Speed and Wizard need Cool Down Reduction items. Some tweaking should fix that, not an entire overhaul.For those of you who are trying to decide, when you look at the negative review, please look at how much play time they have. I almost skipped this game because of it and am glad I went for it."
76561198034348595,Not Recommended,325600,18896695,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Kenyvel,this game is a failure.
,Not Recommended,325600,21502186,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,ajeba,"This is not 5e.  I wan't a 5e game.  just the old gold box games were 2e.  I'm tired of the this attitude from devs and wotc where they re-invent the system as some action rpg and slap d&d on the titleAside from that, I can't finish the story, it's so boring.  There are a couple funny points but it's so effing slow.It doesn't feel epic at all."
,Not Recommended,325600,18628845,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Tyrone Biggums,"I haven't played singlepalyer, so this review is drom a DM perspective.I bought this game to DM with friends, and all of us are seeking refunds. As a DM, the customization that they laud is only on their premade layouts. There is no customization to spaces. As such, players will know the layout of dungeons they have completed as soon as they enter them again. Want to build a big city, with shops and such? Too bad. There are only a few small city layouts. You cannot run skill checks automatically, so pretty much all roleplay will be done outside of game. This means lots of pausing and loss of momentum. I'm just starting to scratch the surface of my issues with this game as an experienced GM.All of this robs the essence of what makes a campaign yours. All you can do is take the cookie-cutter levels they have and change the encounters. This game seems to be purely for combat, and I would agree with the reviewers that say it is lacking.To be fair, the devs say they still have a lot to add. Well, I'm getting a refund as I pay for games, not for promises. Like many of us, I have been burned by promises in the past. Not only that, but these devs really promised a lot and talked this game up so much and many of the statments they made were exaggerations; for example, the limitless ability to customize. This is true, as long as you use their levels, their mobs, their sprites, etc. I call that exaggeration.If this game changes dramatically, I'll likely give it another shot. As is, it is half a game which seems to be rushed out. Absolutely not worth the current $40 price tag as of this review."
76561198066728279,Not Recommended,325600,18629736,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,PastryProducts,"I wish I could provide a more externsive review of the game, however it kepy crashing in the Prologue. The fact that I couldn't save the game, meant I had to replay it many times, only to enjoy more crashes and begin again. That aside, the camera controls were awkward and controlling your hero was pretty annoying. The fact that your heroes auto-used skills and spells felt like there was little need for me to control anyone, and that I was simply there to (try) and tell them where to move, and let them do the rest (which they were more than capable of dealing without me).I asked for a refund on this one, simply because of the controls and constant crashes. Unless the community builds some impressive content after the game is heavily patched, I'd not recommend."
76561197970898746,Not Recommended,325600,18634373,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Tuna,Lots of UI and basic problems that make it terribly frustrating to play. Party control seems to break randomly. Performance issues that slowly build up resembling old school memory leaks. Wish I could get my money back.
76561198088609935,Not Recommended,325600,21039603,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,BravestColour,The campaign customizer and DM mode were not up to even the older game's standard. For all of the hype created for this game it is a bit of a let down. The built in story mode is fun - but the DM mode lacks any sort of features for creativity other than placing small objects and enemies. This is NOT D&D.
,Not Recommended,325600,18633093,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Oculus Grey,"I'm very sad to say I can not recommend this game. Let's strip away the fan portions. As both a lifelong D&D player and long time CRPG fan I find this dissappointing beyond words and will leave it at that. As a game plain and simple.(Note I am not reviewing the online play portion of the game, it may be total awesome sauce, but I was too dissappointed in the rest to try it.)Graphics- 6.5/10. A few neat ideas and a decent amount of detail just don't seem to make up for how clunky and disengaging these graphics are. I remember games from 10+ years ago that felt more immersive than this.Controls- 4/10. They figured out game controls years ago, why is this still a struggle? the ability to pause combat is the only saving grace here. It feels like they tried to blend the CRPG style with WoW or some other MMORPG type game. the result is unwieldy and distracts from the gameplay.Gameplay Story- 3/10. I'm sorry but ....Lame.... The writing is terrible. I felt like instead of having a character I was pushing a none too bright NPC around and listening to stilted middle school drama club dialog.Gameplay Tactical- 6/10- There seemed to be some balancing issues. A lot of time spent running to res other characters and no real way to control to flow of combat short of micromanaging every character. That gets old quick.DM tools- 8/10- This was interesting, and I really wish the game had more saving graces so that I coould see what comes of this portion of it. Unfortunately not worth it.All in all a grave dissappontment, I requested a first time ever refund. I really hope that the dev team turns around and revamps this mess, but I won't hold my breath."
76561198074412332,Not Recommended,325600,18634090,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,DREADMOOR,SAVE YOUR MONEY...Dungeons and Dragons is a turn based game built on tactics.  They could have learned something from the Shadowrun Chronicals combat.  Stop making other editons and make the game the way it was made to be played.  TURN BASED...
76561198044803765,Not Recommended,325600,21210059,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,ChopShop,"SAVE YOUR MONEY!!! This game is garbage. It's NOT fun! Unless... You enjoy chasing your character around with the camera and listening to loong boring conversations with NPC's that you can't skip. Clunky, un-intuitive controls (Q turns the camera to the right and E turns it to the left? wut?) Don't even get me started on the dungeon editing, you can't even rotate objects, you have to rotate the screen, then choose the object, and if it is off by a few degree's you must rotate the screen some more and rechoose the object. (if theres another way, I never found it, I fell that wasting 2hrs of my life on this crap was already too much). You have to use pre-created backgrounds, and there are only a handful of diferent objects you can place. It's really strange. Bah, I don't even know why I'm wasting my time writing this review."
,Recommended,325600,19538937,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Bill Asshat,"Finally I get to play an isometric D&D CRPG that is fun. If you are really attached to the infinity engine games, you might hate it. But if you like fun games instead, you'll probably like it."
76561198007041040,Recommended,325600,19736812,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Arthearius,"It's taken me a while until I felt I could review the game and with the latest community pack and a December one on the horizon I am ready:It's not a perfect game but what it's attempting to do is not something that's been done before.  This is not Divinity: Original Sin or other similar cRPG games. While it has a nice single player campaign the beauty of this game is in the user-created content. The creation tools are designed to bring the non-coders into the creation community.  you have a simple user interface rather than scripts and code to stare at.If you have ever dreamed of playing D&D over the net with friends, telling a cRPG story and sharing it with others or just having new often updated content to delve into this game is right for you.Give it a shot, I think you'll like it!"
76561198009985871,Recommended,325600,19584094,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,TacTix,"I enjoy it, I'm not a pnp d&d player though. It's been a ton of fun with my friends so far, even though we're only maybe 4-5 hours into it. Watch some lets plays and make your mind up, steer clear of the reviews here as there are a lot of folks who are angry because it's not d&d perfectly recreated into a video game."
76561198003481674,Recommended,325600,19753874,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Gojosin,"Alright, so, I was upset at the start when it was not Neverwinter Nights with better graphics and using 5e.  I admit it.  But after a lot of time settling down, the game isn't bad for what it is.  Hell, I'd actually say it's good.  And the Devs have scheduled out a lot of free updates and all which will help get it closer to the NWN feel that many people thought they were saying it was.So, yea, the Devs actually provided what they said, and it's a pretty fun game.  Give it a try if you see this during the free weekend, make your own opinion."
76561198030733406,Recommended,325600,18580481,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Hans CakeStealer,"Reviews are silly its exactly like every isometric rpg you've ever played perhaps better, its nothing like DIablo this takes some thought that game takes a mouse button.  Graphics feel a few years old but its hardly the reason you play a game with a great story."
76561198050316104,Not Recommended,325600,19697404,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,mblogic,"without the D&D ip, it would be a really forgettable game. bugs (like restarting pc) are a ""plus"". how long till a good D&D game?"
76561198013674073,Not Recommended,325600,19788910,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Sedelf,"praise the refund featureedit to answer ""well why the heck did you refund it?""Well, really, it's not a bad game. I just got bored with it in the first hour (which I guess makes it a bad game because if it was a good game it would of kept me hooked?). Don't know if it was just because game didn't hook me story wise (according to friend who actually beat the game the story's not bad) or if I just wasn't feeling in the mood for the game mechanically (it has solid gameplay, don't get me wrong). But hey! If I got bored within the first hour for no explainable reason... It could happen to you! Hence the not recommended."
,Recommended,325600,19815541,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,jrworden33,This is alot of fun.
76561198009950877,Recommended,325600,19929790,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Shallowfoot,Played it on the free weekend and thought it was a pretty solid replayable dungeon crawler. This is not your typical dungeon crawler. This is more of a throw back to the old school hack pause slash. This game has alot of good features and I hope it continues to grow. Thumbs up!
76561197998675485,Recommended,325600,19997066,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,d7m disney,"Like it, I't's a great revisit to the old D&D world. Nice co-op. Love the DM option."
,Not Recommended,325600,18712379,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Vadanta,Got my money back. :( unfortunately the game has disappointed me.
76561198009421252,Recommended,325600,23147913,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Scalin,"How can people not like this game, Loving it."
76561197993372072,Recommended,325600,18647797,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,[RR]RlyGreatPizza,"Despite all the negative reviews, I love this game.  It is certainly far from complete, but the Dev's are actively listening to the community and making changes as best they can.  I feel they are well on their way to making the first truly successful D&D video game.  I love the ability to tell stories, even if I have to do a lot of work on my end to make things happen as I envision.  Once full tile by tile map creation is added I feel a lot of the creation woes will be lifted for some time.If you are concerned about the amount of negative reviews about this game and really would like to see what it's like because you enjoy D&D, I recommend giving it a shot.  You may notice the negatives are largely from people who have played less than 2 or sometimes 1 hour.  Those who seem to enjoy it have spent some time to really see this game accomplishes quite a bit, and has potential to be absolutely stellar."
76561198203374400,Not Recommended,325600,18716737,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,hebb1967,"I would have to say, if pressed, that I cannot recommend this game. It seems like it is a strange, lesser,  hybrid of Diable and Dungeon Siege.I was hoping for another Baldur's Gate/Neverwinter Nights type with expansive storyline and world. Not. Not at all.  Nothing at all like them, so please don't go into the game expecting anything similar.1. Skill trees. What is this? And why don't core class skills progress automatically?2. Classes. All the classes can do a little of everything. Not having played D&D in a number of years (I stopped when it bacme too  Manga-ish), I can't say if this is true to current D&D, but I don't like it.3. Clunky. Lots of running around, and waiting for a screen to load. And not a lot happening in the different areas.4. Character control.  More options are needed. (Ala Dungeon Siege) Stand around or attack indiscriminately. (And yes, I know you can cycle and choose an action, but I liked the scripts as in Baldur's Gate and Dragon Age)The stoyline seems alright. The scenery/graphics are only so so. I guess, I was expecting something different, and better, than what it is."
,Not Recommended,325600,18716788,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Etheniell,"It is ok.It however seems like it was rushed :/, which it was pity.What it really needs is a lot of bugfixes, and reworked loot, because to be honest, there are not that many affixes, and it seems like rarity does not really make any difference. Green weapon of same type has same damage as blue one for example, and also there does not seem to be many affixes at all.Also weapon types should have some specific abilities - they do not. I see no reason to pick spear with lower damage than two handed sword with higher, both are two handed. Please fix this."
76561198012084418,Not Recommended,325600,18721329,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Dubleidd,"Even if you are not expecting a ""Neverwinter Nights"" successor, it is still a disappointment.Pros:graphicsmusic/voice actingroom for player created add-onsCons:combat systemclass systemfeels incompleteI will admit that what I really wanted was a Neverwinter Nights 3, and this caused unrealistic expectations for Sword Coast Legends (SCL). I have spent the last week trying to play the game for what it is, and have still found it lacking. The combat system is weak, it doesn't challenge you tactically but instead on how fast you can cool down your abilities and click them. I never feel like an enemy needs to be out smarted, and tough fights don't give a high sense of accomplishment. SCL's class system looks like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ization of D&D and Dragon Age 2, but it lacks the focus of DA2 and the adaptability and scope of D&D. You are locked into a class from the start, and the ""feats” and ""spells"" are in the form of ability trees. This circumcised the creativity of character creation and stunted the adaptability of party roles. There are things that are missing, like playable races and classes and weapon types, which are certain to be added later. This is great, but I think that they will need to be purchased, and that would suck. It wouldn't be as much as con if SCL didn't make the lack of these things so obvious."
76561198048756730,Not Recommended,325600,18735218,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,mphintz2,"I don't know what this is, but it's not 5th Edition D&D. The DMing experience could have been fun if the entire game wasn't so completely combat focused. Even to the extent that it was passable, it's impossible to find people to play with unless you already know 4 others with the game.I really wanted to like this, but it's a pretty big disappointment."
76561197970534480,Not Recommended,325600,19764907,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,acwellan1,"Game does not load.Drivers updated, my pc can handle the requirements but all I get, following the intro,  is a black screen, I cannot get to character creation.No error message just the black screen of death and the eventual message ""***&&& is not responding"" What a waste of money. This appears to be  a common problem.The game may be good, it may be bad but to release a game that does not startup and has so many problems is a travesty."
76561198020729502,Not Recommended,325600,20967925,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Izmeiah,"This game barely follows it's source material. If you're looking for something true to DnD 5e, do not look here."
,Recommended,325600,18645836,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,kaptainkommie,"Definitely has some flaws, but hopefuly the developer will fix these in the future. The gameplay style is somewhere beween the arcadey nature of Diablo and the tactical nature of say, Pillars of Eternity or Baldur's Gate."
76561197983285715,Not Recommended,325600,18647128,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,VECKT0R,"The game is a weak mix of Diablo and D&D with mild characters and a slow plot, not egregious in any sense. The DM module is where the real crime is. At best a kiddies first DM module, any player with more than 15 minutes to kill will find this tool set extremely limited. The Areas are just copy pastes of the areas from the story and all of the dungeons can only be edited with slide menues and the RNG. Complete waste of time to build an interesting story of your own. How the devs managed to make one using these tools is beyond me."
,Recommended,325600,19320792,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Sufferin' Pup,"I just finished the campaign for this game on Hard, and it was an excellent experience throughout. Great tactical combat, great character progression, very interesting and fairly unique story to pull you along. Just know what you are getting into here - it is hack and slash, all about combat and leveling up. If playing a D&D character from level 1 to 20, getting awesome loot and killing pretty much every monster in the Monster Manual appeals to you, then don't hesitate."
76561198097498711,Not Recommended,325600,20813052,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Scarab,"h1] Well, that was.. not exactly Legendary.[/h1]As of NOW I do not reccomend this game BUT I would like to note that it does have a lot of potential, I can see why others enjoy it, and I hope the flaws which made it so difficult for me to play can be worked out. I am hesitant to vote this game as not-recommended. (I'm usually reluctant do this for anything less than game breaking bugs or glaring flaws.) As a fan of Baldur's Gate, I greatly anticipated a return to the Sword Coast. But... this game is not the best one I played in 2015.I've played only a few hours - not enough for a comprehensive review, but I have no desire to play more. I'm in no way qualified to comment on gaming principles ether, but Legends feels like it has a lot of potential highs it never quite reaches. It doesn't feel complete. I genuinely believe the creators are trying to make the best experience possible. I just don't think it was executed.My primary experience has been multiplayer -we found gameplay tedious and unengaging. Granted, my friend and I were still coming down from the 70+ hour high that was Divinity: Original Sin, so our expectations for a similar game may have been unusually high. But when the two of us play together, as we do often, one another's company usually makes a less enthralling game entertaining for us. Not so with Legends.We were particularly frustrated by combat. I remember that frequent-pause-and-arrange-your-characters-gameplay in Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale. That was acceptable -indeed, expected- from such fast paced games, but from a Multiplayer perspective it doesn't work well. There is nothing more frustrating than having more than one person in control of the pause button at the same time.GM-Mode, allowing you to create dungeons, does not seem comprehensively executed as it could've. It doesn't offer as much freedom as I believe the game initially implied. The storyline lacked the catchy opening of the original Baldur's Gate, and while it worked as a general framework for Story Mode, it felt boring. At first I assumed this was because obviously, the game was intended for multiplayer -there's only so much you can do, story wise, in that sense. So obviously the story was more basic, and they probably wanted to focus a lot on GM Mode... Except that seems underwhelming too. A great ideas, but not as fulfilling as I'd hoped. So where exactly was all the effort going? It must have been on the appearance which is the games saving grace - it looks very nice, even on lower resolution. However I was plagued by a bug -which I hear is known of and is being taken care of- wherein the game refuses to leave windowed mode and I cannot see half of my menus.My own lack of investment bewildered me - after all, this was the Sword Coast, my origin story for the world of RPG's. Surely I felt that? Perhaps I did. It LOOKED like the Sword Coast, but it didn't feel like it. Perhaps that's my fault for anticipating so much.I bought this game on sale, and while I do not feel particularly spited out of the fifteen pounds I paid, I can imagine people who paid the more substantial full-price feeling a lot more cheated."
76561197970827337,Recommended,325600,18651192,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,buster hymen,Digit you will !
,Not Recommended,325600,18756927,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Korwiin,"Overall the game is lacking compared to many of its predecessors and peers on the market.   The game interface is not intuitive, feels like it was rushed and not well curated by team that developed it.   When in multiplayer, any player initiating a dialogue with an NPC begins a cut scene where that one player is in control of the responses while the rest of the players are forced to watch.    When friends join your party and displace a NPC group member, they is no control of which NPC gets bumped and which stays... forcing everyone to log out and relogin to get the NPC you need back into the party.The graphics are not that great, nor performance optimized.  The game works my video card really hard, driving the temp up and causing fans to run at full speed.This game also has no progress integirty.  Obtaining levels and gear is as easy as taking your character into a custom one room module designed to grant your character levels and loot at startup, repeating several times, and then resuming your storyline with power leveled character."
76561198136581388,Recommended,325600,19520081,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Zapajo,"A must have for D&D fans, or any hack and slash gamer.  Story mode is in-depth and contains alot of unique items to tweek the classes gear even more. i.e +healing boots,cape, and armor. Only using the boots so far because the cooldown reduction on the current armor and cape make PoH a 24 second cd."
76561198113084478,Not Recommended,325600,18667473,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Livforpeeps,"This game was not what I had hoped it to be. I spent 2 hours and I felt like I gave this game a fair shot. The game got annoying when I would click to move and my person would say something along the lines of 'Got it!' or 'Moving there now!' I didn't feel the RPG part of the game and the only thing that represented DnD to me, was the character sheet. Had more fun in the Character creation."
,Not Recommended,325600,18756660,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Sasquatch,"More than anything, I wanted to enjoy this. I really really did. I pre purchased, it released, and within 2 days I was left flat.A poor intepretation of the 5th edition rules. Its bad enough they used skill trees, but these skill trees are particularly unsatisfying.Monsters? They scale with your level. Expect to trounce Liches at level 3 and struggle with Ooozes at level 20.Combat : Actually not too bad. Its cooldown based (BIG cooldowns, use some abilities once every 2 minutes) but it does have that ""Time stufff well to win"" thing going on, soft of.Multiplayer : Not bad, but the entire experience was ruined for me by monster scaling. Oh, and loot isnt individualised nor is there any sort of need/greed mechanic. Expect to be ninjad by its oh-so-generous community.Overall, Im thinking a 5/10. Pass at best. Worth $40? Not if it was me."
,Not Recommended,325600,21039587,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,CrackedSENPAI,Should have been better
,Not Recommended,325600,18632016,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,LTheMagicman,They turned D&D into Diablo...It is dungeons and dragons with no dragons. How are you going to make a D&D game with no dragons?
76561197997875220,Not Recommended,325600,18632898,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Asashoryu,"Requested a refund.I came expecting something like NWN, and found it more like Diablo... only not fun.  It's an aRPG (sorta) based on 5e DND rules.  If they had never mentioned using DND as a starting point, and if they had never drawn comparisons to NWN due to the DMing aspect, Sword Coast Legends might have been received as a slightly overpriced, but otherwise ok game.  As it stands, only a fool would choose this game over Pillars of Eternity."
76561197974263317,Not Recommended,325600,18632931,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Winged Kitsune,"Keep in  mind, I only played 1.2 hours of this game, and I was STUPID enough to pre-purchase the Digital Deluxe edition.Right off the bat at the very beginning of the game, there is a quest onvolving a dog, and you choose whether it lives or dies.  However, the options for this quest, involve Wisdom, Strength or Charisma.  Now, in your party if you're playing offline, you have a character in your party with 19 strength...AND IT DOESN'T MATTER!You would think a character with 19 strength would easily get the truth out of this guy so you can save the dog, but again, IT DOESN'T MATTER as it appears this quest is either bugged or broken!  I wish I had my money back on this game.  Another thing is this game is extremely dull and boring.  The combat is not very good and is boring.My opinion is to save your money for a more deserving game."
,Not Recommended,325600,21514472,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Bipidybipidybipidybipidyboo,"Can't make a monk :( </3Seriously though, good first impressions when I started the game. Interesting beginning but the game really lost me. Combat felt less and less satisfying as you find more and more overpowered gear. Could never bring myself to finish the game... it's taken me several sessions since the launch date but I just wind up shutting in off.....And I havn't even TOUCHED the DM tools.......God I miss you NWN"
76561198039300211,Not Recommended,325600,18728515,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Anonymous,"Okay, I'm not the complaining type. I can't say this game is good or bad. Wait, yes I can, its on the bad side.Graphics arent close to trailers. Theres skill trees. OMG, AD&D doesnt have skill trees  Thats so wrong.Theres a party wide inventory system that is just kind of ........ what? Players inventory should be dictated and really be limited by strength. You cant carry it, you cant have it.Sigh, I dont know. I'm trying to get into it. It doesnt feel like AD&D. Doesnt even feel like diablo and dungeon siege was better."
,Not Recommended,325600,23370535,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Iskukip,"Sword Coast Legends, worth playing?Firstly, I'm not a D'n'D player, so you won't hear about how they butchered whatever edition this is emulating, to keep this review short is trying to be two things.This game is stuck between the action clicker diablo and trying also trying to be Buldars gate, these two games go about as well together as chalk and cheese, or fire and puppies. (triggered)the game in my opinion tries to be fast paced like Diablo with its instant abilities and cooldowns, while also having a pause function for strategy that doesnt work in this game like it did in buldars gate.My solution is be one or the other, the combat suffers greatly, it being boring and tedious waiting for your ability to cool down.Story - I played 6 hours into the story and I don't remember one character, one place or any moment of significance, but you could pick any other ""DnD"" game and I could pick out 5 different places, moments and characters all within that first 6 hours, so yeah, bad.4/10"
76561198002558705,Recommended,325600,24384948,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,nawn,"A True Masterpiece.As a die hard fan of all things D&D; this is the greatest release yet. I was skeptical on release because of the mixed reviews on steam; however, for the same reason Trump has so many supporters, i decided to forget about all the crying and see for myself what the game was about. I don't wan't to spoil anything, but if you come from the Baldur's Gate or Icewind Dale series: this is a must have."
,Recommended,325600,19808644,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Lynx,"This is D&D in the form of a CRPG, complete with the ability to make your own campaigns and have a DM either help or hinder the players. Play with friends over VOIP for the optimal experience.Visually the game uses a stylized aesthetic which I personally find unappealing, but solid gameplay mechanics make up for it."
76561197989741798,Recommended,325600,18720854,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Bytor,"I've only played a few hours, but I'm fairly impressed.  Good story lines.  Lots of classic D&D game elements.  I'm definately a fan of the space bar to pause while you make tactical decisions.I wouldn't say it's great but it's pretty good.  I happen to be one of the old D&D players that cut my teeth on the Gold Box 5 1/4"" floppy no hard drive computers!  Brings back memories for sure.I'd give it a 7 out of 10.  Haven't experimented with the DM sandbox yet, but the idea of teaming up with friends for a good old fashioned D&D session sounds pretty cool!"
76561198007213323,Not Recommended,325600,18723919,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Bluntseeker,"There were some terrible design decisions that really ruined this game.  First and foremost was the decision to load a cut scene every time you interact with an NPC.  It makes the game sluggish and tedious as you have to interact with multiple NPCs to get quests and to complete them.  The camera controls are also poor, not allowing edge paning to rotate the camera and instead forcing the player to right click and drag to rotate is clumsy and awkward.  This is made worse by the fact that when your character is moving right click-holding to rotate the camera fails about half the time, and just oprating the camera is a frustrating experience.  Also, the camera bouncing around to your hirelings in single player mode is a big pain, as is having to double click your character's portrait to fix it.  My character should ALWAYS be the one the camera is focused on.A quick note about the graphics, I would describe their look as ""primative."" Ddespite the graphics looking like they came from a game made 10 to 15 years ago, the load times between areas somehow manage to be annoyingly long, particularely when added to the rediculous loading of cutscenes every time you talk to someone.All in all the gameplay is very slow moving, not because the story or the actual gameplay is a problem, but because they did a bad job on the camera controls and added a bunch of artificial waiting with the cutscenes that need to be loaded for every conversation.  By the time I got even a little bit into the game to be able to make an informed evaluation the slow pace ensured that I was already over the 2 hour limit on steam to get a refund.  I would rate my experience with this game as a 1 out of 10."
76561198028367465,Not Recommended,325600,18737047,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,MrStitch,"I'm giving this a thumbs up for the moment cause the game has a good foundation to build on, but the developers are going to have to provide some serious support to really get this thing off the ground... like, Blizzard level support.The base story line is going ok, but right away you get four characters to control so battle gets a little hectic. I wish it would ease you into it a little. After a while, you get used to it (use Pause often).I see some people are relating this to Diablo. That's not even remotely close. Those reviews should be deleted. The gameplay is more like Boulders Gate.Pro's -Make your own dungeon/adventure. I haven't played a game that allows sharing of these, but it's pretty cool, yet DOES have some problems (see below).Download community made modules. I've downloaded a few and so far so good.DM Mode allows you to play the other side of things! I haven't had a chance to play this yet (not many people on, probably from bad reviews), but i think this is a pretty awesome feature. Can't wait to finally line something up.Graphics are 'ok'Con's -Making your own dungeon has serious problems and really quirky. Every dungeon is randomized and you can NOT add or remove rooms. You can't add specific treasure. The story line creation is a tad 'clunky'. The monsters you pick from are from Tile Sets, meaning you have a group of different kind of Undead to pick from (skeletons, sword and sheild skeletons, gouls, etc), or bandits, or whatever. D&D is famously known for their Monster Manual's, yet they literally went out of their way to avoid that kind of layout at all costs. Oh... and you can't pick a dragon! How the hell do you make a Dungeons and Dragons game, and can't drop in a dragon?I've never seen an inventory system and layout this bad since, well... ever. It's literally the laziest creation in the history of gaming. It's so bad, that i would consider this flat out broken.I'm not sure if it's just me, but the balance in gameplay is off pretty bad. If you make a wizard, don't attempt solo. You won't make it past the first room. In all fairness, i think most games have this issue to some degree, but this is pretty bad. In fact, the more i think about it, i'm certain nobody play tested this game.In the end, it looks like the developer has two possible paths to take - Either  they A) start throwing support at this and make it a huge success, or B) they turn this into some sort of DLC cash cow, where pay for modules/content (like farking dragons).Given that the inventory and balance system is SO bad, i'm starting to think this game was made solely to be a cash cow DLC platform. To heck with it, i'm changing it to a Thumbs DOWN."
76561198061160230,Not Recommended,325600,18821806,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Odhinx,This game does not use D&D core rules. I saw today Windows Blue Screen of Death... I am not happy after the hype this game created for me.
76561198093967273,Recommended,325600,19242220,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,CrescentMoonGuardian,If you have ever played neverwinter nights then you will love this game. Play style and controles are almost exactly the same as in neverwinter nights.
76561198110406395,Recommended,325600,19903680,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Terrence_World,This game really fun. If you like rpg game and the ablity to play a D&D game without having to imagine everything I reccomemed this game. It is missing a super detailed character costuimiztion but you rarley see your heros face so it does not really matter. It has ton of loot to look for to get gear that you character needs to be good. I would say it could use some more classes but with the classes it does has it uses them prety well. Its has a good story and good voice acting for the game that it is. I had watched several different reviews of the game before I bought it and I was not dissapponited. I think that the game has a lot of potintioal to be better and they have already added two new community packs and I believe that they are planning to add more so they are most likely using the feedback from the players to see what they could do better. In the end what really makes any game fun is if you like that genre and if you are the type of gamer the game is made for.
76561198188842311,Not Recommended,325600,20116255,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Stephonego,"I love RPGs, that is actually what got me into video games to begin with, so when I found a social gaming opportunity for my computer I was stoked.I still think the game would be fun, I still want to play it. BUT: I can't because I am recieving no help from Steam to fix my issue. Nearing the end of the mandatory updates, which I must endure in order to even open the game, I recieve a message stating that there has been a disk read error. I've tried everything on their support, even tried to contact their support, but I've had no help at all. I can't recomend this game until I've been permitted to actually play it, so as it stands, I do not advise the purchase of this game through this company."
,Recommended,325600,21714378,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,MarleVVLL,"Y'know, I have to admit I was a little disappointed in the intial launch experience of the game. I suppose I was expecting something more akin to NWN series instead of a more action-oriented and causal game (they *did* advertise it as a D&D based game with influences from DA:O, which isn't wrong, though arguably a bit misleading). However, with that said, I think the game does deserve a positive review. I think someone who enjoys action based RPG games would enjoy it, and the developers are throwing in free updates. That's legit.Get the game to at least try it out."
,Recommended,325600,21990809,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,GHostLPs,"Preface:I'm looking at this as the game it is, not something that I wished was Neverwinter Nights 3. It seems a lot of people jumped into this hoping it would be a true-to-tabletop experience along the vein of Neverwinter Nights. I jumped into this figuring it was going to be more along the lines of Baldur's Gate: Dark Alliance. It isverymuch the latter and if you're looking for the former, I would recommend going elsewhere. I should also mention that my low playtime is due to the majority of my time being spent in pre-release versions of the game. That said:If you're looking for a decent multiplayer D&D-themed dungeon crawler, you can certainly do much, much worse than this.From a player's perspective, the game is pretty straight forward in that you pick a race, pick a class, and then get to killing things. There are what I would consider a more than reasonable number of ways to customize your character both mechanically and in how they look. Combat (which the game is focused around) is real-time, but can be paused at a whim and you are capable of bringing in AI-controlled NPCs to fill in gaps in your party should you not have enough real players to fill it. Gear progression is what I would consider 'okay;' there could certainly be some more interesting gear choices.From a DM's perspective, I think the game is very solid. The ability to put together adventures for your friends is fun, if limited at the time of this writing, and watching them struggle through your dungeons is a blast. I certainly feel that the DM tools could use some work, though. There are a lot of good starts presented, but they need to be expanded upon (the conversation system comes immediately to mind with its inability to make anything resembling a decent dialogue beyond ""Here's a quest. Accept/decline?""Overall, I've found this a fun game to play on my own time and a blast to play with friends. As I mentioned above, if you're expecting a more accurate tabletop representation of D&D, you're going to be disappointed. However, if you just want to run around killing things with friends in a D&D-themed universe, you'll have a good time, I think."
76561198318589754,Recommended,325600,24588401,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,thestarwarrior,great game i am on my 3rd run though great story great graphics combat runs fine great game over all
76561197968615426,Recommended,325600,29171906,Posted: 10 January,all,Grey,"Visited family, left game on for the weekend like an imbecile.Couldn't get refund.10/10 would cry again."
,Recommended,325600,19244712,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Suddenly Light,"The game's DM Mode might be alittle lacking, but the single player game is immersive and fun- it reminds me of a cross between Dragon Age and Diablo, the characters are well-written, the story is reasonably compelling, and the game is shaping up to get better in the near future, i totally recommend."
76561198026912876,Not Recommended,325600,19531080,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Ripfin,"Well this game was close to a thumbs up, for modern gaming loading screens during each and every npc chat pushes me away from spending  time to find lore and injoy the personality of the game. couple small tweaks can make this a very injoyable game, but intead they are making content packs. i much rather a smoother injoyable game then packed in content as now this game is collecting digital dust and company is on no buy list."
,Recommended,325600,19817565,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Miss Trouble,"At first, I found the controls very, very awkward and annoying, but after I set everything the way I like and got used to it, it's a good game. I'm only a bit sad there isn't much way to personnalize the character appearance (yeah, such a girl comment!).But overall, I do believe it's worth a go and I'm eager to see more in the future. Also, Chris Perkins is soooo evil for bringing me here. *sigh* I'm too much of a fangirl."
76561198054489792,Recommended,325600,19885908,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,ctmorg,"This is a absolutely great single player game. Really enjoying it. As far as multi player goes, you will need 4 players, any less and it become to hard to switch between players without the pause of single player, and having less than 4 people will be less than desired.So great Game, I look forward to my mates installing the bonus keys from the deluxe edition I brought, so we can get some real gaming going."
76561198073577819,Recommended,325600,22227674,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,hellionpi,Love the game and all it's opptions to customise it
76561198056842200,Recommended,325600,23896333,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Nekouda,I dont know why there is so much poor reviews for this game seems great to me
76561198057313386,Recommended,325600,24683082,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,woodyrtw,"not bad, its growing on me the more i play"
76561198026569841,Recommended,325600,18701906,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,liveundead122,"Fantastic. The gameplay mechanics are not quite perfect, though the storyline, style, and forgotten realms setting make up for it. The dungeon master system is beautiful for anyone who has played D&D. this system allows players to enjoy a session (long or short term) with friends accross great distances. Though it doesent quite give you the full potential for role playing, it certainly allows a DM to put players through a creative and enjoyable experiance."
76561198093430312,Recommended,325600,19887335,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,El Uno Gordo,i Decided that i wouldn't listen to all the reviews and make my own decision. i really like it granted i haven't played much yet but as far as i have played i enjoy it. if you go in with an open mindset and dont think you are going to play table D&D you will enjoy it.
,Recommended,325600,19921461,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,G4MERGE3K,"I would recommend this game for all those D&D fans, the Diablo fans, and every fan of this genre! The game has great gameplay and if you can adapt to the upside down view like in the game of Diablo this will be absolutely awesome. you can play 1-4 players CO-OP or play 5 players in a dungeon crawler with a DM (Dungeon Master, some will also call it a Game Master). You are also able to create your own campaign with quests, characters, shops etc. the game gives you a lot of freedom, even though you need to do the campaign missions to unlock locations of your map, but dont you worry, the campaign is great and if you listen to/read the dialoge it will add a bit extra to the game. I would also recommend you to take every quest you come by, it will help you with gold and experience, because potions are very helpfull to have and you may find it hard to level up after level 5 but i think the developers have done such a good job with the stat/abillity system that it makes up for it. 9/10 from me as i cant get used to the view."
76561198062651021,Not Recommended,325600,23293011,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,lukas711,I feels realy lame and not much like Dungeons and Dragons or Dragon Age
,Not Recommended,325600,24504736,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Ishimaru Masato,"Crashes, more crashes and even more crashes, also if i would like to recommend you this game i can't -.-"
76561198288737855,Recommended,325600,24644232,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,ChibaPet,"Just getting into the game, but it's really beautiful and while I'm still getting used to the controls, it's a thorough pleasure so far. I'll update this as I get more time in."
,Recommended,325600,25499270,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,mlenart000,"As a game, its not terrible, as a D&D game, its a travesty.  I will give it a thumbs up just because its $20 now and its not horrible of a game.  The big issue I have now is that no one is online to play it.  I don't really want to play it solo since if I'm playing a solo game I'll play something like Pillars of eternity or something with deeper gameplay and lore."
76561198030068515,Not Recommended,325600,26056160,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,okain,"the game dont work sadly just 4 min in game client i get trouble finding out how to fix resolution problem, and when in the game i walk around starting area and then the game crashes, do not buy this silly attempt of a game"
76561197992336230,Recommended,325600,19818249,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Case the Space,would be fun to play as a group
76561198019642412,Not Recommended,325600,20069775,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Iowyn,"Woh. 4 hours of lost progress, becuase the game lost the ability to save!?!That... that's a pretty big bug to have in any release on any game.The unability to save progress actually makes this game uplayable."
76561197998431309,Not Recommended,325600,20197057,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,stingme2375,game keeps closing on me...keeps crashing.   good game when i get to play it
76561198043771293,Recommended,325600,19769685,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Simm,I demand a patch to fix the overwhelming number of problems this game has.I want this game to work so I can play it. having to set all graphical settings to low or off is not acceptable.Have characters glitch while peforming charge atrack is anger inducing.I only recommend this after it has been patched.
,Not Recommended,325600,24877664,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Leg Racer,Kinda just a broken game
76561198067740147,Not Recommended,325600,18690472,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Scutch1980,If I had to give this game a rating from 1 to 10 I'd give it a 5.  There's a bunch of things about this game that I like and hate at the same time.  I is a very close representation of D&D style combat but there are times when you need that turn based aspect of the table top.  The controls can feel clunky and non responcive at times.  Creating a character is cool as long as all you want to make is a human cause that's all you got.   You can see Teiflings in the game but ♥♥♥♥ you no you can't make one cause ♥♥♥♥ you that's why!!  I am more than a little mad I can't make Orcs or any beast races.  I guess that'll get patched in with DLC in a few Months / Years or so.I would recommend this game to people as long as they have people to play it with.  I haven't played with random people yet but no matter who you play with get ready for a pretty unforgiving combat system.  Most classes other than Fighters get super murdered if you're not careful.  With a little patching this game could be great but right now as it stands it needs a little something.  It's diffenently not worth $40.  If you catch this game 50% off it might be worth it.
76561198015639455,Not Recommended,325600,18690646,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,MetalRain,No goodasked for refund and got it .thanks SteamWould refund again10/10
76561198039621897,Not Recommended,325600,19242045,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Piggietoe,"Not even close to being on par with games such as Pillars of Eternity. Wait until it is on sale and maybe buy it but as of the current status of the game, not worth it. Fair rating."
76561198257232426,Recommended,325600,20387631,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Thelonious,"Enjoy what it is, not get hung up on how comes. Let it wash over you like warm chocolate milk...***Beware the High Elf Paladin Rindartis; he was in a bad mood earlier today when I saw him leaving The Cutlass. He was going on and on about some annoying mage, known simply as The Son of...Yup, was thinking the same damn thing..."
76561198145876335,Recommended,325600,25595832,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,MR_Wizard,"Sword coast is amazing, the warlock class is open if you build it right (figure it out experiment with different builds!) I've gotten to God mode, I did a hard dungeon crawl with the boss being a death tyrant and only came close to dying once. Free expansions, what?!?! Rage of demons is a free expansion, albeit I haven't finished it yet, but I've enjoyed meeting the famous drowning with a heart of gold and two scimitar.As is I'd give this game 4 +3 swords outta 5!Happy crawling!!!"
76561197973167560,Not Recommended,325600,18671910,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Fliggi,"Very disappointing!Granted, I only play for 90 minutes, but that was due to the fact that i really wanted to use the refund option after that time.I really wanted to like this game, but it is just not worth my time or money.- ressources hog while only sporting mediocre graphics- clumsy interface and controls- several glitches and bug in the first 90 minutes- exaggerated voice acting becomes annoying after an hour- inconsistent conrols/bad implementation of mechanics for controlling your charactersseriously, get divinity os enhanced edition or pillars of eternity. this one is not worth it and doesn't do the glorious time of baldurs gate and neverwinter justice."
76561198016986524,Not Recommended,325600,18677710,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,tomgielty,A tired early 2000's MMPORG dressed up as a D&D game. Fails on every front.
76561198072347541,Recommended,325600,19814442,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Toilet Brush,"Thought it was alot of fun, the loading screens have descriptions of the zones and reminds me of a d&d DM descriptions as you move through the dungeons."
76561198038179266,Recommended,325600,23968391,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Dudicious,Good game.
,Not Recommended,325600,18668193,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Drka,Really slow Grindy i can see ehow it could be fun just not for me.
76561198019387304,Not Recommended,325600,23199925,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,anduril4,"Game it glitched. Constantly crashes, not worth the effort from the little I've managed to play so far"
,Not Recommended,325600,23335659,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Archpoet,"Seems like it had some promise at one point, but given the amount of mixed reviews: I\'m guessing things have gone a little downhill.0/10 for Failure to Add Bard in a timely fashion/at all.The annals of history will not remember this with fondness."
76561198006015339,Recommended,325600,23847500,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,RedFang,"Fun game, good voice acting and quest writing."
76561197965517905,Not Recommended,325600,18691040,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Hellflinger,"Sword coast legends has the gameplay of diablo in the dnd universe. As compared to diablo, SCL doesnt have a crafting system, has less-complicated mechanics and has signifigantly less gamplay time to name a few areas it falls short. Basic control leaves something to be desired as well, as the only way to move character's is 'move to mouse click'.From what I've played the campaign is straight adventure, with the main npcs talking through stones if they aren't currently in your party, which works suprisingly well. On the other hand, if you find somone annoying, you can't 'put them away'. There aren't puzzles to speak of, and the secrets are easily found by havving the spot ability upgraded. The campaign is solid, but isn't worth the $40 asking price alone, there's DM mode.Before we talk about DM mode, let hit the dungeon crawls. The Dungeon mose allows you to quickly pick a tileset, up to two types of enemies to occupy that tileset that vary in diffuiculty based on the number and level of party members, and three different types of quests: find x number of things, kill x number of other things, and add a boss. These three challenges can only reward a random weapon, armor or misc, and some gold. You can also customise the size and complexity of the dungeon, and can add multiple floors with different enemies, but there's no point as you can't increase the rewards. This is a pretty good random dungeon generator, but gamplay will get borring fast once you've seen everything.DM mode is exactly what Random Dungeon hell is, but a little more guided. You can create random dungeon constraints before hand, and set them in different places on the map. The issue is they're just that: constraints; you can't actually build a dungeon the way you want it until the players are inside. Inside dungeons you can create and edit monsters, doors and traps. You cannot customize loot beyond the random weapon/armor/misc, which is the problem.TL;DR while the campaign is fine, the lack of a crafting system and multi-classing limits replayability. DM mode would make the save, but falls short because you don't have access to the tools that developers did when they make the game, ensureing that no level of DM immersion veils random dungeon hell.Wish I could get my money back, but I spent too much time trying to make things work."
76561198087543759,Not Recommended,325600,24598786,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,White Knight,"Medieval DRM, and you must have a bleding edge graphic card to play this simple game -- even if your current one can play The Witcher 2. This game is like a abandoware too, the devs doesn't care anymore."
76561198069159498,Not Recommended,325600,18671469,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Copybara,Didn't like the overall singleplayer gameplay. Multiplayer or DM mode might be worth it.
,Recommended,325600,19756350,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Corrosion,"Great game. Very true to the real D&D unlike what many have said. I honestly thought I would be disappointed after reading the reviews but this is truly an awesome game. The graphics are good, the combat is enjoyable and well made, and the amount of content is pretty amazing.The main complaints I have seen for this game is how it isn't true to the P&P D&D. It is in ways but it's a video game so in order to keep people engaged, they have cooldowns and things like this to allow progression. I don't see any problem with that.This is much better than Divinity: Original Sin.Awful bugs bring the game down though."
76561198306019119,Not Recommended,325600,23198485,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,petertaranovich,"This isn't a review as much as it is a request for help. The game looks great when I look online or read reviews, but I've downloaded it (for Mac) and the video quality is so poor, it's unplayable. It's clearly not the way the game is meant to look. I play POE and Witcher II on this Mac. They play, and look fantastic. I'm guessing there might be an easy fix, but I don't know where to startI'd appreciate some input.Thanks."
,Not Recommended,325600,23344462,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Zorida,"Long story short: after so many months from the release, this game has got some high priority and frustrating bugs, such as getting stuck in a room, and this looks to me simply UNACCEPTABLE even though I would otherwise recommend this game because it should deserve it. In my opinion, beauty and gameplay are second to functionality. For now, and sadly, my thumb is down. Let's see if something good happens in the future, however.I played and finished a lot of D&D based games like this (Baldur's Gate 1 EE and 2, IceWind Dale 2, Neverwinter Nights 1 and 2 etc.) and non D&D (Dragon Age 1 & 2, Divinity: OS, etc., Pillars of Eternity) and as a whole this is probably the one of the best of its kind (but not as good as PoE, for example).PROS:Fine plot, classical CRPG with some advanced graphical effects, there is pretty anything you could expect from the best party based, turn based tactical rpgs around.CONS:Critical level bugs are still there (example: full screen mode switch only working with a keybord shortcut you discover from the forums - alt+enter for pc's if i'm not wrong);Little to no graphics optimization (example: the whole graphics and text get blurry if you do not choose the best screen resolution for your device, so you are forced).Only one 'save slot'. This could be interesting, but currently is a mad choice given the in-game bugs, especially in single player campaign.Lack of standard journal or log, which is, according to me, another mandatory feature."
76561197993421641,Recommended,325600,26302667,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,FIGIOT,+ easy to pick up+ exploring+ questing+ story+ talent trees- walking back- loading times- multiplayer mechanics8/10
76561198024474412,Recommended,325600,25217447,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,darth-neex,This game really brings back some great times from (baldur's gate and Ice windale) I love the dungeon crawler. I wish there was more classes tho (always loved the druid).
76561198045444428,Recommended,325600,27903439,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kamduis,DnD that I can pick up and run with :D
76561198047859048,Recommended,325600,23633785,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Khaedhras,"Most of the time I've spent in this game, has been out of Steam and thus is not registered. I'm loving it so far! The combat system is great and challenging, and the main campaign has really caught a grip on me. I still have to try the dungeon crawling and the DM modes, but only the campaing is making it worth every cent. Great storytelling and voice acting."
76561197985266658,Recommended,325600,28019856,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,mr_wiggles_sr,"I've played SCL now for over 100 hours so far and feel that this game has gotten a bad rap right from the very beginning. Yes,  it's not a tried and true D&D game and has it's noticable flaws. But I find it's very addictive, with a good storyline which has me coming back for more. SCL is worth checking out and you can't beat the price."
76561198154355650,Recommended,325600,28263154,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Cujo,"Game is not bad, but is not much different than the rest of what's out there.  And there are other games that use the same formula of this game that does it much better.  Older, but better.  Baldur's Gate, Torment Planescape.  Yes, classics, but if you can get over not having the eye candy, then these produce good gameplay.If this was my first game in a dnd universe, party based, isometric, I would be somewhat wowed.  But it is not.Clear rooms, gather loot, outfit your party and push a weak story forward.  I picked it up for $10 and I glad I did not spend more.  I am giving it a thumbs up because it delivers on what is supposed to do , but doesn't really add anything new to the formula"
76561198051755671,Recommended,325600,24980208,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,jasonhawkins41,LOVE IT!
,Recommended,325600,26717735,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Darklight,"I waited a while to play this, which was a good thing probably. With the DLC and patches this is a good game - especially for the €19.99 i paid for it. Not game of the year material, but better than other mediocre RPGs one has seen the last few years.Looks like the hardcore D&D fans ruined this with all their whining when it came out. Which probably just means less games like this in the future :\"
,Recommended,325600,28101942,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Kindred374,Loving it
,Recommended,325600,29682590,Posted: 3 February,all,Thought,Good game with D&D style mechanics.
76561198007624129,Recommended,325600,30272540,Posted: 1 March,all,sneakypetev,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!- THEY MAKE YOU MAKE YOU MAKE AN ACCOUNT W/ SCL AND IT WILL NOT ACCEPT YOU LOG IN INFO! NEVER GOT A CHANCE TO PLAY THE GAME ! wASTE OF MONEYOK, I admit I was ticked about the login but after a restart it accepted the login and after playing sveral hours I will say it is a fun game. It's no BG/BG2 or NWN2, but worth the money. I am sorry to say it does not look like there will be any expansions in the future there are not enough good point and click RPGs coming out."
76561197967324471,Recommended,325600,24742312,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,H.U.N.K,Doesnt deserve all the hate its getting from DaD fanboys its not the best game you'l ever play but it's fun and easy to play worth an playthough at least.
76561198141284191,Not Recommended,325600,23186382,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,fjsanpedro,"The Mac version of the games is not bad, it is worst. I was able to play once the game, not fullscreen because the window manager wasn't able to do it. After the first play, every time I try to open the game it crashes.Bad, very bad, too bad. I would ask for the refund"
,Recommended,325600,26703244,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,ASHarwood,"there are a lot of mixed reviews.  Most of the negative reviews are ""this game is not like the other games and breaks away from the dnd tradition.""  This is true.  I have played all the games of the past.  They are fun turn based games set upon the dnd rules.  They are great games.  Does this game break away from those games? Yes.  The way I see it, if they stuck with the original games you would see reviews like, ""this is just the other games with a new look.""  Look, I played the game through 3 times, and loved it.  I love the characters, the style of gameplay, the spells, crafting, everything.  It was a ton of fun.  Lots of loot to collect and lots of great characters.  The multiplayer is also great. There are some bugs as there are with all games.  The graphics are very nice.  The difficulty is on the easier side once you get great weapons.  Your first play though will be tough.  You will have standard crap weapons and it will be tough.  After the first play through, if you collect all the rarest items, the game can be played on the hardest difficulty and be entertaining.  Seriously, get it.  Forget about the past games, get it, play it as a new game.  Judge it through fresh lens and you will enjoy it."
76561198007110107,Recommended,325600,23625722,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,biggjobbies,I love DnD. I play table top twice a week. This game is a great wind down from a workday. stop start in solo as you wish and set up a crawl with mates. Sweet as.
76561198077786595,Recommended,325600,25539342,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,"Gathlin, Deathal","I actually enjoy the Game, Very nice, smotth game play!!"
76561198008161967,Not Recommended,325600,18865522,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,trm90,"♥♥♥♥ing awesome....has quite a bit of bugs though especially during multiplayer. Otherwise this is the exact game I have been waiting for in my life.  Great game to play with friends.Updated Feb 5 2016:I originally gave this game a thumbs up because of the potential...but i have changed it to a thumbs down...heres why....Pros:Awesome graphics/art designCool character tech treesDecient questlines when they arent brokenThe pathing is actually ok in this surprisinglyNo connection problems in multiplayer which is also surprisingCons:Bugs up the♥♥♥♥♥When entering a shop, all in the game get in the convo but only the one who started it gets the actual option, then sometimes it kicks people out of the shops/convos when other enter...easy fix developers.Everytime you click your char says a stupid line...gets really annoying after about 1 minute due to constant clicking.Bugs up the♥♥♥♥♥Overall story? What story?Almost all convos get annoying and pointlessTHE QUEST/JOURNAL LOG IS HORRIBLE AS FKKKK...fire the schmuck who designed it PLEASECombat is horrible, escentially you auto everything and maybe throw a spell every 5 packsAi is either WAY to easy or NEARLY impossible no matter where you are(pillars of eternity has similar issues)Character response is horrible.Too much happens at once to even matter i.e. stuns, sleeps, poisions etc...Healing is bascially done by yourself which imo is a negative for an RPG.Mass amount of pointless lootThis game is still in alpha.  NOT worth more than 15 atm due to bugs, lack of gameplay and numerous other issues that the game dev's just can apparently solve, why...idn...If the gaming industry is so competitive, then why the hell cant they solve simple problems.  Gamers dont make great game devolpers apparently, they make great art/ideas but execute the project like♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198029272019,Recommended,325600,18583486,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Nickkick4,"I have played 34 hours(headstart access), so I wanted to share my thoughts on the game so far. If you go into this game expecting NWN, then you probably won't like it. That aside, it's damn fun. I enjoyed the combat, with the pause and play system. The story has so far been entertaining and the characters are interesting. The graphics are wonderful, but some of the character models are a bit wonky. It runs fine so far, no bugs. The character creation system is good, though lacking orcs(said to come later this year). Skills and leveling are fun, and I actually like the skill trees. The DM mode is fun, and the online is great. The campaign creation system that they have in place may not be as extensive as NWN, but it's very versatile still. I like the DM mode as opposed to NWN because I can create a campaign within a couple hours instead of days. Then, if I've made a dungeon or quest too difficult/easy for the players, I can quickly change it without interrupting the flow of the game. The customization of dungeons is still extensive, but the dungeons themselves are randomly generated. I think the random generation makes the process go faster insteadof crafting every room by hand. Above all else, I really feel like I'm playing tabletop D&D when I play this game. Exploring dungeons, looting chests, finding weapons, armour, scrolls, etc. I feel like I actually have a choice in dialogue in this game, and I actually get to roleplay this character I've created in this vast campaign. Altogether, I am thoroughly enjoying this game and would recommend it to anyone whose played D&D."
76561198048329918,Not Recommended,325600,23048877,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,TheLordofAcorns,"It's a fun game but was overhyped o the point where the devs outright lied about most stuff. Could have been great, but now comunity is dead, haven't gotten a full party for months. Also the drow skill tree is broken, but since the devs went under a fix seems unlikely."
76561197994573098,Recommended,325600,18585367,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,moghedienuk,"Enjoyable game, and that's all I'm after.  There are a few bugs/quirks but none of them have put me off."
76561198052410511,Recommended,325600,18624611,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,im_datus,"Having greatFUNwith the solo campaign game.It's easy to play - Main interface a bit clunky but the inventory/statistics and skill choices are very much like Skyrim.You only have to build your character in the game and the rest of the party is formed from NPC's.I like the graphics, not to over the top where you can't tell what's what on screen. NPC's are entertaining, witty and made me laugh on more than one occasion.I don’t remember writing a review for a game on steam before but because of the negative reviews I thought I'd post a positive one, if you like Baldur's gate and the like you should love this, if you want heavy interaction with the world there are other games out there. Me, I just want to explore, kill stuff and not spend all day micro managing. Also I actually read the dialog in this game rather than hit next, next, hurry up already."
,Recommended,325600,18595911,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,porkfaT,This game is cool.
76561198007983404,Recommended,325600,18585867,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,OrcWhisperer,"I played 32 hours during head start access.  I have been playing tabletop D&D and digital versions of D&D since 1989.  I have a regular D&D group that plays tabletop 5th edition and we love it.   I was at first blush disappointed that this game wasn't a more faithful replica of the 5th edition rules, but as I have played I have been surprised to find that there is A LOT of 5th edition adapted into this game.  More than you notice when you first start playing it (advantage system, magic items straight from the DMG, etc).I also think they have done a faithful treatment of the Sword Coast source material, a love letter in many ways to fans of the Forgotten Realms, and I appreciate the little touches that represent a lot of hard work that went into this game.  As it stands, the single player campaign is well worth playing as a Sword Coast D&D experience.  What excites me most though, is that I know there will be awesome people out there that will create nearly endless modded content with the tools, and I can keep playing their D&D stories for years to come, like I did in NWN2 and in Shadowrun Returns.  I also fully expect that the devs will add more races and classes with future DLC as they get it created and tested.  Personally, I'm glad they released it now with the somewhat limited options, so that I can be playing it and having fun with it while they continue to develop the stuff that isn't ready yet.  I have played solo and coop and enjoyed both experiences.  I haven't tried the DM tools yet, but the fact that they exist at all makes me happy.Is this game comparable to BG, NWN, ToEE, PoE, PS:T ?  It's a different take on them, don't go in to this expecting to have the same experience.  But it is still a good experience.  I'm sure they designed this with consoles, tablets and mobile devices in mind so that they could actually make money on the product, and I don't begrudge them the need to adapt their business model to today's market.  I want D&D to thrive and flourish.Do I also want them to make a turn-based faithful 5th edition replica for PC's with complete optional feats and spell lists and skills and classes and races and full Monsters Manual worth of critters?  OH PLEASE YESSSSS!! That is something I want very badly.  But in the mean time, I will happily take the D&D experiences that I can get, as long as it isn't MMO trash that has been ruining the digital/tabletop RPG genre (ahem, 4th edition, the D&D I skipped).Keep bringing back the CRPG!  Thank you for making this game."
76561197961875012,Recommended,325600,18586641,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,|bLK*| Killian,"Love it, aside from the new skill based system which IMO works very well for a faster paced style of play when so inclined, it  totally feels like baldurs gate/icewind dale style of play. MUCH more so compared to games like pillars of eternity and divinity it actually feels like the DnD style I grew to love so many years ago. It's actually hard and the turn based gameplay has a real purpose due to the difficulty. Playing Dragonage Inquisition on nightmare skill level was completely trivial, the ""pause gameplay and set up actions"" had no purpose at all being that the combat was entirely too easy it made it hard to trudge through the storyline as the game turned into nothing but cinematics, collectible and timesink objectives. With such a great storyline and so much to do in that game its a damn shame there was absolutely no challenge to it.This is a refreshing change from the recent steam of easy-on-hard rpgs we've been issued as of late, From the small part of the campaign I have played so far the story has fully drawn me in, given me someone to care about, and then dashed my hopes and dreams in the first half hour. Again, love it!Oh, and there's a multiplayer system with player made dungeons and live DM... I've seen people complain about the ""randomly generated maps"" that they didnt build fully from scratch... If you'd rather spend all of your time makeing the grass look pretty or shape the path JUST the way you want it it'll take a year longer to develop a campaign. I'd rather DMs focus on the type of encounters and storyline than exactly how the landscape is shaped. From the few hours I played with the dungeon creator tool I was very satisfied and look forward to seeing what people come up with, also what tools and landscape options will come with future updates. Dont hate people, suggest politely what you would enjoy and I'm sure they will be glad to listen."
,Recommended,325600,18587135,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Le Tigre,"I like this game. No, actually, I love it.I know, like many I hoped it to be more like IWD, Planscape Torment or Baldurs Gate….Well it is not. But it definitely has many good aspects. It has a great story and a very rich and intriguing atmosphere. After the head starts I actually have the difficulty to decide, which character to play, as I love the characters so much that its relay hard to decide, whom to leave in camp. (Whoever it might be – I am soooo sorry! I hope one day you can forgive me...)Ok. So “who” am I? I play on Linux, and the game works quite well so far. I have a few sound issues and the Landing Page has strange wave animations. This taken into account it works flawless. (Well I was stuck once...)I work > 40h a day. So I have rather little time to play and relax. (No more weekends full of sore eyes and coffee) And as such I love the ability to play random dungeons with other people. This wont 'pull me in' for many hours and I can still relax after a stressful day at the office. This is a great addition. Or play a Quest that was Designed by me or a friend or who knows...I love the IDEA of the dungeon master and its editor. From my (limited) experience, I think this will need some more features. As the ready made stuff is good if you are “live mastering” - but more design and modification abilities would be welcome. - That is: are needed.I'd love to see more character choices too. Where's the druid? Fighter-Thief-Mix? All missing!Still I highly recommend this game. As it has beautiful atmosphere and a right in its own. Just don't expect it to be Baldurs Gate. But there are good chances that you will like it, if you liked the former..."
,Recommended,325600,18594137,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Blonk,"I am enjoying it for what it is, not what i wish it was. I imagine there will be some big changes coming sooner rather than later to make people happy. Because from what i can see they could do a couple relatively minor things and make it shine. I will personally be hanging around for the ride to see where it goes."
76561197994663429,Recommended,325600,18602766,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Whiskey,"If you like Isometric view games, as I do, then you will enjoy SCL. If you are huge, hardcore DND nerd, that has a stickler attitude about DND mechanics however, you will probably be turned off with the game. I do not look at it this way,.. additionally the editor does not allow for custom maps, and probably never will so, this is a bit of a turn off for me.I give the game a thumbs up because I found it enjoyable, and the story is just fine. Plenty of replayabilty with different class makeups, and for the most part you can build characters class builds very different. It's a new game, it has some technical issues, though  I have experienced only one, Running Windows 10, Two Monitors, GTX 970 card, i5 Quad-Core... zero issues with stabilty. The one crash I had was due to a quest with a certain dwarven skull, that was patched in the release version. So there is that.The tough part about making a game in the DND realm, is the ""massive nerd hatred herd"", so there will be plenty of hate here because the game doesnt have the entire library of DND since the dawn of the game in its libraries... good grief people. Though I was hoping for more from the editor... if you want to wait, look specifically for advancements here.Game has a lot of potential. (Also played In headstart, so hours really arent reflective, Approximately 40 hours into the game now, still have not completed a run through, I like to be thourough)."
76561198028316361,Recommended,325600,18593298,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Spacy Cadette,"Only have 1 dungeon under my skin as a player, but it is a good game.Good:  Feels like BG / Icewind / etc.Bad: it auto put me in a group with another person, which was OK, except that they had obviously done it once before already and were a bit impatient with me wanting to see & explore everything.  Not sure how the loot sharing worked either, to be honest.  I like the idea of playing with friend, even strangers at times, but I want to choose when I do so, ya know."
,Recommended,325600,18586971,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Flanf,"Love the Campaign (~10 hours in thanks to headstart) and that you can play it with 3 other friends 8DThe GM Tools look super easy but I have not played it online yet.The fact that you can (single or co-op) just play random dungeons is also great, this gives you endless replayablility :)"
,Recommended,325600,18602278,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Merbeast,"So first let me say that I am NOT reviewing the story.  Second, if you have played the Neverwinter Nights games, Pillars of Eternity, etc, you will buy this game no matter what I say (and you would probably be right to).  That said, this game is mediocre at best.1) Camera controls suck (or I just don't like them).  There is a single angle of viewing that you can rotate around and move around but it is still the same angle.  No first person view, no moving the viewpoint to the shoulder of your character, and you will never, ever see the ceiling.  While I was never super satisfied with NWN2 camera controls, they are better than what SCL offers.2) No button or keystroke to center the camera back on the selected party member after you go scrolling around the map.  You have to go back to find them.3) Speaking of the map, you can't scroll it.  You can see the area around where your camera was located, and if you want to see a different area you have to exit the map screen, move the camera to the area you want to view and then go back into the map.  How useless is that?4) Character creation seems bland and flat. For the record I play and love 5th edition D&D, but the way it is implimented here, it just seems bland.  The ability trees don't offer much variation that I can see.  I believe that 5th edition is a better system for table top RPG, but maybe, just maybe 3.5 is better for CRPG.5) No barbarian.  No half-orc. No bard. No gnome. No sorcerer.6) Graphics don't actually seem that much better than NWN2.  Character models, sets, etc included.  Clipping cloaks and whatnot still look terrible.I am not impressed but I am also not deterred.  I'll play thru the story.  I'll most likely end up downloading some modules to play.  I'll get my money's worth out of the game but I certainly don't see it as an improvement over NWN2 especially considering there is almost a decade of technology advances between the two games.TL/DR: Meh. Recommended, but barely recommended.  Get it if you love the genre."
76561198110052201,Recommended,325600,22383748,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,nzguzzi,"I actually enjoyed this RPG.The solo story quest is huge, hours worth of game play.It has been a lot of fun.I have access to player made modules, can power level/farm for grear easily or just dungeon crawl.Ok so its not exactly played to the rule set of D&D but the game is fun and I got my monies worth.Graphics are nice, and we can take in NPC to fill party if no other players form up.I like it.Just for the actual game story mode is worth the money if you are in need of some RPG fun."
,Recommended,325600,18592579,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,GamerLEN,"I haven't gotten to play much with this game yet, so expect this review to be updated in the near future, but here's my current thoughts after a few hours of play.Pros:- Engaging storyline with some good voice acting and interesting characters, each party member you meet has their own fleshed out story and reason for teaming up with you.- A decent combat system akin to games like Pillars of Eternity (pause mid-battle, issue commands, unpause and watch things scream and bleed).- Lots of encouragement to explore, go off the beaten path, and find all sorts of secrets.- Larethar Gulgrin, the dwarf rogue. I just like this guy. :3Cons:- The DM mode is really clunky I've found. It definitely needs an overhaul with more options to customize NPC dialogue and actions.- There's a few glitches, graphical errors, and so on. Sometimes my group would run ahead but my rouge would stay put as if he'd found a really interesting patch of moss at his feet or something, sometimes he'd come running up but with his cloak sticking through his chest for some odd reason, but I expect those will be patched soon enough.- You can only have one custom character unless you're doing multiplayer, so don't expect to go adventuring with a bunch of custom characters based off your RL/Steam friends unless you actually invite the real people along. Its the sacrifice we make for a really good story I suppose.- You can't make a tiefling character. Seriously guys, the hell?I don't think of it as a con, but I know someone will:- Yeah, this happens every time a D&D game comes out, but here it is: THIS DOESN'T PLAY LIKE THE TABLETOP RPG! Probably because you play it with a computer and it's designed to be faster and more streamlined than rolling dice around and checking stat sheets... but I know someone is gonna complain so yeah. It's not a perfect translation. If this bothers you, I recommend saving your money and buying some sourcebooks at Barnes & Noble or whatever collectables stores are near you.Final verdict thus far: If you like a good CRPG, its a good CRPG. If you want to make your own campaigns, you're probably better off waiting until they overhaul the DM mode. If you're going to throw a fit because it's not exactly like the tabletop D&D game, you're better off sticking with the tabletop D&D game."
,Not Recommended,325600,18619704,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Asundering,"Wow is this bad.  Shallow, average graphics.  At best 1999/2000 style clunky UI/combat is sluggish and exceedingly non responsive.  The co-op is mind numbingly boring as you wait for everying to click thru endless dialog.  Hard for me to articulate how bad i feel this is.  So many better versions of this on the market."
76561198017441150,Not Recommended,325600,29801623,Posted: 9 February,all,Amphieuss,"BEWARE !!! This GAME is broken , MP does not exist!!!DE is still selling this BS game just to make some money.They dont support it or update it!!!The singleplayer game is not worth 20 euros!!!People have problems with the graphics and some even claim it burned their GPUYou would be wise to avoid this game!"
76561198011303483,Recommended,325600,18633203,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Zionis,"You get your money's worth but only barely.. 6/10What this game got right:-The Campaign is relatively fun, interesting NPCs, good story arc & plenty to keep you busy with.-Items; I love the variety of items (long time D&D fans will run into a lot of good toys such as Holy Avengers, Staff of Power, Robes of Archmagi, etc..)-Ease of use for multiplayer gaming; built-in voice chat and good UI for finding games.What this game didn't get right:-Dungeon Crawl Feature (Multiplayer and single player): The auto generated dungeons have no substance, it's hack and slash, rinse-repeat...-They used D&D 5.0 rule set; Any true D&D fan is still using 3.5 and for good reason. 4 was a disaster and 5 is only slightly better than v4. Character development goes nowhere in this game, once you reach level 10 you kind of stop carring about further advancements.-DM Mode: This is a complete and utter joke, they made it so simple as to not allow you any freedom to build true masterpieces. If they're intent was to compete with the likes of Neverwinter they failed miserably.Overall: Buy this game for the 20-30 hours you'll put into the Campaign, nothing more."
,Not Recommended,325600,28654416,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Terdwillow,"Meh.  Played a little.  Got bored quickly.  Uninstalled and moved on to something else.  I'm hoping this game evolves into community made persistent game worlds like NWN.  Until then, I'm out."
76561197968540658,Recommended,325600,18629390,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Tesla_SN,"5 STARS!!!  Outstanding writing, excellent graphics, Great voice acting, exciting and fun modules and single player. DM'ing is fun and creating your own modules easy.Ohh BTW all you haters this is NOT NWN3, they never said it would be. So suck it up buttercups."
76561198044507094,Not Recommended,325600,26613130,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Chris,Your 20 dollars go straight down the drain.
76561198007861328,Recommended,325600,18605541,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Presance.PaiN.,I like this game world of warcraft and all others like it copied d&d this started it all game is fun lots of items can be hard at times oohh ya the dm stuff is cool to who doesent like making there own quests that everybody can play.
76561197980349438,Recommended,325600,18618257,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Damonvile,"I got the game to play the 4 v1 multiplayer with friends and the story mode. I haven't been disappointed by either.  Steam only lets you give a game a yes or a no so I said yes. Is it the greatest rpg ever....no. I'd give the game a 7/10 at launch. The mulitplayer is great, the story mode is ok.The tools fro creating your own dungeons are weak right now and that's probably it's biggest failing. It has some issues with loot and the combat isn't the greatest but given time I think most of this games problems will be dealt with."
76561197993806160,Recommended,325600,18624166,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,CocoBongo,"At first I was honestly disapointed with the game and I was sad to have played past the 2 hours for a refund... but now I'm happy with my purchase I just wish more players would join us.There are certainly some weak parts to the game but where it shine is the DM part. As a gamer I am often disapointed in the AI of the game doing stupid things, making the game pointles by how easy it is. With the dm system you have someone actively playing the monsters, putting traps, adding roleplay if you desire to. The system has been made in a way where the DM gain threat (the points he need to put traps and monsters) when players are having good results in the fights but lose a lot of threat if you kill a player and all your treath if you TPK (total party kill) so to a GM it is more enjoyable to chalenge your players without straight murdering them. This feature in itself make the game worth it.  As a Dm you can also create your mobs and npc beforehand in the starting menu OR improvise them on the fly during the dungeon run.I won't explain all the shortcommings of the game, there are some but nothing is truly gamebreaking in my oppinion.I see a lot of potential for this game with eighter DLC or expansions but sadly the review are in my opinion hardly fair and the number of players is verry low so unless there is a 180 on the oppinion of peoples the bright future we could have had is in jeopardy."
,Not Recommended,325600,18661218,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,RabidPenguin,"So I grabbed this up in head start and it'll likely be the last time I do that for a game. This game has so much potential, but it is all lost in the limitations. DMs can run dungeon runs in this game but not much else. Tiny above ground areas (I mean seriously the city tiles are a joke and then some) that will always be the same when I try to run an adventure. Oh, Luskan sure does look a lot like Neverwinter or +Add city here+.  I was hoping for something more like NWN. I knew we wouldn't have tilesets, but I thought for sure they would have enough variety to keep us happy. Some of the freaking city areas have strange wooden constructions blocking doors. That doesn't even make sense. Just make the doors unclickable. It'd look better than the nonsense that is there. Who made that decision?  This is not really how it was billed, where a DM could bring back the PnP for their friends. NWN, with player created tools, allowed for this easily, but not here. If you want a 4 against 1 adventure I guess you can find that here, but there are much better offerings out or on the way that offer this. Should be so much more, could be so much more, but limited vision is holding it back. I realize a company only has so much time and money but when one tileset is a bridge? A corner of a street? One screen's worth of section of a city? With only one semi-large city area to work with? And that with stairs blocked off by what you have to assume is some motard carpenter who didn't think that building stairs, then the landing and then blocking off the landing would raise eyebrows? The little things matter, and this game get's all of the little things wrong. It's sad and I hope they fix it, but I can't even be bothered to load it up anymore at this point. I can't comment on the single player as I haven't touched it. I got the game to try and run campaigns for friends, but with every interior the same, a limited number of rooms, etc it's just not going to cut it. Unless I make the entire thing about the drow or a society that lives in a dungeon. Very sad guys, very sad. Wish I could get my money back. But I knew what I was getting into when I head started."
76561198026523548,Not Recommended,325600,18608039,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Raith,"DO NOT BUY.  I bought this game thinking it would at least be similar to previous Dungeons and Dragons games. (Baldurs Gate, NW Nights etc.) This is not the case. It feels like in an attempt to simplify and appeal to a broader audience, the developers have just alienated their fan base by creating a game that is essentially a bad Diablo clone."
,Recommended,325600,19127841,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,DeadRage,"I really enjoy this game.  I've run into a few snags but the dev team came through and took care of any issues.  The story is great and I feel it leaves room for expansion.  The dialog between the characters in the solo mission are pretty entertaining.  I just completed the main story and I wish there was more, I hope there will be soon."
,Not Recommended,325600,18649598,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Pinkeh,Cant stay connected to master server. Difficult to play with friends or download player made modules if you can't stay connected.
,Recommended,325600,18634928,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,woofyhugger,"So small, so angry."
76561198077329027,Recommended,325600,19014396,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,agedwisdom,"Creators did not leave in early access for years on end as far as i knew, take user input very seriously, and its a great party based rts!"
,Not Recommended,325600,26324418,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,CASysprog,"horrible UI, lovely graphics, poor gameplay.....so meh!"
76561198032254023,Not Recommended,325600,30160139,Posted: 24 February,all,Tkulu,A monument of lies built upon broken promises and drowned in dissapointment.
76561198034468649,Recommended,325600,22115575,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,alex.twigster,"All-in-all not a bad game with the D&D moniker. It's not perfect, But it's no Neverwinter Night nor Baldur's Gate. Get it when it's on sale. Glad I own it. Could've been more. For what it is, it works well enough."
,Not Recommended,325600,18638695,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Philippe Heroux,I got a refund. This is not D&D.
76561198251385864,Recommended,325600,18989530,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,_pyth0n_is_c00l,"This game is a lot of fun.  To those who think this game is not a good port of d&d 5e are truly wrong IMO.  I've played tabletop 5e once a week since its inception, and I am having a great time playing this game.  The game does capture the true spirit of d&d and roleplaying.  I feel so strongly about how awesome this game is, I had to write this review, eventhough I have NEVER in my entire life written a review for ANYTHING!  So sick of reading silly negative reviews.Cheers."
76561198047701140,Recommended,325600,19064124,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,spydakikass,If this keeps going the way you're taking it... this could be the best D&D Video Game of all time. Just add Player Quivers Please and thanks. <3
76561198020133155,Not Recommended,325600,21029844,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,ma.thais,"I have no idea about any of the history this game franchise has; I was just looking for a fun RPG/crawl.  What I got was a weird game that has very clunky spells/abilities and cooldowns.  If you like a game that doesn't put you right in the action and makes you poke around a town for two hours before anything happens then this is the game for you.  I suffered through the first few hours and started to get in to what I would consider a more fun game...I said to myself FINALLY! The game started!  And yet, secretly, this whole time I was hoping for something more.Very little strategy, very little customization that works, some builds are horrendous, others dominate.  I like a game where no matter what path you take, within reason, the choices are balanced.  My marksman ranger friend dominates me trying to focus on beastmaster.  I just never got the hang of it or never felt this game was worth putting in the due diligence in researching and figuring out every aspect to make the best character.   I really don't recommend this game."
76561198026536603,Recommended,325600,18628449,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Igor,10/10 Worth it
,Not Recommended,325600,27967336,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,jackthemundane,"Well, I thought I'd take a chance and buy this game on sale. My mistake. I wish someone would make a good dungeons and dragons game. It's only been like 15 years. :("
76561198242401062,Recommended,325600,18874644,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,criscodisco,Great Game
76561198026322820,Not Recommended,325600,18740382,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,chav235,wish i could get my money back
,Not Recommended,325600,19792098,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Skafjeld,"Sadly, not even close to being fun. This feels broken and unfinished."
76561198066153187,Recommended,325600,28279609,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Mordrin,Fun game that sadly doesn't get as much love as it deserves.Note: Played Solo on HARD difficulty.
76561198052116690,Recommended,325600,18634175,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,asweknowit,I enjoyed the single player campaign.   All around it was an enjoyable solo RPG experience.
,Recommended,325600,19815213,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Von-Orange,"I played alot of crpg's. Baulors gate I and II, Ice wind dale I and II, neverwinter nights I and II, Fallout, shadow run ect. This game does not function exactly like them but that is not bad. The main story is a bit dry but I have not finished it yet so I cant say wether it gets good or not. It is optimized for better pick up and play which I like. There needs to be more content thogh which is the only down side. Game makers, stop releasing half finished games. Although, they do have comunity patches and updates which seem to come fairly often so I think this game will evolve well over time. I played it for free but im buying it."
,Not Recommended,325600,25348965,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,vinssen,"Quite awful.Despite having a good config and playing in low graphic settings, half of my playtime was loading screens.The gameplay is also awful. The plot is MMO tier.I wish I could refund it."
76561198062160938,Recommended,325600,34742312,Posted: 4 September,all,TUGGA,played it for abit i like it
76561198030751611,Not Recommended,325600,29953286,Posted: 15 February,all,pjoiner19,"it wont run and the one time it did, it sucked"
,Recommended,325600,19704160,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,lewin.stephan,"Aside from a few small bugs and UI issues I thought this game was really fun, definitely a worthy successor to the likes of Baldur's Gate and Neverwinter Nights.If I had to complain, the cool-down system on the effects and the abilities system deviate from the D&D 5e rules, the gameplay experience is closer to playing Dragon Age: Origins than table-top 5e, but maybe there will be opportunities to mod that in the future. The sacrifice somewhat makes sense for the online experience, rather than trying to manage periods of rest against the parties spend abilities.The criticism I've read so far has seemed fairly harsh. The graphics don't size up to Dragon Age: Inquisition but then that's focused purely on a single-player campaign to the tune of (I imagine) several million extra in budget. Frankly I haven't been able to put it down since I started playing, highly reccomend for D&D fans."
,Recommended,325600,19715565,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Northryder,"I am glad I got in early with this game. The game's potential is stellar so please do not F it up Digital Extremes/n-Space.If n-Space do it right they could have just helped WoC drag paper-based D&D/RolePlaying into the 21st cnetury.Based on the Community patches, and the apparently willingness to listen (and they actually do) to their growing fan/critic bases, SCL has a realistic and achievable potential of becoming The way to roleplay: DM sits anywhere in the world and any players can join in and play. If DMs get the ability to do even some of the things in just the backlog the game will go crazy(https://forums.swordcoast.com/index.php?/topic/7928-backlog/)If I can translate all my paper dungeons and scenarios to the full digital format, add my own voices, ambient sounds, and be able to choose either to DM directly or just let the peasants play on through I will be happier than an orc at a halfling wedding.I shall be patient. CommPatch One and Two (Three pending) show that n-Space are committed and in the right mindspace. Unless they go and do something truly disasterous, WoC will now (or very soon) have a platform to let Gamers generate their own stuff or buy official pro modules (as they already do), but digital and not paper. Not only could D&D be revitalised, but could rapidly revisit D&D's meteroric rise outside of the States back in the 80's.I think we will all watch n-Space developments with great interest."
,Recommended,325600,19789004,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Amatsuki,"Decent Game ignore the Mixed reviews after reviewing the negatives it is primarily either angered Pen and Paper players whom you can never appease or those who are use to a fast paced game. Other than that decent graphics compared to it's Neverwinter Nights 2 predecessor which I personally have spent many hours playing campaign or on custom worlds the game follows similar mechanics the shadow texture lag issue seems to be non existent which is a + in my book. I thoroughly enjoy it. Decent story and character creation; tutorial however needs a bit of a work seems more like a ""tips"" bubbles rather than teaching you basic gameplay functions. I would encourage giving the game a try.Was not what I expected from the reviews of people saying ""you can't make a customizable character only pre-mades""."
76561197993104943,Recommended,325600,19814122,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,StarWolf,"DISCLAIMER: I only got to play this during a free weekend. I did not have time to get into all its features.TL;DR: THIS IS NOT AN ARPG (Diablo Clone)! Instead, it is more like the NWN series (in terms of mechanics), and the old-school Baldur's Gate/Icewind Dale Infinity engine games (in terms of story feel). If you are looking for a hardcore D&D rules experience, you'll probably want to pass. If you want to enjoy an interesting story or just some fun adventuring via streamlined D&D, or you want to tinker with some game ideas, then this may well be for  you. Either way, you'll want to get your paws the soundtrack if you can. Inon Zur is back, and dear gods, that guy is a genius. End TL;DR.If you enjoyed the original Black Isle/Bioware  Baldurs Gate/Icewind Dale games, you MAY enjoy this. Depends on what you liked those games for. If you enjoyed the story and general adventuring, you'll probably like this. BUT If you are a hardcore D&D rules person, especially where character creation/building is concerned, eh, probably not so much. This is D&D 5E, but it is STREAMLINED. A LOT. And that, depending on your perspective, can be a good or a bad thing. I was trained up in 2nd Edition, and I haven't really played D&D seriously since 3.5. So I gotta say, at this point in my life, not knowing the newer systems, I find I really I appreciate some streamlining. Because when I play a video game, I want to play a video game, not engage in a full blown research project in a new gamerules system just to build a character. To that end, the mix & match skill tree system makes it much easier to jump in, while still leaving plenty of room to be creative about your build.I started dabbling with Dungeon Master mode, and it seems pretty robust. Unfortunately my trial expired before I had a chance to do much besides create a cool bad guy NPC, and edit a couple of animals. And holy cow-pies can you edit creatures. I turned black bears and normal wolves from hostile to neutral, meaning they wouldn't attack on sight, but I made it so that if you messed with them, they would kick. Your.♥♥♥♥♥♥ This was in an effort to make the Fauna behave more realistically, but also to keep players from killing any non-human thing that moves in the name of XP and loot. I was pleased that this could be done. I would have loved to see what else I could have done with creating adventuring locales but I ran out of time.Not everything is good, I had a few issues with the inteface, some just weird and/or annoying and one straight up buggy. As for the actual bug: at one point all text on screen was for some reason being shifted way down. It was weird, and made the combat/chat/history logs unusable, but it was nothing a save/exit program/reload didn't fix. Annoyances are listed here from least to most aggravating:If you want to move anything to or from a slot, you have to click-hold and wait for the object to pick up before you can move it. I got used to it, but it seemed a strange departure from other games of similar type.There are map issues: I like a stationary mini map but there was no option to make it thus, at least not so far as I could find. As for the larger local and world maps, I found it highly frustrating that I could not scroll these, or zoom out enough to see the whole of them. A lot of space was always off screen, and with no scrolling, there was no way to move it on screen. Really, guys that shouldn't have made it out of QC.***************************************************EDIT***************************************************First a clarification: by Local/World maps I don't mean the player environment. I mean the actual things that pop up when you hit the ""Map"" key. I have been told that my problems with Local/World scrolling issue was, in part user error. Apparenty to scroll these maps you have to hold down your middle mouse button and then drag. Okay fine, I can accept that, and am glad it *is* there, but the fact remains that I dumped 25 hours into this game and still couldn't figure out how that feature worked. Intuitive UI guys, learn it, love it, live it, code it.************************************************END EDIT************************************************Biggest Gripe: In non-combat situations, your NPC party members are all but useless. In the older games, if you knew you were going into a situation where you needed to pass a Stat check, say a conversation that might require a high Wisdom or Intelligence score, you could send in the party member with the highest chance of succeeding. Similarly for situations like forcing a gate, or trading at better prices, the people with the high Strength or high Charisma were who you called on. But in SCL, with the exception of roguey stuff, every non-combat action in a single player game seems to be based on your character's Stats alone. There is also a group carrying capacity based solely on your character's strength. I understand simplifying this to a certain extent, gods knows I spent countless hours trying to shift loot around between party members in the older Infinity engine games. But there were better ways to do this. Group carrying capacity should be the total capacity of the current party. And if I don't get to choose who speaks or does a non-combat action, there's no reason why they couldn't give me the benefit of assuming that the party member with the best associated stat makes the check.But overall, as far as I've played, yes I think this game is worth checking out. Because I was disappointed I couldn't play more when my trial ran out, which tells me the thing I most care about in any game: I. HAD. FUN. And I would have come back for more, but after blowing through much of my budget on christmas gifts, I couldn't afford it, even on sale. If you're still dubious, or like me, just broke, wait a while for a bigger sale."
,Recommended,325600,20482694,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,etropic,"Isn't what a lot of us were hoping for (although probably what we expected). But lots of Dev support and big (free) updates are making this into a sleeping gem. Also check out the official forums, lots of users and mod content. Really, sit back and have a little hack and slash fun in the style of D&D. Can't go wrong with that."
,Recommended,325600,20503480,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,RainMakerXIII,"Do not be persuaded by the negative hype. This game has been good from the launch and made better by the updates. If you have played(and enjoyed) Baldur's Gate & IceWind Dale, you will enjoy this game. It is not as acomplex as Pillars of Eternity, but I think that only adds to the enjoyment."
76561198079135389,Recommended,325600,20000866,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,dan,"I played Neverwinter NIghts for many years (didn'l like NWN2 - and couldn't run it on Linux, anyway).  SCL is very much like NWN.  The module dev tools aren't quite as good as NWN... yet.  The devs have been adding new features into the game, and seem to be very responsive to user input.  I'm hopeful that SCL will have a large  amount of community-developed content - it already has more than NWN did at this point in its life, so the future looks good for this game.Some people don't like the game mechanics.  I'm not crazy about them, but they work, and modders have already developed alternatives.  If you're a dnd fundamentalist, you may not like it, but then, you're not likely to enjoy anything else, either.  I've been playing dnd since 1981 and I really like SCL."
76561198071823328,Recommended,325600,19092686,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Elsenrail,"I really enjoy this mage. It's not a gem, but its solid enough for me. The story is actually really good. :) I hope there are some expansions on the way."
,Recommended,325600,20480975,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,BuckG42,"It plays like the original Dungeons and Dragons™, very fun game. If you are a true D&D fan such as myself, this game will do everything but disappoint us true Dungeon crawlers."
76561198039484971,Recommended,325600,20496900,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Galactic Chicken,"Good game for a weekend with the kids.Its like D&D, with a little diablo thrown in.I like the instant dungeons.My step-child just kept spawning stuff in on me, oh the glee !"
76561198161055329,Recommended,325600,20510558,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Dis-Sasha,"Campaign is pretty good. Cant say much of multi since i just started it. Its not Baldurs gate. Its not witty, epic swashbuckling experience that follows dnd pnp to the letter but after 50h of gametime for 15Euro i paid id say i got more than my moneys worth. If you are/were d&d fan defenately try it."
76561198006493250,Not Recommended,325600,18808590,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,GrueNoBuLaX,If i only played it for half an hour can i get my money back? Pleeeeeeez?
,Recommended,325600,19831683,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Mizentorp,"SC:L is good imho, despite the obvious and somewhat of an unfinished product feel, a decent and quite fun game.TL;DR- Hardcore D&D fans should probably steer clear from this one.- Casual RPG\cRPG gamer would enjoy this  to some extent, if not greatly."
76561198006524243,Not Recommended,325600,19552799,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Hakija,"This is more of a first impressions than a review, so please keep that in mind.I really can't recommend this one. I wasn't expecting it to be a faithful adaptation of DnD's rules, but based on other reviews here, I was at least expecting to get some mindless fun out of it.What I got instead was an utterly forgetable dungeon crawler which was, frankely, lacking in diversity of gameplay choices and overall just very boring. The visuals are bland, the gameplay lacks excitement, and the story was so cut-and-paste from standard fantasy cliches that I had forgotten my own party members' names within a few minutes. I hit the two hour mark knowing I had to to make a decision right then or keep the game at full price, and I just couldn't justify the cost.Take a note however, that I did not get much into multiplayer. The couple of times I looked at it, there were only one or two games going at a time. I went back to the single player to get as far I could into that.Finally, some positive things. From a technical perpective, everything is fine. Animations work smoothly, character designs get the point across even if they aren't interesting, and everything works more or less as it should. No real problems to be had there. From what I've seen, the devs are attentive to the community and will be updating and adding content over time to keep things going.In summary, if you pick this up, I would try to get to get it on sale. And if a few months down the line I can find a good discount with some more content to it, I may even repurchase it. But as the game is now, it simply is not worth $40."
76561197978126288,Recommended,325600,19846786,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Fedaykin,"This game was just what I was looking for!I game exclusively on Linux and this game supports it perfectly!Its a bit Diablo 3-like.Only a handful of classes in the game right now, but the others are coming.I have had some great experiences with multiplayer Dungeon Crawling. Although I have not joined anything led by a Dungeon Master yet, but I plan on it soon."
76561197971864370,Recommended,325600,19375375,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,LordSentinel,Loved it! Has a few issues related to Quest Markers and the Save system is a bit annoying! Overall Its a fantastic title and well polished - especially after the Community Packs!Has a Dragon Age : Origins vibe to it!Would recommend ya'll to play it !
,Recommended,325600,28763259,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Titanium Rose,A great game!  Absolutely love it!
76561197984961040,Recommended,325600,19299262,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Dani,"As far as the single player experience goes, the story is pretty decent. The gameplay is enjoyable. People looking for a traditional D&D experience should be wary, as the rules operate much differently here. I'd highly encourage watching videos about the gameplay before diving right in. The story immediately throws you into the fray of combat with a strong party, which is ideal as this game is not meant for soloing. The critters are far stronger than you, having deep health pools and capable of dishing out the same damage as you. It makes for a cooperative experience that's engaging and requires active teamwork to defeat challenges. This is a 'kick the door down' dungeons and dragons experience. Raid dungeons, get loot, come back alive (hopefully). There are some nifty RP tools available for those who are seeking a deeper roleplaying experience as well.If you're looking for a good multiplayer experience, buy this game, send three copies to friends, then play together. I keep consistently getting kicked out of games when I try to join them, despite them being public games. It's a frustrating experience. Also, don't expect to solo anything beyond the campaign, reason being the game is scaled specifically for group play. This might change later on, but as a 5th level wizard I just don't dish out enough damage to hold my own solo. The only exception are warriors who are crazy superbeasts that can take it and dish it out, fairly odd balance choice but it does make the class quite fun to play. There is a way to add the story NPCs to your group in a randomly generated dungeon, which is helpful.All I can say is, it's a lonely experience without friends to play with, but the campaign is enjoyable. It certainly offers some moral dilemmas along the way, which is something I love about RPGs in general.  I'd recommend it simply on the grounds that the gameplay actually is good with a party, even if they are NPCs. Also, if you love to be a DM, the DMing tools in this game are exceptional, so you may need five copies, one for a DM and four for friends. Otherwise, good luck sticking around in a game for long, as most will either kick you out as soon as you join, or consist of players who are afk. I had one good game out of eight so far."
76561198267612765,Recommended,325600,20485603,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,philip368320,"This is really good, just as I expect D&D to be from playing it in my childhood. The graphics are great and it feels like a challenge."
76561198003431385,Not Recommended,325600,18912065,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,mk_gr,"This could have been so much more... Most of us hoped it was the next NWN or BG (Unfortunately it's not).I did enjoy the campaign, it was a lot of fun while it lasted. However, the game has some serious issues that absolutely need to be addressed before I can recommend this to anyone else (for the current price at least)1. Level scaling needs to be removed.2. Loot is practically useless and the game showers you with items every 10 seconds (1% better at X, 2% worse at Y). In the end you'll end up using the items that decrease cooldown times anyway and actively ignore most others.3. Healing should be limited to the cleric4. DM tools are too limited at the moment (lots of reviews talk about this issue), I'm not going to go into it.5. Essentially no players online to RP with. Last time I checked there were maybe three games running? (All a different level to me)6. You can't create a custom party, you have to use the single player characters (this applies for custom campaigns and dungeon runs as well)7. Ninja looting, everyone just selfishly tries to pick up whatever they can (although everything is crap anyway, so who cares?)8. No skills like blacksmithing, scroll creation, or any of the good stuff.9. I actually don't mind the skill tree, although due to level scaling everything feels so underwhelming and weak.10. Summonings are lame. Remember summoning a Deva or Planetar in BG2? How epic was that? Here you (actually the Necromancer tree, which isn't available to your main character) can summon a skeleton and a wolf... Underwhelming...11. Only a handful of classes and races. Where is the druid? Where is the bard? Sorc? Barbarian? Maybe they're planning to release them as DLC (I'm sure they mention this somewhere, but I'm not motivated to hunt it down)I so badly wanted to love this game. I systematically check back to see if anything has changed, unfortunately it's taking too long to address the issues raised by the community. I recommend you wait and see what happens, I suspect it will either be re-released as an enchanced edition, or perhaps the price will drop a lot more."
,Recommended,325600,22527899,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Mannifresh,I liked it
76561197960453705,Not Recommended,325600,23827104,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ufr|Wotan,"♥♥♥♥♥Game! Need to register online, did not work, no fullscreen, wtf i just want to play singelmode without any registration or anything else"
,Recommended,325600,18901423,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Yandere Senpai-Sama,Great experience to get into D&D. 10/10
76561198006846715,Not Recommended,325600,19131220,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Vitto3867,"i found this game to lack the real genuis of D&D Games if you want a good one pick up Baulders Gate, Icewind Dale, or NWN series this is a failure to there previous generations of gaming. too much like a MMORPG instead of allowing a versatile building like previous games"
76561198122184555,Not Recommended,325600,19516458,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Jeroeco,for the most part... its a rough games more a beta
76561198073326732,Not Recommended,325600,20073404,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,allinone,The fullscreen mode dont work why?
76561197969664980,Not Recommended,325600,18981606,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Scripture,Sadly the game wasnt ready for launch.  Maybe in a year if the Developer decides to keep working on things it will get better.
76561198009419255,Recommended,325600,19816048,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,e-martin1,"Was fun, tho i wish i could have made my own party of 4 people, but still fun"
76561198067730735,Recommended,325600,19968288,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Valeraxiel,More fun with friends!
,Not Recommended,325600,30085215,Posted: 21 February,all,Perrind,Major let down. The restriction of customization is crazy.
,Recommended,325600,19725875,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Zackrin,"I love this game, as it brings back the old school table-top feels.Good mic support, flexible engine, especially for dming on the fly.Beautiful music. It's great!"
76561198048242026,Not Recommended,325600,18700723,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,KixAcelot,"I so badly and desparately wanted this game to be good.  I excitedly showed videos to friends in the hope that they would get even half as excited as I was and buy the game.*sigh*  silly me.I don't want to go into the details of the flaws of the game but suffice it to say that I was bored.  Usually with a shiny new game I stay up all night playing and think about it all day at work until I get to play again.  With Sword Coast Legends I played for a few hours muddling through a terrible character creation process (that did little to give me a reason to select one class or race over another) then went to bed.  The following night I logged in, played for a bit, then since I was so bored with the game I went and watched Arrow with my wife.  And I'm not really a big fan of Arrow.I don't want my friends to buy this game now.  I still want them to BE my friends later.The game is boring."
,Recommended,325600,28168350,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,OKK,"THIS is the game i wanted when Neverwinter nights 2 came out. It has evereything you want when it comes to single player experience. Forget aboout all the hype, and all the bad press. Think of Neverwinter nights in a updated shell with better multiplayer.It is absolutely worth the purchase."
76561198086541822,Recommended,325600,19110883,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Tyranius,"An enjoyable game that has its own draw backs, like any other pc game a person might play."
,Recommended,325600,28223528,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Mintydragonbreath,"Pretty decent RPG game for campaining.  It may not be top end, but is definitely worth playing."
,Recommended,325600,26180801,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Rokir,Veri nice Yees!
76561198110550784,Recommended,325600,23432416,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Aguijón,"I like D&D, I Like Drizzt,yeah!, I like this game."
,Recommended,325600,23441345,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Pond,"Broad but shallow, excellent for dungeon-crawling and campaign creation. Definitely on my watch list for further updates."
76561197983885145,Recommended,325600,20327005,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Zoltan,7.5/10
76561198066725735,Not Recommended,325600,24825897,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,LowFPSman,"There is no online, and it is not surprising, developers are not paying any attention to the game.If u wanna try online u neeed finde people at forums or somthing like this.Optimization is poor, my computer is pretty weak(low FPS), but it can handle most of the new games at the lowest settings quite comfortably(30-100FPS).If u are fan of DnD roleplay sistem this game not for u. It isnt Newerwinter nights, it isnt DnD, only setting at some point.Soooo... This game bad, and money for 1 copy...P.S. Sorry for my english, Im bad at writing :p"
,Not Recommended,325600,30299445,Posted: 3 March,all,Fornicio,"Bit of a letdown for D&D fans, unplayable♥♥♥♥♥♥for everyone else.Go back to Baldur's gate and neverwinter"
76561198110012916,Not Recommended,325600,24516540,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,grimrist,"Does the gameplay have lag issues? I wouldn't know. After creating a character the whole of the game that I saw was the loading screen for two minutes as it ran at 1-3 FPS.Also: Shoutout to whoever on the Dev team decided the assets should all look like they're under the listing of ""Fantasy Weapons"" out of a mail-order catalog."
,Not Recommended,325600,18682675,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Red Phoenix,"I was really looking forward for this game and it wasn't what I expected. It is not the heir for Neverwinter Night I and II. Story is short and full of cliches. Strange bugs, illogical gameplay, easy battles, dull foes. Companion stories are underdeveloped.Maybe community created modules will change my mind and make game better, but right now I can not recommend it.Faerun is big, beautiful world, full of possibilities and I know that better games can be developed for it. This is not one of these games."
,Recommended,325600,25572238,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,runstone7,Love the game but it doesnt seem to have too much potential for multiple story runs and the quests while somewhat different seem alike
76561198007813436,Recommended,325600,25014022,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,JMC17,"Let's start with the bad, if like me, you really enjoy D&D mechanics, then this game will make you curse quite a bit. Just one quick example, in this game, only a few of the paladin and warlock's spells are affected by Charisma and only your character, the main character, can talk to NPCs so having Charisma on anyone else that isn't your character, a paladin or a warlock is absolutely useless.Also forget about having a cool cleric, there is no evil cleric spells, heals doesn't hurt undeads and Charisma doesn't affect anything.The entire spellbook is absolutely boring and as far as I can tell, there is no end-game spells.That wolf you've been summoning since level one is gonna be the same wolf at the end, just with more HP and more damage. I think they also didn't have enough kind of spells to make each class truly shine and have some kind of uniqueness from their presence. The classes kinda blends into each others without really giving you the opportunity of doing something unorthodox.There might be quite a few things I dislike simply because of the everchanging D&D rules.I personally think D&D rules were perfect back then for Baldur's Gate, Icewindale and NWN (I know, NWN doesn't use the same rules as Baldur's Gate but they're close enough).If you try to fix something that isn't broken, you'll end up with Sword Coast Legends.I'm still going to thumb up the game because despite all of this, despite some of the crappy mechanics and shallow spells/abilities, this game still manages to suck you in.I'm far from being done with the game and yet the story, the progression, the items and stats are just totally on point. The game doesn't shy away from mature content and doesn't treat you like a child. You can easily get mesmerized by the game's atmosphere and wake up hours later!My entire opinion is based on single player. Unless you have friends to play with, you won't be able to play multiplayer as it seems to be dead.I had the chance and joy to play with a friend for a few hours and it was WAY better than playing alone.It helps the RP experience a whole lot because all you have to worry about is your own character and you can somewhat travel independently from your group (as long as it is not long distance travel) meaning you can go visit houses and shops while your friend roams around the town.I'd go into further details but it doesn't feel right since the multiplayer is empty, better judge something everyone can experience."
,Recommended,325600,24701381,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Adonis,"Pretty good game, not sure what the negative reviewers are talking about. I was curious, read some of them, all just talking about some sorta table top game. I don't play the tabletop. I downloaded this game, had fun."
76561197996141421,Recommended,325600,24704517,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,maconis261,"When I first purchased this game it was right after playing Pillars of eternity and was kind of spoiled on that, and actually got a refund  and was disheartened ,Then I decided lately to give it a try with the auto battle pause on and really enjoyed it ,it will slow the battle scenes down drastically but I not only enjoyed it more ,I think it got me through situations I wouldn't have normally like having characters revive a party member in the middle of fights has won me battles I wouldn't normally . I also think a little more voice acting would be nice ,and some stealing consequences would be nice also when being able to rummage through cabnets and such right in front of NPC's and also being able to attack NPC's with legal consequences would create more realism  ,and a few more things ,but all in all I am really enjoying The Campaign and look forward to the Player made adventures ,glad I restarted it ,made a Drow Rogue ,cliche but very fun."
76561198069487820,Recommended,325600,25540802,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,boothj123,I actually like this game it is light on the d&d side of things but it is fun and I enjoyed it thouroughly.
76561198141711702,Recommended,325600,25046059,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,adamlink747,"Fairly good game.  Does not live up to its total potential but worth the 20 dollars I paid for it for sure.  Wish they would allow a different Camera angle that is my biggest complaint.  My only other major complaint is that this should be steam workshop and it is not.  The game itself is rather enjoyable, even if the power/ability tree of this game is rather so-so.  7.5/10"
76561198186665093,Recommended,325600,23625892,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,honda84420,"Fun game with a cool story, good voice acting and nice graphics. For 11$ on sale I cant complain!"
76561197997092694,Not Recommended,325600,18581590,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Karness,its a good game but there is one thing that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me and my friends off when we play co-op story mode is bloody long ars loadings...... it never ends we have to do alt+f4 every time and by the way i dont recommend this game for now till they fix it ofc
76561197992442228,Recommended,325600,22946396,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Uninstall,"Its a nice game, I liked it."
76561198130952012,Recommended,325600,18589513,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,houseoblodradm,"Sigh.I dont know where to begin. First off, is the game any good? yeah, i suppose it is. But thats more than likely just nostalgia from a  decade of reading forgotten realms novels and DMing most of my campaigns on the Sword Coast, up to and including my current 5th edition campaign. Character creation is actually pretty damn fun. But unfortunately that just gets you hyped up for a rather lackluster game. The Story(ignore the only 2 hours of playtime please, i got 12+ hours in on the most recent headstart and am well into act II of the story, maybe even the start of act III) isnt bad, but it is by no means impressive. However, I already can't bring myself to start a new char and go through the DREADFULL prologue again. I dont even think you can skip dialogue or speed it up at all. Maybe thats the point because ""its D&D"" but at least come at me with some decent voice acting if you are gonna make me sit through that.  Also, give me a break with the damn classes and races. Arent we past this crap? If its 5e D&D then i want the full run of classes and races. No damn exceptions. I dont want to hear any.The actual gameplay is good however, no major issues or bugs that i have noticed yet. Combat is fun, havent really tried it on any sort of challenging difficulty yet though.Im selecting ""yes"" to recommend this game only because it has potential and im hoping it gets realized. But Im gonna be honest, you guys(the developers) really mislead us as to the depth of the DM mode. I mean REALLY dropped the ball on it. I dont even have the heart to get into how disappointed in that aspect of the game i am. Read another reveiw for  that.On a whole though, as someone who preordered in July and has looked forward to this game since well before then, i am completely disappointed. Just clean this up, please."
76561197992114882,Not Recommended,325600,22778668,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,The Method,"I'd give more time to review this but its not even worth my time. Easily, my most regretted per-order ever. Because broken and boring."
76561198277328285,Not Recommended,325600,31514509,Posted: 2 May,all,solidsven,"The way titles are managed on Steam has left me wondering why I would ever spend another dime on steam games. This game was working, an update occured, a giant pink box now overlays the game when playing making gameplay useless.Missing the days when a game just worked... always."
,Recommended,325600,18631722,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,CurrentlyCrazy,"To be able to work out some of the stories for Faerûn in a Top-Down rpg style game, is very rewarding. And being able to play through a story that feels like you're playing with a skilled DM at the table is even better. So all in all, if you love Faerûn and are not silly enough to think the vast freedom of the tabletop is recreated in this gem, you will fall in love with Sword Coast Legends. Craft your own story or play in someone else's with or without a DM and with or without other players, and then tell me how your character became a legend."
76561198015088234,Recommended,325600,18595076,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Kevin Snowpaw,"I see a lot of people moaning about how it's nopt a direct translation of the 5e rules set and how the DM tools are limited but the story mode holds up and the DM tools are still pretty good, theres clearly more to come as the dev team has said they intend to make this game extreamly moduler with updates and so on.My only beef is the combat is a still...stale forceing you to choose early on from a verity of abilities for your charicters or focusing on abilities to mkae them more effective, but it does add a layer of stratagy.theres also some good humer in the game and the storys not bad, I find the party members in the story mode to be more or less interesting, I would like more of an opertunity to flush out my own back story however.in its current state I would give it a 7 out of 10 if the dev team continues to support the game with more tools classes and races ect, then that becomes an 8.5"
,Recommended,325600,18594875,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,flakrat,I've played about 10 hours of single player and absolutely love the game. So far I am highly recommending this to my friends!
,Not Recommended,325600,18630108,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Captain Sarcazmo,"First i got a game crash in start menu.Then i got a blue screen after a bandit ambush.I got a slow scrolling menus and bad framerate.And, for all i've seen, I got a pretty simple, almost primitive party RPG.I waited for this game.I am disappointed.This is actually the second (!) game im demanding a refund.I think, you should get a refund too.//Сначала я получил выдет из стартового меню.Потом вылетел в синий экран после часа игры.В игре тормозят менюшки и вообще фремрейт хреновый.Ну и наконец, из того, что я увидел, я могу заключить, что игрушка весьма примитивная.Я реально ждал эту игру, и теперь я разочарован.Это будет вторая игра, за которую я возвращаю деньги.Вам бы тоже следовало"
76561198032379089,Recommended,325600,23114741,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Agent Provocateur,Good game.
76561197972777158,Recommended,325600,18607456,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Zen,If you like games like Baldur's Gate & Neverwinter Nights.You will like Sword Coast Legends
76561197992687121,Recommended,325600,18602189,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Robbo (AR),"I'm 3 hours in and loving every minute.It's not hard core D&D and that's what a lot of the negative reviews are about, but it is fun.Seriously , as long as you're not a die hard D&D fan you'll probably enjoy this one.Check the reviews (the real reviews - not here)"
76561197974440065,Recommended,325600,18593146,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Made Man,"I am really enjoying the campaign so far. Feels old school, feel a connection with my companions kind of reminds me of playing Bauldersgate. Don't understand the negative reviews. The combat is ok i would rather prefer the traditional D&D skills and spells. The graphics are good for not being a big budget CRPG. I am enjoying the atmosphere and feel to the   game, like the music and the voice acting is acceptable to me not the best but not the worse either. This is not D&D ruleset but it is in the D&D lore which i always enjoy. So far the story is good I have that need to go forward to see what will happen, and I like my companions. As of right now i would give it a 8/10. When community content comes out my score may go higher."
76561198038937989,Not Recommended,325600,18776192,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Dal,cant recommend it... i just cant..
,Not Recommended,325600,18638998,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Overburn,"If you came for the DM tools. . .  you are out of luck. If you came hoping to see user created content (in single player) like NWN. . .  you are out of luck.If you want it for its single player game play, I hear people say it has a good story. But I have plenty of single player/multiplayer CRPG games that i can play at the moment. The Toolset was this game's golden goose, and so far. . .  they really blew it. I do hope they patch it up to something amazing but i am not waiting around to see. Got my refund today. Will purchase aghain later if it becomes something more. . . a lot more. . .  than it is now."
76561198032255039,Recommended,325600,19271999,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Surphus,Don't see what all the complaints are about. Good Game.
76561198023994353,Not Recommended,325600,19752734,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Big Bill Doyle,Go on GOG and buy Neverwinter Nights 1... You're welcome
,Not Recommended,325600,19759456,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,MorPG,"I'm a fan of rpg games , but this one is just too hard for me..."
,Not Recommended,325600,18602319,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Rob Graham,"ok if it kept the 'head Start' hours there would be a lot more here. .. This is as 'based' on the 5th edition of D&D as well Starship Troopers was based on the Book (not much). It is NOT like NWN or BG etc It's more like Diablo, rather than feats and the proper normal character progressions etc that you expect from D&D with the high level of customisation etc you get 3 skill points every level.. to spend on skill tree's, Wizards are cut down things with out spellbooks (Skill tree based again). etc etc.. Eg this is NOT what N-Space have been hyping and advertising as 'the closest thing to D&D on a pc'.And oh yeah lookhttp://www.rockpapershotgun.com/2015/10/21/sword-coast-legends-review/i'm not the only one who thinks soYou want as close to the real thing on a PC? Go get BG1,2, Return to the ToEE, Planescape, Neverwinter Nights 1 & 2 etc.. THOSE where like the real thing.. And NWN 1 & 2 had DM mode and the ability to truly make 100% customised modules etc etc.. THIS DOES NOT.. You can't even make unique monsters.If your after some ARPG stuff.. kinda like Diablo.. maybe.. with some Forgotten Realm flavour than you might like this but otherwise stay away."
,Not Recommended,325600,18586134,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Coolskeleton95,"Lets get this straight. I have hardly played it, I have only booted it up and messed around but there are already things I am not happy about. I am an avid DnD player and lover of games such as Neverwinter Nights and Baldurs so here we go:- DM mode. Incredibly lacking. This stemmed from when I wanted to create a basic mercantile camp with a quest of collecting firewood. Not a hard thing, however in the quest menu, the amount of items you can pick for a ""fetch"" quest are staggeringly little. The amount of items and decoration I could place was also laughable. Hardly any items that would fit in, also with the fact the entire camp layout is already pre-generated so I could not edit it myself.- Character Generation. So this may sound very picky, but the selection on races you can play as begs for more. You have the most basic of the races. Where is Tiefling, or Warforged or Aasimar? These are races which are currently IN DnD 5e. I am used to many RPG's being very restrictive on character generation, however this is a DnD game. Of which one of the most advertised points is the DM mode. How can you effectively immerse your players in a story if EVERY one is the basic races. Just a couple of extra options here, including maybe scars or tattoos (looking at Thay here guys and gals) would actually really improve the game.I was super excited for this game, however the incredibly lackluster DM mode which was the feature I was most excited about has really let it down for me. As it stands. Its a beautiful game graphically with potential. However. As it is now, I would not reccommend it. Perhaps if they update it in the near future with better tilesets, items, character customising, perhaps then I'll actually reccomend it. But not at the moment."
76561198056432743,Recommended,325600,18592873,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Mhblis,7/10 Is my recommendationAt first glance I was disapointed. SCL was not what I wanted it to be. It is not a faithful recreation of the pen and paper table top.Then I actually played the game and what it is it does very well. It has a great single player story and it is well fleshed out.Where SCL really shines though is the multiplayer and actually reading what the Devs have said about it that is what they were actually creating.The random dungeons are great for hopping into and having a quick game with a group of strangers. The live DM aspect really makes this pop since no run thorugh is the same and they can tweak it on the fly.As more modules come out the campaign based Live DM aspect is really going to come into it's own but right now it's just not there but then this is being written day 1 of release. Time is needed here.All that said there are some issues.The actual DM tools as of writting this on the day of release is still too limited. Not enough assests and not enough DM control as yet. Those things will come and as of the headstarts have already been added to.Next there is the balance between skills but this is really just number tweaking so anothering thing easily fixed.Lastly though is somehting that can't be easily fixed and it is both a positive and a negative. The way many of the 5e mechanics have been implemented is really faithful and noticably working. Where they fell down is where they drifted too far away and it has caused some of the balance issues or just clunky aspects.All said and done I enjoy SCL and with time it can only get better. Many of the reviews complain it's not NWN2 but what people forget is that it took the abysmal NWN1 to get there and SCL is head an shoulders above that.
,Recommended,325600,18625056,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Atreyu@4:44,"Not sure why the hate from the user reviews.  I'm having a blast.No, it's not a tabletop DnD simulator, but I have wednesday night D&D encounters for that.  I'm having fun playing SCL, both as a player and DM, and look forward to the game getting better with post-launch content and support."
76561198048613311,Not Recommended,325600,18783597,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,sage4506,Not D&D. The new 5th edition rules are great. I wish the creators of this game would have followed them....
76561198089972835,Not Recommended,325600,21142835,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,xXsc0rp1dXx,"I am really unsure that this game is any good at all... I bought it because its only $19.99 but in a way I can see why... They don't have all the D&D Classes or Races, the loading times on older computers takes forever, almost reminds me of when I used to play games on Tandy computers like ""Kings Quest"" and wait 5-10 minutes to load the next area, and 90% of the stuff you loot from monsters is vendor junk or just a few coins... They say its a D&D skills/spell/Level based system but when you play it its nothing like D&D besides the item specifications. Leveling up takes quite a while and when you do level up all your skills/spells are just on a skill tree (I can see skill trees working for a lot of different RPG's but NOT for D&D), and the skills and spells don't even work the way you would expect them to, like the spell ""Goodberry"" in real D&D that spell would create berries people can eat like a potion to heal themselves, but on this game its cast just like the spell ""Cure Light Wounds""... I like the system where you have to search for new spells and scribe them into your spell book to learn them, or learn directly from an NPC which is nothing related to this game... The other problem with the skill trees in this game is that there really is only a small limited number of actual skills and spells, the trees don't give you hardly any new skills or spells just improvisions of primary skills, so expect only to have a select few spells or skills that you keep upgrading with levels. It was a huge waste of money, even for just $19.99, Neverwinter Nights I & II, Baldur's Gate I & II, and Icewind Dale were all WAY better than this game by far!"
76561198071097490,Recommended,325600,18629188,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Emriss,"Though I am still having fun with the game its not holding my attention as much as I expected it to. DM mode is lacking the actual experience one should get when building a foul and evil dungeon, I don't feel like I am getting that story telling experience. I would very much like to see changes to building like actually being able to make the rooms,  with prefab wall, flooring and path tools. I wanted to build a dungeon where you have to collect a key from a mini boss in order to get to the next part of the dungeon, suffice to say you cannot set creature loot, which for the most part takes a huge chunk of creativity out of being a DM. Though I understand its a bit early in the game I feel you gave us the halloween candy from 10-15 years ago, its hard to eat and usually gets thrown out.I also expected more for my money, so I suspect if you release expasions without further improvement to the actual play quality you will probably get backlash from the majority of players. When I say play quality I mean actual DM, dungeon building experience. smoother game play, combat. You have the idea but your not using the available tools to pull it off.Feels like your sinking a screw into a brick wall with a hammer, when you clearly have power tools to the job correctly.I would recommend this game in the hopes that a larger player base will give the developers the motive to improve some of the problems I and many more have pointed out."
76561197961602410,Not Recommended,325600,18845870,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Noctem,"3/10 would not recommend to anyone.  The game is full of bugs, graphical issues, terrible voice acting, multiplayer is poorly set up and disconnects are frequent.  All the awards it won at E3 just go to show how lax the requriements for these awards are.  Read the reviews from other sites.  This game is barely getting 5/10 from IGN and other websites.  The DM tools are complete garbage.  You couldn't run a campaign in here to save your life.  DO NOT BUY and if you did buy get a refund ASAP!!!"
76561198004062866,Recommended,325600,19093692,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Belron,So far it is a grate game. Holds True to D&D.
76561198170993849,Not Recommended,325600,19838440,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Leveaux,"I bought this game today due to the sale.  So far the game seems like it could be fun, but it keeps crashing.  I have adjusted settings and looked online to find a solution but am unable to find anything about stopping the crash.  This is the only game I am having this issue with.  Not that happy with this purchase...."
76561197960757936,Not Recommended,325600,19995384,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Kali,"Terrible animations, terrible UI, terrible controls. NO edge scrolling... WTF?"
76561198035561197,Not Recommended,325600,20986356,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,LadyShiva,"It's alright. Dont expect the game play, art, or characters to be as good as neverWinter Night or Balders Gate was all those years ago. Kind of a let down."
,Not Recommended,325600,30943641,Posted: 4 April,all,Straitjacket Samurai,"It's okay, I guess.  It plays awkwardly and feels kind of shallow.  I'm not sure what they were trying to do with the game.If I could give it a sideways thumb, I would."
76561198128153462,Not Recommended,325600,18587476,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,cameron871,A buggy mess which freezes and has a terrible frame rate even on high powered PCs.  My advice wait for an update or two then try again later.
,Not Recommended,325600,18625745,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,WλR HOG 419,"Bait and Switch by the Devs. It was presented as a D&D game. Its not. It is a arcade hack and slash MMO styled game. It does not follow 5e like they said or any other version of D&D rules. i.e. charcter abalities do not follow any d&d rules, they are all new made up to fit the acrade play of this game. It is extreamly limited on where you can go and what you can do. this carries over into the ""DM"" mode of making your own campaign.. you cant make your own at all.. you use a template already made.. i.e. you want to make the town of Balduars Gate you have to use the same template they used to make the town of Lusken in this game. There is no changing houses, locations ect.. want to make your adventure in the woods? okay you have to use the two maps already made that are the woods.. I could go on and on. Its decent at best, but not worth $30 or higher. Its a $10 game tops. It is a huge let down to any D&D fan. Neverwinter Nights 1 & 2 and the Balduars Gate serries are far better games than this."
76561198077019118,Not Recommended,325600,18594816,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,magnusalan,"Not a broken game, not a bad game, but if you are a PnP enthusiast, you'll be bored in 5 minutes.  Dragon Age: Origins game mechanics set in Forgotten Realms.  The only thing D&D about it is the copyrighted names and special monsters."
76561197978250660,Not Recommended,325600,18621168,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,thesilvermonkey,Burning a $50 bill would be more entertaining and a better use of money than buying this game.
76561198064103523,Recommended,325600,18618639,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Kovac,Good
76561198038915428,Not Recommended,325600,31154994,Posted: 15 April,all,snakeking,"This is game more like a advance ACRPG with some D&D elements.It just got a few races and classesto choice from and a short ability tree.Also it don't have any skills like arcana, deception, history, insight, intimidation, investgation, medicine, nature, perception, perfomance, persuasion, religion, sleight of hand, survival.There is no craft system and no reputation.The alignment of a character is just for show.You can't learn spells from a scroll as a wizard.The story line is proper linear and have not mutch different endings.DM Mode is the wurst part of this game and it miss tons of stuff.However the game it self is playble the campaign story is the strongest part of this game.The game mechanics  and layout are okay but the level scaling system that this game use is not always in balance.The game have some potencial and it could be a great game.Sad enough the developers get broke and bankrupt so it will not come to that.With all this i give a thumb down for this game."
76561198041364183,Recommended,325600,18991356,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,blackice001,"Not only is this game great, but it also has the potential of being epic.  I personaly don't understand why the reviews are so mixed.  If you enjoied the baulders gate game or the Divinity games then you will most likely enjoy this one.  Allready the Devs have commited to improving the game and included a free DLC due in December.  Grab a random dungon crawl before work, or commit serious time to a  player made campaign.   Some Campaigns even have a live DM to spice things up on the fly.   With new tile sets and maps being added in constantly the DM's out there are going to have more and more resources to produce some realy grand adventures (and a few epic flops).  All in all I give this game an 8 out of 10."
,Recommended,325600,18982186,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Misaka,"""But sir, the woman is unarmed, it would be dishonorable to kill her""""Do your duty soldier!""NPC woman explodes in a shower of gore and body parts go flying everywhere since the soldier landed a critical strike;p"
76561197989707460,Recommended,325600,19026631,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,halifax,"I'm enjoying the SP campaign of the game so far.  A good streamlined game engine that finds a balance between too complex and too simplified.  Of course, this is a matter of taste - many haters of the game were expecting more D&D complexity to the PC's leveling instead of skill-trees, etc.  I've played all the NWNs games plus expansions, and they were great, but I'm OK with the D&D light formula also, myself.  Fun to play on the Steam Controller in M+KB mode."
76561198129810585,Not Recommended,325600,19673182,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,alexander.kjall,"I would like to warn everyone to stay away from this game in it's current form.I have so far been forced to restart the game twice because the saved game files have become corrupted, the exact error message i get is ""Save data for this is invalid"".Regardless of that the game in itself is also very buggy, let me list a few things that is broken:* I have multiple times become stuck in dungeons becase that the exit area doesn't respond to clicks.* When talking to NPC the camera is often positioned at or below ground level and pointing in a random direction.* During battle the game stops rendering enemies sometimes, making them impossible to target. The enemies still deal damage to you.Hopefully the developers will pull themself together and fix their bugs, but it doesn't seem to have happened that much on that in the two coomunity patches that have been released so far.Until that they do, do not spend money on this game, as it's unplayable."
,Not Recommended,325600,19840943,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,The Kylos,This game is incredibly boring and tedious. The tutorial level makes me not want to play the game and this problem isn't aided by the lack of fun in the gameplay itself. This game feels like a watered down combination of Diablo and World Of Warcraft. I would not recommend you buy this game or play it.
76561197970893384,Not Recommended,325600,20176872,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,HeadBrewer,Requires an external log in.
76561198043666014,Not Recommended,325600,21005079,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,The Butler did it,Was expecting a good new version of baulders gate with more creation options and 5 man. Got ez lame disaapointment.
,Not Recommended,325600,18738482,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Frawlyne,http://steamcommunity.com/app/325600/discussions/0/490124466457326585/
76561198248872754,Not Recommended,325600,18750186,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,richard.weaver83,Buying this game reminded me of dnd 4th edition the pen and paper version of the game. I was looking forward to this game for along time and when I got it I tryed so hard to like it and find reasons to play it. Its another huge disapointment by wizards again. It seems like they dont put forth hardly any effort to release any quality products as of late and I will find it hard to put forth any money in the furture with that brand.
76561198298090876,Not Recommended,325600,22768345,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,geoffdean,It takes longer to load each of the zones than to play them.
,Not Recommended,325600,18592871,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Hamm,"This game is really, really bad.  Like unfinished indie game from some fly by night operation.  I really looked forward to this game, I thought by delaying a month they were really devoted to releasing something polished.  This is NOT that.  It feels like a half finished version of Baldurs Gate.  The DM tools are weak and the combat when playing multiplayer is laughable.  It is NOT a D&D experience, not even close."
76561197965776480,Not Recommended,325600,18629740,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Sage707a,"The single player story element isnt bad-- the multiplayer leaves alot to be desired. If you are buying this solely for the multiplayer, then its totally not worth the money. if this game went on sale for $9.99 then it would be worth it. the game tries to be an arpg like diablo but with roleplaying elements from nwn2/dragon age-- sadly it does neither well :("
,Recommended,325600,19766406,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Erich,"Haters gonna hate, but this game is a fun dungeon crawler with immense potential to lose yourself in RPG-ing with friends. The devs recognized where they failed to follow-through on release, and have been improving the game drastically since. If you're a fan of D&D, RPGs in general, and love to create, then this is definitely a game for you."
76561198022222012,Recommended,325600,21910100,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,craigholmquist,This is the video game version of the classic Dungeons & Dragons tabletop RPG for which I've always waited!  I love this game and I cannot wait for updates and new material!
,Not Recommended,325600,18639020,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,jackalhead,"Lags like molasses on a computer that runs Battlefront on mostly high settings no issues.  The silly DM spawn dices with high res layer after layer of affects do it every time.  Very buggy as well.  Skills don't always work in DM mode, instead making your selected unit walk to the target and just stand there like an idiot.  Do not buy."
76561198053342130,Not Recommended,325600,30624926,Posted: 19 March,all,Blueberry,startsthe game with charactors missing.   unable to start game
,Not Recommended,325600,25194617,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Linus,"The game is broken. Since latest patch, on older GPUs (but still newer than the minimum requirements), a big purple square (1/6 of the screen) is overlayed over the game, making it unplayable - and publisher refuses to do anything about it, recommends to buy a new GPU.https://swordcoast.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/220635187-I-see-a-pink-box-during-gameplay"
,Recommended,325600,20518588,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Mornblade,"I really love Dungeons and Dragons and computer RPG's. I've been playing games like this one for years. This game is the best example of that kind of game produced in a long time. I not only have the current content to play, but I'm looking forward to future development and community created content. I highly recommend this one to anyone who loves RPG-style games."
76561197998057756,Not Recommended,325600,18649176,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,kiwihiker,"Very disappointing. I'll write more later when I'm feeling more motivated, Probably by another game."
76561198061500859,Not Recommended,325600,18674599,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,valdemarsh1,"- It's not ad&d at allSystem is rubbish (difference between classes are cosmetic, and best way to upgrade your secondary characters upgrade their armor to heavy)+ ad&d universegood storyline with many sidequests"
76561198201972552,Not Recommended,325600,30623895,Posted: 19 March,all,Eilin Silversong,really worst game I have ever played. fullscreen mode wasnt working and now I fixed that problem any keyboard click taking me back to desktop. really a waste of money.
76561198018556647,Recommended,325600,19740956,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,JonnieR,"I have to admit I have been a D&D junkie since college (a long time ago) and I have thoroughly enjoyed the various efforts to put the D&D game on the computer starting with the Gold Box Games, Baldur's Gate Series, Neverwinter Nights I and II and now Sword Coast Legends. I have to say my favorite so far is Sword Coast Legends. It combines good game play with an excellent and improving mod development system and it allows you to play as a DM and with DM which only manke the games better. They also chose to introduce the game and then immediately make Community Packs (CP) available as soon as possible to add to and enhance the game. Each CP has added significantly to the game, there have two so far, and both have enhanced it playability. In stead of intoducing a Beta version which they patch for the next several years or so to make it playable, as they did with Neverwinter 2, or, even worse try to sell their customers additional DLCs just to make the game bearable, N-Space took the high road and are providing substantive free additions on a timely basis. The modes of play which include a substantial campaign, community designed modules (which are pretty well written) and a dungeon crawl mode can all be played with or without a DM. The additional of the DM makes the all the games I have played very enjoyable and worth my time.This was an ambitous undertaking and N-Space did a very good job at pulling it off. I not only recommend this game, I hardily endorse as a good use of your gaming budget."
76561198166633536,Not Recommended,325600,18736987,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,coryhuff,"Game is slow, buggy and hard to play. Not an enjoyable experience. Also, the game was marketed as D&D. The only thing this game has in common with D&D is the name. The rule systems are different and that's disappointing, considering I bought the game because I wanted an updated D&D game.The system is fine by itself, but the execution is so poor that it ruins the experience of the game."
76561198048273949,Not Recommended,325600,18884366,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Morgathys,My game crash often.. another release full of bugs hasted to deliver before christmas..Make D&D a good quality product!
76561198026892903,Recommended,325600,28261589,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Bijat,"Story is the only saving grace....altho compare to alot of other deep RPGs the story is not THAT special its still well made with alot of sidequests (altho some rly iritated) and intresting companions.The combat is subpar..the best way to deal with allmost any threat is to use the 2 super buffs (about x2-x4 increase to health(at lev 18), 20% resistance to all, 3ac) and focus on fast attacks and pwn pritty mutch anythingu may wish to use cc early game (up to lev4-7, depending on gear) but after that i never had a ally drop below 80%hp fully buffed....at some places i even pulled 20+ enemys on my warlock and aslong i had buffs i was safe...and killed evryone with retaliation dmg...the movment/controlls are ok not that great..but compare to NVN2/BG2/ICW1/2 etc they hold uptheres a irritating focus on multiplayer tho...it rly feels like a multiplayer game even when u play your solo campain...keep getting loggen off...have to select solo b4 continue campain and other little things"
,Not Recommended,325600,31849286,Posted: 19 May,all,e|R|uanga,"can't seem to find a good look on my toon. And the way he walks, so wrong... don't have issue with any other thing... but the way my toon walks turn me off..."
,Recommended,325600,19319105,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,slaver-,"Good game. Lots of interesting loot and a decent (cheesy) story. Fights are fun and difficult.  Even when fighting a rat my fighter needs support more often then not. Forces me to use cleric and mage much more then I normally would. I'm playing on hard and my party ends up being defeted quite a bit. I've been playing RPGs since Dungeon Keep and honestly nothing in recent memory stroke a chord with me as much as this other then Divinity Origin. Altough, I like the less cartoonish look of this game better. For example the weapons aren't as gigantic.  It's got a nice variety of enemies too. Overall it's very good and I've only tried the single player so far."
76561198215076404,Recommended,325600,19925001,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Nightstar7,Sword Coast Legeds is a fun. But it missing some things that might make better like the monk class or dragonborn race.
,Recommended,325600,18683627,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Aegria,its not that bad.Deal with it!
,Not Recommended,325600,18673610,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Ozric,"This game is not remotely what it was billed to be.  It does not even follow the 5th edition D&D rules it claims to use.  I can get over the difference in gameplay style, with cooldowns for skills, but the very fact that any class can dual wield without any penalties is just ridiculous.  There's a barely passable relation to D&D but the fact that, for example, Intelligence has no affect on the amount of attribute points you get per level, there's no real thought that goes into Character Creation (which is very limited anyway!).  You are not even able to see how good your characters are at different skills, like searching or lock picking, so there's no way of seeing who would be better scouting ahead and anyone can just go disable a trap if they feel like it... Crazy.For what it is, it was not a bad game for the time that I played it, but it is certainly not was expected.  Sorry, false advertising in my humble opinion."
76561198128026613,Not Recommended,325600,18692176,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,amnsolmon,"Quite simply I don't enjoy this game. I enjoy DnD on the tabletop, most hack and slash diablo esque games, and baulders gate and similiar titles. SCL just fails to draw me in, there is no life to the game, it seems like a poor cash grab, I wholeheartedly regret purchasing it."
,Not Recommended,325600,18698975,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Gadzooks,"Steam, ""Your mouse click leads you to a new store page featuring the latest D&D adventure game, what do you do?""Customer, ""Run away quickly, while making sure my wallet remains closed."""
76561197972163669,Not Recommended,325600,23815549,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,tsukai_sagasu,"Purchased new today, created character, started game, giant pink box on top of character and surrounding area. unplayable. apparently devs aware and disinteretested in fixing. refund requested. DO NOT PURCHASE. find something that works."
,Recommended,325600,19796444,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,***,"Well this game is fun,what I like about this game is the magic system,magic use cooldown, unlike other game where you need to sleep and then come with a ton barage of magics,in this game you are restricted using magic by cooldown.So I'm not stingy when using even the most powerful magic or abuse it by constantly sleeping.It's moderation."
76561198009129615,Recommended,325600,25519744,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Ghilteras,"I dont understand all the bad reviews on this game. I like it very much and personally I think it's much better than Pillars of Eternity. In some ways its semplicity takes it almost at the same level of Divinity Original Sin (where the craftin is simply broken and a huge flaw of the game).I recommend you to try it, most of the bad reviews are really unfair, this game deserves more attention. I strongly hope in a sequel more centered on the campain rather then on the DM engine"
,Not Recommended,325600,18632577,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Trezzia,"Neverwinter Nights and Dragon Age are far better games, but that said, this is the only non-MMO D&D game that has come along is a very long time.  So it certainly scratches that itch.  If n-space fixes the gameplay, immersion, and performance issues in a Sword Coast Legends 2, I'd certainly buy it.For those considering this game, its like combining NWN, DA, with 5th edition D&D.  Although at first that may sound awesome, it doesn't take the best of each, nor does it strictly adhere to the new D&D rules, and its look and feel are more like a browser game (i.e., it's not that immersive and is sometimes frustrating).  The game runs very sluggish on my powerhouse of a PC, so those with weaker PC's beware."
76561198254909863,Recommended,325600,20451211,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,cngreen87,Awesome game! Love it!
76561198043250113,Recommended,325600,24156898,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,John Doe,"I really like game similar to this, but having played this game for a while, some flaws are way too annoying. here are few:for a D&D game there're only 7 classes and 6 races to choose from,spells are very limited,you can only create 10 characters (why?)for reasons unknown the game took an astonishing 3 mins to load characters (OMG why?)the game ramdomly crashes your PC (I mean really?), unless you set the graphic to a very particular setting, it is , of course very unpleasant looking. (OMFG, WHY? this is a old bug too.)But for some reason I like this game."
,Recommended,325600,19081408,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Freesoul,"This is SO much fun in COOP !I had the game for some time and put it on hold because of the bad reviews (and my backlog was full) and after a long night of COOP It's amazing how much underrated this game is.Unless you are a D&D purist that can't get over the fact that this is not purely based on D&D rules, just grab it and have some fun with your friends !"
76561198084152259,Recommended,325600,32011921,Posted: 27 May,all,efgreenwood,This game is really good. Dont knock it until you have tried it.  It's a must for DD fanatics.
76561198023299479,Not Recommended,325600,31486244,Posted: 1 May,all,cliffaw1,Do not buy this game - it asks you to set up an account and then won't accept your details.
76561198031157697,Not Recommended,325600,18595517,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Jab,"Dungeons & Dragons game with NO DRAGONS.boss and monster type options very limited.  NO DRAGONS.BEWARE: MONEY GRABmy freinds and my refund requests were refused repeatedly.Shame it took us longer then 2 hours to figure out there were NO DRAGONS.no orcs.  no anthing but undead, drow, illithids, humans, beasts, sewer creatures, and denizens of the underdark which is just drow with some dark dwarvesNO DRAGONS        0/10it's also very buggy and unpolished.  multiplayer does not hold connection sometimes i.e. my friends drop connection.oh, and every time a multiplayer game closes and i'm not the host it puts me back in windows mode and i have to fix my resolution and restart becuase it bugs out the full screen button.This game is such a mess."
,Not Recommended,325600,18602726,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Silverdawn,"An aggressively generic game with no outstanding qualities I can possibly recommend. Both the Neverwinter MMO and Divinity: Original Sin have a much more robust module/adventure creation system for budding game designers. Pillars of Eternity is a far more engrossing cRPG with a better story and better combat; the same can be said of Divinity: Original Sin. Combat is modeled after Diablo-esque, ARPG hack-and-slash, but the diluted, over-simplified D&D ruleset is poorly suited for hack-and-slash.I have been a passionate fan of the D&D franchise for about fifteen years, and I am profoundly disappointed in SCL. It isn't the spiritual successor to Neverwinter Nights. I can't recommend this game currently; perhaps, with a deep discount and several meaningful content patches--maybe.Caveat emptor."
,Recommended,325600,18648552,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Navigator,"Not quite the game I thought it would be.  I was thinking it would be more like Neverwinter Nights or Baldur's Gate.  I didn't do a lot of research (shame on me) because I didn't want my experience to be spoiled with beforehand knowledge.The game is a nice one.  To summarize it, the game is like Diablo with a Dungeons and Dragons flavor.  It's a lot more action oriented than I like, but it is still fun.I'm still trying out the game, learning the ins and outs.  However, I will say that it's fun, I don't regret buying it, and if you're looking for a ""true"" D&D RPG experience (NWN, BG, IWD, ToEE, etc) then this may not be right for you.  But, if you like faster-paced action and the ability to create on-the-fly adventures for you and your friends, you may enjoy this."
,Not Recommended,325600,18635437,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,The Deliverator,"Edit 4/9/2016: RIP n-Space. Guess we aren't getting that toolset after all.It's a really good idea, but falls just short of the mark.The content creator and, by extension, the DM mode suck. You can only attach one line of dialogue to an NPC, and the selection of placeables is severely limited. You also cannot construct your own maps; you instead have a (rather small) selection of premade or procedurally generated maps. These could be convenient shortcuts in a more fully-featured content creation kit, but instead, they're all you get.The combat system feels nice, but seems a little too oversimplified in design. It's more MMO than D&D.I went in expecting to be able to create really cool, detailed custom modules for my friends, like I used to do in Neverwinter Nights. This didn't seem like too unreasonable of an expectation, since it was hinted at by all the marketing material I saw. If I were at least given a proper creation kit, I could deal with the simplified mechanics.Neverwinter Nights is to Legos as Sword Coast Legends is to Duplos. One is really cool and intricate and allows you to do anything you can think of (Legos). The other is pared down and made really simple for the sake of accessibility, and this makes it rather boring in the long-term, something that you grow out of quickly (Duplos).It's fun and all, but it isn't the kind of fun I was really hoping for. There are two kinds of fun: IMMEDIATE fun and LONG-TERM fun. Immediate fun is right there, it's in your face, it's instant gratification—but it quickly loses its luster. Long-term fun, on the other hand, is more elusive and requires more investment, but holds your attention longer and is generally more satisfying. It's the buildup, the slow creep, the bit-by-bit construction of something lasting and memorable. The CRPG classics provided mostly long-term fun, which is why they are so memorable. Sword Coast Legends, on the other hand, is more toward the Immediate Fun side of the scale. You level up quickly, you race through the official content, aaaand... you're bored, because there's no platform for the community to create anything meaningful out of it.Nobody in the video game industry these days seems to understand that the D&D community is ALL ABOUT creating our own fun. Give us the right tools and we'll do it—but pregenerated maps, an extremely limited selection of assets, and one line of dialogue per NPC isn't going to allow us to make anything really cool."
76561198036849328,Not Recommended,325600,18591237,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,mdecyk,Don't bother. Can't even sign in. Totally broken.
76561198006555824,Not Recommended,325600,18600959,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Topcop54,"There are FAR too many games similar to this and done FAR better than this. And if you are looking for a new DnD game, dont get this one. The game is about as DnD as Guild Wars. Hell, even Guild Wars feels more DnD than this lol.Whats wrong with it? Well for starters the graphics are ok. Not good, not bad, just ok. The character creation process is pretty bland and a little unintuitive. And the classes themselves are so generic it will make you laugh. Want to play a wizard? Cool, here is magic missle 1, that can be upgraded to MM 2 or MM 3 or MM 4. Really?! Wow, SO exciting lol.And then we get to the gameplay. Very stale and unexciting adaptation of every game in this genre. Nothing new, exciting or original to be found here. The ONLY draw this game has over a game like Pillars of Eternity is the multi player aspect. But with such a boring and bland gameplay system its not worth buying even for that.HUGE thumbs down."
,Not Recommended,325600,18619664,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Jasonius,"I cant even make it through character creation without suffering from an overwhelming sense of disappointment that makes me quit the game. This isnt D&D, it's a same-old video game using the title. There isnt enough flavor to call this D&D and what you can call it is tired and boring. I wish I hadnt wasted the money on it, but I honestly thought that the official release would unlock the rest of the content that would make it a fully realized D&D game (like the rest of the race, class, equipment options, rules etc), but it didn't. The rock paper shotgun release review goes into more and better detail and is absolutely right. One more reason to be skeptical of pre-orders."
76561198174747730,Recommended,325600,18586877,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Basil_the_Brush,"The game was not as good as i thought it would be, but in saying that i am enjoying it. just got to give it a chance. If you like DnD type games then give it a go, i do think people are being a bit over the top with some of the bad comments."
,Not Recommended,325600,34892588,Posted: 11 September,all,Lord KKs,"This game could have been so much better. So many design flaws that completly ruins the experience.Exploration/Controls sucks, its a clicker game, but i need to move the CAMERA with W,A,S,D. Like really? Map is also bad, why i need to push MIDDLE ♥♥♥♥ing mouse to pan the map?? It could be the same controls to move the camera, or could have been left click, so many better options than middle button. Map should be also more descriptive.Quests are too slow paced, takes too much time, too much unnecessary exploration and the controls are already bad, so it felt heavy and exhasting just to play the game, to make it better, there is no point mark to where you should go until you are actually in the place of the quest! How genius! Because of that, many people get stuck with the main quests, if this game wanted to focus on exploration and no guides marks, controls should be fluid like Diablo, PoE, etc.Gameplay design is somewhat a worst clone of dragon age's design. I felt that i have so many useless skills, and not much of ""combos"" options. For exemple i have firebolt, frostbolt, and lighting bolt they are all cantrips that do the same damage to the enemy with no variations or singularities unless you spend points to make them with unique proprieties, but those proprieties are not relevant at all (like 3% chance to stun foes with lighting), do you think i will spend 1 point in this♥♥♥♥♥♥ when i can get a much useful skill??I think the friendly fire killed most of the value of AoE skills, like thunderwave and fireball. Also the D&D combat mechanics simulation makes combat too long, it should be removed completly. Action bar skill placement should be easier to customize and intuitive, something so simple this game fails again. Skill trees are too broad, should be more class especific and with better value to each class.Most of the itens are completly useless and with no gear value, just junk to sell for gold, most itens to buy from merchants are also junk and too expensive.The only really good thing in this game that kept me playing was the story and the D&D setting, but i can't take it anymore, this game is too slow, with bad controls, and not so good combat."
,Not Recommended,325600,20819277,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,FuriousJoe,dishonest to pen and paper dnd which we all love and enjoynot a happy little tree as there are better isometric dungeon crawlers out there that do everything this does but betterminus the dm mode-Bob Ross
76561198019694957,Recommended,325600,22169639,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,dammitsam,"good hack and slash game! pros: Campaign storyline is very good, character progression is pretty fun, music and gameplay is awesome... good graphics and the skills fits with the classes.... cons: Hommet is the worst character ever created, mage class is broken and the game become repetitive.... worth a try"
76561198062479003,Recommended,325600,22191625,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Mashuo,"I have played Tournament, Icewind dale, Baldurs Gate, Pilars of Eternity, Sword Cost Legends, Divinity: Original Sin.Sword Cost Legend seems like a modern Baldurs Gate, I recommend it for anyone who enjoyed any of the titles above."
76561198027775815,Not Recommended,325600,22784925,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Orip,"Dead game.  Multiplayer is non existent.  First Player campaign boring at best.  It's a shame, I really tried and wanted to like this game."
76561198052727243,Not Recommended,325600,18706429,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,comfortare,"A poor knock off of several that did it better 10 years ago. Don't wate your time or money. It doesn't even pass the basic D&D test, spellcasters have push button actions not actual spell inventories. It SUCKS!"
,Not Recommended,325600,18759965,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,jet800,"Repetitive gameplay, co-op bugged and laggy, dialogs are 2-cent, battles are more like diablo and other hack-and-slash games than tactics."
76561198048827051,Not Recommended,325600,19840282,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,xPropaganda,"Could have been cool,  but I really feel like I wasted my money.The menu system is clunky at best, combat is not in any way satisfying, loot is almost solely consumables (which you burn through constantly in said combat). There's like 0 role playing aspect to it, the list goes on. At least it was on sale.DM mode had some promise, but without solid legs to stand on, it falls flat."
76561198025385275,Not Recommended,325600,20863567,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Qiox,"They call it D&D but it is not D&D.   If you see the name D&D and that's why you buy a game.. don't do that here.If you can manage to have no idea that this is supposed to be a D&D game, and if you can manage to know nothing about what was advertised with the DM creation tool... and just jump into the game.. it's possible you will like it."
76561198149412754,Not Recommended,325600,18620655,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,DEW21689,"This review is just looking at the dungeon master tools, I have spent no time as a player character.The game looks amazing on the surface, I was so excited for the ability to create creatures and dungeons.  Unfortunately the ability to do these things is so incredibly gimped they are basically garbage.  As someone playing Dungeons & Dragons for 18 years starting with 1st Edition AD&D and moving to 3.5 I am very sad.Dungeons are randomly generated so if you had hopes of creating custom dungeons of the size and room layout that you envisioned, tough luck because all you are getting is the ability to click ""randomize"" and hope that whatever is generated at the end of the loading screen is only slightly idiotic in terms of layout.Wanted to create an awesome epic ""boss"" creature to directly control?  Well, you can somewhat do this however I personally attempted to create an epic Lich using wizard powers but can only pick a few spells/abilities which made it instead feel like an incredibly lack luster opponent with a bag of tricks that starts off being virtually empty from the very beginning.I still have high hopes for this game, maybe in future DLCs they will address these issues, as it stands now I can't reccomend it to anyone interested solely in the dungeon master tools like myself.  If I could truly create dungeons and monsters like I do with pen & paper D&D then this game would be worth hundreds in my book."
,Not Recommended,325600,18624685,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,thebsdude,"This isn't DnD. Few classes, few races, few options. At least there are skills.I could deal with a DnD licensed game of another genre, if it was well done (Neverwinter MMO, for instance), but this isn't. Gameplay is awful; trying to play an Action RPG with RTS controls."
,Not Recommended,325600,18620642,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,[MoC]Drakkyn,"After following the development and watching/reading all the information before release, I was excited about the idea of game like this.  This is not an improvement over Nevewinter Nights  or Neverwinter Nights 2.  This is just a boring diable clone type game wtih LIGHT RP elements and  with nothing that sets it apart from all the others out there.  Even on hard difficulty the game doesn't feel gritty or challenging because the AI is very poor.The SP version is laughable .  I created a LE priest of BANE and all the quest options were laughibly CN at most... this game needs more work.    Wait perhaps in a year with more DLC, a few patches, some great community add-ons and a steam sale then you can get this and hopefully they will have made it a workable game.  Untl then, just stick with Grim Dawn, Divinty or Path of Exile."
,Not Recommended,325600,18624154,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,anykey,"Too many bugs. This is not D&D - just a very simplfied, perverted version of it. Do not waste your money."
76561198032723046,Recommended,325600,19061433,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Ack,No it's not baulders gate but it didn't claim to be. good support from the developers
76561198185846155,Recommended,325600,21946203,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,mikey.lewis1,Just have to say awesome. I love this game and the plots and storylines. Its a great game.
,Not Recommended,325600,18607383,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Velnias,"Were this some random new IP, the game would get a slight pass as being a poorly written, superficial action romp. Foreshadowing is supposed to be subtle, guys, not shoved in your face.However, as a Dungeons & Dragons title this game fails utterly in terms of its implementation. You're not playing a reasonable approximation of 5th Edition, or any edition of D&D. This game is a tortured, obnoxious implementation of the source material and rules. The developer had quality predecessors to borrow ideas from, but they opted for this hot mess.You're better off firing back up the Baldur's Gate or Neverwinter Nights series to play a decently implemented Dungeons & Dragons adventure."
76561198080807571,Not Recommended,325600,18620447,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Jahusaphet,"I have mixed feelings about this game, and from what i've read so do a few others.This game had a lot of promise when it was first announced. There was to be a 4 player campaign that you could play with your friends who liked to play DnD. The thing is, I love DnD. I don't love this game. The graphics, while nice, are not up to the standards that I expected with all the hype, and the gameplay just cannot keep me interested.I've made two different characters in my testing and found that no matter what class/race combination I choose the game stays equally unimpressive. The combat is either very easy and boring, or if you choose to control the whole batte, so complicated you would be pausing every few seconds to have a different character perform a differet task.Overall I feel that this game had excellent previews, and marketing but failed to deliver what most expected, which was a DnD game. This isn't a DnD RPG on a Computer, it's a RPG Computer game with some DnD elemants thrown in. If it goes on sale in the next year for $9.99 or less i'll consider it, until then, i'm going to request a refund and move on."
76561197981938899,Not Recommended,325600,18630080,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Socialist Ryan,"If you were expecting anything relating to DnD look elsewhere. This is a total waste of the license, the combat is real time, cooldown based so it plays like an MMO. There is no penality for dieing expect in single player. the DM mode is basic, very few classes that all feel the same, no feats, few races, many classes have tons of overlaping abilities. no multiclassing, items don't really give anything other then like a +1 to smell. So even looting feels empty.Play neverwinter nights if you want DnD, play baulder's gate if you want old school DnD, play divinity original sin if you want cooldown based abilities with better story, art, customization, and combat.Everything this game does has been done before and done better."
76561198005914001,Recommended,325600,19904045,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,=MaXoS=,I played 20hrs so far - AWESOME - random dungeons - free dowloadable Moduals - solo or multiplayer - with or without DM - or be the DM!!!  - Totally sick - The new way to play DnD!!!
,Not Recommended,325600,18674511,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,[a]Lome,"This game UI is so bad that it has made me rage quit the game a 5 times in 3 hours. The game designers are complete amateurs. I don't believe the company statements about their experience creating games. It has the same kind of bugs and experience you would expect from a game made 15 years ago, that and the graphics are bad and the art is uninspired.I have more than 1000 hours on Dota and this is the first time a game makes me mad. So much potential wasted. Also no fullscreen and choppy audio on a core i7 4790k. I have a ultrawidescreen display and have to set my monitor to a lower resolution and set some commands just to run the game. In 2015.I don't care about the DnD ruleset tbh as long as the game its fun, but at this point (3 hours in) I don't care if I end up having fun, I can't recommend this game to anyone.EDIT:Ok, found more bugs. But I do enjoy Singleplayer RPGs and outside of the bugs I'm enjoying the game. Will recommend this game once the bugs are fixed."
76561197977912217,Recommended,325600,19325529,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,DrJest,I know this isn't much of a review as there's nothing I can add that hasn't been hashed over elsewhere.  Bottom line up front; I give a nod to SCL and can easily say I have enjoyed what little I have played.  The success of the game rests solely with continued content additions and support from the devs.  It might have been a bit slow out of the gate for some but it will be a winner in the long run.  I certainly believe the devs are up for the challenge.
,Recommended,325600,19910542,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,qijiang,"A very good DND like game. To be honest, I don't know much about DND before this game. But I am really immersed into the setting of this game."
76561198176606354,Recommended,325600,19756023,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Gabe,I LOVE IT!
,Not Recommended,325600,30823152,Posted: 29 March,all,InnerBeard,Really disappointing version of what could have been a great game.
76561198078681617,Recommended,325600,19081435,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,kw2038,"Fun little game when playing through the story line. The world and tools have a lot of potential, I can't wait to see what the devs and community come up with. When playing with no-pausing in a group, it can be pretty fun. Combat is fast paced, with a enough tactics and variety to keep it pretty interesting. Playing on Hard forces AE focused builds to pay attention as you can frag your party inadvertently.Definitely recommended for single player/ group of friends.Multiplayer is ok, but definitely needs some work for pick up group support. As it stands, the fighter or rogue will get all the loot while ranged classes will get nothing. Loot is not allocated, so teh first to loot a body gets the spoils. That gives any class that is close range/melee the advantage over classes that need to keep their distance. On Hard griefing is possible with AE classes nuking their party, accidentally (or otherwise). Not really recommended for PUG'ing."
,Recommended,325600,18581145,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,GHETTO,"head start/early access worked fine, full release keeps freezing? wat it do mayne"
76561197963293540,Not Recommended,325600,18597940,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Itznogood,I can not recommend this game in its current state and will request a refund.I really hope we can send a signal to the publisher that they need to test more and polish the game more before release.This game has so much potential and promised so much in the marketing material. There was really no reason to rush this game. If it is polished enough IT will sell enough copies to make it worth your while. The developers simply need more time to polish.The whole head start process gave an indication that they were just not ready to release this game and was hoping to fix it after launch... I hope they still have money for this - even though I dont want to encourage this behavior.I will have a look again in ½ year.
76561197992725747,Recommended,325600,18578875,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,zafrod,"While this game is certainly going to be compared to some old favorites, when judged on its own merits, Sword Coast Legends stands out as an extremely enjoyable, multiplayer-friendly action RPG that borrows heavily from D&D while streamlining the mechanics to suit fast-paced computer RPG combat. Characters feel powerful, and combat is quick but satisfying, especially when you get a few friends together. Random dungeons are easy to set up, while still giving you a lot of flexibility in length, enemies, and quests. Killing a few minutes? Roll up a small, 1-level sewer with some rats and spiders to mow down. Want something a little more meaty? Have the game build you a sprawling, 5-level dungeon with large, complex layouts full of different enemies, with collection quests, kill quests, and a boss fight at the end.DM mode works great, and the Threat system makes the DM feel like part of the game too. The editor is great for putting together quick maps easily, with custom enemies, quests, NPCs, and storylines. It's not as full-featured as one might hope for, but it's still a welcome addition and, hopefully, will continue to improve after launch.Bottom line: This is a very fun game, and well worth the price of admission."
,Not Recommended,325600,22839158,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Koigakubo,Developers took our money and legit ran. Love it.Unfinished game. Buy it if you're really craving some faux Forgotten Realms original ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.
,Not Recommended,325600,18598673,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,RageBucket,This is a slower paced Diablo style game with cool down based spells. It's not a horrible game just not what I had expected out of a DnD game.
76561197975993228,Not Recommended,325600,18600842,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Sopio Fututor,"For this review I had plenty of time in the early access to evaluate the game, so my play time may not reflect my actual time.  First off I was very excited for this game and I REALLY wanted to love it, but i coulden't.  I bought this game expecting to be able to craft my own campaigns - you can't.  In fairness what you can do is randomly generate dungeons and place monsters and traps inside, and let players try to progress through the dungeon (you can also make some very small encounters in cities and some bland outdoor areas as well).  However this game is geared towards combat and not roleplaying (which may be great for some people).  Making quests for your dungeons is buggy, me and 2 friends spent 2 hours trying to make a fetch item work, it never did, we simply could never speak the the quest giver.  Really this game feels more like gauntlet legends with the DM fighting the players than it does DND.  I was sorely dissapointed by this but figured It should still have a decent single player...Unfortunatley I could play about 1 minute of the game as a bug did not let me progress further, the objective 'kill enemy' could not be completed by killing the enemy.  For me the complete lack of DM tools to make my own campaigns (which was something that was implicitly promised), an enermous host of bugs, and the inability to even play single player was too much failure right out of the gate and i requested a refund.  On the other hand if they do ever offer full Campaign creation tools I would give it a second chance."
76561198062383044,Not Recommended,325600,23129916,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,SchizoPlayer,Made it as far as the character creator before the game crashed on me. Haven't been able to start it up since then.
76561198025876521,Not Recommended,325600,19119618,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Sega Genesis,I could write a 100000 words review about this game but all can be summarized in 1:Scam.It's not D&D. At all. Run away from it.
,Not Recommended,325600,18595133,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,TheMinister,"Some people keep comparing this to ARPGs when it should be compared to CRPGs. As a CRPG roughly based on DnD (even if it doesn't use the 5th ed rule set properly, but what most video games never use the PnP properly anyways) it's not terrible.My two biggest issues with it right now is price for what you get. This game would be a lot better at $20, but not at $40, and the cool downs on special abilities. Long term, when you have enough points to have a decent number of specials, I'm sure it wouldn't be to bad, but as it stands, 40 second or higher cool downs on stuff is the main reason combat feels so slow.I almost want to say that this game would have worked better using a 4e rule set with encounters/dailys, and a rest shrine mechanic like DDO."
,Not Recommended,325600,18599859,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,royal with cheese,"The most bland rpg i ever played in last 10 years, absolutely boring and passive combat, lack of promissed features and unengageing story.If you want to get a really decent rpg get Divinity: Original Sin, it does have multiplayer and is much closer to D&D in terms of combat mechanics and interactivity of the world. It also have an editor, which is much more expansive.Lack of DM features: locations and monsters. But hey, you can make the game to autogenerate the dungeons for you, right? except you have absolutely no depth to control it aswell as objectives did not triggered as complete half of the time, so you just have to go back to""camp"" General gameplay is just empty and unengageing. it does not seem to have anything in common with D&D. As for player experience i pretty much felt like i was playing korean mmorpg.Don't waste your money on this, better spend it on something else."
76561198025491142,Recommended,325600,19061339,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,AfkCru,"Not sure why the low meta, this game is great."
,Recommended,325600,19060372,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Whirlywhoopa,"Nearly all the problems have been fixed already and they keep adding more content with every update, great stuff."
76561198048410969,Recommended,325600,21995618,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,nparis97,yaaay
,Recommended,325600,19972846,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Aoyagi,"A nice little ""run-of-the-mill"" action RPG with notable story focus. Its development budget was probably pretty low, so the graphics are nothing to write home about, ability trees are a bit limited, and the D&D implementation is ... well, not ideal. Not to mention 5 ed. seems to be going the ""streamlining"" way, and SCL waters it down a bit more.Regardless, I'd say the writing is above average - interesting NPCs every so often, an interesting and developing story premise, companions (including the obligatory companion quests - but the game really needs some means to control companions' behaviour other than assuming direct control) who don't bore you to death, etc. Although one thing devinitely worth mentioning - I have noticed only very little quest branching, and those choices that I saw might as well be illusionary.I can't comment on the multiplayer, because I'm very antisocial.I also can't comment on the DM toolset since I'm not very creative.Oh, and you need an online account to play the game at all (as its Steam store page says), but at least the game isn't running on their servers and lagging as a result (I'm looking at you, Diablo 3)."
,Not Recommended,325600,18607372,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,benchwarrior,I played during the head start opportunities and had hoped they would add support for non 16:9 native resolutions at release. They did not. If you do not have a 16:9 native resolution do not buy this game. You get a small bar of game with black bars above and below. Widescreen users are cut off on all sides. Game is unplayable in this state.
76561198063377165,Recommended,325600,19905882,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Manchine,Surprised the game is this fun.  Sure its not a A++ game still a good game.
,Not Recommended,325600,23403986,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,SonOfSkyrim22,"I came in expecting a newer version of Icewind Dale/Baldur's Gate style games. What I got was a clunky controlled, boring, mindless D&D game."
76561198070224536,Not Recommended,325600,29413190,Posted: 21 January,all,devonworks,all i wanted was a good single player dungon crawler this is not it.
,Recommended,325600,21980470,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,The Eating Joke,"Underrated game, the single player campaign is good la WOI."
,Recommended,325600,18582497,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,The Punisher,"Anyone expecting this to be exactly like D&D is a moron. This is not a table top game, it's a video game and so it won't be completely the same.Anywho this is an awesome game, although I've only gotten past the tutorial and haven't done much really, but it plays well and feels fun. And the amount of skills and gear is nice. :DCan't wait to play with friends soon."
76561198141950631,Not Recommended,325600,18645446,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,D'amarr from Darshiva,"Writing this review after 23 hours of playing the solo campaign at ""normal"" difficulty (increased from ""easy"") and an additional 15.3 hours of head start access before that. That's with a party of four characters advanced to level 10. For those, who know the game, it's deep in Act II, where I've arrived in the Trollmoors with lots of earlier quests and errands completed.My disappointment grows. The big turn-offs in short:- very hectic, fast paced hack'n'slash combat- even Neverwinter Nights 2 required more tactical guidance of the characters during combat- an overly simplified tree of abilities/skills- unfinished/unpolished features that don't make sense (such as the encumbrance system or the inconsistent usage of the magical communication stone)- the shouting during combat gets boring and increasingly silly- no thrills, not even when encountering the first Lich- a clumsy user interface to handle the party's inventory- no handbook- a single savegame only- low replayability due to unimaginative skill treeThe beginning of the campaign was sort of dull and made it necessary to be patient enough as to proceed to the first large city without getting bored. On the road I decided I like the voice acting, which reminded me a lot of Neverwinter Nights 2. I also like the graphics engine, but it would be even better if it permitted positioning the camera more freely and activating an atmosphere aiding view mode as in Neverwinter Nights 2, where you would not see everything from above like a god. I would have loved to use the Rogue for scouting, but no, not necessary.A few hours later, I've been through dozens of battles, all giving exactly the same feeling of a combat system that has been stripped down to the bare minimum. No variations. Especially the wizard is busy throwing cantrips (basic spells or the slightly stronger versions of them) as the primary way to contribute damage. All other more powerful spells are too slow to use more often and are blocked by cooldown delay. I've tried making him a bit more versatile, summoning an animal, animating an undead and enhancing allies' weapons. It doesn't make the battles more interesting. Not against the first Lich I encountered. And not against a huge fiery demon either, which was accompanied by multiple casters even. This feeling has not changed later either.My player character is a neutral good human cleric. Nothing special. The typical war priest and protector. Heavy armored, wearing weapon and shield. A supporter that can buff the party and heal them, too. Because the skill tree doesn't offer much, I've learned Bless, stronger versions of Bless, Aid, stronger versions of Aid, single person healing, stronger versions of it, party healing, stronger versions of it. During head start access I tried divine damage spells, flame/fire damage spells, but didn't consider them worthwhile when watching rogue and fighter hack the enemies into pieces more quickly. Or watching them rush towards enemy archers, bringing them down without any opponents managing to block them.I'll probably continue some more to be fair and so I can judge about everything, but the growing impression is that the makers of the game have wasted too much potential and have dumbed down the game too much, detaching even further from players of the Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale series.----------Review update #1: I have arrived in Act III. Combat feels more and more like an action game. The companion's shouting, which may have been funny very early, turns silly and is too repetitive. The feature to revive ""dead"" characters during combat is ridiculous. It's like an unlimited Raise Dead spell, free for everyone, even fighters. Enemies don't care about unconscious party members, so you run towards your fallen ones, revive them, and you are up to full power as soon as you get them a bit of healing.----------Review update #2: Whether fighting trolls, succubus, drow groups, duergar, spiders, a Lich or even a mind-flayer accompanied by thralls, it always feels the same. No protections or tactics that would give a headache. Kick'n'rush. Hack'n'slash. The screen is rapidly filled with dozens of flying numbers trying to show the HP loss of the targets. On top of that coloured notifications about resistances. It doesn't matter. It only makes combat more chaotic.Also, I'm flooded with loot, and what the various shops offer doesn't raise any interest so far.----------Review update #3: After the final boss fight, game end reached, I think the game's replayability factor is low."
76561198072135648,Recommended,325600,22197463,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Lancealot15,"GREAT game!!  Very true to PnP D&D.  For all these nay-sayers who were looking for an MMO-style and/or hack'n'slash experience...you're just plain in the wrong place.  Set your expectations right and you'll REALLY enjoy this great action RPG.  DM mode?!  I mean come on, what games have done that right?!?  SCL has!!!"
76561198139747106,Not Recommended,325600,19839554,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,war.hammer,"OutrageThis game could not be sold in STEAM, because developers hadn´t even taken care about, that the game doesn´t run on the most computers whith suitable systhem requiriments!I am extrimely disappointed primarily in STEAM service, because they haven´t tested the software before the selling."
76561198040128446,Not Recommended,325600,18635067,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Raistlin,"DON'T PAY MONEY FOR THIS GAME... I want mine back!What a tragedy :( This was a real 'missed opportunity'.  I've been playing D'nD/Wizards of the Coast/BG1...etc since the early 1990s on my first 460.The graphics (and I'm aware that d'nd historically has reasons for what we would now call 'low graphics'), are something out of the early 90s...but BAD early 90s.The lag (and i've a quod-core, latest nvidia and 8gb ram) is shocking!The load time...ridiculous!No edge scrolling...hell, they can't even fix the bug that means you have to play in windowed mode! Pathetic...You can't even scroll through your inventory page with the mouse wheel.The list goes on.Wizards of the Coast...yeah, i'm talking to you.  You should be ashamed to put your name to this product.  Shame on you."
,Recommended,325600,32076591,Posted: 30 May,all,Paulo_Hollanda,Need more patches!No STACK BONUS PLEASE!
76561198074721767,Recommended,325600,19754696,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,quakeman,"Its a YES, all the negative reviews are from neverwinter nights fans, this game worth your time and moneyhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZQG_lWM2beg"
,Recommended,325600,25717644,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Teddy,"I recommend buying it when it's 10 dollars. It falls very short of a true Baldur's Gate experience, but it's a nice distraction for someone familiar with the series. The available companions aren't really the greatest selection, and you're pretty much guaranteed to be stuck with the same Priest everyone else is, and you meet her early. Unless you roll without a priest - more power to you.A faint glimmer compared to the original series, but they had very large shoes to fill."
76561197968425189,Not Recommended,325600,23103375,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Particulator,"Two words...TOTAL DISAPOINTMENTAs a former tabletop DM and a long time Neverwinter Nights gamer/DM I can tell you with certainty that this games fails in all aspect of D&D, wannabe is the word that comes to my mind when I think of Sword Coast Legends.I can't beleive I paid nearly 60 bucks in pre-release for this piece of c░░p.This game belongs in the Hall of Shame."
76561198084331336,Not Recommended,325600,23756465,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,joshua.robert625,"Enjoyed it the few hours I have played before the Rage of Demons release.  Since, unplayable as a large pink box occludes most of the center of the screen.  Nothing I can do fixes it.  Any ideas, O glorious Steam public?"
76561197960624140,Not Recommended,325600,19271837,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,IxiFoori,Biggest dissapointment for me 2015. Dont buy this game its an utter waste of money!
76561198156762049,Not Recommended,325600,21090414,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Cereb,"My very first steam refund request. Bad graphics, slugish gameplay, misleading videos. It's just not playable."
76561198068795884,Not Recommended,325600,18620659,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Chronsmoker,Fix it! its not ready!
76561198035752096,Not Recommended,325600,19754315,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,ktclements,i vary rarely write reviews in fact this is my second - there is something very dodgy about this game and having to register (which i don't mind normally as i use a different email) but when my registration didn't work for some reason and it didn't send a validation email i then in my frustration used a different unique email which it said was already registered.......when i don't trust a game i immediately uninstall...................
76561198024689551,Not Recommended,325600,32035398,Posted: 28 May,all,jaden663,Can't play didn't know steam would sell a game that doesn't work
76561197988789937,Not Recommended,325600,23122582,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Draegwen,"The game is unplayable.When I talk to a merchant and open his trade window, the screen goes black with no way back."
76561198081519794,Not Recommended,325600,19752164,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Edgar Allen Pony,It's exactly like Neverwinter which is FREE
76561197993288786,Recommended,325600,19735305,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Invest,This game is absolutely awesome and so much more fun than Pillars of Eternity with it's endless blablabla!!!
,Recommended,325600,23089018,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Keldarn,"D&D, FR, seems legit"
76561197998858961,Not Recommended,325600,29030208,Posted: 5 January,all,Slevin,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! Very bugged and in some places and designed as the Programmers are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ -.-
76561198066897414,Recommended,325600,19758877,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Scotty,"IT IS BOSS! The game is just Awesome. I have been playing D&D for a year now and i was able to put my Drow Wizard in it. also, FOR LUSKAN!"
76561198017092991,Recommended,325600,20484664,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,b5001,I like the game
76561197971417288,Not Recommended,325600,18598978,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Vaunt,"A mixup of baldur's gate and dragon age... yeah right..did you guys even run a quality check on this game despite all the delays? DID U EVEN LISTEN To WHAT IT SOUNDS LIKE?I made a female elven paladin. went in a dungeon. Got into a fight with a goblin. and voila, sounded like 1 of the most hardcore porn you can find on xhamster."
,Not Recommended,325600,26500478,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,praetoious,Who ever made this was a half arsed fool.  Taking a good name like sword coast and draging it through the mud.  Hope ur happy ars hatz.  You fail at life.
76561198091859427,Not Recommended,325600,19797227,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,xxPsYcHo515xx,Bad. Just bad.  Bad by 90's standards. Save your money.
,Not Recommended,325600,20008812,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ÐayMan,♥♥♥♥♥azz 2/10 would not recmend
76561198209372668,Recommended,325600,33184710,Posted: 3 July,all,PeanutButter,South Park the stick of truth is a better rpg game lol this is like neverwinter nights
76561198096704623,Recommended,325600,32243857,Posted: 7 June,all,Ixus,"The far I play this game, the far I am to understand all this bad reviews. I'm a fan of D&D, and I can say securely than this game is good. It have some details than could be better but god damn it, those nerds without girlfriends really knows how to bother people with details than don't really care.- Graphics is ok;- Storyline, awesome;- Difficulty, well done;- Mechanics, can handle ok;This game was did for recent engines, so that can bother a bit people. But say than that game isn't good because doesn't gave so many ♥♥♥♥♥♥s like NN2 or you can do your super touch like in RPG table games is a very selfish and flat opinion. "" Oh, but you use cooldown and can't prepare spells"" <- **uck you mate, still very playable, is a PC game than you can enjoy if forget a bit your dices. - Sorry my english, but **uck you nerds without girlfriends I still know how to say  _!_ >..<"
76561198052397648,Not Recommended,325600,33445150,Posted: 10 July,all,Tatowoo,Fxxk that the quest tracker is not helpful
76561198108431447,Recommended,325600,19269560,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Mumu,
76561198059709124,Not Recommended,325600,30911677,Posted: 2 April,all,steveodelux,Well i have to say. I played this game for roughly 40 minutes then promptly stopped because it looks like total♥♥♥♥♥♥ Ya ya ya gameplay over graphics i get it. But i just cant stand to play a game that looks like it was made in 1995 on my high end pc. There are plenty of other crpg throwbacks that have great gameplay and look awesome. So ill be going after those. Can't recommend based on the fact that i get a headache looking at the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics
,Not Recommended,325600,28384776,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Skwirlgnitals,* This review is from when I buyed the game at launch*- Played only 4.5hrs- Very ♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls during combats- Connectivity problems
76561197992999760,Recommended,325600,23628280,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Shrapnel,"I very much enoyed this game.Granted, its typical RPG type stuff in terms of combat and mechanics, but the writing to many of the NPCs you'll come across in the game as well as the overall aesthetics and flow of the game just made for a memorable gaming exp.Also, many of the sidequests are kinda cool, that will leave lasting repercussions in the game as it progresses, think that, when your consequence is revealed later on will either make you smile or wince at how things have turned out and how you might have made it better (or worse).tldr;Solid RPG gameplay / mechanics coupled with humorous writing, memorable NPCs and a clever butterfly effect gimmick."
,Not Recommended,325600,23091509,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,GOD EMPEROR TRUMP,Cant play it. The textures on the mac don't load either showing up with missing elements or as completely black. Seems fun though. Wish I could play it..
76561197962139213,Not Recommended,325600,23159435,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Mastahman,Nothing about this game was good.
76561198133837305,Not Recommended,325600,23126151,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,XCLBR_{W*A*R*},How do you fk up a baldurs gate remake man?...this game is junk unfortunately
,Not Recommended,325600,23130616,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,muhnooer,pure♥♥♥♥♥♥ don't buy this
,Not Recommended,325600,23060235,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Mr. Bulldops,"Guhhh..! I got burned again by early access and the hype train!Big shoutouts to Code}-{atch for squeezing out that absolute turd of a game named ""StarForge"",  Kerebos for that absolutely terrible excuse of a sequel Sword of the Stars 2,  Stardrive was a tolerable letdown and I stayed away from the sequel, Hawken (though I love the game) just really hasn't been going anywhere in it's ""foreverbeta"" (Why you are allowed to buy microtransactions in a ftp beta is beyond me and shouldn't be allowed).Basically this is a list of all the games that have burned me and I encourage the reader to stay the hell away from them.I truly regret these purchases and will probably come to regret more in the future. Moral of this story is to come to a decision before 2 hours of gameplay has elapsed and refund before it's too late, if you can."
76561198138129381,Not Recommended,325600,31049717,Posted: 9 April,all,Articue,Too much talk not enough gaming.  If I want to watch a movie I'd rent a movie.  No option to stop dialog
76561198053979142,Not Recommended,325600,23085929,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,witchpagen,"I dont recommend this game at all,...WHY!!!,...I bought this game off of steam and tried more than a dozen times to play this game, I do have all requied space for the game but it wont let me play, the only thing i have to do to play is go to my mail to where i sighned the game under and pull up the mail for the game and all i got to do is click the link below,...WELL GUESS WHAT!!!!!!! no link below to click,...AND I""M NOT ABLE TOPLAY YOUR SO CALLED GREAT GAME!!!"
,Not Recommended,325600,23674158,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Nebulachor,trash
76561198022951966,Not Recommended,325600,18577915,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,karolusb,"You know I am tired of needing to create accounts for games that don't need accounts, so here's hoping the dev team doesn't get their bonus based on review because they couldn't talk some silly guy from accounting out of adding a completely pointless point of failure into their system."
,Not Recommended,325600,23085070,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,jatone,"audio doesn't work on arch linux, havent spent time to investigate why."
76561198038156988,Not Recommended,325600,23076020,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Burbot,Uter♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ not worthy of the D&D label
76561198002514603,Not Recommended,325600,23079635,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Shankapottamus,"So this game is terible and I say that without making it through character creation.First I had screen flickering issues. I adjusted frame rate, I rebooted, I adjusted graphics quality, but screen still flickered so bad it was unplayable. Then I changed resolution and it worked. So it automatically put me on highest resolution my laptop would run and then took a dump. If it has limitations of this nature the devs should cap it. I shouldnt have to waste 30 minutes trying to figure out why their game won't run.Character creation time, ok. Let's do something simple. Fighter. I pick class, race, background, fix my apperance and go to abilities. It won't let me have an 18 con. I get +2 from Dwarf and I have the points but it caps me at 17. No explanation, no help option to explain it just a mystery cap. WHY? WHY IS THERE AN UNKNOWN CAP PREVENTING A DWARVEN FIGHTER FROM HAVING AN 18 CONSTITUTION? Your game is stupid and I am refunding it."
76561198055504752,Not Recommended,325600,18690162,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Mighty Mouse,"AS OF MARCH 31, 2016 THIS GAME IS OVER, THE COMPANY HAS FOLDED, DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAMEThis game is not what I had been led to believe it would have been, but that is my own fault. The original advertising led people to believe this would be the ""Spiritual"" successor to Baldurs Gate, Icewind Dale, and even Neverwinter Nights (Although the last was fan based hype I believe). The game that came out does not match that belief, this is more of a diablo meets D&D style game. It caters to those people that like the faster action based games, less down time more go go go. The solo story is actually good, there is no complaining about that (unless the necromancer anoys you, lol).The treasure system in this game is a Monty Haul system, magic weapons and items everywhere you turn, even rats drop magic weapons when they die, and it starts at level 1. The magic items in the game are not the same as you would see in D&D either, they are more inline with what you would see with MMO's. Looking into your Dungeons Master Guide (for D&D geeks) wont be helpful here, these are different weapons.Leveling in this game doesnt mean as much as leveling in regular D&D as everything else levels up with you, so at level 1 you can face a lich and come out with a win.The custom content is not what had been originally advertised, and this is what has gotten a lot of people turned off the game. The custom dungeon content was supposed to allow you to create anything you wanted, remaking the old D&D pen and paper adventures if you had wanted. What has come out is a system that randomly generates dungeons for you, you have no control over the design of the dungeons. You are also extremly limited with the content you can place in the dungeons, and even more limited with building quests.That being said, the custom building is still there to play with which is more than Baldurs Gate or Icewind Dale gave.I would strongly suggest looking in on N-Spaces forums for Sword Coast Legends and read up on everything possible before deciding on purchasing the game, make sure this game fits what you are looking for.This is not the traditional Pen and Paper style conversion to a PC game, this is N-Spaces translation of 5th edition D&D turned into a Diablo style action game with Monty Haul treasure and everything being at near the same level as you, all the time.Oh, and treasure is free for all so ninja looters are having a heyday here, although it's easy enough to get all the best loot on your own.At this point in time I will have to not recomend this game, however that may change in the future with the DLC.Edit: Most of my experience is with the headstart, though what I've seen with the live release nothing has really changed, just some more fluff in the custom content and the single player game.Edit: It's 2016 and I cant recomend this game no matter how much I'd like to. I'm, sorry but I'm to much of a dedicated PnP D&D player. If Neverwinter Nights had it right back in 2001, than a company should be able to pull off at least the same quality or better in this day and age.Final Edit: The people have spoken, N-Space has folded and with it thier game. They should have made a real D&D game like the fans wanted, instead they made thier own ""interpritation"" and failed miserably.Bioware should have made a Neverwinter Nights 3 (or Waterdeep, or something similair) instead of these poor souls making this failure."
76561198063664033,Not Recommended,325600,18586523,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,SuperFunTime,"This game is a good game solo fun with friends and even better with a good DM. This game can feel like D&D with a good DM and the right module. The game play is more polished than the Head Start and shows promise for what the devs are doing in the future. The game is ment to be played with five people, 1DM and 5 players.The DM aspect makes this game shine, allowing for multiple different outcomes in questlines. You want to kill the family that you just found food for?.... ok. The DM tools are limited with a limited mind, it takes some tweaking but anything is possible with the right imagination.Most of the complaints that people have will be patched in the future. The devs hear what we have to say and want, to make the game more enjoable for us. Custom dungeon maps, more races/classes, more quest options, more DM tools and so on. They have already fix most of it anyways. Remeber its a video game not pnp, you will never get the true D&D feel in a video game.Great game with great replay value. You just need friends.Edit-The main story in the single player Is well done and is one of the best modes of this game.The devs have just kinda forgotten about this game and the players that supported this. The changes they promised were not given to us. All the maps for moduals are just cut and paste maps that are from the single player. They only added 2 more races and didnt make any more classes. It has been almost a year now and nothing has been done to really make the game a better expirience. I had to much hope in the devs and was just let down time and time again. I cant recomend this game anymore."
76561198006607480,Not Recommended,325600,18585399,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Stoffeswe,"Short review after some early access and a couple of hours of playing the ""full"" game:Do you like baldurs gate, neverwinter nights and simular games? This is not those games...This game is more of a Baldurs gate/Diablo hybrid. Making the characters feels like more like Diablo with focus on abilities rather than skills of a RPG. This is not necesseraly a bad thing but it is not what one might be expecting from a DnD game.Gameplay is more like Diablo with a bit more RP rather than the gameplay of Baldurs gate. High focus on the use of abilities for all classes, all battles i have been in is based on spamming abilities in the right order, much like Diablo.I can feel that this game is a bit ""dumber"" than i had expected, i was hoping for more roleplaying.To be honest most of the negative things i have to say about the game is based on my own expectations. If i am a bit objective and review this game without my high expectations it is a nice game with HUGE potential. If the developers support the game and fix the bugs (there are a LOT of them at the moment) and bring new content (and maybe revise some features) this game can become a classic.At the moment this game it is not great, it is good, if you can look past the bugs that hopefully will be fixed asap and with some DLCs and expansions i see no reason why this cant become a great game.I give a general recommendation for this game, especially if you are into Diablo BUT if you know you will have high expectations wait a couple of weeks before playing so that they can fix all major bugs.If you expect this game to be a ""digital pnp"" version of DnD you will be disappointed, it is not, but it is fun.So far i do not regret pre-ordering the digital deluxe edition for 60 €.UPDATE Apr 2016: It looks like the studio that develops the game has closed down. I would not recommend anyone to buy this game at this point. The game is still flawed and needs several major fixes if it is to live up to its potential."
76561198077808116,Not Recommended,325600,18755105,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,bzombo,"I'm enjoying the single player campaign to this game a lot. Now, keep in mind I'm not as interested in the DM tools. I'll probably play some modules if they come out, but creating them isn't that important to me and that is where the issues with this game are. So, if you're looking to play the single player game or even try out the multiplayer, this is a good game. The DM tools are in need of some tlc. Also, this games absolutely works with 32 bit Windows, specifically Windows 7 in my case. Don't be chased away by the minimum requirements if you have a 32 bit Windows OS.**Edit: This game is ruined by Digital Extremes and their horrible hot fix. Unless you have a completely current top of the line PC it will not work. You'll have a pink box in the center of your screen. The hot fix completely violates the minimum specs that were reported, so even though you may have bought the game months ago you're screwed. Digital Extremes sucks as a company. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! I have changed my recommendation."
76561198020092824,Not Recommended,325600,18747289,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Archeun Del'Tanok,"I want to start off by saying this game is not Baldur's Gate or NWN. There are some serious issues with the game play and I personally think it is very dumbed down. Having said that, the game is fun for what it is. I'm hoping that the developers QUICKLY release patches in order to fix some issues and add content. My fear is that they are going to force us with DLC in order to get the game to be playable and it won't be playable for the next 2 years. I'm hoping i'm wrong and that is why I am giving the game a positive review because I believe it can be saved.....if the developers will listen to the playerbase. Diablo 3 was a steaming pile of poo when it released and it turned into something fairly decent."
,Not Recommended,325600,18693670,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Balthus Stormshield,"Whilst this game has a fantastic story mode that I enjoyed thoroughly, it was the DM toolkit that lured me in.   The price of entry is worth the story mode alone, however I am currently finding both the DM toolkit and built in social features somewhat lacking.N-Space are commited to a long and prosperous development cycle, so I'm happy to stick around, run some great modules with what we have and hope for some regular updates to the toolkit.For now, keep an eye out for ""The Moonshae Conclave"" as I'd like to think it's a testament to how much can be done with the toolkit, even in its infancy.See{LINK REMOVED}www.moonshae.weebly.comEdit: The developers oversold and overhyped this game, then abandoned it.  Don't touch this game!"
76561198277179681,Recommended,325600,35477950,Posted: 4 October,all,ddo,"Very good game, nice to playgood mechanical fights and a nice history"
