user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,325630,15093384,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,[DDZS]Clymidia,"Updated ReviewAs requested by the developers in my comments I have now played the game again and I am updating my review accordingly. It's worth noting that this is written 9 days after the games release from Early Access - so supposedly a finished product.The biggest change is that they have now fixed the fatal error bug that was making the game unplayable - I played the game for over 5 hours straight without a single crash. Crate auctions also now seem to work.Unfortunately my assessment of the game remains the same, great idea, poorly implemented and now finally having been able to play it is my opinion that the gameplay itself lacks any substance.Things that I believe are poorly implemented:- The tutorial is awful, and even the biggest defenders of the game admit this. You can get the basics from it but its clunky.- The UI / Menu system is also awful. Its particularly a problem for the tutorial where the tutorial instructions get obscured by pop up windows. In the actual game itself core functionality, such as saving, wanted lists, achivements / perks, missions / plot aren't accessible at all through a menu instead you need to use key bindings.- One of the most common tasks you'll be doing in game is loading your transports with cargo and setting destinations and this is badly implemented, the interface for it is clunky and illogical requiring you to switch between a minimised window, but I also encountered a number of bugs where transports locations were incorrect i.e. listed as travelling when in fact in a country, and also when plotting the route only to find it thought the transport was in a different country. The pathing for the movement itself is also inconsistant e.g. its signigcantly quicker going from Russia to North Korea, than North Korea to Russia - as it takes a different route. Unless stationary your transports will more often than not appear as planes on the map, even after obviously traveling through a port and taking a sea route.- There is no explanation of the target finder missions, and they are not built into the plot.- The main story arc was broken for me when I purchased some discounted weapons but was intercepted causing me to automatically dump my stock so I couldnt complete the mission.- The text e.g. ""no longer for sell"" is either written by someone who has English as a second language or... well lets not go there.- It looks like a whole bunch of stuff that was planned hasn't yet been implemented in game i.e. reputation system doesn't seem to have any impact (and isn't explained anywhere), meeting demand doesn't impact sale price, wars don't seem to resolve as you'd expect, and a general lack of missions.- There's a huge disconnect between sound and the game, what happens in game has no effect on sound at all that I could tell. Its just a sound track on loop alternating between things such as street noise and music. The only time sound comes into play is if you sit like an idiot and allow the countdown to a hunter catching you to get low.- Not really important but as I made myself sit through it for the purposes of the review, the intro is the most boring and cliched crud I've ever come across. You sit there in complete silence for the intro too, it could have perhaps done with some voice acting, even if it was done badly by the dev team themselves.Game play:I played the game on normal difficulty and it was ridiculously easy. The forumla to progress is straight forward and repetive and offer no challenge or depth of strategy:1. Buy interl for countries around Russia.2. Repeatedly go back and forth between Russia (your starting location) and the country with the best sale price until you have enough money to upgrade your hull (capactity).3. Complete the sale mission, and shortly after an order request.4. This gives you enough money to may out your transport, buy another and bribe some generals.5. At this point you'll have a couple of routes to choose from, and you just grind back and forth selling weapons to the same country listed on your intel.6. Eventually you'll have enough cash to start a war. You can normally cause it to war with two otehr countries.7. At this point you just go round to every supplier nation, buy everything up and then ship it to the warring nation.That really is all there is to it. It quickly becomes repetitive and boring. The game could badly do with a complete overhaul of the story with the inclusions of missions to break up the grind. I enjoy games of this genre such as the orginal Uplink, but there's just not enough variety in Arms Dealer to keep it interesting for me. Some people clearly do enjoy it, maybe you'll be one of them.I do have a huge problem with the developers of this game. They clearly made a choice to move from early access knowing that this would cause people such as myself to buy it. They then complain on the steam forums, direct quote:""We do not ask for free positive review,how ever we do ask for you guys to be less eager at giving negative reviews, if theres something you dont like, hey post it here, we are almost 24/7 checking the forums,""I think it illustrates a complete lack of respect for customers that they are pointing the finger at people reviewing a supposedly release ready game, when it was their eagerness to take our money that made them take it out of early access. They whine that EA didn't turn up all the bugs and necessary feedback to get the game right, and that they don't have money for ""a room full of testers"", not my problem I only care about the product I paid for. They've adopted an ""everyone elses fault but ours"" attitude, even blaming the Steam review system, whilst themselves trying to manipulate it by encouraging people to only leave positive reviews, saying planned DLC wont be free unless they get the needed sales. Hypocracy.Original Review: Posted 28 March, 2 days after release of game from early access.Avoid a FATAL ERROR - Do not buyGreat idea for a game, could have been amazing except someone got greedy and released it before it was anywhere near ready. In it's current state (supposed to be full release and not EA):- Game crashes frequently giving a ""FATAL ERROR"" report, lots of people are reporting this on forums. Supposedly patched, but its still doing it just as frequently.- No Save / load menu, you have to save games by pressing F5. You can only delete saves by quitting to the main menu, choose load and deleting from there.- Its difficult to work out your most recent saved game after a crash because the values such as ""play time"" are all incorrectly set the same in the description.- Assigned at least one mission with no explanation of how you got it or what you have to do. I'm referring specifically to the ""target"" mission you have upon starting the game.- Some story missions fail to explain what you have to do sufficiently e.g. Country refreshes its stock. I completed it by accident.- The family yacht is a plane.- Winning crate auctions gets you nothing - guessing not implemented yet.There will be plenty more but the game keeps crashing so I can't get to them to find out. Its a real shame, could have been awesome. I'm still going to persevere hoping they fix it.Too many games like this eaither being released broken, or released from EA without meeting their promises. They are destroying their own industry."
76561198006446341,Not Recommended,325630,12498386,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,NSA,"Ugh... I was so excited for this game, but it's from a new indie dev that isn't ready for primetime.  As other reviews have noted, the UI is painfully bad and sometimes counter-intuitive.  It's so early in development that all you can do is shuffle arms to make money.  Doing so is fairly dull feat, as all of the potentially interesting content: alignments, rivals, law-enforcement, plot, quests, aren't implemented yet.This game could theoretically get better, but right now I can't recommend it.**RELEASE DAY UPDATE**Bottom line up front:  Still underwhelming.The UI has gotten better but is still not good.  The popup dialogs are still obtrusively large and don't close/minimize in a common sense kind of way.  The tutorial popup is particularly bad as it's opaque, unmovable and stays behind most the other popup dialogues.  The other UI element, the world map has gotten slightly better but is still lacking.  You still can't scroll the map at all (arrows, WASD, or mouse drag) and can only do point zooms with a scrollwheel.  Some of the countries are so small that you'll be pixel hunting to click on ""The Random Islands"" (ingame country name for the Maldives, no clue why).Some new mechanics were introduced.  Building and upgrading vehicles is actually interesting.  Bidding on blind crates is a decent mini-game.  So are the ""Black Umbrella"" terrorist acts to trigger wars.Still the overall game is painfully dull.  It takes a certain lack of vision to make arming Iran with Israeli arms for an invasion of Central America boring."
76561198002500633,Not Recommended,325630,15081226,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Jeppe,"I really liked the idea about this game, traveling around the world selling weapons to corrupt generals and starting wars for profit.I had some fun plaing this game but there are serious errors that make the game hard to play and ruins a lot of the fun.But after one hour playtime the game crashed and i had to start over again, then i thought i better save the game quite often in a new game, but then i spendt half and houre more looking for the save button without being able to find it.So really as it is now i can't play it.Edit: one of the developers told me how to save, all i had to do was tp press F5, but there is something missing in a game where the developers need to tell you something like that.So i did start a new game and played for a couple of houres or so, only interrupted by crashes every 10 minutes. but the day after when i wanted to play on the game said the savegame was missing some files.The game is reasonably entertaining but there are a lot of stuf in the game that could be reworked a bit more.-The tutorial is horible, it's really hard to follow what it wants-The user interface is a mess, everything you click on opens a new window on top of other windows and then and you othen need to go through a lot of windows to find what you want-The game can sometimes be hard to understand as it does a lot of illogical things-The game crashes a lot-The game is full of bugsBut still if the savegame thing is fixed i think this is a game i would want to spend some time onAlso, it's a shame the game don't support Linux or Mac"
76561198060418631,Not Recommended,325630,19761974,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Scary Barry,"I'm not one to badmouth other people and i've never gave a negative review in my life, but consumers deserve to hear the truth about this game, since I cannot stress enough how you must AVOID this game like the plague.I gave this Jason Huskie a fair chance and told myself withhold a launch review to judge this game by the end of the year when all bugs and mistakes were out of the game.None of this has happened.At first, I was charmed by the concept of an Arms Dealer game and the promises of the developer to listen to the community. That is the reason I was one of the first people to buy this game at launch and help the developer to actually make a succesful and worthwhile game (explains the number of hours i've put into this♥♥♥♥♥♥game)The people were BEGGING for a tutorial or even a hint on what this game was about, but Jason Huskie said ""no, this is like a Paradox Interactive game. It is too deep to compress into a tutorial or explanation. Everybody that ISN'T complaining has fun with the game!""No, everybody else 1) gave you a chance 2) stopped caring. even you, Jason Huskie, stopped caring by not even bothering with your ""Community"" approach and just dump this game in a hole in the grond like the deformed baby it is.The score says enough about the quality of this fecal storm.I cannot expres my anger, frustration and disappointment by the shear ARROGANCE of the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥ dev/publisher (Jason Huskie) of 2015 (there, i've said it. THE MOST ♥♥♥♥♥♥ GAME I'VE PLAYED ALL YEAR)."
76561198162396051,Not Recommended,325630,17285603,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Dj Spazzy,"OK this game, my opinion, this game is a great concept, it sounds fun, it sounds like you can spend a lot of time on it. When i started playing, the UI just doesnt work, its awful. The gameplay, well its not bad but its just let down by lazyness, the devs of this are so lazy and awful, almost 2 months and only a few bug fixes, if the devs got there finger out it would be allright, but simply just a cash grab at this stage.Pros:Great idea, not bad gameplay, interesting idea in the game other than the main idea, a story that isnt totally rubbish and some interesting guns to buy and sell.Cons:The visuals are terrible, so bad, the UI is utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ the game stutters so much, lots of pictures are not there, gameplay is very very slow at first. Also the countries are so unrealistic its funny.So, this game is a good idea, an untapped market dare i say, but executed so badly, the devs are so lazy and just awful, i heop they read this and realise what a cash grab this is, im allready getting a refund for this, i wanted to like it but its just too unfinished, also claming this is a finished game, no just no."
76561198011608992,Not Recommended,325630,19191013,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Sotavdod,"Would have to say No on this game, as the Tutorial only shows you the basics of the game, it does not teach you how to auto trade or talk to other gun runner, or agencies. thus you have alot of achievment in which you want to complet but simply cannot because you do not know how to.My main gripe is the auto trade, i have tried to figure it and have looked on youtube and read some of the forums on how maybe how to do it, so with that said I am left to Micor manage one friggen Vehicle, with so much of the same, go here buy this go there sell that, fly back to here blah blah blah. so score 4/10 in my book. Needs work and maybe a better tutorial or some extra vids on how to certain things. LIKE AUTO TRADE,"
76561198038258469,Recommended,325630,14331348,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Ranger,"I Found the game to be a tad bit confusing at first, but eventually I got right into it and ended up playing for 5 hours straight! Selling hundreds of millions of dollars worth of Javelin missile launchers to fuel a civil war in the middle east is oddly very satisfying! :D I would definitely reccomend picking it up for $14.86!Pros:- Lots & lots of cool weapons- Awesome soundtrack- Feel like Nicholas Cage- Game is still early access so lots of room for improvement- Easy to use layout- Great development team!Cons:- Early access so still a few bugs to be worked out- Slightly confusing at first, not much of a tutorialEven in its unfinished early access state, I would rate this game 8/10This game has some serious potential once fully completed!"
76561197990399454,Not Recommended,325630,31575226,Posted: 6 May,all,Rixoli,"I really want to like this game....I really do.Arms dealer's concept is one you really don't see fleshed out much (if ever) in gaming, despite the neat idea, the game's original release was....questionable to put it politely.For those interested in economic simulators (Such as Patrician, The Guild or similar titles), its a similar premise...however this is hands-downTHE most tedious User Interface (or UI) that i've ever come up against. In order to conduct a single sale (before you can automate whatsoever) you must do the following for every transaction:If its in a new country, Open countryOpen contactsBribeOpen the Buy/sell windowFind and purchase desired weapons in that countryOpen Smug(gle)Choose ""Private travel""Select VehicleDetermine routeSelect Cargo(s) to be carried in that vehicleReviewConfirmWait for it to arriveRepeat first 3 steps if its a new country you haven't accessed beforeOpen Buy-sellSell weaponsRepeat the vehicle movement steps (7-12) back to where the rest of your weapons are stored (if you couldn't fit the entire shipment in the vehicle)Repeat this entire set of steps ad nauseum.I don't mind a bit of repetition in games like this, frankly its to be expected, but what makes this so tedious also isn't JUST all of these steps, but that half of (if not more) your screen is covered by these windows, with several minimizing automatically between steps as well so you have to re-open them to continue the process.On the 16th of this month (May 2017) It will have been a full year since the Developer posted anything after making promises of a free remake of the title for those whom have already purchased it. More than a few folks have expressed their distaste with the developer and frankly I can't help but join them.I REALLYREALLYwant to like this game, but its less a treat to play and more of a chore."
76561198003069618,Recommended,325630,15146407,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Forsaken One,"Rarely have i seen a team engaged so closely with the community!The game itself is very interesting, and doesn't crash at all anymore (at least for me). Of course, it you don't like business sims, you won't like it. You play an arms dealer (duh) who is set to became the leader of its trade. You manipulate governments to escalate wars, track down the best deals, build your own logistic fleet to move the hardware around; all to make a neat profit. Of course, there is governmental agencies who tracks you down and bounty hunters to escape, and still more coming!!On the other hand, the learning curve is not for everyone, i dont recommend to buy this if you like having you hand held through most of the game, or dont like making errors. You will learn from them, but it might cause you to lose at first.Very good progress have been made by the developers to make the game worthy of a finished product, and they are still working on it very diligently. I may not show many playtime here, but i got the game from a certain place first, where the  developers themselves wrote that "" trial by torrent is a viable scenario, especially for indies. "" which i agree completly. The simple fact that they took the time to post this made me buy the game right away; a company such as this deserves to be supported. I'm more than happy to help people who assume their errors, and go out of their way to make the best possible product, literally fixing bugs reported in the forum and then coming with a hotfix in the following hours. Keep up the good work, at this rythm, this rough but beautiful gem will become a marvelous jewel only asking to be discovered.TL;DRPro:+Great support from the developer+Lots of regular updates and fixes, based on YOUR input+Deep gameplay with various strategyCon:-Still a bit rough around the edge (missing icons, some clumsy menu, etc)-Learning curve is not negligible, even with the (outdated) tutorialDon't buy if you dont like indies, wait if you are not sure about the state of the game, or buy if you know like me that this underdog is much worth supporting; i'm already having great fun with it :)"
,Recommended,325630,15027302,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Suffocated_Skies,"At the time of writing this review Arms Dealer is still in early access. Despite this I have yet to experience any significant crashes or glitches. Content is definitely lacking at this point but I understand their desire to aim for major content releases, especially as the game launches out of early access soon. That said it is a unique and enjoyable simulation experience and for gun enthusiasts it probablly has more firearms than any other title. The possibility of free DLC and mods make this game a hidden gem.What makes Arms Dealer and its development house truly special is the level of honesty and communication that Case In Point's chief developer keeps with the community. Other staff reflect this quality and it has been a great experience for me in restoring my faith in early-access and small development houses, especially after placing so much excitement into ""The Stomping Lands.""In short while I would recommend the game I cannot recommend more highly the house and staff behind it. They make a good game and they treat their customer with honesty, respect, and a sorely endangered sense of integrity."
76561198010820818,Not Recommended,325630,20359008,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Mastadans,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.It's not finished and devs have abandoned it. It's a ripoff and Steam isn't refunding money. (what a surprise!)
,Not Recommended,325630,15101767,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Danny,Choke full of bugs and crashes alot. Too many GUI bugs where the clicks are not recognized and hangs alot. The concept for the game is so amazing. Just needs alot of polishing.
76561198017193443,Recommended,325630,12575199,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Implied Facepalm Deadmeat,"If you have ever played Guns Girls Lawyers Dollars, this game is in a similar vein.Otherwise; it's a game about selling arms. Simple but true, thats the entire concept. The execution is very good however, you can load goods into chartered flights or use your own personal vehicles which you can buy at various points. You can see conflicts and sell weapons to both sides for profit.A good game, even in its early access state. The developers are unmatched in their communication and presence on the forum, on that alone this is a good game to invest in.As the Ferengi say, 'war is good for profit'."
76561198008369673,Recommended,325630,14933656,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Drecano,"UPDATED REVIEW:More updates down, more save files to wipe to see the effects.  But its in the name of science after all.So, from my last updated review, I called for a map zoom, to select those tiny countries much easier...and behold, thats what come down.....Thank You!! You got no idea how useful that is.That being said, still got some bugs to work out here and some crash issues.  However this is a step in the right direction.  The game is still fun and good, I will maintain that unless they do something totally catastrophically stupid.So I do still recommend this game, if a bit buggy, but the devs have kept up with it so far and addressed some past issues, so if they keep ironing out these things and add some more stuff ( I want my Tanks, Helicopters and Nukes baaaaack!! ;w;  )  then there is great potential here."
,Not Recommended,325630,17480634,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,jyn8462,"Tutorial is crap, game GUI is overly complicated, and even the fan made utorials aren't easily able to explain how to play tthe game, let alone how to enjoy it."
76561198081849316,Not Recommended,325630,17920283,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Terminator,It is really hard ro understand the instuctions. You have to figure out on your own what they are talking about in the tutorial. You might as well not play the tutorial
,Not Recommended,325630,17446980,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Bigwood,Poor UI gets in the way of this repetive game
,Recommended,325630,12580130,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,shimmm,"Tons of text to read. Time of date moves at least X8-10 faster then a real day. Great soundtrack, and most importantly, it's never about shooting guns. The game loads up ultra fast since it uses gamestudio, and it may be even faster then one of those flash games or phone apps. This game definately has that kind of feel similar to a phone/flash game, but the major difference is that this is a stand alone game, hence you are not bombarded with microtransactions and dlc content that you won't want to even pay full price on. There is a lot of different types of gun to trade, and sometimes keeping track of what you have and what you can sell to specific countries may take a while to get used to. but overall it is a very enjoyable experience, and may offer a relatively differemt experience for people who play a lot of fps games, but want to get into the selling side of the business, rather then the side that buys them and uses them."
76561198079335292,Recommended,325630,12574362,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Ya boi,From the time I have had with this game it's is shaping up to be a very good game. I saw it on the upcoming tab a couple of days before it came it out and  I thought it looked interesting. I proceeded to buy it the day it came out and I enjoyed it. The fact that saving was broke annoyed me but the fast fix has got me excited. At first I didnt understand how to play but was shown a link and I know the basis of it know. As of right now I'm waiting for a more in depth tutorial but the developer has stayed active on the forums and has let me know that it is well on the way with even more exciting features. I would reccomend buying this game now if you like business tycoon's/sims because once it is fully released on steam the price will go up as it is a very good work in progress.
76561198057728093,Not Recommended,325630,32054688,Posted: 29 May,all,piro_kat,"Let me put this as politely as i can....this is crap.The devs promised the community way more than they could or would have ever been willing to deliver and this basically is not a game. I purchased this on good faith in beta some time ago because the idea of this type of game seemed awesome and i've been waiting for more to happen with it but the team behind it has basically abondoned it entirely, taken their money and run. This pile of garbage is why i now refuse to support games in beta for the most part. Myself and all those other people who were excited about this idea got absolutely and utterly screwed. This had a ton of promise and didn't just fall short, it never really began.If anyone from Steam is reading this, do the community a favour and remove this. It's nothing but trash.If you're a prospective customer who's interested in this, you've been warned."
76561198031282984,Recommended,325630,15142376,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Capybara,"Arms Dealer version 16.0.3Subjectively, as someone who loves military hardware, trading sims, and political theatre, this game scratches all the right places.All products, weaponry, have unique descriptions and stats that makes you weigh aspects like supply, capacity, distance, and per unit profit in each planned trade. The idea of being a shadowy merchant of death who bribes generals, puts nations to war, and sells every sort of imaginable weapon to make disgusting amounts of blood stained money while evading authorities is endearing and fun to role play. I love it. Because of my subjective enjoyment alone, I reccomend this game.Objectively, the game shows promise, but needs a lot of work.The interface gets in the way quite a bit. A prime example of this is travel. Say you want to move to Poland with a bunch of cheap machineguns from China. Click Poland right? Now you have a window for Poland. Ah! A travel tab! I want to take my private yacht so I'll click private travel. That....made a minimized window. Close the window for Poland. Unminimize. Poland is not selected. Choose private yacht. Now I have to click a button to plot course. Window minimizes. I can't click Poland, I need to click a chain of countries leading to Poland. That makes sense, some countries may have investigators or might not be paid off enough and could intercept my shipment. click click click. Okay, I have a path to Poland. Wait, I need to load my machineguns into the transport to be taken with me when I travel. Okay, got my machineguns loaded, I've told it to sell them instantly when I get there, I've bought intel to tell me how much profit per unit I'll make. Good to go. My yacht turns into a plane and flies through the countires I've plotted to Poland. There's a quick travel option too, but it never brings cargo and can take you on ridiculously inefficent paths, and a Public travel option which is great if you'd like to wait 7 minutes to go to one of 5 or so countries you've never heard of with 45 tons of Israeli pistols.Several aspects of the game are incomplete or still being worked on, though it seems that they are being diligently updated by the developers. Some hidden menues don't do anything, a great portion of products are missing portrait graphics, Quite a few gameplay systems are implemented but seem to not be fully flushed out. There's definitely a lot of behind the scenes variables and factors that impact gameplay which are kept obscured from the player. The tutorial is also a slog you have to troubleshoot your way through.Overall, I love the game personally, but you might not if you're not willing to tolerate its shortcomings. The game does show promise for future versions, but at the moment it can be a hassle to play through for someone who doesn't absolutely love the kind of game it is."
,Not Recommended,325630,15157246,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,riwjin,"I buy this because the sole reason is to feel like competing with the Hekmatyars. And it is not easy especially against Koko and Kasper, period.Especially when your subordinates are so dumb that you have to do everything by yourself, merchanidises loading included. They won't do it if you aren't there. You also have to plan flight and trucks routes one-by-one by yourself.Ignore those ""thumb ups"" with reasons of ""because the devs are quick at debugging""If you buy this game solely on its performance, then wait until it's priceworthy enough. This one is pricey when comparing with its quality.If you want to be a Lord of War and stay alive, then don't take unnecessary risks.The system is confusing, buggy, extremely repetitive, and not so rewarding.Graphices also not nice. Time scale cannot be adjusted. etc etc etc. And what the hell with that huge polygon face in the tutorial and ""Stock control number"" in the Travel menu. Utterly nonsense and useless.Need tons of works to be properly called a finished product. A very long way to go.Nice to hear that the devs are eager to improve it. It's quite unplayable in this state.I will come back and change this review once it is worthy enough to be recommended."
,Not Recommended,325630,12883728,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,◂FULSE▸,"I was really excited about Arms Dealer. But the game is very incipide. It looks just ""ok"" and there is not much to do. The game is about buying guns at low price and sell them to country at war. Sometimes another dealer does not like you and ask for money, and nothing happens if you don't pay and avoid his location.Great idea behind the game but the game desiner/director didnt had a clue on what to do to bring some excitement.Will review again on official lauch.3/10"
,Recommended,325630,15132085,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,PeppaPigKilla,"What ? a positive review?0.7 hours gametime and a majority of that was figuring out whether i had travelled or not.I am thumbing this game up purely down to a few things..Here these few things are;The main reason i bought this game was to back up the developers, and my decision to do this was down to their repsonse  to my first thread on the forumshttp://steamcommunity.com/app/325630/discussions/0/611701999528906030/How often do you get a developer that can take constructive criticism and then over a day or so make the changes YOU suggested/Wanted ?http://steamcommunity.com/app/325630/discussions/3/611701999529335950/The developers listen to the people who play the game and those who dont, they help the people on the fence decide whether the game is for them or not without any false positives, they even agree on threads that have something that has to be improved on or why its wrong.I fully support this game and its future development which is why i bought the game, I didn't buy it to play it, I bought it to show my support towards the great developers and the great community that has evolved from this this game.My favourite buy/sell sim games of future past were dopewars and car dealer, so having something else of similar value with better UI and developer support exceeds the problems this game has had or has.Support the development of this game, Give constructive feedback and sit back and marvel over the quick and great responses given by the devs of the game.Love it."
,Not Recommended,325630,15307976,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Rataphract,"When the tutorial is almost impossible to learn how to play the game from, this... is not a purchase you should be looking at making without taking a long, long look at some lets plays.I'm not an entirely dumb guy, but the interface is almost impenetrable. If the UI was overhauled, there might be a game under this. But I literally cannot tell."
,Not Recommended,325630,17830770,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Role2b,♥♥♥♥♥Interface with a♥♥♥♥♥♥tutorial to boot. This is undoubtedly one of the ♥♥♥♥♥est games I have ever played. However it did do a fantastic job of boring the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me for 6 minutes.
76561198029048314,Recommended,325630,15190582,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,JewishBaratheon,"Okay well let me say firstly these are just my first impressions, the game is very new and I've not got many hours on it so some of this stuff may be inaccurate.Arms Dealer is in my opinion a very good game with a lot of promise-and with future patches and such I can see it being a very complex sim that you can sink hours into. However right now at this moment it seems very shallow.So let me explain a bit.Arms Dealer is a business sim where you whizz around the world selling weapons illegally trying to beat the competition and stay ahead of the law while getting $tack Bundle$ of dolla dolla.So let me focus on some of the actual buisness and economic aspects of the game seeing as they are it's core mechanics.Well it all seems a bit two dimensional and areas that could be incredibly deep seem very vauge and not properly explained or disfunctional.Firstly- supply and demand. Basic economic principles. Certain countries are called Arms Suppliers, and they, suprisingly, supply you with guns. Nations like France, Switzerland, the Uk, Russia, China and the USA and a few others. Each supply thier own national models of firearm and they differ in price based upon assumed quality (though this isn't an ingame value and it abstracted rather crudly I feel to simply ""PRICE"" reflecting it's supposed quality)Every other country in the world is an arms buyer. Yup thats right- except for maybe 8 or 9  nations no-one else is selling or making any sort of firearm in the world. No-one.You can't even buy surplus stock of other countries weapons from them. This seems a little unrealistic seeing as countries like Syria, Iran and others are major suppliers of weaponry. Secondly, over-abundance of supply seems to have little or no effect on price. I sold 265 crates of grenade launchers to the Netherlands during thier War with Ukraine (thus taking those weapons off the market effectivly as i bought up all of Russia's supply of them)However a few in-game days later I returned to Russia, the supply had magically regenerated so i bought them all again and went back to The Netherlands and sold them for the exact same price. Now I know weapons break and degrade ect but within an in-game week and half I had sold a massive $400,000,000 worth of Grenade launchers to the Netherlands which would be fine. Except I basically flooded thier market with them and just raked in massive profits. Surely someone at Netherlands HQ (tm) was sat thier doing stock take thinking ""♥♥♥♥ we have a lot of Grenade launchers we don't really need to pay much for them anymore"" and why was no-one in Russia going ""♥♥♥♥ Grenade Launchers are popular lets double the price""It broke the game and was a simple exploit. In a month of back and forth trading I made 1.2 BILLION and jumped from being the worlds number 100 arms dealer to 18th. It's not really providing any depth or challenge is it? And this is all before The Agentcy (the law enforcers baisically) even were aware I existed. In fact they didn't try to activly stop me until i reached 11th on the table.After that it was easy sailing, I could go to any country I wanted and buy up thier entire stock and sell it all en-mass to The Netherlands and make huge profits. All this time I didn't sell a single gun to Ukraine, but this didn't seem to affect the war at all. No there are potentially 99 other arms dealers in game, (but so far I've only happened to chance upon 1 of them while I was chillin in Cuba waiting to make the trip to the USA.) So maybe they sold the Ukraine guns but that data, if it exists, isn't easy to find. In fact I didn't find it. So I have no idea. But surely selling almost the entire arms producing worlds stock to one country would end the war pretty quickly?So to spice things up a bit I decide to become a war maker. The game has a feature called Black Umbrella where you can manipulate nations into going to war with each other. But this seems overly complex and abstracted, I didnt; really know what I was doing except green numbers good, red numbers bad in creating war desire. It broke immersion a little bit, and it was also ridiculously easy. After making so much money from my arms dealing I could withstand the price of any of the triggers needed to start the war. 3 million is all it took to make Ethiopia and Poland go to war, I make double that in a single Russia-Netherlands Grenade Launcher run these days.Ethiopia and Poland. WTF. How would that even work? Geo-politics doesn't seem to exist in Arms Dealer on a sort of level. You also cannot make Arms Suppliers go to war, despite the USA, Russia, China and Israel being probably the most likely countries to get into a war.There seems to be a bit of an attempt at alliances though with COMAX, NATO and NA opinions changing of you with every purchase and sale but frankly this all seems a little pointless. I have no idea who is in any of these factions beyond simple guesswork as faction lists don't exist or if they do I couldn't find them and no tool tips existed to tell me where to look. No do I have any idea what they affect. At first I thought price. Russia is probably COMAX and Netherlands is probably NATO, but the prices of Russian weapons didn't change nor did the quantity despite the massive sales and -6000 COMAX opinion i was generating on each trip. So I have no idea if thats a bug or what.So thats a lot of negatives and you're probably wondering why I recomended this game. Well frankly it is a lot of fun. I really enjoyed the idea of using a freight ship to move hundreds of tonnes of munitions to Mexico and then manipulating them into a war with Finland and getting insanely rich. It's also very addictive and I stayed up way too late these last few nights thinking ""I'll just do one more trip"" or ""I'll just make one more war""Secondly, the potential for depth is there. With a more in-depth economic system and geo-political system this game could be fantastic. It could be highly complex with a very large challenge attached to it. So for the moment I'd say buy the game and enjoy it for what it is but pay attention to it and it may develop into something amazing.EDIT: I'd also say that the dev's are really fast at trying to fix things which is a refreshing change given the current tidal wave of utter♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that has swamped Steam lately. Permanently unfinished Early Acess games that sit vacant for months are strangling Steam and overcrowding it with medicority, the comitment of the devs is a true breath of fresh air.Secondly a lot of people are complaining of bugs and crashes, i've not had any crashes or obvious bugs so far. The tutorial is very clunky though."
,Recommended,325630,15245873,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,★☆☆★ Subpar Lee Lee,"It is a fascinating game, and it captures the essence and danger of the international black market firearms trade. There are some bugs and glitches here and there, missing image files and some general need of polishing but other then that it is an addictive experience. Keep doing what you guys do, live large enough to fail and build again, you guys are an awesome independent development studio. I can't wait for your future firearm related releases specifically Weapon Tycoon, sounds neat.Ideas for features to be added or changed in game:Trade of ammunitionMore accurate mass per firearmPolishing of existing bugs primarily Fatal Error bugsLarge contract deals with military of third world nationsMore supply nationsReclassification of certain firearms-(a Mosin Nagant is not an assault rifle)"
76561198009903018,Not Recommended,325630,15258880,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Corwin86,"Great premises, but really strange result...First, the game is not worthing the 12$ for which is currently sold.Actually the game is nice to play, but there is really nothing to keep you playing it for more than a couple of hours!Really, can be considered a game a product where you actually only buy for less and sell for more?Because, it's all you can actually do in the current game!There is the graphic, the base for a nice game... and the possibility to create something more, but at the end, at the actual state, the game can be worth something around 3-4 $, not more.I really don't understand why the developers had thrown away a good opportunity to create something really worthing of 12 $, they were close, I think.But no, for now it's a simple product and actually a pretty boring one!"
,Recommended,325630,12545581,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Kobolt,"I Enjoy the strategy built into this game, like moving arms based on wartime inflations and the different routes to take. one thing i do hope in the future is that the conflits of war be a little more realistic.. Austrailia at war with Canada is a bit farfetch'd. This game has potential."
,Recommended,325630,15093778,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,𝐻𝒶𝓂𝒾𝓃𝓀,"Good, but unpolished. Wait a bit to buy it or pick it up during a sale (not the release sale!)"
76561198063178744,Not Recommended,325630,25645617,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,burningfight,"I REALLY wanted to like this game, and I tried it before and was frustrated with the UI and the tutorial so I stopped, then I decided to try it again, and it was still clunky and not intuitive AT ALL. I think it is a great concept, but they tried to do too much at once and instead of having a few really great core mechanics to build on we were left with a whole bunch of poorly done mechanics that may have been great ideas, but executed poorly. I am hoping that the dev will continue with updates and maybe polish the game some, because it really does have a TON of potential. However, in the current state I would not recommend this game to anyone."
,Not Recommended,325630,19622705,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Steven,"Game is good, the UI is barely use able at times."
76561198033753581,Not Recommended,325630,15212035,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,GuyFawkes,It crashes for every mode but the tutorial.... FML
76561198048091979,Recommended,325630,15155876,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Prometheus Unbound,"Lets be brutally honest here. This game is not the most beautiful game out there. Nor is it the most well polished game mechanically speaking. Sorry devs but that is just the truth. The game has its small issues. No dodging that.But the good outweighs the bad tenfold.I really dont want to write a wall of text. So i will bullet point the good and the bad and keep each one concise:The good:A simple UI that shows you what you need to know when you need to know it. It also looks nice enough.A story mode that can be skipped. I dont know about you guys but i am not the biggest fan of story modes in a game like this. I like to just play. There is a nice sandbox mode which you can change the options for such as starting cash and so on.Random events. A lot of games do this, of course, but this feels a little more random. It wont get to a point where you realise the random events are purely scripted and tyou can predict what will happen. Wars being the best example of this. Knowing that any nation can declare war on any other nation is actually kind of fun.Freedom. Play your way. Different from story mode in that this applies to the game as a whole. You decide the best way to earn yourself money. Will you take advantage of the recent conflict that broke out? Will you decide to deal with only one part of the globe, perhaps only dealing in Asia or America? What form of transport will you use to smuggle your goods? Will you make an alliance with or destroy the competition? you get the idea.Information, information,information, in a good way. The weapons you sell all have their own factoids. And some have been updated to suit the period the game is set in. And there is a good amount about your business. Everything you need to keep the money comingRelated to my last point, info is not free when it comes to supply and demand. There are mechanics in place that require you to pay for information about a country.This game does not hold your hand. Once you have finished the tutorial you are on your own, for the most part.Small point: Agencies hunting for you. There is a most wanted list in the game. Obviously you would expect it but this game does it quite well. There is a real need to keep an eye on the different agencies in the game.Upcoming DLC that will expand the game into other criminal enterprises. Want to be the next Walter White? Well your meth labs are on their way :)The bad:The tutorial is not the best ever. Sometimes it does not provide you with enough information. And worst of all its easy to break it if you accidentally stray from the tutorial or rush ahead a little and you will find yourself with a tutorial that no longer progresses.Another small point: At this moment(without modding) you cant change things like your starting country. For me that was kind of irritating. I saw my Arms Dealer as a bit of a British gangster type.I personally dont mind the feature i am about to mention but i understand why it is silly and would not mind if it changed. Odd countries going to war. Sometimes two countries will go to war that will make no sense. Sure its a game not real life, but its an immersion breaker sometimes.I also noticed that some countries that would normally go to war with each other in a heartbeat are not available to choose when attempting to foster a war.Thats about it for the bad list. There are features i would like to see. But nothing i would consider a let down for the game. Just personal preferences.If the theme attracts you. And you like managment type games, you will like this game.I know its said a lot but just keep in mind it is an indie title. Dont judge it by AAA standards."
76561198045567988,Recommended,325630,12573511,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,BBB-Boss Snikrot,"Now to start I would like to point out Arms dealer is a game that you will need to sink in a bit of time before you can really understand and have fun with the game. With this said I had alot of time on my hands, so i decided to buy the game and check it out.Pros:Great layoutnice musiccool gunsBadass viberelaxingCons:A bit of a pain in the bum to understandNeeds a bit more clarification in the tutorials.With that said given the price i would give this game a solid 7.5/10"
,Recommended,325630,12503265,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Arstotzkan Border Patrol,"Very, VERY in alpha.Its promising as hell but just give the devs sometime to finish the thing then you should pick it up."
76561198005428101,Not Recommended,325630,20755273,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,FatalEvents,"I'd like to recommend this game but I cannot, The UI could benefit from some serious streamlining.  In its current state the UI has barely improved from Early Access and may have gotten worse.  It just kills the game for me."
76561198069777724,Not Recommended,325630,30514072,Posted: 14 March,all,"Hogga, doesn't speak Russian",Love the idea but flawed tutorial and no devolopment
76561198079302606,Not Recommended,325630,25771302,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Clp81_Chiquita,"Okay, this game is halfway good, but only if you have the brain of an Proffessor or are an Computer expert, this game is complex i get it, but that most people say: i cant even finish the tutorial! this is the truth for me, the game is somewhat broken, it works fine exept of 2 things: I CANT BUY WEAPONS IN A DIFFRENT COUNTRY! and if i enter a country it auto-loads my goods in a warehouse and i cant get weapons out of the warehouse.As a big fan of the Anime Jormungand (what reminds me abit of this, social exeptable arms dealing in the high level) this makes me sad, i whant to play a Arms Dealer game were i buy cheap and sell wenn somebody needs it, just if i cant buy cheap in South Sudan (a black market statistic says one AK is 50$) becuse i can only buy guns in russia its frustrating and the worse part is, there wont fix it....so if you dont fix things yourself becuse your a Grade A modder then keep your hands out of your wallet and buy Jormungand, its not a game but its 100 times 4 better then this."
76561198023315421,Not Recommended,325630,18027534,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,leonardocaldas,cant seem to play this game. Just bought it and evertime I run the game it won't let me click anything ingame. Waste of 12 bucks.
,Recommended,325630,15438602,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,OfficialMrJ05,This is an amazing game.If you like the movie Lord of War and you love management games then you will surely like this.
76561198059600504,Recommended,325630,16817310,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,species.7,Lord Of War. . . I mean Arms Dealer  is not as easy as some tycoon style games but it has a real depth that simpler games lack.The tutorial is very long and can mean you miss or forget details when you get to being on your own.The weapon selection is astounding! As an ex Gun Dealer I can tell the devs have done their homework.Overall I give Arms Dealer a big thumbs up.The game is amazing now and shows great promise for future developement.Go but it and get you Nicky Cage on!
76561198007114091,Not Recommended,325630,18787387,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,sergent pink,"really unfriendly game , not even worth the time to read this review"
,Not Recommended,325630,17683478,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,LongLiveACDC,why did i buy this..
76561198063252600,Not Recommended,325630,28004729,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,yourself_one,"1½ year old and full of bugs, gj."
76561198136505485,Not Recommended,325630,29100325,Posted: 7 January,all,IvanTheTerrrible,DO NOT BUY!!!
76561198080461653,Recommended,325630,17998584,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,llocko,Decent Simulation once you know how it works and the devs keep in touch with its fans as well and they do listen. If you want to be a lord of war or rich smuggler this is the game for you.
,Not Recommended,325630,12587499,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Valorous Heart,"As brilliant as an idea it is, and as ambitious a project it seems to be, unfortunately I cannot reccomend this in its current state. Perhaps wait until further updates?"
76561197971490294,Recommended,325630,12933473,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,I.T Drift,"My thoughts so far on the gamePlayed for about 4hrs, found the game addictive and fun. I realise the game is still early access. I'm not sure if some of these things have been mentioned, I don't have time to read forums much. I would like to make a few suggestions and a little run down on how I found the experience to be.Overall the game is fun and addictive. Just needs more things to do, to make the game last longer. Need more things to spend your money on. Needs more end game features.Be able to evade the agency, hide your tracks so you are not discovered. Found game to end too quickly. Game loses its appeal if you know your only going to lose eventually. (not sure if you are able to avoid agency or not, have not discovered if you can, if so disregard)What is the purpose of the upgrade button, and bounty safety? couldn't figure out what that was supposed to do. What do the agency and peace keepers bars mean?Have sandbox mode available from the start, although I do like and want a story mode. I found the challenge missions really difficult straight from the get go, scale the challenges just for story mode just to ease new players in, then randomise it after a few are completed.I also noticed someone mentioned they want a pause option, although I found I didn't really need to pause, I would have liked to have had that option as I pressed escape into the menu thinking it was paused, but then came back to an end game report screen. I guess pause in menu would be good and pause in game to make everyone happy.I would also like to add that I really like the range of weapons you have, great that you have used real names. Also surprised to find you have the CheyTac in there ;-) Keep up the good work so far.Just my 2 cents"
,Not Recommended,325630,15270930,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Darkstar,"The UI is incomprehensible for the first hour or so (or more, depending), and then when you figure it out the game is a simplistic, partially broken mess. I'm sick of the reviews that laud the developers for responding in threads about how their game is broken or lame. That is what devs SHOULD do, regardless of the title, and is the bare MINIMUM customers should expect when they buy a product. That's a baseline. The fact that most devs are fat sacks of♥♥♥♥♥♥that don't bother to check the forums for their own games more than once a month does not mean the standard is rock bottom. Enough of this crap."
76561198000870337,Recommended,325630,15094640,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,-K-,"A few years back, I saw Lord of War for the first time. Nicholas Cage aside, the movie was fantastic. Watching other series such as Jormungand only served to heighten that interest. Something about the allure of traveling the globe selling weapons sucked me in; the money, the danger, the thrill of closing a deal, and the power looming behing it all. I have been looking for a game like Arms Dealer ever since, so needless to say I was thrilled when I found it on Steam. This game gives you the same power and control of an arms dealer. Nothing feels quite so satisfying as closing a multibillion dollar sale of AK-47s to Columbia while narrowly avoiding the law enforcement hot on your tail.That said, this game is definitely not for everyone. It takes a certain amount of patience, so if you're looking for some kind of fast paced, Call-of-Duty esque game, look elsewhere. This IS a business management game, so managing the interface (which is incredibly detailed and takes some time to master) is just a part of what you're signing up for. Some negative reviews have called this ""counter-intuitive,"" but for a game so large in scope, it is going to feel unwieldy at first until you learn to master it. Also on that note, the tutorial is... lacking, but despite that I still caught on fairly quickly.Another aspect I would like to note is that yes, the game is still early on in the developmental stage. You can expect crashes, and my game save was erased whenever the game updated, forcing me to start from the beginning again. That said, I expected that coming in. This game is still early on in development. There are going to be bugs. None of these errors took away from my enjoyment playing the game, and from the way I've seen this developer work, I have faith that this will get fixed in a timely manner.In short, know what you are signing up for: you will be getting into a detailed, entertaining management game where you feel like a badass mastermind, and as the game is still being worked on and updated, you as a community member have a huge say in how the game moves forward.If you have a few bucks to spare and are a fan of Lord of War, Jormungand, or feeling like a global badass, this game is certainly worth it."
76561198010178207,Recommended,325630,15089770,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Sparkydjm1,"I grabbed the game in Early Access, thought it looked promising and decided to hold off a review until the full version came out. It is now upon us and, my word, it looks amazing.The opening sequence was a good set up and sets up a story behind your inception as an arms dealer (text went by a little fast for me tho). It looks like a simple game, but having grown used to the Early Access version, it looks pretty amazing. It a fairly simple game to pick up: you buy arms, travel to other countries, preferably those that are at war and turn a quick profit. Bribe generals to expand your network, gain access to new types of weapons and hopefully, you'll start to understand why arms dealing is a lucrative trade. Hopefully you'll be just waiting for a conflict to break out so you can sell your new anti-tank weapon.You're not alone in this though. You'll be competing against the machinations of agencies who would love to put you out of business. You're also encounter other arms dealers who can spy on, ally with or even kill.One of the best things about this game is the developemnt team itself. Looking at some of their forum posts convinced me that this game would be worth buying since they really do listen to the community. They've already released 3 patches since the full game was released and all through Early Access, they've always listened to the community and their suggestions, answering all questions put to them and fixing any issues as fast as possible.Fair warning tho: there are some bugs in the game, some of the weapon descriptions are incomplete and there are still some UI problems. If you encounter them, don't throw the game away or rubbish it instantly. Go to the forums and tell the team. They really care about this game and your opinion.If you loved watching Lord of War or wanted a different experience from shooters and Facebook games, then this might be something for you.See if you have what it take to arm the world."
76561198083055905,Recommended,325630,14979393,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Sauron Enemy of the free people,its a fun game i recommend it to those who like strategy there is enough space for improv8/10 for me
76561198004581640,Not Recommended,325630,15199918,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,ZIpipicuz,Like: you deal armsDislike: UI is so awful that you want to kill yourselfWaste of time until UI is fixed.
,Not Recommended,325630,16138751,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,MountainJew .͜.,Its not like you expect it to be. Hard to grasp the basic and once they are grasped the game is still repetitive and boring. Quite clunky too and the devs have more or less abandoned the game
,Not Recommended,325630,17215006,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,xS1lver N Black,Very hard learning curve and tutorial is not the greatest. An ok game for buying and selling weapons on the black market throughout the world.
,Recommended,325630,12492556,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,nikolai60,"First Look Video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obYj-_rORekI'll be honest, not my cup of tea, BUT the game is clearly good and well thought out, and for anyone who likes these kinds of games it certainly is a keeper. Though some of the unfinishedness shows through, it IS early access, and still very clean. If you can't deal with a hiccup or two at least keep a close eye out, it's worth your time.The one part I didn't get to explore much, which I'm curious about, is how closely some of the demands are related to the effectiveness of said weapons in the field."
,Recommended,325630,12493528,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Soviet,ALPHA ALERT!!! very busted and tedious for now. they needed a boost in cash hence the alpha stage. but be warned this game is NOT ready yet.Looks like it has potential tho.
,Recommended,325630,15103153,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,RogueSoldier,"I really enjoy playing this game, but almost everytime it crashes wich really bums me out. It's super fun and a great time killer would be way better if it didn't crash as often."
76561198139674447,Recommended,325630,15226279,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,FreakOfNatureBobbyHill,This game is SUPER indie. For example you still need to use F5 to save. I think in a few more updates this game will be great
,Not Recommended,325630,15166890,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Metatron,"First I must say I am a huge fan of trading games like Patrician and such, I can happily waste all my time in games like these. I don't like writing reviews on Steam but I had to review this game.I spotted this game while it was on sale and it was recommended to me by Steam. Considering that game is discounted as well, I quickly put it on my wishlist before buying immediately. I took a look at the comments and all the people were reporting a ""fatal error"" bug which was breaking the game everytime. Developers quickly got rid of it so I told myself lets give it a shot.The game is very complex. You feel so dumb while playing the game because you actually don't know what to do. Even after playing the weak tutorial mission you don't understand anything. I myself stood in front of the screen like an idiot for ten minutes trying to understand what the hell is going on. I am not going to tell the details about the game but the most annoying thing in the game is that you can't fast forward time. You have to wait a lot for your cargo to reach its destination.Developers are very polite and very quick to implement solutions in the game. At least they are not trying to bully the people who downvoted the game.I think this game will be ready in a few months but I don't recommend buying it right now.Also, the family yacht is a plane. (Edit: Now I have learned that family yacht IS a yacht and not a plane. Sorry, my bad.)"
,Not Recommended,325630,15222992,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,MTLAnon,"this is the first review i ever make after buying some of the game at steam since i am too lazy to write one but this game genre is kinda my thing so i bought the game and start to play it but it really dissapointing me. why i didn't recommended this game?1st this game tutorial suck. really it tell us to click the buy and sell and smug and any other thing but no any explanation of what we should see and why we click the damned thing. so i hope it get fixed soon.2nd it doesn't tell how reputation fall and raise which i found out when i buy some arms from russia and my reputation fall at other nation such as UK, itally, french, etc. when i sell arms to japan other nation i have previouslly sell weapon like libya start to fall even vietnam whose i never interect with gone BIG minus. and please give me explanation how to balance the damn thing.3rd there is some locked art for some of the weapon i want to buy or sell didn't explain how i can get the damn thing as well.4th i didn't even know what the demand there for. i see the country demand like for machine gun is 4 but i can sell 100 without care and it still sold.5th well i haven't play long enough to said it so i will leave it at first 4 thing. maybe will update more if i see moresorry if my eng suck cause it is not my primary language."
76561198115855850,Recommended,325630,15085312,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Hackster27,FATAL ERROR inaction number 1of Alarm Event for alarm 1for object obj_country:trying to index a variable which is not an array
76561198038934969,Recommended,325630,15162358,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,simc1,"I recommand this game based on potential and the will of its Publisher to fix everything and answer to the users questions.That being said, the game has several flaws that make the experience a bit ''raw''. For instance, moving trucks or boats from a country to another could be really simplified and intuitive. The concept of buying low and selling high is not new but there is definetely a lot of depth involved in the quantity of arms, countries, informations available. The storyline is OK but would merit a proper English translation.Pros :nice conceptfunlots of contentgreat support from Publishercons :menus could be streamlinedbad translationin-game windows and overal game is a bit clunkygame is good at this point based on potential more than its current state"
,Recommended,325630,15176311,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,[DFC] Sensei,"Arms dealer has come a LONG way since initial release- most of the earlier, negative reviews have to do with a bad crash that was happening, the lack of reasonable tutorial, and inscrutable interface. These are largely gone, and while the interface isn't very efficient for repetitive tasks, it does the job. The developers -I've spoken to the lead personally- are very serious about continuing to make large updates and improve the game.Right now, there's already a lot of fun stuff to do: Build a yacht that goes 800 miles an hour, hire a shadow corporation to cause a drought in Chad so they'll attack their neighboring countries (then both sides buy your guns!) and read through a veritable library of firearms, while you load them into your cargo ship by the ton."
76561198092059555,Not Recommended,325630,15330189,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Half Dead,"Good concept, bad execution. It's really hard to begin, make money, and understand. It takes way too long to understand what is going on. It is way too ambitious. Don't buy unless it's cheap."
,Recommended,325630,15181646,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Taylor,Nice little game.
76561198080955411,Recommended,325630,16887677,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Jebus,Just got it today and been playing it since very addictive  but confusing tutorialMy score 7.5/10
76561197978494318,Recommended,325630,21226853,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,ϟϟGrowerϟϟ,"Ive loved games like dope wars, drug lord, now there is a Gun version I almost blew my wad. I am an actual Firearms and Car collector. I love Guns, Cars, Women, And Yes this game. Now this game is not a pop and play. IT took time to firgure things out. I read that there was no tutorial, I for one hate tutorials. I mean Im a dude guys if I buy something from (fill in the blank) that needs assembling, whats the first thing guys like us do? we toss the instructions. I cant stand playing Android games because majority all have a tuturial, It might just be me because im being impatiant but seriously this game is great in my view. The game has a hard learning curve so if thats not your cup of tea I suggest its not for you. If your like me and enjoy a challange then buy this game."
76561198199101169,Not Recommended,325630,18659484,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,gohjw7993,why keep crash ? may i know why?
,Recommended,325630,12492493,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Xiupan,"EDIT: My previous review was negative, however the developer has continued to be very active with the community. They have been churning out bug fixes and are continuing to polish their content. I'd like to switch my review to a positive one. At this point, I can completely recommend this game. The future continues to look bright for these devs as well."
76561198011530672,Recommended,325630,15502597,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,nicma10,"The game is entertaining during the first hours but after getting over the 2bn$ mark you get a bit bored, the game being based on the surface only on buying and selling with a possible margin, but if you do look more deap into the game mecanism you discover that there is a huge potential.- points:-The interface is a bit of mess, nothing making unplayable but would need some polishing.-The game crashes somethimes-The game has a bunch of bugs- No real negociation+ points:- lots of weapons and an increasing number of them have their own image- great community and devs, you can feel the passion- is a work of progress, and should be considerd as one- some WTF situation ( Cameroun declaring war against lithuania) possible but....This is a game that schould be in early acces that shows lots of potential and is supported by really active Devs.Sorry the possible mistakes, as I am not a native speaker"
76561198046114942,Recommended,325630,15086020,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Ovation585,"Update:Most crashes have been fixed and it is quite an enjoyable game now.Original:Really enjoy the game but for one thing, the crashing. I get a good start in the game and play for a couple hours and then it crashes. It wouldn't be as much of a problem if I could load the game and just start playing again but whenever I load the game that crashed it will either crash as soon as I try to travel or I'll have about a minute until it crashes again. I cannot in good conscience reccomend this game until that is fixed, as soon as it is I will change this review."
76561198115559330,Recommended,325630,15441102,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,HaZarD CraZeD,"Gave this game its fair shot, and came back highly impressed. The influence you can have on the world is intense. Whether it be from selling an arsenal of high grade weapons to an isolated country with an itchy trigger finger. Or starting wars between rival countries to get the most out of your dealings.But you have to be quick about your actions because you have Agencies and Bounty Hunters busting arm/limb trying to track you down as you grow in popularity. So that will give you a run for your money.As for the individuals not recommending this game… The amount of time they spent playing or at least keeping up with hot fixes/patches/etc speaks for itself. No game is made perfect, that being said, I highly recommend this game for anyone looking for some originality and change of pace."
76561198051128585,Recommended,325630,15076253,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,supervegeta01,When I bought the game it was broken as it crashed on me everytime. However the devolpers fixed and now the game can be played without any problems. When it comes to the game it very simple. Buy the guns then sell it on at the best price at possible. Avoid the peacekeepers and be the best arms dealer. For those who have interset in business I recomend you buy. For those who like quick and fast pace games then it isn't ur game. This is more for those who like stragey and are willing to take time with their games
,Recommended,325630,15511549,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,TexasShark. Farmskins.com,"It's not bad or good ,but it is beta and just see how good it gets, dont hate just play and see what the dev has in the updates , and see if there is more guns or boats and planes. thx for this game Love it."
76561198023935271,Recommended,325630,15137247,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,songmingtehn,i do not recommend any new gamer who dont like guessing game to buy right now unless u like the kind of game that make u guess everything by yourself and have no info to help u what he doing or what it doing or what it want u to be doing.but if u are a old (vet) gamer who have time and can wait for them to fix the problem for u every few day than it ok i guess.dont get me wrong it a good game but it more like 1/2 done which need alot of work before it fun (understandable) for most ppl.for new or young gamer should wait for a month or 2 when most bugs and problem is fixed than buy.
76561197972631979,Recommended,325630,15134346,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Durt Reynolds,It has a learning curve but is rather easy after you get the hang of it...Story sucks
76561198028790483,Recommended,325630,12492713,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,jtvermaas,While i can see this game has a lot of potential for a management game with a cool topic.Be prepared to do a lot of trial and error as nothing is really explained.Also switching to different screens takes pretty long and the zoom function is has a lag in it.(at least on my pc)Anyway its a cool game and since its early acces i sure these growing pains will dissappear.I would recommend this game to any management / tycoon fan
,Not Recommended,325630,17147510,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Koala,"Played for 4 hours and it crashed first time I ever played it, had to start all over again.Pro: mehCon: facebook game being sold for £10Would want my money back."
,Recommended,325630,15086033,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Schpentiger,"I think it's quite good.Sure, there could be more polishing and what not as some reviews mention; devs seem to be updating frequently.If you check out ""recent news"" section there have been posts of many updated versions.First 20~30 mins can be quite confusing and difficult, but if you go on, knowing most, if not all strategy games requiring those ""very first time"" stages, I think you'll find something out of it. I think I found some fun out of this game and I know there's still a lot more to find out."
76561197975999737,Recommended,325630,15182774,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Kling Rocka con Queso,"Started off with a lot of bugs but with such aggressive developer involvement I've seen this grow to a stable and extremely fun game.  The concept is excellent, the difficulty scales from basic to remarkably difficult. Replayable to the max.  Love this kind of ingenuity in gaming.  They have teased DLC and a spinoff game so we can be fairly sure they won't be abandoning this one any time soon."
76561198066032031,Recommended,325630,16949852,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Ilykiller,My game keep crashing somehow!! it keep telling me to abort the game.What should i do?
76561198008000549,Not Recommended,325630,15304210,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Gough,"the game is over complicated, Even following the instructions to the tutorial isnt explained very well.save your £10 and look for another game"
76561198068427597,Recommended,325630,15115810,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,The Crooked Chin,wow
,Recommended,325630,15167360,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Ketsa,"Honest review time, at the current stage I can really tell that it will be a decent game in a couple of months but as of March and the beginning of April it isn't really that great. I recommend to play it once, wait a couple of months, then try it again.I haven't been the one to play tycoon/sim games, the only other tycoon I have played other than flash games was Video Game Dev, and I thought it was swell. As far as I know, to my knowledge there are not any other games like this. I have close to 300 games so hopefully that entitles me to review this. I'm going to try a Pros/Cons list.This one time in Russian Nuclear Blast camp, Yuri Orlov bought 400 AK-47s and Russia couldn't defend itself from Wheat Warriors.Pros:+Original concept+Large arsenal to buy and sell+Mod support (Lord of War mod)+Endless scenarios for conflict+Dev team activley works to fix bugs and improve the overall experience+Sandbox options make replayability a possibility+You can now name your character, so name yourself Yuri Orlov.+A fun experience to actively participate in making history by selling weapons to either or both sides of an armed conflict.Cons:-Some countries are still not accessable (Notably Austria being merged with Switzerland)-Learning curve is not too too steep, but unless you play the tutorial you may not make much progress.-UI is meh-Story is non-existent-Some windows such as the Wanted Persons or the News window do not have an accessible button fromt the map, instead you have to open the controls and look up the hotkey.-Transportation is meh (You can build new vehicles with futuristic addons but travelling in anything other than your yacht is annoying and slow.)April 2, 2015"
,Recommended,325630,28276322,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,TainoWarChief,Excellent Game!
76561198046449908,Recommended,325630,15088639,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,danny,game keeps crashing all the time....
,Not Recommended,325630,16538112,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,JQ * HLTV.ORG,My parents allways sad to me in my teenager to have condoms becuse i dont want aids i regret using condoms becuse this game gave me anyways AIDS dont buy it it is a vaste of money
76561198032060783,Not Recommended,325630,17032218,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,jjalison,Complete waste of money.
,Recommended,325630,12531931,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Gabenfoodle,"Its pretty good for what it is. In short, AD is a Arms Dealer Sim. You go around, sell guns, buy guns, and try to avoid detection by NATO. Its a bit more complicated then that, but you get my drift. You just gotta be a nerd, and like games like this in order to like this game.I mean, right now, its a bit lackluster, but that can easily change, and really, I'm sure it will.*Sorry if this review makes no sense, the video version is better*http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z_-feFMJnWo&feature=youtu.be"
76561197981255414,Recommended,325630,15541140,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,ChillBilly,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=03nrGbxx1Ps
76561198072367534,Not Recommended,325630,13473506,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,[82DK]GeneralSaltine,"This game is one of the most confusing things next to addititon, but besides that the point is that this game is terrible, don't buy it. Period."
76561197992970282,Not Recommended,325630,15166470,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Denny Crane,"Denny Crane is sorry to say, that any video game that promotes gun rights, might not get recommended. This game suffers from terrible quality assurance and numerous design flaws, so much so it really makes the game look ugly while playing. Spelling, grammar and sentence structure are just a few of the minor things you will notice, frequently; add on music that doesn't fit the genre, and a cluttered, rough user interface.The game was released half baked, and frankly it is a shame. It ain't easy putting down the little guy, but the American dream shouldn't be easy to achieve. The idea for this video game is great, it is just too bad it was executed so sloppy and half baked.Great idea for a video game, sloppy execution. Denny Crane."
,Recommended,325630,16331579,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,zombiefromfo [FO],i like it
,Not Recommended,325630,14978464,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Sondirrasta,"I saw all the positive reviews and thought I'd give it a go...Apperently people can find some enjoyment from Arms Dealer but I don't know what that could be?Please don't waste your money, it's completly not what I expected its dull, lifeless and boring...I=Save yourself ... They don't give refunds..."
76561198114976175,Recommended,325630,17072347,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,convey,Yes to everything.
76561198047195110,Not Recommended,325630,15108530,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Johnny,"Boring , lack of graphics and require too much analytic!"
76561198014322184,Recommended,325630,12507748,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Krooked,Great game to pass the time it can only get better over time
,Recommended,325630,12505663,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Jihad,","
,Not Recommended,325630,12559654,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Malcador,"What a surprise, they lied about everything they said and disappeared."
76561198237200192,Not Recommended,325630,33583964,Posted: 16 July,all,devin.schieven,"Paid good money, there are fatal flaws in some systems in the game (blockades, bribes, poor balance) that haven't even been addressed, let alone this remake that I waited far too long for that doesn't seem to be coming.""Drive-by Development"", I hope this developer is prevented from repeatedly creating new content and abandoning it."
,Not Recommended,325630,33974616,Posted: 2 August,all,(TTT)Shrek296,"The game makers put out this rubbish took the money and did not look back, this game is just bad really wanted to put more in this review but 1000 of other people have said it before me, so I grade this game 2 / 10."
76561197972947102,Not Recommended,325630,34877034,Posted: 10 September,all,Shawdawg,I personally prefer Gun Running War Dogs for the ease of use. Or the old game Guns Girls Lawyers Spies or Guns Girls Lawyers Dollars as a fun arms running game.
