user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,325610,15050071,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Roble,"I love total war. I have played since the pixellated Shogun first showed us what turnbased combined with real time strategy was all about. I have fought on medieval battlefields, napoleonic battlefields and many others.I dont think i have any more playtime on a single gaming series and now to the bad part.Ever since Napoleon the DLC trend has angered me, i appreciate other series do it aswell but bare with me. I got more content with Darth mod on napoleon then with the DLC packs/game itself. Why would i pay £30 for a brand new game and then two weeks later a DLC comes out? At least be more subtle CA, anyone with half a brain cell can see that the content was ready/very nearly ready when the whole game was released, so know I am expected to shell out another £6 for a few more (very similar) factions that the AI have already been playing as? Basically proving the content was in the game when it was released.So im prepared to pay a little bit more as i know CA are a small PC only company.............Oh wait they just made Alien Isolation which was also on consoles, got great reviews and most importantly sold really well. So i am now not prepared to pay any more money until CA start to treat us with respect. Furthermore i logon to steam today and low and behold £1.99 for the ""blood and burning"" pack. So now i am expected to shell out more of my very hard earned cash to have blood in the game and enhanced fire effects? Could they not be added in a free update like pretty much any other decent PC gaming series? I just recieved alot more content for Men Of War Assault Squad 2 which is made by a very small developer all for free, just to be loyal to the players that bought that game.Seriously CA I appreciate the cost of game making is astronomical these days and I genuinely am a lot more forgiving then most 15 year olds trolls on the forums/steam but c'mon now you are just taking us all for a ride.Knowone at CA will probably read this but if you do realise that im not a troll, im a very loyal Total war fan and all im doing is echoing the sentiments of the entire Total War community. As a game itself i reccomend Atilla but as someone possessing common sense i cannot."
76561198051668983,Not Recommended,325610,17302849,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Jellyfish McSaveloy,"Attila Total War; Is it good or is it not?To start off, Attila Total War is in no way a bad game, despite the things I'm about to say regarding the game. Take these points as a general critique of the series direction in general, while still being a review of the game.So, Attila Total War; the title says it all really. It's the year 395AD, and the Roman Empire, now divided between Eastern and Western rule, is on the very edge of collapsing after centuries of corruption and economic turmoil. As a result of this, many Germanic and Nomadic barbarian tribes have decided to take a stab at the world superpower, due to its apparent and alarming signs of weakning it's grip on the known world.You can either choose to try and save Rome from its fate by taking command of either the Eastern or Western Roman Empires, or become the arbiter of its downfall by taking control of the numerous Barbarian tribes and Eastern Kingdoms that wish to see Rome gone.But is it good?Well, Yes and No.Positives are that:-Despite the disastrous attempt in Rome 2, The politics game mechanic now has actual weight and impact upon your game. It's no longer simply making sure your party is on top, now you have to make sure that faction members remain loyal, Governors are assigned to provinces that need them, and that your general dominion over your faction is kept in a careful balance. Failure to complete these tasks can lead to civil unrest, disloyalty from generals and governors, and even a separatist movement erupting to cause a civil war.-The sanitation systems that have been updated from Rome 2 now make actual sense, and aren't nearly useless. Now there's a real need for proper sanitation within one's settlement; lack of such sanitation can cause local disease outbreaks, which can spread across your entire empire if you're not careful.-After their measly display in Rome 2, both cavalry units and ranged units in Attila have regained some of their former tactical worth. Cavalry are now faster and seem to have a greater impact when charging, and ranged units now do much more damage and have increased accuracy, so both of these unit types are now worth the investment again.But of course, to every ying, there is a yang. For the good points, there are also bad:-The sacking and razing options that can be chosen when a settlement is conquered are used way too much by the AI factions, even the civilised ones. I can understand nomadic factions burning a settlement to the ground, but it begins to become unreal when the Persians don't take territory from you; they simply burn your towns and cities. This means, that you will frequently find that you are the only faction in the game actually expanding your borders; everyone else is too busy burning things.-Although a new and interesting mechanic that has given some historical accuracy to the game, the city Razing mechanic (Destroying an entire city and it's buildings and leaving the region neutral) is a massive pain in the backside. Yes, it might be accurate when a Hunnic horde burns the city of Salona to the ground, but reclaiming that land takes a massive amount of money, population and time to rebuild, and it just becomes a massive waste of time.These next two are more of a gripe against Both Rome 2 and Attila, but bear with me here (They're essentially the same game anyway)-In Rome 2, the system of building armies changed quite drastically from previous games in the series. Now, Armies themselves now act as independent characters with traits to improve their effectiveness and morale in the field of battle, rather than simply being a collection of units. Trouble is, they always require a general to manage them; no general - no army. This means that the use of tactical raid parties made up of half an army stack and skirmish groups made of even less are a thing of the past, and you can't leave armies under the command of a captain any more. No longer can you whittle down large armies with the use of clever hit and run tactics. Gone are the days where you fought skirmish after skirmish to get to the larger armies and cities of your enemy. Now, every battle you fight is either a pivotal battle that you must fight or lose  because the auto resolve is about as thick as an asphalt milkshake, (I mean, Legionaries losing to levy spearmen, really?) Or it's a pushover city fight that isn't worth your time or skill.This means that wars against other factions become a huge chore, and all of the pacing is slowly squeezed out of the game. What does this mean? It means that the game becomes really, REALLY, boring after about half an hour. Unfortunately, Attila suffers this very same problem.-Also in Rome 2 and Attila, the factions have become more balanced and even, for reasons that are unknown to me; perhaps to facilitate more rounded and player-preference faction choice on the multiplayer section. Now there's two things wrong with this. Firstly, It isn't historically accurate, as with the previously mentioned Legionary-Levy debacle, and it means that even if you win a pitched battle against another enemy army, you'll end up taking so many casualties that the victory really isn't worth it in the long run. Not only does this mean that victory now depends more on numbers, as opposed to the actual skill you needed in previous games of the series, but wars become nothing more than large scale meat-grinders with the winner being whoever can field the largest army. This pile-drives the pace out of the game, as you're always having to wait for more men to back up your depleted units, even after small garrison battles.Once again, it makes the game slow and really boring.So, Attila Total War, is it good or is it not?In my eyes, this is what Rome 2 should have been on launch, not the disaster that it was.However, being someone who's played almost every Total War to date, this game, and Rome 2, are massive disappointments because they just aren't fun anymore. Wars and combat are now too balanced  to be fun, as with the afformentioned meat-grinders, and the game feels more like a chore now than an actual fun experience, which you know, is what a Video Game shouls be.I'm not sure why the Creative Assembly have made these changes, but they just don't fit the series and it's mentality. They remove the one thing that makes Total War so unique; the one thing that gave it it's legendary position as one of the most accurate strategy game francises out there; Realism. I know there's an allure to arcade-style combat, but that goes in shooter games and basic strategy games like Halo Wars and Half Life; not a game of this calibre and the reputation the series has.So, if you simply want an expansion of Rome 2, go right ahead, buy it, because that's all it really is.If not, I STRONGLY recommend holding back your wallet, and buying the Rome Total War 1 collection instead; it's more realistic and enjoyable as a result. To me, It's a much better investment. Attila, and by extension Rome 2, are good in their own right, but they just aren't good enough to be called Total Wars, if that name still means anything anymore."
,Recommended,325610,32235075,Posted: 7 June,all,Tilt1k,"Best Total war game since medieval. Love the dark atmosphere, blood and fire. Really catches the atmosphere from The great migration times. I recommend this game heavily :)"
76561198015281881,Recommended,325610,19658604,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Magic Jack,"Recommended, but only for veteran Total war players, or those considering buying Rome II.And, when on sale.The good:-actual defensive positions in town and minor settlements-higher ground in towns and settlements actually helps in defending a static line-Cavalry actually do shock damage-Archers actually have decent range-Morale/combat mechanics are better joined (sending in archers with knives after their arrows are gone can actually stabilize a defensive line for a spell)-Archers can finally fire up and over buildings onto units rather than needing a direct line of sight-Mercenaries seem cheaper than in Rome II (except for some higher end units, like Onagers)-When attacking towns, double right clicking on it will cause selected units to automatically find the fastest way around buildings (which the player is shown right away, which means you have the option of changing said orders if you don’t like the path they have been set on around corners, etc)-Enough gold (10-20000 pieces) can sway a faction to join a war with you, even if they don’t like you. This includes the Huns.-Players will be forced into diplomacy (i.e., joining in wars and making friends/allies that way), subjugation does not really work in the long run (except for the AI, of course)-Governors are quite useful, and gain levels and abilities as they go along (just like the generals)-Upgrades for armies and Governors are tree based now, so you can plan ahead finally (unlike Rome II’s system)-Playing as Rome is terrifying and exciting, and many players will pull all 10 armies back to Italy (and perhaps spain) in order to ride out the storm. All of Gaul, Britannia, and Africa go up in flames through rebellion, famine, settlement destruction, separatist movements, and separatist movements to the separatist movements. One may eventually see Romanesque factions eventually, that call themselves “Africa”, “Asia”, and even “Egypt” or “Illyria.”  Pulling through that storm (usually about 30-50 turns), takes a long time, but is immensely satisfying. One may even find himself making trade agreements and alliances with Roman factions that split from old areas you lost 100 turns before to rebellion.--The Huns burn everything to the ground. Again and again, and have some terrifying units to play with. Join in a few wars with them and you may win their favor…--Incredible graphics on high end machinesProblems; The old, the new, and the frustrating:[EDIT: some of these can be fixed with mods]-Military alliances are great for maintaining a good relationship with factions you are trading with, but worthless when someone actually declares war on YOU. If you call your allies in to join you in war, 90% will say “No. ♥♥♥♥ you”, and your alliances are all severed. This means you will have to either reload, or spend 10-20000 gold trying to reestablish military alliances you had previously had with them in order to keep them from breaking trade agreements, and eventually coming after you. This means that whenever someone declares war on you, you are alone, regardless.-Satrapy states are free to rebel against you the second someone else declares war on you. This means subjugating a faction (when taking their last settlement) is all but pointless if they can rebel the next turn when some♥♥♥♥♥♥ant faction comes after you.-Diplomacy only happens through grotesque amounts of gold and/or with the maxim “Let me join in this war alongside the faction I want to like me, and yes he likes me more eventually, then make a trade agreement, then make an alliance. ” While it can be fun, it gets old fast as it becomes clear that this is the only way to make allies.-Food surplus means nothing, other than that food is getting to your armies and minor “growth” modifiers around your empire.-Food is province based now, and by turn 100 all hell breaks loose with food shortage modifiers hardcoded to the game (apparently their take on history…). This means you really have to build a wheat farm and a cattle farm in all your minor settlements, and both Fish ports and food emporiums in your major cities to counteract the worldwide “shortage” of food. Even as Rome, soon you have a 2000 surplus of food even in winter, but sure as heck certain regions without such buildings are not getting any of it. This leaves very few spots for trade based/economy based buildings in all settlements, which is a shame because it leaves little room for open ended city building.-Sanitation is cool, but it can get out of hand:  destroying entire armies if stationed in the affected city. This means another spot of your city is used up with the aqueduct.-Another location in your major cities will be used up by building coliseums and theaters trying to keep the people from rebelling, when playing as Rome.-Immigration becomes a problem, and eventually goes to about a -9 modifier for all regions. Some have said upping the tax rate gets the immigrants to leave, but I haven’t seen that work.-When playing as Western Rome, all the hardcoded events/modifiers that decrease public order (at worst, -20 for food, -9 for immigrants, and so on) means that little can be done but build food based buildings and   hope your religion can pull you through. That wouldn’t be bad, if it were possible to convert to Paganism easily (and let your theaters and coliseums do the work). This means the game pushes you to try and be Christian.-War is sometimes declared in very odd ways. 3 factions in the British Isles and Ireland were my trade partners, as Rome, and I was on good terms with them. One minor settlement faction suddenly declared war on me while it was being sieged by the other two. Immediately after that, the siegers (two other factions I was trading with) themselves declared war on me as well. And yet they continued to siege the original minor faction to declare war on me, and destroyed it. All this despite the fact that I was trading with all three of them. Very, very odd.-Second tier units now take 2 turns to muster (which can be crippling, if an enemy is bearing down on you), and said units are barely better than the 1st tier and so on.-All units are outdone by the overwhelming power of artillery. The Artillery is now so accurate it can hit cavalry units at full gallop as they bear down on said artillery unit (to try and kill it off). Often they never make it!-A player may not want to bother researching any military improvements when considering how expensive the units are (and time needed to muster them), and so may only research economy techs to try and make some money. Early game economies are so fragile you are counting down to the last 10 gold pieces sometimes. A total war game perhaps should not be that unforgiving towards being warlike…..-Christian buildings are immensely expensive, so you won’t be able to afford them (and their public ordering abilities) for a long time, but Rome is Christian, and spreading your religion is paramount, but no, you can’t do it…-Faction politics, and gaining office for loyal subjects seems interesting at first but eventually becomes frustrating; every event usually means you either lose influence or control, and your power slowly ebbs away. Not that it matters that much…-Generals eventually rebel against you if they live long enough, and so upgrading them as they gain experience loses its charm since you are constantly thinking “When will I need to kill him?” Getting promotions for them does not seem to work either, in the long run. Creative assembly really needs to play some crusader kings, and learn how to balance their political in-game systems so that players have options, rather than feeling like they are simply a sad witness to history through a lackluster historical simulation of Roman politics (where the general always makes a move for power)."
,Not Recommended,325610,15401008,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,right proper lad,"------------------------------------------------------------Buy Total War: ATTILA - Viking Forefathers Culture Pack$7.99------------------------------------------------------------ca,------------------------------------------------------------Buy Total War: ATTILA - Longbeards Culture Pack$7.99------------------------------------------------------------Wat r u doin.------------------------------------------------------------Buy Total War: ATTILA - Celts Culture pack$7.99------------------------------------------------------------CA,------------------------------------------------------------Buy Total War: ATTILA - Blood & Burning$2.99------------------------------------------------------------STAHP.CA: BUT WAIT- IT COMES WITH VOMIT!What the ♥♥♥♥ happened to Total War?------------------------------------------------------------Edited June 28, 2015I guess I'll put an actual opinion of the game and if you should buy it or not, since I've been asked the question and have been yelled at for this not being a review (Which is completely right, but I've had my fun...).To answer the question ""Should I buy this or not?"", I'd have to actually give multiple answers depending on the situation. If you want detailed information about the actual game, you should probably go read other reviews because I will be very straight forward on this.""Should Attila be my first Total War game?""My simple and clear answer would be no. Attila is a playable (I have not had any crashes of any sort, so I will not go into the account of being unable to play determining if you should buy the game or not) game, but it would not be the best Total War title IN MY OPINION. My list would be tied in Medieval 2 and Shogun 2 being first, Rome 1 second, and Attila third.""I have the two Total war titles you have listed (Or all Total war titles exept Attila), and I want to play another""The answer depends on how much you want the experience and how much you like money. I would give Attilas price at around 30 dollars, but the game is still able to enjoy. So I would actually lean towards yes.""I love the Roman era, should I buy it?""In my opinion, I felt that Rome had different stages of its lifetime (Not including Byzantine). If you want a game in the fall of Rome's empire/ a ""challenge"" in playing Rome, than go ahead. If you want the stage of Rome's actual glory, go to Rome 1 or 2.""I love the Byzantine era, should I buy it?""Though not exactly the Byzantine era, this is the closest you are currently going to get. But I'd still say no because CA has a full chance of making a Total War title on the subject""I love the an era about Attila or Ghengis Khan""Now I'm not saying that this game is about Ghengis Khan, because it's not at all, but the units for the Huns is the closest you are going to get to Mongols currently. So the answer would be yes.""I don't want a buggy game. I want a fun, solid, stable, and NEW stategy game.""Answer would be to buy Shogun 2 (Graphics are basically the same unless you are picky) because it is the best Total war game of those standards. Now to just go into the catagory of strategy games, I'd lean away from total war titles, and that's up to you to decide after that.""I want Attila but I am also excited for Total War: Warhammer.""The answer would be to wait and see reviews for Warhammer. Compare them and than it's up to the other answers. I for one am excited for Warhammer (Which I can't say I'm proud of).""Graphics are my priority and I have all past Total War titles.""Go ahead but if I were you, I'd save the money. The graphics are barely different from the past two Total War titles itself.""I want to play with the new units and against variety of different units, should I buy it?""The unit rosters for everysingle barbarian/north of Rome are SO♥♥♥♥INGSIMULAR. You will be playing against countless of the same unit, because the AI is loyal to it's rank-one levy and has no thought of disbanding them for better, keep-you-the-♥♥♥♥-alive units. It won't be untill you play as a whole different civilization to fight a different unit.""I am interested in the game overall, but I have heard about strict bugs, should I buy it?""MOST of the bugs about the game have been true. But you yourself must answer if those individual bugs are something you can live with or not.""I want a challenge in the AI, would this be the Total War game for that?""Uhm, no. Stay away from this game. AI is not a challenge at all, in my opinion.""The DLC's have a faction I want to play as, is Attila worth buying just for the DLC?""Well, if you want to play as the Viking or Longbeards factions, I'd say buy the game, BUT don't buy either of those two DLCs. The three Viking rosters are basically the same for the Saxon/s/Frank's rosters. The Longbeard's rosters are the same of the migrators, the only difference being that they're not migrators. Celts are a different situation. They are a decent DLC, so buy the game and Celt DLC if that's the situation.""I'm a old/huge fan of Total War, but after Rome 2, I don't know if I can support CA anymore. Does this game live to potential of being a Total War game?""This is a question that I should have asked myself. At first, I enjoyed Attila. It was fun at the time but after CA's following decision (Day 1 DLC, More DLC, DLC for blood, DLC for vomit, DLC for being able to DLC, DLC THE FUC-), I was done with CA, for now. No, do not buy the game, for CA has another title coming and will soon, if not already, ditch the development of the game. This game does not have a promising future.""What is your full out, actual grand answer of 'should buy this game or not?' ?""If I could take back my purchase of this game, I would. That's not an easy and clear answer but there are two reasons for that answer; the fact that TW: Warhammer is coming and that the game is not impressive at all. I'll say it, I'm looking forward to Warhammer after Rome 2 and Attila, but I've looked at interviews and photos, and it looks promising. The main interview that made me excited for it was AngryJoe's review with one of the developers. The video shows how much the developer is excited for the making of the game. That's something the past Total Wargames did not have: A devoted crew of the making of the game.I really hope this helps you, and if you have anymore questions of the game or you think there should be more question catagories on here, please tell me.If anyone disagrees with this review, also please tell me, for it can help others on the decision of buying the game or not."
,Recommended,325610,32399038,Posted: 13 June,all,RelaxedGamer,"Remember making insane amounts of money in Rome II?  Remember killing anything in your path, even as barbarians?  Thought it was boring as hell and wanted to claw your eyes at the end of it?  Well fear no more!  Atilla: Total War is a great improvement on Rome II, making the game more balenced and WAY more difficult, even on easy (unless you play as the Huns, that is).  This game likes to kick you in the balls harder and harder as time goes on and keeps you on your feet and makes you make hard choices.  Also the AI and bugs were fixed, yay!DLC is a waste of money!  However unlike Rome II it isn't really a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥product and still playable without the DLC, also CA give me free gore you greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!9/10 for vanilla0/10 for DLC"
76561198044304829,Not Recommended,325610,15480863,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Shooter,"Next time you should just go one step ahead and release the game with a grasshopper background sound effect and an hour later propose sound DLC.  I guarantee you best dlc sales ever! What about 1024x768 standard graphic setting with release? And an hour later ""enhanced graphic dlc""? Thats right! Milk that cow!By the way, great job with ""Culture Pack DLCs""! For only 7,49 Euros I can play the same guys that are already in the game just with different colour! What a treat! Oh boy I tell you, what a treat!If any of you here on steam want to spend some money, just buy the game and don't forget to bend over!"
76561198016102583,Not Recommended,325610,15104501,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,CHRISTALIN,"This game had to much potential, it brought up good concepts but what a horrid execution, what a desperate plain cash grabbing....1) Game is not being supported almost at all, one patch to THREE dlc (cut content ones) ? What do i add to this? Radious mod adds over 100 new units which is three times  more than all dlc's combined!2)Devs decided that the only way their product would look ok is to restric modders /facepalm. Modders are not allowed to mod map, or to change settlement location, etc. Really? So lets cut our hands because we dont like clipping nails or washing hands!3)Fire the guy who is in charge of AI and difficulty programming. AI is horrid and difficulty is not a difficulty but play-centric irritation. When all factions hate player and when enemy trooms get +N stats its not difficulty, it's bad design.4) MAGIC BOATS5)etc6)French friesStay away guys, CA's decided to milk franchise before moving to warhammer"
76561198006598803,Not Recommended,325610,18066305,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Gooseman,"It seems strange to give a game I spent 200 hours playing a bad review. However, that's exactly what I'm going to do.You see, TW gamers really want these games to be good. They NEED them to be good and for a while will suspend disbelief to believe they are good.But is TW Attila actually a good game?  Well, it's better than Rome 2 and has the features that should have been included in that release like family trees, progression for your general and a political system. The atrocious UI has also been replaced with more realistic models and the overall atmosphere is much better than the overly colorful Rome 2.So what's wrong with it?Well first of all the game just isn't very well balanced and players will typically experience campaigns that are either mind numbingly easy or unfairly difficult. The AI will spawn endless stacks even when losing territory while the player is saddled with an untenable corruption mechanic. In Shogun 2 the AI cheating was annoying but tolerable as there were lots of bottlenecks on the map to strategically place your armies and the overall economy felt fair. In this game you can look forward to playing whack a mole while struggling to maintain your own armies. Now some may disagree and say this is appropriate to the period but the bottom line is it becomes a chore.Another constant irritant is the neverending rebellions because of high corruption and unhappiness. While rebellions were very common in this period they occur so often as to be a hinderance to decent gameplay. When playing as the ERE a HUGE amount of your time will be spent fighting identical city battles due to this mechanic. The buildings don't seem to do a good job mitigating this and the agents are expensive and in short supply.Again, Shogun 2 handled this better by having rebellions be conducted primarily by renegade generals rather than regions. Provinces would only revolt if the castle was destroyed or there wasn't a sufficient garrison. You could always suppress dissent through agents and armies but in Attila it seems like the rebellions occur almost randomly. I want to fight the enemies of ROME not an endless parade of my own generals in very similar settings.The sieges and AI are much improved from Rome 2 but most of your encounters will be on smaller city maps. Essentially every battle you fight will be in a small city and they all more or less look the same. There is a fort in the middle that doesn't have a gate and pathways to it from the city streets that you can sometimes barricade. Eventually there will be a scrum at the entrances or fort and now we rinse and repeat.CA could have made these battles more interesting by featuring upgradable city walls and fortifications which of course would have been characteristic and appropriate to the period. Instead we have repetitive, arcade style maps that are clearly designed to compensate for the lack of a dynamic siege AI. The battles are too quick overall and the goofy unit icons are not a welcome addition IMO either.Magic fleets were a disaster in Rome 2 and they still are here. You can count on seeing AI stacks stuck in the middle of Mare Nostrum that will defeat your regular navies but oftentime sit and do nothing.  Since armies can embark and attack in one turn you will also pull your hair out when settlements are sacked in massive amphibious assaults that can't be defended or reasonably predicted.This game also has bugs and seems to be poorly optimized for modding which is a big issue for a title with so many balancing issues. In my last game I was being forced to sack a city for the second time because I couldn't move an army the following turn out of the city radius without doing so. Apparently this was an issue that was fixed but not if you are using certain mods so I guess vanilla is the only option for a bug free experience. Certainly not ideal if you're playing TW game.Anyway, save your money and buy Shogun 2 or get this game when it's $15. The new features in this game should have just been patched to Rome 2.It's a very similar type of release to NTW which CA put out to redeem itself after Empire TW's disastrous launch.Oh and one more thing, you still can't build roads. Since the Rome 2 debacle started I've found that very amusing since it was one of things Rome was most famous for."
76561198004847479,Not Recommended,325610,14640170,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Fenrir,"More of the same.I wanted to love this game. The Creative Assembly added just enough to make me want it, just enough to make me forget it's numerous limitations.Little things drive me nuts in this game. The artificial space limitations. I can't build a smithy because I need that spot for a well. A well I could just dig next to my new smithy. A pity.I can only field two armies. Four. Or six. Whatever. I can't arbitrarily promote a man, have half the army stand ten feet away and call it two armies. Apparently Generals are an endangered species. This isn't a problem early on, but eventually you find yourself with thousands of people in dozens of provinces completely unprotected because some invisible metric said you can't promote another general, and soldiers can't march around without one. Yes, I understand there are garrisons, but lets be honest how often have you lost an invasion to a garrison if you planned at all beforehand?I also became a great power and people hated me. Hated. Even allies of decades. Alliances, marriages, unbroken treaties, trade agreements and friendly borders ruined by arbitrairily becoming a great power. With one province. Yep, Those dastardly Danes and their little island. An ever-increasing diplomatic penalty means you eventually have to fight everyone. Always.Oh, and never let a general become disloyal and rebel. It starts a cascade of rebellions and civil war that can rip your empire in half. Even from as early as a few turns into the game. You have to use influence to give someone a gift. Or tell them, ""hey, man, nice job being a general, I value your service."" Nope, instant murder-time. ""Et tu, Brute?""Having such limited technology, so few units and very little difference between them, the endless stream of tribes flowing randomly around the map, burning provinces to the point that half of Europe is empty, and more than a few crash-to-desktop bugs have crushed my enjoyment of this franchise.I miss being able to build walls around a settlement. To build a larger number of buildings allowing better variety of troops, and specilization. I'd love some streamlining of family dynamics (unweildy family tree and finding characters), and clearer understanding of who's a subordinate of whom before giving promotions that crush people's morale.I still wish for any sort of depth to diplomacy.The strategic map, my favorite area (while a huge number of people live for tactic battles, and who can blame them it's the strong-point of the game) is an unmitigated bore. Watch armies wander randomly back and forth for decades, marching ceaselessly to and fro along the same road until their capital is destroyed and they vanish. See hugely developed nations randomly uproot, burn down their homeland and wander until they are destroyed leaving huge swaths of uncontested territory. Often you'll find massive fertile but empty lands. One example being all of what would one day be France and Germany sitting completely desolate in a particular campaign.Even with no pressure from marauders or lack of resources, these states just up and move, leaving their ancestral dead in the ground, their homes and farms behind and walk around until extinction.I do, however, love the polish in some areas. I can even see what a lot of the goals for the game were, but everything feels done half way (excepting tactical battles, which were exceptionally done.)I don't want to dump on the game. I paid money for it because I loved its predecessors, and I enjoyed this game, but it feels hollow. It distinctly feels like my last one. Not for glaring reasons, but because it's become a stale cracker, left sitting overnight, that used to be salty and crisp, and has only a damp, limp bland texture left after it's time has passed.I loved Total War. I did. I'll think of it fondly and tell my friends about Shogun and Medieval and the weeks I poured into them. I will not, however, have grand tales from this franchise in the future.I await it's successor, something upstart and brave to come along and renew the Grand Strategy genre.Good Bye, Total War."
76561198134210899,Not Recommended,325610,14818131,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,promethanus,"The Good, The Bad, and the Hungly.My review will focus on the substance of this game. I notice a good portion of the bad reviews are focusing on marketing schemes and first-month DLC shenanigans, so I'll stay clear of that.The Good:CA listened to the community. It's the little things that add to the improvement from Rome II: you can ""draw"" lines to path the units; the unit cards make battles easier to command; and the Family Tree adds a political aspect (though linear) that wasn't seen in Rome II. It's not simply a game of ""who do I conquer next?"" No longer are you the lawnmower of Europe.To illustrate, in my game as the Franks, I found myself strategically forging alliances and razing settlements along my borders of little interest. I sacked for needed cash and to impede the enemy. That said, I also don't think this is a ""strategic survival game,"" as it's currently being marketed.  Once you reach mid-game and you have a decent sized empire, survival is no longer on the table. The game tends to revert back to firing up the lawnmower as you push East, West, or South. North if you're really crazy.All in all, gameplay mechanics are a step forward.The Bad:In one word: performance. While it's the small things that make the game good, it's the big things that hold the game back. Attilla is poorly optimized.  My rig is well above the recommended specs. Yes, I've read the articles indicating that the game is ""designed for the next series of GPUs."" I personally believe this is a cop out. A game like this should be designed for current high-end systems on the highest settings. If you're designing a game for systems that people won't have until two, three or five years down the road, you need to understand that that few will likely have interest in this title two, three of five years down the road. We'll probably have two more Total War titles by then. Will these also be designed for the next generation of GPUs? Make today's games for today's systems, tiered to appropriate levels of specs.I may be the lone wolf believer on this, but I honestly think Rome II *looks* better than this game. The fact that the former runs better than the latter on my rig is disconcerting.  While we've taken a step forward in gameplay mechanics, we've taken two leaps backward in performance and graphics. The ""playability"" of the game is utterly diminished by the lack of smoothness in the battles and campaign map.In another word: Rhogun. Imagine a world where Rome II's battle mechanics did the no-pants-dance with Shogun 2's campaign interface. That lovechild would be Attila. It's almost as if CA wrote on the whiteboard everything that was praised in Shogun 2 and lamented in Rome II. Net the positives and the negatives, this gives you Attila. So why is this a ""bad"" thing, you ask? Because there's very little new stuff here. Factor in Barbarian Invasion, there is essentially no new stuff here. Not that you're expecting a Total War game to redfine a genre - it does what it's supposed to do - but for a desinger that has the name ""Creative"" in its title, there is an utter dearth of that present in this product. Shogun II was able to expand on the fundamentals of the Total War franchise. We should keep the ball moving, not just dribbling between our legs.The Hungly:Attila is a step forward in gameplay mechanics, a slide to the right in creativity, and a leap backward in performance. I'd define this as a thinking man's Rome II. I don't love it, but I can't hate it. I wish there was a button between ""Yes"" and ""No"" on the ""Do you recommend this game"" option. Maybe a picture of a hand just doing the so-so wave."
76561198061637975,Not Recommended,325610,19084641,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Plaguelord Skrolk,"Lets lock 12 factions behind a pay wall, but as long as we release one ""free-lc"" that's means we did no wrong, come on ca. If you release a good game it will make you money, especially a total war game. No need for these half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game releases, or moneygrubbing dlc. There's already more factions out in dlc than factions out in the base game which has been out less than a year.To be fair Attila is a good game, not amazing, however this downward spiral of dlc models, and cutting stuff out of a game release just to sell at a later date, is not cool.Don't kill the total war franchise because people are mad at your business model, actually make a worthwhile total war game, Total war: Warhammer already gives me chills, locking up one of the most important faction of the freakin warhammer game you are making, behind a preorder. The only logical reason i can think to even do that is to force people to buy the game before they find out how horrendous it is you gut it with dlc. Forget day one dlc they are annoucing dlc faction 5-6 months before release of the actual ♥♥♥♥ing game.Screw you guys, CA0/10Lol guys Tyrants and Kings Edition, really?"
76561198030862649,Not Recommended,325610,18284322,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,ChuckAgainstAll,- Devs release yet another DLC with a patch that makes the singleplayer unplayable (crashes every end of turn)- No communication from the devs about the issue despite many posts on their forum about it- 3 weeks later we get a patch- it doesn't fix the issue at all... it preinstalls content for the next DLC!- GG Creative Assembly... No re for meUpdate (11/06/15) : A month later and still no word from the devs on the issue and no patch to fix it on the horizon...
76561198021346776,Not Recommended,325610,15388332,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,plachno85,"Better than Rome 2, but still lacking the intricacies, depth, and gameplay of previous titles. DLC is overpriced and honestly not worth buying unless in a HUGE discounted sale (considering it shoulda been included on launch or as a free update...).Great job with dynamic fires and enemy AI, but honestly, I just reboot Shogun 2 FotS or Medieval 2 if I want a good Total War game experience... sad, but true considering how different the gameplay is compared to previous titles.CA, please stop trying to make the game with the best graphics and make us a really fun game to play that's complete and intricate. Honestly, you'll make more money and less enemies that way... jussayin.I played the game for a while (of course as the Danes, go Vikings!!), but honestly if I want a medieval game that is polished, has huge level of replayability, and has insane amounts of depth... Medieval 2 and Shogun 2 take the prize. Love Total War to death and will continue buying the games, but if it keeps being rehashes with nothing substantially different or interesting, my support is gonna leave, which makes me sad considering I have spent literal months in game time playing these games.To finish, Attila is worth buying, but at an insane discount. I feel guilty that I bought it at %50 off; shoulda waited till %75 to be entirely honest. Fun game with lots of good features and a lot of things done right, but when the pros and cons of this game equal out swaying negatively... It makes it incredibly difficult to defend. Again, there are a lot of cool things about the game, and I had fun playing it, but I just ended up playing the older titles more, which makes me wonder why I even bought it besides being peer pressured by the league of generals inside my mind that thirst for MOAR TOHTAL WAHRRRR. When I got Shogun 2, I played it just as much as I played the old titles and had a lot of fun and had to relearn how to fight as a daiymo as compared to a medieval king, so it was immensely fun playing a totally different game, but with Attila, it's a reskinned Rome, albeit a more fun and exciting Rome. Attila feels more like an expansion of Rome 2 rather than a standalone entity. Compare it with Fall of the Samurai, and honestly, it doesn't quite meet the level of expectations with the new level of gameplay presented by an expansion that COULD be a standalone game...Soooo this gets a thumbs down. Sorry, CA. I never thought I would give a thumbs down for a Total War game, but... guess there is a first time for everything :'("
,Not Recommended,325610,14660164,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,nPeT_HanPoJIoM,"Would've been a great game if not for the two things:1. All this should've been in Rome 22. CA trying to squeese every little penny outta the players by cutting the content from the game (aka Forefathers and Longbeard DLC) and *providing* it for extra money. Really, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, is 1k rubles not enought for you so u charge another 40% (0.4k total) for 6 factions on the RELEASE DAY? WTF?PSAfter playing this game for a while i found that the AI is really foolish and to compensate that, it cheats. First off, some factions (Eatern Roman Separatist in one of my campaings) has too many armies with hight quality units (Separatist got 3 full stacks while having only TWO cities, i got the same amount of troops, 0 income and  3 full regions of 3k+ income, and 2 cities in different regions), and if AI loose em, he replenish em super fast in 2-3 turns (had to demolish 3 waves of ♥♥♥♥ers to get to em from my borders to their cities).The declaracion of war by AI is pretty ridiculous too, in multiplayer i played as visigoth and my parter as alans. I settle in Greece, my associate lost one of his two armies by some remote AI. Partner rushes to my lands for defence, and the AI stood on my borders for a while. Moreover, one of his enemies from the start, located in the far right of the map goes across HALF OF THE MAP with one army for my friend, and i kill im for crossing my borders. Now for the juicy part: while all of this happened, one of my armies was sacking roman cities in th asia region, freeing Asia and Pontus. And after i defeated strangles on my lands, Asia, my military ally, DECLARES WAR ON MY PARTER, ALSO MY MILITARY ALLY!. Naturally, i kill him, but he manages to kill my friend's main army and left him with newly recruted one with a couple of units. But there's more! When my friend settles near me, my SECOND military ally, Pontus, also declares war on my partner and kills him in 2 turn.On the good side, the land battles became more fun, in Rome 2 u just spawned 4-6 units of artillery and a strong melee units to defend em, shooters sucked as hell, as well as any horsemen beside heavy ones. Now, the arty is significantly weaker, but the shooters and horsemen became more powerfull, wich allows for more tactical choices. I like how u can troll oponnent with hunn horse archers, or how u can shoot an entire squad of shieldmen with 2-3 volleys by positioning shooters behind enemy lines. AI still suck balls thought.Oh, and dont forget about perfomance. It horrible. My hight-end pc is choking trying to calculate AI turns, framerate drops for about 5 for the duration of the AI turn, wich takes about of 2 minutes. Apparently, 6 cores with 3.7 GHz is not enought for such a sophisticated game. Not to mention a crash every once in a while."
76561198030797056,Not Recommended,325610,17684577,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Bob,"I've played 728 hours of Attila and also put too many hours into Rome 2 and Shogun.I want to like these games; I really do.The combat mechanics are broken, and they've always been broken. I've tried mods: DeI and Radious, but nothing can fix this mess. I can handle my own mistakes in strategy and tactics, but when I lose battles or important units because of flaws in the game, it stops being fun. If I order my cavalry to retreat, they shouldn't get halfway out and then turn around on their own accord to re-engage their hard-counter. Battles can be fun when you're maneuvering with 5-10 units, but anything involving a full army or more will bring the flaws front and center. I want to simulate powerful armies of grand empires, but in every campaign where I've gotten to that point I get bogged down and frustrated by mechanics. I haven't finished a campaign in Rome 2 or Attila, which is fine - that's how I play lots of games, but I no longer have the desire to start any new games because I know what waits.The city building is alright and improved in Attila, but there are better games out there where that's the focus.If any of the developers or publishers read this, here's my advice: slow down, get the mechanics right, and release a polished game. Warhammer looks cool, but I'm not interested if it's beset by these same problems. The best thing you can do for this franchise long-term is to get the engine right. You haven't done that yet.Edit: update: from me OP:I don't know what it means that I have 1000+ hours logged. I'm guilty of leaving games open for idle hours; I have a computer that handles games minimized and I don't reboot often. I've played a handful of campaigns and one real long one that I've continued to play every once in a while since writing this review. (I'm dominating as WRome by the by, but only in 412 AD). I admit that I probably overstated my playtime's importance by leading with it, but you read the review didn't you?I stand by that review. I want to like these games; I really do.I've played a lot of Total War, including technically 881 hours in Rome 2. Same caveat applies, of course. But once Attila came out, why play Rome 2? It was released in 2013; Attila was two and a half years later in 2015. The Rome 2 campaign starts in 272 BC; the Attila campaign starts in 395 AD. It's the same region of the world and basically the same map with a different historical context but mostly the same gameplay. Attila has some mechanical improvements because of technology's march, but nothing revolutionary or worth writing about.Certainly there are things this game does well. Other people have written about them. But the unique premise of Attila is based on cavalry. Regardless of whether you're playing them or fighting against them, the tactical cavalry gameplay experience is awful. It's frequently frustrating and those moments weigh heavy.Can you imagine the game we'd have if they spent time on making one great thing instead of two mediocre things? Everyone can read about the issues Rome 2 had at launch. They fixed some of them with patches, sure -- but that's time taken away from developing Attila and it showed. What if they'd just extended the Rome 2 timeline to include Attila improvements? Wouldn't that be a better, more exciting game than either of the two that we have?When you release two games intead of one you fracture the modding community, which has to adapt the same ideas to different code bases. The Divide et Impera, Radious and Darthmod communities are unbelievable resources for Total War games but volunteers can't keep up with the demands of so many games so fast. It fractures the users and developers. I would again invite you to a fantasy in which the modding community developed around a game that accomplished Rome 2 and Attila at the same time.These are some of the reasons why I still can't recommend Attila to anyone. I'll still play this ongoing campaign every once in a while because I don't play many games these days and fall sucker to sunk costs, but if someone stole it from me I wouldn't buy it again. I won't start another campaign and I'm 100% done with Rome 2.I still want to look forward to stuff like TW:Warhammer, but I'm going to wait a while and see. No pre-orders from me. But if CA gets enough time to figure out the tactical combat sim aspect of all this, these games will go on to greatness."
76561198007245699,Not Recommended,325610,14714959,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Burtonias,"*updated 08/09/2015 at the bottom* This could and should have been great... Where is the MEAT??I wanted to love it....I wanted to give this a big thumbs up....There are two main problems why I can't despite all the improvements such as the family tree:1. Sega and CA clearly intend to bleed me dry of my funds over a sustained period by drip feeding me, what appears to be basic content which should be in vanilla, and unfortunatly they are starting to take the♥♥♥♥♥♥with the prices. Remember Vanilla is a flavour Sega it doesnt have to be tasteless... I want delicious madagascan vanilla flakes in my total war!!Which leads me on to my next point; Just like my taste in women this game is like a supermodel who has got an eating dissorder. She is hot and im totally in to her BUT I need to wait until she starts eating again and gets her self esteem back before I can get ""excited"".2. Limited number of units / construction options (no AOR), where if you upgrade your military you are forced to have only elite units and can no longer recruit the basic version, leaving you spending a fortune on a small army. There seem to be only a few map models for towns in the north (where I am playing) so every village seems to be a replica of the last one. I am sure the models vary as you move between cultures but it seems a bit bland. The overall feel and graphics of the game are however more polished.However, the skeleton for something amazing has been provided and I am thankful for that. If I knew I would not have to give them further money to unlock factions I should be a really happy chap. I will now go back to playing the DEL mod of Rome 2 which is currently a hugely superior game than Attilla (Vanilla) and wait for the modders to be allowed to ""put the meat on the bones"" so to speak.I have no doubt that given 6 months of development the likes of Radious and Del will actually turn this into something superb. But I feel like I want to give the community the credit rather than sega. because their marketing strategy is leaving a very bitter taste in my mouth!My Advice - wait for the workshop to be opened and or a deal on the game. You will enjoy the game more then. So I am not recomendin the game at this precise moment until the player content makes it worthwhile... Then I will swap to a thumbs up but I will be picking and choosing my DLC's (if i buy any) very carefully later on......Update! - Well Attila i am afraid has still not won me over and kicked my♥♥♥♥♥into giving him a thumbs up. I am fairly sure all CA's time is now going into warhammer and possibly rightly so.I have pondered and pondered as to what this game lost from Rome 2 (yes i still think its better sorry). In reality as before I am really comparing modded Attila to modded Rome 2.its hard to put your finger on exactly what the problem is and despite the new family tree the game actually feels less RPG and more Arcade and I just cant get into it.. simply put i find it a bit boring. I think this is mainly down to the only decent game changing mod being radious which is pretty much what he goes for, thats being more arcade style with loads of unit stacks. I am not saying Radious is boring because its not, that man puts in serious effort in his mods and should be saluted but its just not for me. So if you always loved Radious you will probably love Attila - RadiousI think its the old school players who cant settle here  as there is no: Rome total realism, Stainless Steel or Divide et Impera style mod (yet). There is one on the horizon though called ageless empires which I have high hopes for. So for the moment I will stick to Rome 2 and it seems I am not alone.Going back to my original analogy of Attila needing some Meat, Radious has done this and my Attila sexy supermodel seems to have eaten too many pies now. certainly fleshed out but Im looking for something a bit more toned and athletic... yes i know im picky... but I want Attila Del style damnit... :D"
76561198010382687,Not Recommended,325610,15062618,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Karstaag,DO NOT BUY!Heres why:1. CA released the game with cut-out content so they could sell it as DLC.2. The revisionist history of including women in units.3. The non-existent Campaign AI.4. No unit collision.5. The ridiculously fast pace of battles compared to Rome 2 (can be modded out but still...)6. Lack of mod support.7. CA's lack of care for their customers.
76561197964832112,Not Recommended,325610,15059088,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,ZerberuS,"Better than Rom II, but it does not feel like a new game. In my eyes, they reskinned everything, but a very little effort in new content and released it at full price. Not even 2 Month after release, these greedy people released 4 DLC already, despite Attila = DLC for itself... buy only if you are a big fanboy. Otherwise... don't!"
76561198020607964,Not Recommended,325610,15081244,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Koko Hekmatyar,"This game doesn't do enough to differentiate itself from Rome II, which as it currently stands has far more vanilla content than Attila. I feel like the biggest positive trait of Attila would be the family tree system, only because it was strangly missing from it's predecessor.-The unit rosters are abysmal, which I feel is my biggest problem with the game.-Even if ALL the DLC were included as part of Vanilla the game would still lack variety.-The AI turns the map into a barren wasteland with no option to turn off city razing.-Melee Calvalry are broken.-Researching military tech as a small faction will destroy your economy due to having the option to recruit the cheaper unit removed as you progress in tech.-The public order penalty for abandoning a region is arbitrary and pointless, given that the AI will destroy the map anyways.Mostly when I'm playing Attila I find myself wondering why I'm not just playing Rome II."
,Not Recommended,325610,15313278,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,pleX,"*This review is a statement against recent Total War titles marketing scheme*This recommendation will stay negative unless Creative Assembly and Sega demonstrate to Total war fans that this game will not be plagued by abusive and overpriced downloadable content (as is The Viking Forefathers ''Culture pack'', and the Longbeards ''Culture Pack'').Sega and Creative Assembly, show some respect to Total War fans.We have paid for a complete game. Could you do us the honor of delivering one ?"
,Not Recommended,325610,15040386,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,crusader CSGOSpeed.com,WHY SO MUCH DLC!? WTF!?
76561198028374138,Not Recommended,325610,15414703,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,I am SORRY +6,"I really want to like this game, i have played total war games since i was a child and bought every game from total war from them and i enjoyed every minute of them. But with Rome Total War 2 which was 1 whole year almost unplayable due to bugs and poor AI i think i am ending with this overpriced game. And now this, Attila could be a perfect total war game and fix for their angry fans, but instead they release game with only a few playable factions that feel almost the same and the rest is overpriced dlc :( Thumbs down propably my last Total war game."
76561198000438087,Not Recommended,325610,14684016,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,John Jambo,"Don't buy!  Don't support the rubbish that this game thinks it can get away with.Content wise, its clear from the start that its been released with hugely reserved content.  The fact they've released two DLCs in under two weeks of launch date says everything you need to know. If you're a fan of the series either wait a few months until a big sale or don't buy it (unless you like seeing your favourite games sh*t on).Having owned every TW game from the start, this game feels like a massive middle finger to all of their fans who bought it at full price.  I won't be buying another TW game because it seems to have been reduced to a mobile phone structure pay to play kind of system.The game itself is ok.  Most of it is exactly the same as total rome 2 except they've brought back control of your family and also unit upgrades.... Which IMO were one of the best features of the early series and they were stupid to ever remove.  Most of the factions are really boring to play and give you barely any battles to fight.  Apart from the odd couple included the only factions that look like fun are, surprise surprise, included in DLC.Overall: 6/10.  Lots of good features in this game have been brought back but unless you're willing to buy the countless DLCs that will come out I wouldn't waste your money."
,Recommended,325610,14511449,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Astraeos,"From the very beginning you can see that they have made changes to make the campaign more interesting. The horde mechanic seems fascinating, and I'm excited to see how it plays out. The addition of assignable Offices and ""Region Governerors"" is also awesome, if not just for a little immersion. The new campaign map looks great, especially the region panels. Love the new building selections graphics.The new family tree is a welcome harken back, and the more in depth individual character management screen literally has me drooling.I'll update this later, but my first impressions as playing as the ERE have been simply awesome. Also, Embezllement Thank you CA. Also, Hadrians Wall on the campaign map. Yusccchhhhh"
,Not Recommended,325610,17726843,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Skjold,SEGA heard you liked culture packs so they put some culture packs onto your culture packs with reskinned already existing units for 15 euro a piece. Did i mention culture packs?
,Not Recommended,325610,15393584,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Teddy Bear,"While it is a decent game, and the combat is actually fun again, it has some issues. The battles are not as blobby as Rome 2, but still are less enjoyable to watch than Medieval 2's tense battles. They kept some fundamental Rome 2 changes that are really bad. I will tell you them.The system of Shogun 2 towns was perfect. There were physical representations of your farms on the map that your foes could raid. In Rome/Attila there are only settlements. So you must needs put your army in ""raid stance"", which aside from being ♥♥♥♥ing lame, is almost completely useless.  I want my vikings to raid the enemies resources not just set them in a stance. They decided to make overall food numbers higher which IMO was a mistake. The building system has way too many hidden menus. The raze mechanic really isnt that cool. Ive never even seen an AI faction restore a town. The ""Zeal, Cunning, and Authority"" skills for characters are so lame. In Shogun I loved leveling up my generals because of the awesome skill tree and retainer system. And generals actually had stars in different areas like ""infantry/cav command"", ""besieger/defender"" etc marking what they were good at. Thats all gone. Lastly, the politics minigame is dreadful and really needs to be rethought completely."
,Not Recommended,325610,15482554,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Dadead#Bidas,DLC = IndispensableGame cost 40 all dlc gonna cost 80plz Creative Assembly huh ? Creative way to loose money
76561197971857790,Recommended,325610,14511698,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Valegorn,"****UPDATE**** (new review)Ok, I've gotten a chance to sink my teeth into the campaign. Let me say, WOW. I can't tell you how many times I said to myself, ""why couldn't ROME 2 be like this""PROS--------------------------------- Character management-- It reminds me of how the older Total War games did characters but couldn't quite make it work. Now it feels right and works better. Now you can equip your generals with specific items, even attach other characters to more notable ones adding more depth to ""building"" your characters.-- City Governors --  I can't tell you how annoyed I was that if I wanted to have a character manage a city, I had to waste one of my valuable army slots for it. Now you can just assign a character as a governor and they'll manage it, earn XP, all the goodies, all without having to use up an army slot.-- Beach Assault --  A great idea in Rome 2, a perfected dream in Attila. I was playing one of the Norse factions and was like, ""I don't care if beach assaults suck, I'm a freaking Viking, I'm attacking from the sea"". When I got to the map I was amazed at how much beach I had to land on. No longer was I hard up for good landing zones. Also the beaches look amazing, very realistic.-- RTS Gameplay -- I can't quite put my finger on it, it just feels better, in almost every way. It’s almost like I traded in my terrycloth bathrobe for a velvet one. They both worked, it’s just the velvet one feels nicer.-- Settlement battles --  The buildings look SO MUCH better, the settlements look like what you'd expect from people who have been living there improving on them for years. On top of that, they're more intuitive to defend, and there is more of a variety. So when you take the variety, the look, and how more realistic they feel, I actually enjoy sacking/defending settlements.-- Occupying Settlements-- When I took my first town the game presented me with a nice list of options. No longer am I stuck with just ""occupy/raze/the other one"" There was like 6 options I could choose from, each had its own distinct advantages and disadvantages.-- Family/Political Management --  Where to begin, I find myself spending more time managing my family than ever before. I actually feel like I'm ""grooming"" certain characters now. As they gain ranks they can be given positions in the government/tribe/gang. Each position brings its own bonuses to the character. Marriage is now more interesting, I suddenly now understand why all those high society folks in Jane Austin books where so obsessed with marrying the right person. The right marriage can bring a lot of bonuses to your family.-- The Interface -- It took me a little bit to get used to the new set up (not really that much different), but you can tell CA took great care to make everything flow better. Some screens can be toggled a bit more than they were in Rome 2.-- Unit Cards --  Really, I wasn't all that butt hurt about the unit cards in Rome 2, at first I was like, ""what????"" but it didn't take me long to get used to them. I bounced back and forth between all the mods for unit cards, and ultimately I just stuck with the CA ones. Now the new unit cards are more in line with how so many people wanted.-- Performance -- I have had zero issues with performance. My settings are on as high as they can the game will let me and I have not had any issues.-- Not a Rome 2 clone -- This isn't really an issue for me, but may be for some. Attila is not Rome 2 reskinned or a glorified expansion pack. There is enough of a different to tell these two games are different. Attila feels very different from Rome 2, and even though I LOVE Rome 2, I am very much enjoying Attila.CONS----------------------------------------------------- Unit Banners -- I know I can turn them off, even set them to ""mouse over"", but they just feel weird to me. Note I am talking purely about aesthetics. I think they're a nice improvment as far as functionality (they display a bit more info for those quick glances when in the heat of battle)-- Unit marker/indicator Arrow thingy -- When you move a unit or hold down the space bar it'll show you where the unit is supposed to go, well, they look kind of ugly, and distracting for some reason. Not a deal breaker, just something I wish I could change in the settings.CONCLUTION___________________________________________This is a much more polished game when compared to Rome 2. Its launch has been very smooth and has been nowhere near as rocky as Rome 2 was. Don't get me wrong, I love me some Rome 2, but I could totally understand people’s frustrations’ during its launch.When people say ""this is what Rome 2 should've been"", I go back and forth on my reaction. While I totally find myself wishing Rome 2 had all new features Attila does, I realize that they are two different games. To say this is what Rome 2 should've been would be like saying ""Rome 2 is what Rome 1 should've been"". There is enough of a gap to differentiate the two.Most importantly, seeing the equipment features for characters, as well as many other improvements, I can begin feel better about Warhammer Total War. With each Total War game everything gets better and better. Attila is just one more step closer to a perfected Grand Strategy game.**** OLD REVIEW *****Just from the Prologue the game runs very smooth. I have no frame rate issues, very pretty. No issues like Rome 2.The units feel more medieval, at one point I was like ""Medieval 3 is going to be amazing"" (after Warhammer!!!!!!! *crosses fingers*)The city management is MUCH better. I wasn't too butt hurt how Rome 2 did it, but this feels better.The game grabs you for sure, more imerssive.Also, I can see little hints of how Warhammer Total War is going to play, I'm very happy with this."
,Recommended,325610,29428218,Posted: 22 January,all,Harald Hårfagre,"-Start a Age of Charlemagne Campain-Choose Danes because ""Vikings-Decide to f*** over the Englishmen-Few hours later I have conquered the entire British Isles-Become hungry for Power and decides to invade France-Move all of my 4 Armies from England down to France-Manage to invade half of france but needs my armies stacked in cities for Public order and protection-Invaded Paris and take out Charlemagne in the process-Few turns later Charlemagne had suddenly survived getting his head chopped of and come with an Entire army-Siege takes place-My Kings army stand outside the Castle flanking them-Taking out about half of their army-While the Franks climb up their ladders I realize I forgot about King Sigfreds Housecarl unit outside the castle-Tries to get him inside the castle to safety-Onagers, Arrows and Spears are being shot at him-As I see the Unit get weaker and weaker I understand that the King got a really unfortunate fate because of me-I accept his fate-Suddenly the entire unit is dead except Sigfred-Sigfred runs across the gates despite being shot rocks and arrows from all over the place-As a lone survivor Sigfred survives and get behind friendly lines and into safety-Sigfred didn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥and was ready to fight-Charlemagnes army looses morales as he goes down-They surrender-Sigfred didn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the whole incident and move on-Some time later, Sigfred is 70 years old and tries to hold off a horse unit as they're being flanked-Sigfreds unit ends up with having 3 people alive when the backup arrives-The other two dies as he tries to run behind friendly troops-Sigfred survives as a lone survivor again-I finally realizes Sigfred was chosen by God and is the true ruler of the world-All hail Sigfred"
76561198037683226,Not Recommended,325610,15788754,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,"Lemmiwinks, The Gerbil King","I really tried to like this game, but even tough it had lots of promise, just like Rome 2, plenty of problems are plaguing it.But first, the good elements:-The cutscenes are great, enjoyable and gives a certain feel to the game-The family tree is back! ( you'll end up in the end game with 35 cousins you don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about, which is kinda annoying because you have to ensure the loyalty of everysing one of them)-Even if they start with an already built empire, the romans are really enjoyable to play and gives a good challenge-The destruction you can inflict on a town is REALLY awesome, I just love to burn absolutely everything to the ground- the AI is competent in battle. Not incredible but it will give a certain challenge.And now, what really sucks about this game-It should've been an expansion, plain and simple, just like FOTS. Not enough difference with rome 2 to justify a standalone game- The turrets are fricking machine guns. Forget trying to capture it with cavalry you'll lose half of it by the time you're done.- Burning a city to the ground is fun but as soon as you stop babysitting your troops they get caught in the burning buildings and killed.- You're fighting a battle on a port village and you wish to bring your marines on the ground to fight inside your city. You try to disembark your troops but guess what? Enemy boats have some sort of ''reserved parking slots'' on the closest beaches, so you can't disembark them because the AI has already ordered its troops there, resulting in you having to send your boats across the map to find a free spot- Vassals are useless, since they're gonna betray you whatever happens. As soon as their leaders gets the trait ''rebellious'' or ''hate that empire trait'' they are just ticking time bombs. Traits that, by the way, they always end up getting.-Almost 0 variety between barbarians nations,  be that in their buildings or in their troops. Like 5 unique units and the rest are common to everyone.-Painfully annoying AI on the campaign map. A hunnic army in Norway will get chased through the map by the sassanids if they are at war-The horde system is a fake good idea. Losing an horde means permanently losing a city, which is extremely time consuming to rebuild if it was a well develloped one. Attacking cities with more than 1 horde will get you the ''rivalry'' trait to all the horde present, which mean less food and less money (somehow) in your coffers.-The hunnic horde in the late game is basicly just the huns with 9 armies fully stacked with tier 3 units and infinite upkeep. Those hordes get respawned after 3-4 turns if you destroy them and the Huns as a whole are unkillable. You just never feel that you've accomplished something. You can't kill Attila, (sometimes he disappears for no reason tough, and his avatar on the diplomacy screen is some random eastern dude) and you can't destroy the hunnic hordes. The only available option is to buff your cities defenses to the maximum and let the huns attack them or beat each individual hunnic army with 4 of yours and hope the rest of the armies are too far away to reinforce.- Raiding as a horde is completely useless, since you make more money with an encampment- The tons of DLC, which add NOTHING to the game itself. A bunch of new units and a different starting region. Trust me, you want to play as the viking? Take a faction that start has a horde and capture their starting region. Easily saved 10$- Finally, the game itself, which is basicly what FOTS was to shogun 2. Except that FOTS costed 20$, added regions, was almost an entirely different game, the map didn't feel recycled AND was all around 10 times more enjoyable.Don't waste your money on this."
,Not Recommended,325610,14698589,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,DonGurke,"Change of mind after about 25 hours. Game sucks major balls and is riddled with bugs, artificially difficult to the point you simply quit and don't touch it with a stick. Design decisions where logic isn't involved make you puke after couple of hours. Why the heck do I get a -100 penalty in diplomacy for being a Great Power with ONE settlement and ONE full stack army, making every faction out there declaring a vendetta on me? Why the heck can't I recruit cheap low tier units after researching certain technology instead I DO HAVE to recruit expensive as ♥♥♥♥ high tier units which make my economy go full Greece? GREECE, WHERE IS MY MONEY GREECE?! Why is everything so expensive, 10k to rebuild a settlement, no thanks. AI is just cheating all over the place, NOT.FUN.AT ALL. Oh and don't forget CAs take on DLC. 8€ for 3 new factions after a week of game release, A WEEK! Last time I'm purchasing a Total War game, sayonara Creative Assembly."
76561198051020214,Recommended,325610,26712283,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,FancyDancing,"Charlemagne DLC is essentially Medieval 3. The islamic campaign in Charlemagne DLC is very challenging and fun, however you should get this on sale. Creative Assembly and Segas DLC policy is highway robbery: release game 75 percent finished and lock away key components and factions to be released as day 1 dlc and then trickle out DLC that costs 5-20 dollars until all DLC is out then resell the game at 60 dollars just like it was day 1. They did it with ROME 2 and are doing it again with Warhammer. Get Total War games on sale or expect to pay over 100 dollars for all the bells and whistles."
,Not Recommended,325610,18973388,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,polishpistol,"A friend of mine and myself, both history teachers, have played every Total War game released. We love the historical aspect of the games, as well as the turn based/real time game play. I can write the same review for every Total war release.My friend and I are excited about new Total War game, often pre-purchasing.Upon release of the game, we are excited about the changes, improved game play, etc...We spend HOURS on multi-player campaigns, buy every add on (which we thought gouged on with Attila).When the game really starts to get intense, our empires built, my thoughts are consumed with my strategies, plots against my friends empire, etc...Then the game gets caught in a series of never-ending crashes.EVERY SINGLE TOTAL WAR GAME HAS DONE THIS TO US.Each new game we promise each other the problems have been fixed. Every patch release has us crossing our fingers.After the heartbreaking collapse of our last epic Attila campaign, I have uninstalled every Total War game and vowed to never again waste another minute, dollar, on this series.It was like breaking up with a hot but crazy girlfriend. You wanted it to work so badly, but the insanity bacame to much to live with.PolishPistol"
,Recommended,325610,23360243,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,HeavyAssault,"Been playing Total War since Rome 1 for reference.This game is a return to form for the Total War franchise. After Rome 2 this game feels like everything that Rome should have been.Visually the game has imorived by adding a fire mechanic and a siege escalation that brings some life to the cities and sieges. Watching building burn and fire spreading thru ought the city is deffinitely something to see, its that extra immersion you really appreciate.On a game play side, the AI is performing much better than before, tho not perfect, the politics system has more depth to it that Rome 2, but still not to the level we wanted. The return of the family tree is much appreciated.The food system has been drastically overhauled definitely adding a lot more strategy to province management, specialization of provences isn't easy like in Rome 2 and definitely equires a bit of planning.Another small but useful change is making all the provinces have three regions.In my campaign on Very Hard as Himyar I found it challening to expand into Egypt and squaring off against the Eastern Romans,  many battles had to be fought before I could get a single settlement and the AI moved its armies in strategic ways that actually withheld me frrom going forward, something that impressed me.Public order isnt that easy to manage either, before I could go on my conquering rampage maintaining region control was important, while defending the same territory from the AI armies.Playing in Europe is like racing against the clock in preperation for the Huns and if you can't stop em, then you better move, a sense of tension that is really engaging.Agents are still very important but not as OP as in ROME 2, Spies definitely got nerfed and you won't see alot of poisining going on which I am ok with.All in all the game requires more strategic thought than before wether you play as a nomadic tribe or not and that is something I appreciate.There are still somethings that could have been done better and more features could have been added, diplomacy is still the same as before and I would really like the re-introduction of region trades but its probably not happening, AI is good but nor perfect but overall the positives far outweigh the negatives.The game gets a solid 9/10 as both a Total War game and a strategy game."
76561198006603237,Not Recommended,325610,14648791,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Khadras,Cut content and shallow culture packs makes this a no.
76561197977211641,Recommended,325610,33140611,Posted: 2 July,all,PhoenixMW,"As you can see from the hours played, I had and have a lot of fun with Attila. So far it's the best Total War (and I have played about all of them and I have played them a lot).The gameplay differs a lot from culture to culture with each faction facing different challenges and having very different means to meet them, not only when it comes to the obvious things like what kind of army each faction can field, but also when it comes to the ""little things"" like ... whether you even have settlements or start as a horde. Or public order. Or politics. Or economy. Or religion. All this forces you to adapt your strategy, not only to your own capabilites, but also to what your enemy can and cannot do. (Because of that some of the Culture-DLCs are actually worth it and not just another starting position, especially the sandy one. Celts and Norse are meh tho, just more barbarians).Every aspect of the game actually impacts how well you're doing - as opposed to Rome II where you could just ignore politics and be fine and public order and culture usually were no big deal (just build a big enough temple, eh?). Attila is actually challenging without feeling outright unfair, like Shogun did, where ""challenge"" meant the AI cheated and everyone - even your closest allies - just decided to go to war with you for no apparent reason, once you became somewhat powerful.Also the setting is interesting and they did a lot to make it feel right and that's not just how it looks, but again, how it plays: For example, you get, why abandoning Britain as the Romans is a sensible idea. And you get, why you should migrate your barbarian tribe to the south. Not because it's historically accurate, but because it's a reasonable answer to what the game puts infront of you and how the setting translates into gameplay, starting positions and Huns wanting to burn your babies.TL;DR:Saving Rome is hard, but fun. But so is conquering (parts of) it to make your own Frankish Kingdom. And defending that against the Huns. And putting everything to the torch as the Huns. And building up your power and then steamroll everything as the Sassanides. And building up your power to backstab the Sassanides as some jewish desert Kingdom (DLC).Also it's pretty to watch the world burn.The only thing that disappointed me is that you do not get to make Rome proper pagan again. Just this Sol Invictus crap. IF I WANTED A SINGLE GOD I COULD HAVE STAYED CHRISTIAN, JUPITER DAMN IT!"
,Recommended,325610,26281877,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,talensted,"Attila has become my favorite Total War game, even though I'm not a big fan of the time period. Gameplay-wise, this game, has almost everything I want in a Total War game:+A clear system for unit-type matchup in battle.(ex. melee cav > shock cav, melee/shock cav > sword inf, sword inf > spear inf, spear inf > melee/shock cav)+Good morale system (just like M2TW where you can win/lose because of a chain rout)+Family trees+40-unit per side battles+Highlights the power of cavalry charges, and artillery units+All cav can dismount (though I don't use this, it must be available for realism)Aside from the gameplay, graphics are excellent.Attila is a solid game, with or without mods. First TW I ever played was Medieval 1, but I also tried Shogun 1. Ranking in my opinion:1 Attila2 Shogun 2 (Vanilla + FOTS)3 Medieval 2 (Vanilla + Kingdoms)4 Rome 1 (Vanilla + BI)5 Rome 26 Empire7 Napoleon8 Warhammer9 Medieval 110 Shogun 1"
,Not Recommended,325610,14670815,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,McMorky,"This game is a poorly optimized, DLC infested reskin of Rome 2. Even though Rome 2 was the way it was, I still invested 200 hours into the game. I did Enjoy Rome 2 but it got dull after such a long play time. I expected Attila to be new and exciting but, after just 3 hours of play (and many more hopelessly trying to make the game run smoothly) my interest is already gone.Don't buy"
76561198007236286,Not Recommended,325610,15483701,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Carlos Danger,"I like the game, but I hate the way CA and Sega do business. Building a game, gutting out content, and then selling that back to me is frankly a petty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ way of treating your customers. I dont know of many other companies that think of ""DLC"" in the same way as they do..."
,Recommended,325610,14528640,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Pää Kii Paco,"So Far So Good.The Goodside+Political System is improved+Family Tree is confusing at first, but fluid+The Battle and Campaign AI have been improved+More Difficult+Apocalyptic Feels+Flames, flames, and more flamesThe Badside-Units rout/die a bit fast-There probably will be another Blood and Gore DLC-Day One DLCExpecting patches to build upon this already solid start.Overall, a step in the right direction."
76561198079369020,Not Recommended,325610,17974909,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Seared,"the base game is not a complete game, it is about 1/2 a game for which you pay the full price of  a game. you will then pay more to get the complete game over the next year or so.don't get me wrong, i love total war. however, this business model is absurd. i will not purchase another one of these games untill i see this change."
,Not Recommended,325610,27566828,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,adfranco01,"It doesn't matter whether this game is good or not. The fact that we were sold a ""final product"" that we then had to piece together by buying the entire game's value in DLC is an absolute abuse of the consumer.  SEGA and CA, you should be ashamed of yourself. This treatement of the consumer is ABSOLUTE BULL, and you don't deserve to be in business anymore."
,Not Recommended,325610,28187273,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Reinier,"The AI in Attila Total War cheats with money you often see factions like the Danes, Franks, Saxons, and other Nordic factions with Death Stacks of armies (20 units per army)  and they have multiple death stacks 2-3 armies and 1-2 navies but they only have 1 settlement which isimpossible to manage without cheating economically.These are some of the cheats the Ai uses in the game even on Normal difficulty:- Bonus to collected Taxes,- Less Upkeep costs for Buildings, Military Units, and Mercenaries.- Less Recruitment Cost- More Recruitment Slots.- More Food- More Public Order- More Sanitation- More Conquest Resistance- Less Attrition from Snow, Swamp etc.- Less Corruption- More Unit Replenishment- Higher Growth Rate- More Unit Morale- Free Colonization- Less Chance for Diseases to break out and spreadThe game has a decent amount of factions if you buy some of the DLC's, I enjoyed playing as the Picts and found the Saxons very challenging with an AI that has so many advantages over the player even on Normal difficulty. The game would be a lot more fair and fun if the AI didnt have so many economic advantages over the player."
,Not Recommended,325610,14635995,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,MiniMeth® ✅,"1 week after release, and it already has 2 dlc'sI cannot upvote a game that was sold partially like this, I just can'tI find it fun though, it's a great improvement from Rome II, and the game works alot better than Rome II did at launch!"
76561198000222448,Not Recommended,325610,14941414,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Dual_Cored,"We stood in formation on the field of battle. Our leader, General Jeff Van Dy Ke, prepared to give us a rousing speech to steel our hearts against the ruthless foe. The Seganites and Cafanaboys gathered on the other side, polishing their Daggers, Longswords and Clubs, or ""DLC's"" as the men called them. ""Men"", said the general, ""We have had enough of the cut content, half drunk voice actors, and chaotic campaign AI. We go on the attack to forever save the name of Total War! And remember, our Roman Gods are watching! Make sure they are not ashamed! ""To our horror he was sniped by a flaming catapult from 3 miles away."
76561198011300382,Not Recommended,325610,15052187,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Tannumber17,"Most of my hours ""played"" were spent waiting for the computer to finish its turn."
,Not Recommended,325610,15496498,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,JamesTheClarke,"The game is decent and has a much better start than Rome 2. However, it is still plagued with many issues that were raised over and over again in the forums for Rome 2 - e.g. unit statuses are still cycled through instead of divided into sections on the unit card, really?!The engine still doesn't fully support unit collision and combat is always a one-vs-one statistics fest instead of multiple soldiers fighting one simultaneously as they used to in Rome 1 and Medieval 2.Most of the flaws with the engine and the design decisions I could ignore / live with and still enjoy the game. But what really kills it for me is the severe lack of mod support (because lets face it, SEGA knows the mods are better than their lazy DLC) and the piece by piece selling of purposefully gated away content. The blood and gore DLC I would have happily paid for, but the factions are all already in the game and simply locked away from the player to milk the fans dry. This is a horrid business practise and people are catching onto SEGA. If the publisher doesn't change their strategy soon they will kill the TW franchise, a series of games I loved for over a decade. Shame on SEGA for this short sighted, money-grabbing and greedy approach on game development."
76561198105867806,Not Recommended,325610,15389464,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,paulakettle,"Considering that a good percentage of the game fomat is related to the family tree and the development of individual characters, recording Births, Adoptions, Marriages and Deaths for example. I am finding it increasingly frustrating that, no matter which tribe I select to play in the Grand campaign, by the third generation, the same married couples  become duplicated and can appear several times along different family lines and branches. Obviously this eventually leading to a Dynastic senario that cannot be controlled or even understood. I really enjoy the Total War  genre, but unfortunately would not recommend this game until the problem is eliminated."
76561198006644804,Recommended,325610,25346933,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,danerobe,"Not the best in the franchise, but it's definitely an improvement over Rome II. Now, if only CA would make Medieval III..."
76561198010413256,Not Recommended,325610,17055286,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,The Pope,"I love the total war series. I really do, I have played them all. This one is Rome 2 with new challenges. These challenges were made to simulate real problems facing the world at this point, and to be honest, the way they are depicted in this game is very annoying. Asia and europe will be a wasteland by the time you get there, burned to the ground by marauding hordes. As long as Attilla is alive, hordes magically sprout from the ground in Crimea. Corruption is rampant and crippling. the economy is very hard to manage, and the farmland returns diminish as the game progresses. Dont get me wrong, Ive figured the way they want me to combat these problems. I just find them annoying and would rather not deal with them. These are not fun additions.Midieval 2 and Rome 2 were my personal favorites of this series. Id even deal with the black plague again if they would do a midieval 3 with the current engine. Stick to the basics, you already had it right. Give me upgraded graphics, maps, and units. Chill with the ""challenges."" Your moving in the wrong direction."
76561197965051100,Not Recommended,325610,15604091,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Ironfire246,"only 10 factions of the 60 are unlocked, DLCs are pathetic"
,Not Recommended,325610,15467438,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Celestial,"Completely dissapointing waste of money. Despite the fact that community paid for what should have been added into Rome2, CA still managed to fail again. Enormous amounts of bugs and crashes makes game completely unplayable. Official support ignores the issues."
76561198030176685,Recommended,325610,14511453,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Kaustek,A HUGE step up from Rome.9/10
76561198047943877,Not Recommended,325610,14941785,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,mike14501,DLC Whoring.
76561198054665164,Recommended,325610,25059935,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Wicker_Man,"I think, at this point, everyone and their mother (hey mom, sorry about the swearing if you are reading this) has chastised CA and SEGA for the DLC problems and performances issues. I mean, good god, this game guns like s**t.  Which is being unfair to s**t really.  I’ve had s**t run smoother on many occasions.  Anyways, if don’t have a decent card (I have a GTX 760), except it to be unplayable.  If you have an okay card, like mine, expect playableness on low to medium settings.  If you have a top of the line card (you lucky son of...) then don’t expect to max the game.  It’s just that bad.Anyways, the game itself, out of the context of these issues, is the best total war game I’ve ever played.  And I’ve played Rome, Shogun 2, Medieval 2, Empire, and Napoleon.  All of them pale in comparison. It’s hard to explain—there’s so many weird new mechanics that mesh in a way like never before.  At times, it makes even Rome seem clunky.  In a lot of ways it's a new kind of strategy game.  It's sort of like Endless Legend in that it takes the idea of faction survival even further, but it's a way better game than that game.  You’re not just fighting to paint the map your color and gain more and more and more till you win.  You’re fighting, in many cases, to see that your people survive, to see your culture live another season.  This makes migration a huge part of this game.  Sometimes you have to abandon your settlements and move West.  Where will you settle?  Who will you meet along the way?  How will you deal with the Roman empire?  Its got that incredible sense of adventure—in a strategy game which is bonkers to me.The first like seven to ten hours of the game are a bit of a mess.  You might think, oh, I am TW vet and I know how to play this.  But it's oddly different.  Soon you’ll be humbly retreating to the wiki for information on a general’s cunning, or authority, or what integrity does for an army, or how loyalty works, or how to reduce squalor in a city.  Maybe this is because I neglected to play Rome 2, but it was a bit of a wall at first.  My advice: Get your self over that wall! Push through! Read up on it! Because once you do, once you are past that seven to ten hours, you are going to have a game with its own breed of emergent storytelling like no other.  The abundance of extra character stats and details adds layers of complexity to gameplay and character, and is surprisingly not overburdening like it is in Endless Legend.  It’s very dense, and yet easy to interrupt once you’ve learned it.  The interface is a bit of struggle, but not entirely unwieldily.  And once you’ve done all that learning, suddenly the game becomes about the story of your people, their resistance, their tenacity to survive, and the harsh winters and Huns that chase you from your home.  The mechanics make that narrative smooth, intricate, and nuanced to play through.  And there's never a sense of BS randomness.  You know lack of sanitation buildings runs the risk of disease every turn.  You know your general's loyalty has been waning lately.  You know starvation and winter leads to attrition for your men's numbers.The battles are fantastic.  Short, but tactical and sweet.  Horse archers are gods, btw.  It’s an intricate game every time between the eastern Calvary factions and the Infantry focused germanic peoples.  Spears versus raw speed.  It’s about how to untangle a knot, and thread a needle with careful maneuvering.  Each unit checks and balances each other.  But some come with nasty surprises, like war-dogs, or bows on spearmen.  The complexity makes Shogun’s simple Spear, Sword, Calvary set up look childish. It’s got an amazing battle map.  Plus, in custom battle, you can select ANY location on the map to fight in.  Wanna replay a specific river crossing from a campaign you had?—mark in the map.  Amazing!I don’t know how to describe this happy accident CA made.  I hate most of the stuff they make (except Rome and Shogun II)—because most of their games error on the side of being rather bland and thematically simplistic: conquer here and there kind of stuff.  But this is a true gem, in that it breaks the tradition of most strategy games.  The world is falling apart.  A cold is coming, fertility in lands is dropping, and the Huns are coming to sack everyone.  It embraces this part of history like no other game.  It takes its sense of the world and uses that for the mechanics.  It’s so cool that this game is about running, and hiding, and trying to survive worse and worse conditions and diseases.  It wears the whole apocalyptic vibe so well.  It’s chilling and dark.  It’s hard too.  Don’t expect to steam-roll everyone.  Even Rome is crumbling, rebellions are imminent, and starvation is at your doorstep.  Keeping what you got—becomes its own challenge.  It’s more story than history.  It’s more legend and myth than it is about conquering.  It’s kind of like Crusader Kings II—except you don’t stare at a map the whole time.  If you can buy it on sale with DLC, it’s worth it my friend.  In my opinnion, it is the underrated swan song of a once great developer; perhaps, a last true spark of genius that got rushed by a desperate publisher.Sincerly, a TW gamer."
76561198036824929,Recommended,325610,14748426,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Giant|2obot,"Beware of the DLC money grab, two DLC packs in the first damn week of rlease, both things that SHOULD of been in the game, $15 for 6 factions that are just reskins of old factions. I do not support the idea of selling me a whole game one expensive piece at a time, especially content I should of had from the very begining. Enjoy the base game, dont dump your money into the SHADY DLC, wait for a sale if anything."
76561198035652898,Recommended,325610,32905752,Posted: 27 June,all,skywalkeratat,"This is a must-have game for Total War fans. The gameplay and music and visuals are great, but what I appreciated most was that it really got me interested in the history of that time period. The only thing it's missing is a Islamic DLC."
,Recommended,325610,14530374,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,[M.A.T.A.R] SuIXo,"After 10 hours of play I can already say this game is a lot more than just a ""this should have been a DLC"". It has everything Rome II lacks and more.The new city razing mechanics is awesome, you literally destroy the city and the region becomes desolate. On this point I will say it seems the AI uses it too much. On my campaign map I have tons of regions desolated. You can resettle those but it cost money and food, and it seems the AI considers it too expensive because I have not seen them settle one. But that's just some tweaking stuff, no big deal.Faction politics is much better than before, not only thanks to the family tree, but you also have much more options available with characters. Choose wife, embezle money, raise support, assassinate (of course), choose your heir, and plenty more. The offices system is more visual and intuitive, governor mechanics is very useful (saved me from starving more than once), and the blend between dominion and control resulting in faction power is a nice expansion on the simpler Rome II system.I don't if it's just me but the game feels more balanced, battles feel better and more dinamic. Units rout to come back later if not totally obliterated, in Rome II once they routed you pretty much lost them. Here you have more second chances if you play your strategy well. It really matters how you engage the enemy and the AI seems more responsive.Battle maps are also much more detailed, really beautiful to look at, and have more strategic values.I still miss having more landing points for navies. It can be a pain to fight mixed battles because of that.Naval battles feel pretty much the same, no big improvement as far as I know.Overall the game is very good. If you come from Rome you will notice the difference. Especially with loading time, Attila is much faster. Not with the turns though, ending turn is still a pain, but when faction numbers start to drop (even by just 4 or 5) speed increases a lot.I've been playing with the Jutes and it's a lot of fun. They have some powerful units and traits. I'm playing on normal difficulty and the campaign seems harder than rome's normal difficulty, AI is not afraid to declare war just when I'm weaker on their side, catching me completely unaware, while they cooperate with my other enemies to take me down. It is much easier to get people angry at you in attila, as soon as you get big, everybody will hate you for it.I was reluctant to buy this game considering Rome II was a fail (still a very good game though, just not what people expected) but I have no regrets, this is a well done Total War successor and I hope it's the perfect test ground for Medieval 3 (fingers crossed)."
76561198038609754,Not Recommended,325610,16775853,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Xwhyzed,"In short:- If you don't haveRome 2buy that instead, it's much cheaper and offers the same (or even better) experience.- If you have Rome 2 don't buy this there are very few new things in Attila (and atleast half of them are bad).The long story:The concept of Attila is good, migrating hordes and desloated regions might sound appealing at first but they turn into an AI nightmare.Scorched earth:In Attila most of the faction can chose to destroy a region instead of occupying it, this burns down everything and leaves it barren. Factions can also choose to abandon and burn down their own settlement or they can even choose to burn all of ther settlements and become a migrating faction.The problem with desolated regions is:They are never ever repopulated by the AI (even though they can settle there for free).Repopulation costs a lot of money for the player. Just taking a desolate region costs more than making a full stack army and after that you still have to reconstruct the buildings (for tons of money).Even if you got the money, it's not worth the time. When you take a desolate land you have to start rebuilding it, but in order to rebuild you first have to wait for the population to grow, so it takes 30-40 turns to make it a normal settlement again.From my Saxon campaigns: I built my little empire then Attila's horde arrived, I beat them back so they decided to turn against the rest of the world resulting in pretty much every region east of Poland and north of the Black Sea to become desolate. That's a lot of barren regions... never to be repopulated.My allies The Gates owned skandinavia, with 4 regions and 5-6 full stack armies. One day they got bored (or maybe winter was coming) so they burned down all their settlements and became a migrant faction. Then they sailed down to the beaches of Spain but they never landed. For the rest of the game they were roaming the sea with 5 full stack armies.- The conquered: remember when you conquered all the settlements of a faction but they still had an army roaming around (and annoying you) for a short time before it withered away. Well in Attila they don't wither away, instead they become a migrant faction and run to the other corner of the world to roam around there doing nothing. This is pointless and from that moment on the faciton is just taking up loading time.- The enemy: In one of my campaigns the Celtic factions became allies and counquered Spain (they did this quite often actually). I figured it's time to take their homeland so I went to war with the four factions there, I landed in Britain with 4 armies and started taking their regions.To my surprise they reacted quite fast and I noticed 13 full stack armies (of the 4 enemy factions) heading up from Spain by boat.I was glad, this will be total war and I'm probably going to get my♥♥♥♥♥kicked in glorious battles. Unfortunately after 3 turns two of the factions just stopped near the French coast and started roaming the seas there. The rest arrived to Britain with 7 armies but they didn't land. They waited there for atleast 10 turns and after that only one started attacking me.The AiA lot of times the Ai doesn't attack when he should, he just camps near the enemy settlements doing nothing.The way the Ai conqueres regions or starts wars is beyond any reason. Factions at two different corners of the map start a war with each other.Ai is reluctant to attack other Ai regions when they are at war. Even if he has wastly superior numbers (I'm talking about 3 full stacks vs an undefended settlement, the stacks just camped in the region for 20+ turns and then go away)A lot of armies just roam around pointlessly. Often they go to the sea and just sail around doing nothing and never landing aigan.The desolate regions is abused by the Ai.Small factions that should have just died out roam around pointlessly as migrant faction.Thes are just the Campaign ai things, the battle ai is pretty much the same as in Rome 2.All in allAttila is a bit like Napoleon was to ETW, a ""should have been"" expansion.  Except while in Napoleon the engine was really improved compared to ETW, in Attila there are only insignificant changes compared to Rome 2.The only thing worth mentioning is the family tree but since time goes slowly in the game (4 tpy) you can dominate the world before your get a large family :)"
76561198050866316,Recommended,325610,14574994,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,zach Farmskins.com,If you enjoyed Shogun 2 and didn't like Rome 2 you will probably enjoy this game :D
76561198040127044,Not Recommended,325610,15512846,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,RTK | TimuR,"The game was pretty good with the exception of a few things...then they patched it...Then all the multiplayer games disappeared, and now its a dead game."
,Not Recommended,325610,14797527,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Prussian V.,"I have to say as a Totalwar Fan since I was a lil one I can honestly say that CA has turned on its fans and community, I say this for those who wish to buy the game NOT too, theres barely any content in the game and they CONTINUE to randsome it through DLC's the fact they had a DLC ready before the game even came out will prove my statement, my problem isn't that the game wasn't what I desired it to be after all we all have different demands for any game but my problem is they are ransoming it through DLC's like they did with Rome II I mean who the f*ck would seperate blood and decapitation from a game and put it in a DLC ""don't say because some people prefer not to see that when they could easily make an opition to disable it"" until I see more content and a stop to the ransoming of there games I refuse to give a possitive review.I know this seems harsh I normally don't get too peeved over a game but this has gone on too long and has gotten to a point where I think many of us can agree that we're relying on modders like radious to make the game playable, anyway thats it I'll happily change this review if this ever gets sorted if not well goodluck to you CA."
76561198009358984,Not Recommended,325610,14696839,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Stigma,"I am just going to mention its downsides due to the fact that anything else is good/has immense potential.•  First off, the incessant greediness is getting out of hand, you all know what I mean *cough* 2 DLC's after a single week of release *cough*.•  Secondly, although I really liked the razing system and all, I finally came to the point to heavily dislike it since a plethora of tribes/factions are literally overdoing it which had as a result half of Europe to be eradicated after 70-80 turns which is ridiculous; I sure get the 'Scourge of the God' thingy and stuff but that's a bit too much.•  Again, despite the fact that I think that it has a larger unit variety than it's predecessor I really hoped that they could make certain factions a bit more unique, to my dissapointment they did not. Which I guess is made on purpose for the sake of DLC's.•  Furthermore, a huge let down in Attila is nothing more than the diplomacy. I honestly had gotten my hopes up for a polished and perhaps a more realistic diplomacy with even more strategic options and what not, nevertheless I was quickly displeased with what I saw.•  Lastly, I strongly believe that one(at least) or two new animations should have been added in battles as in its current state the battlefield reminds me a lot of Rome II; Perhaps I'm asking for too much, but hey isn't it a brand new game after all? Why it somehow looks incredibly contiguous to Rome II? That's something that kinda irritates me.Currently, I really am enjoying the game as well as any TW game that I've played(Started with TW Alexander fyi) though I am neither willing nor able to recommend it at this very moment; I'd say that it's going to need several updates first."
76561198015349934,Not Recommended,325610,15504401,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Skatosaurus Rex,"The performance of the game is terrible, I own a GTX 980 and an i7 5930K and the games runs at bellow 20 fps in battles."
,Not Recommended,325610,14636045,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Nexus,"The game itself is great, 8/10 would recommend. This is a negative review towards the horrible dlc releases for this game. At this point in time there are two 'Culture pack' dlcs and the game has been out around a week now, one of these was a day 1 dlc. It's an extra £10~ of dlc and there hasn't even been a single patch update yet. The dlc being sold isn't even worth it. They are factions that are already in the game with a full list of units, all they have to do is give the faction some stats and there you go £5 dlc. A mod on the workshop will do the same thing for free.I wish Sega would just stop being a bad publisher. At least they learned that releasing a game 6 months early was a bad idea (Rome 2)"
76561198034615836,Recommended,325610,14527660,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,TW Zone,"Crossbow cav and Vikings. 9/10For real though, great Napoleon-like installment in the series. Almost no bugs, great new features, improved campaign AI, cool unit rosters, amazing great game and the ""just one more turn"" feeling. The only downside I could think of is the somewhat lack of optimization, but I'm sure patches will fix that in the future."
76561198141386776,Recommended,325610,33165241,Posted: 2 July,all,Steve Irwin Croc Hunter,playing as the danes i own most of northern europe and the huns are in full swing. hordes of huns keep spawning in my territory and every turn i have to move my armies to fight even more huns that keep pouring over the alps. it takes two full stacks of my troops to kill one of theirs beouse thiers are teir three. i decide to cut the head off the snake. attila is cornered after i have lost litteraly thousands of troops chasing him accross the alps. atilla escapes wounded to fight anouther day. this happens twice more. were still fighting the huns in the alps as they spawn more and more hordes. the most infuritaing total war game i have ever played. 10/10 would play again.
,Recommended,325610,14552831,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Curran,"A drastic improvement over Rome 2. The launch of Attila is not without its hiccups, but it is hundreds of times smoother than Rome 2. CA has learned from the mistakes and reintroduced features that were missed in Rome 2, as well as expanding even more: the family tree is back and politics is more in depth than ever, whilst still being easier to manage than older games such as Medieval 2. Traits and retainers are organized neatly, and it's easy and enjoyable to connect with your characters and your faction. Rosters at the moment are varied and interesting, with some strange mechanics in the tech tree with upgrades. I dislike that cheap units that you might use as a meatshield are eventually upgraded to elite, expensive units, and the cheaper units can no longer be used. The unit upgrading system is interesting, but it needs some work in its current state. Battles now feel more fluid and faster paced than Rome 2, though they will still often take the same amount of time. Axe units now have their own animations, and are even their own subtype of unit. The battle maps as well as the campaign map have an interesting dark tone to fit with the apocalyptic theme that the game is going for. Other than the unit upgrading, the only other thing I find bothersome with the game at the moment is the lack of proper optimization for some AMD hardware. I'm hoping hardware issues will be fixed with patches to be better optimized."
,Not Recommended,325610,15163681,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Ozymandias,"Empire is equal to Napoleon as Rome is to Attila. For Example, in Napoleon, the graphics are increased and the AI is too but keeps the same feel and overall gameplay as Empire (leaving out a few new and or upgraded concepts). The exact same thing happens in Atilla. There's also the similarity of in Empire there were more scattered countries but in Napoleon there were more just main targets (Like France Britain I and Russia) with a few hard to get small countries. The same change between Rome and Atilla, Rome is a bunch of scattered countries while atilla really has as few big targets (The Huns and the Western/Eastern Romans). And in both game transitions they seem to focus one Faction or faction leader, Like France/Napoleon and the Huns/Atilla. In all honesty instead of a completely new 60 doller(without the $30 DLC) game that is basically the old one with less factions and better graphics."
,Recommended,325610,28227171,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,BadWolf,"Started the game as my Slav ancestors (can't say no to Perun).Kicked the hell out of all the nomads, including the Huns.Almost all my neighbours left, either because of the Huns or because of climate change (amateurs can't grow crops on snow).I stayed, fertilizing and colonizing their former lands with my superior pro gaming skills (I read the tooltips).I built a giant prosperous empire, almost rivaling the Romans in terms of square kilometres and being more wealthy than everyone else together (and I just farm, trade amber and sell mead).My spearmen are now more famous than Spartan hoplites and my allies are the Vikings from Kattegat (who raid and conquer the whole west coast like 400 years sooner than IRL).Suddenly, within the Hunnic hordes (they absolutely hate me), Attila takes leaderhip.I send him some gifts and offers, hoping to use him to push out more people so I can colonize more lands.Also, Attila seems like a nice chap. With thousands of horse archers my spearmen can't catch.After few years, my daughter was ready to marry. I married her to Attila.Attila gratiously accepted, saying his people will disapprove but he cannot refuse (the Huns, including Attila, still absolutely hate me btw).He said it like a shy high school boy who just got asked out.10/10, Attila has crush on my daughter."
,Recommended,325610,14571881,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,ShadowsFate,"Total War: Attila - REVIEW BY (VillianSyndicate) & TOTAL WAR COMMUNITY (Official Steam Group)Total War Attila, is the latest installment in the Creative Assembly's Total War franchise. That being said this is an accurate review of the game as we have seen it so far.I found myself noticing for at least a while now lower frames per-second than previously in Rome II, now this isn't neccessarily a bad thing because this is a very brand new non-patched game so fixes are coming but one thing I did notice overall is that this game is Rome II on Steroids.I began my first campaign playing as the Western Roman Empire and almost immediately on my second turn I was sacked, raided and in some cases even threatened by both the migrating factions including the Visigoths and the Celtic factions to the northern parts of Britannia. In short - This game was incredibly difficult playing on normal difficulties, each turn I was either raided or in most cases the plague struck individual towns and regions.Ai in this game isn't to shabby, though it has it's moments in which it does something very unprofessional the ai seemed to be working very well. Regarding these migratory factions, they seem to be foes of nearly everyone. The Huns were not interested in negotiating at all and the Visigoths already wanted my blood because on my third turn they came for me.TOTAL WAR: ATTILA -GAMEPLAY - 7.9GOOD| Gameplay is incredibly similar to that of the original Rome II, however I noticed that the barbarian/hunic factions are more so overpowered in regards to not just calvalry but all units.CAMPAIGN - 8.7GREAT| This campaign map is absolutely stunning, almost like a much darker version of ROME II, this campaign features a fully new integrated faction family tree system as well as a new system very much similar to Crusader King II.CREATIVITY - 6.7GOOD| This game has added a lot of new features but the idea of adding GIF's instead of actual cutscenes is more so a letdown, every campaign action in this game will feature an animated GIF that is around 3 seconds long. The team has also added the migration system which I personally think is fantastic it gives the player or ai a bit of mobility around the campaign map. There is also the feature to now raze or destroy the land around a settlement effectively burning out the populace and causing starvation. Overall the creators added numerous amounts of new creative designs but not enough to really give this a high score. I understand that they may have added in the governor systems, the fact you can now demolish your own settlements to save currency and the fact that you can now select puppet states to work for you, but there is still something missing... For example in the cutscene of the WRE (Western Roman Empire) - It showed a gladiatorial battle, however there is no cutscene in regards to such an event in the game. It's nice to look at via a single cutscene but I would have liked creativity like what Shogun II had been given.MULTIPLAYER - 6.0GOOD| Multiplayer for Attila is very much the same as generic Rome II, only the added features as the same in custom battle. You can now select the latitudes and longitudes of the province in which you wish to fight on.REPLAY VALUE - 8.4GREAT| Total War: Attila is a game that some may enjoy and some will still enjoy, it adds a new campaign placed near the pre-dark ages during the beginning of the falter of the Western Roman Empire. There are plenty of new things to work with in regards to the campaign and the custom battles, multiplayer and let's not forget the always fun to play with historical battles!That being said in its currentl state Attila is based for expert players of the Total War series and those who know the true arts of war, the base difficulty is around the same as Legendary would be for Rome II and unless you wish to become infuriated at the fact your cities are getting sacked constantly I would choose to play on easy or at the most normal difficulties.I must say I had my doubt and I was like many unable to actually fix the dreaded logo screen crash, however using the CMD Prompt I was able to successfully fix my issue. I was still a bit cautious about this game because of the previous launch of ROME II however one things we all forgot to realize is that this engine is still run off the same one as ROME II and the mechanics are all the same with newly added features.That being said I =HIGHLYRecommend this game.~ SF, Director of the VillianSyndicate, Owner of Total War Community (TWC), Developer of Dinosaur:BattleGrounds & LIFE OF ROME."
,Not Recommended,325610,15099967,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,pageywah,"*This review is a statement against recent Total War titles marketing scheme*This recommendation will stay negative unless Creative Assembly and Sega demonstrate to Total war fans that this game will not be plagued by abusive and overpriced downloadable content (as is The Viking Forefathers ''Culture pack'', and the Longbeards ''Culture Pack'').Sega and Creative Assembly, show some respect to Total War fans.We have paid for a complete game. Could you do us the honor of delivering one ?"
,Not Recommended,325610,15067086,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Speedwagon,"10 factions are avilable to me for purchasing the base game at $49.99.9 factions are available to me for purchase at an additional fee of $26.37Imagine purchasing a colored pencil set where there's four colors that come in two shades each; that's pretty much what you get for $49.99, If you pay another $26.37 you get 9 more shades of Barbarian.t-thanks CA.."
76561198120877834,Recommended,325610,29477210,Posted: 24 January,all,I Kill People with Cold Ones,"This is both a great Total War game and by far one of the most frustrating to play late game.Because surviving is the goal, empire-building comes with some severe barriers to entry, most notably the gigantic cost to convert city centers or colonize ruined settlements.  Late game, assuming you're like me and build an empire anyway, you have a ton of territory to defend from the Huns and you'll likely be at war with enough or powerful enough factions to limit how many forces you can bring to bear on the Huns.  This works out ok for Germans and Vikings, it makes the game challenging but not punishingly so.  If you settle or start further northeast though you are ****ed.This is immensely frustrating because the Slavs are among the most interesting factions to play, their units are unique, they are immune to winter attrition (a helpful boon), their minor temples can add fertility to a region (a godsend as each ""chapter"" opens with a global cooling effect that drops the fertility of a ton of regions by 1 each ""chapter""), and they can colonize ruined settlements without cost.  The problem is that Huns not only spawn with most if not all armies stacked full of top tier units by the time Attila emerges, they ****ing respawn the turn after you kill them.  This is fine for Germans, Vikings, Celts and literally anyone who doesn't have a steppe empire, but it ****s you so hard if you play Slavs or make a steppe empire as fresh hordes instantly spawn on your ****ing doorstep repeatedly until you kill Attila, which you have to do three or four times before Huns can no longer spawn new hordes.Even assuming you don't have wars with anyone else, and you will, fighting the Huns can overwhelm you easily as you can't afford to keep too many troops sitting around defending territory and if a Hun horde is present, they rarely come in less than two, then none of your units in the region can regenerate. Because the Huns aren't really paying for their unlimited hordes you can spend tens of thousands of gold desperately fighting them off and still end up in dire straits.  None of this is helped by the fact that Huns have inexplicably fantastic infantry and artillery on top of their monster cavalry, this is a major problem for me because I could probably hold the Huns at bay if not for the fact their armies are so well rounded that they excel in pitched and siege battles even when they're outnumbered by a sizable margin. Not to mention the Huns will burn any city they encounter to the ground, which weakens your already strained economy and undoes potentially hundreds of turns of progress.  I like that this game is challenging and has a bunch of mechanics to make late game difficult but it's frustrating as **** to watch the empire you spent over 100 turns building burn down around you as you desperately try to kill Attila and stop the respawning hordes.In conclusion, this game is a ton of fun to play for 100 turns.  I love razing settlements and watching fire engulf the map, the buildings are much improved from Rome Total War 2, the graphics are better, and you can make early game easy on yourself by playing as various barbarians or you can make the game a frantic struggle from the get go if you like a challenge by playing as Rome. Plagues no longer totally wreck armies or towns, although they now last for varying periods of time and can easily spread from one settlement to another even if you have good sanitation.  It has the best of what Rome Total War 2 had to offer and so much more.  But the **** the Huns.  They need severe rebalancing, don't give them great infantry and artillery (which they really shouldn't have), and when a new horde spawns it should take four or five turns just like it would to recruit a normal army so that you have a little breathing room.  I don't mind having three of the eight (there's always eight hordes at a time by late game) hordes rampaging through my territory at a time, but if they keep respwaning endlessly near or in my territory a turn after I beat them I will get zerg-rushed to death regardless of how good I play and how many armies I set aside just to fight the Huns.  Or better yet just give the Huns eight awesome hordes by late game and do away with the respwaning entirely, save for maybe Attila's horde.  I know the obvious answer is don't colonize the steppe, but it's so much more limiting if I can't, it basically forces me to fight just Germans and West Empire or just Eastern factions and East Empire with a dash of Huns on the side for each scenario.  There's no other spot in the game where you're stuck between the Sassanids' allies, the East Empire, eastern Germans and incoming Hun hordes and the idea of forging a kindgom in such a tough spot is immensely appealing.  The Huns would still be hard to beat even if you rebalanced them as I outlined and it would still make for a fun challenge.  But as it is now it's impossible, for me anyway, and worse its really ****ing frustrating, enough so to make me outright quit campaigns I was otherwise very much into."
,Not Recommended,325610,15058808,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,J U C H E,Blood DLC. 'Nuff said.
76561198027377779,Recommended,325610,24325466,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Sean O,"At first blush, Attila was a little disappointing because its superficially so similar to Rome 2, same army animations etc. However, once you play more than a few turns, this disappears and it is truly a totally different and much, much better game.There are some questionable design decisions, for example virtually every faction gets similar units (but there is still a wide diversity) eg saxons get pikemen, lancers, and cavalry that are good at attacking other cavalry despite having none of these historically.  However there's so much unit choice and such a wide diversity of units (especially when you start recruiting client state/horde units) that they're all fun to play as + I find the combat far more complex. Different factions have different stats, for example Barbarians have high attack but generally lower defence and armour, while with Roman units its the other way around.  Roman units get chewed up by barbarians, so you need to play quite tactically with them now and make full use of terrain and your Levis Armaturae and cavalry. Especially appreciated is the (finally!) addition of a 'missile block chance' for all units.  This is so good it would be impossible to go back to a time without it, and I have NO idea why it wasn't in Rome 2 (what were they thinking???).But now to the gameplay. People have complained that all the factions are 'the same' but in truth I really don't see this. Excluding DLC, there are four main playstyles,  'Roman', 'Germanic Barbarian' (eg Suebi, Visigoths), 'Eastern' (Sassanid, Garamantians), and 'Nomadic' (Huns, white huns) etc but each plays very differently, and further playstyle differences are added even between factions depending on their religion (which actually makes a real difference in terms of buildings and effects now), whether they're a horde or not, and differing units. I've completed games on hard as ERE, WRE, Saxons, Sassanids, Garamantians, and White Huns. Horde tribes are a real challenge, since your city travels with you, and I haven't mastered this yet.   I found legendary difficulty too awkward because of the pause-delay that gets added to all of your actions from the auto-save, so I play only on hard or very hard.I'm currently playing the absolute best campaign of my 10 years playing total war  (i've played all TWs except the first shogun) as Western Roman Empire on Very Hard.  An early decision to hold one province too many (Belgica) rather than falling back to Narbonensis as I usually do, as well as a subsequent (still early) decision to switch to Graeco Roman paganism stretched my empire to the absolute breaking point. I spent until 417AD  'treading water' fighting battle after battle, marching my legions all over hells half acre to put down rebellions, fight off rampaging hordes, et cetera. Along the way I lost my alliance with the ERE and had no other trade allies or client states, so it was tough. It also played out very diffierently to an identical campaign on hard. I didn't get my usual economic buildings built early because I had to spend on troops, so I was behind from the get-go.After I wearied my foes enough I was able to sign a stack of peace agreements but I was busy for many more years putting down rebellions and spending spare cash (that now wasn't being spent on soldiers) building buildings. Now in 422 AD, I've stabilised my religion, have taxes stably on high (its a net benefit to public order once all the immigrants are gone) and I control all of italia, north africa, hispania, most of france and most of britain with the Varinians as my client state in Scotland. The thing is, even with 12 legions my empire is still stretched to the max as I have hordes through the interior, the franks have 4 provinces and a few stacks near colonia agrippina, i have five or six hun hordes, rugians and another horde faction hanging all around illyria and in my interior, and I have the garamantians (who have 8 regions) on my border in Africa.  I have two legions in Britain keeping that pacified, two in gaul, one in hispania, two in Africa, three in north italy/illyria, and my expeditionary legion is sailing towards Aksum under Flavius Stilicho (he just died, now its his son) to keep the ERE happy.I can't move any of those legions for fear of attack, and now the Gaetulians in Cydamus have launched an attack with three full stacks on my two under-manned (saving $$ on garrison expenses) African legions - there's some tough fights coming up. I'm surprised the garamantians haven't pitched in yet, since they're at war with ERE but mercifully neutral (yellow face) happiness with me.  On the same turn, my former clients, the Saxons, seceded and declared war.  Unfortunately they helped me wipe the Visigoths out of Greece and Constantinople, and they captured much of the ERE's former territories, so they're quite a threat. Ordinarily I'd get Macedonia (Roman, graeco-roman pagan, religiously tolerant, admires empires, reliable, defensive) to help me sort them out since they're pliable and also control four regions in illyria, but since they're at war with the ERE (which holds virtually all of the middle east except Egypt, having for once wiped out the Sassanids) I can't do that either and I'm likely to be at war with macedon soon also.Words don't do it justice but its an incredibly engaging campaign.  One word of advice if its achievable on harder difficulties (for all campaigns really, not just WRE) is to crank your taxes up to high. Initially it will hurt public order so you should try not to be at war,  but you can save yourself up to -18 (or is it 20?)  (-9 as WRE) in immigration penalties.  Normal taxes give -4 to public order, high taxes give -10.  So you spend 6 public order to gain 9 public order as well as a huge increase in income. It's a great idea but I think its a bit too beneficial to the player once you can pull it off.Whew, that degenerated mostly into my WRE experience but honestly, I don't know if this is the 'best' total war ever as I've had a lot of fun with all of them,  but it is really a phenomenal game, is much better than Rome 2, and i feel sets a new high water mark for the series.  I downloaded the last roman campaign but only played 3 hours so far (seems fun, loving the later time period and new units) and i have the empires of sand DLC but i haven't finished a campaign with it yet.  I tried a couple of starts and the new units definitely make Himyar and Aksum more threatening and the Tanukhids seem like a lot of fun, but I always got stomped early as the Tanukhs. (instead play as ERE and recruit their awesome cavalryt!) . Do recommend.**EDIT** I have subsequently edited this review after discovering some problems.  There are several bugs in the game that are unresolved and are unlikely to be resolved by CA. They're a little devious but can have a very profound effect on gameplay. The first is that a number of traits and retinues appear to have no effect - especially those that give +exp to units. Pankration gloves etc are entirely useless.  Also there is an easily reproducible bug where faction members that remarry the wife of another dead faction member will disappear, yet still be available for employment as a general.  you can never give them offices etc so eventually they accumulate a huge amount of influence and revolt leading to a separatist conflict. There are other problems in charlemagne such as not being able to recruit archers after researching a certain cavalry tech....these bugs have been around for a long time and aren't going to be fixed. This knocks a lot of the gloss off my review - but I tried going back to Rome 2 today and Attila still beats it by an order of magnitude. Also, the encyclopeia isa piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥that doesn't load half the time and takes an age to navigate when it does. Its obscure, difficult to use and doesnt make life easier. Some stats like rate of fire should be on the main unit card not encyclopedia."
76561198007387519,Not Recommended,325610,34215549,Posted: 13 August,all,Afternoon-delight,"In all honesty, it's just an updated version of Total War: Rome II - Emperor Edition.   Naval battles, unit abilities, units, and a plethora of other things are if not identical, very similar to the beforehand mentioned game.   One difference is that food, religion, sanitation, and political figures have a greater affect on public oder.   This makes for a more strategic game!   Another difference is that you have more control over your families choices such as adoptions, gaining political support, embezzeling money, and several others.   This is what makes Attila so much better than Rome II in my opinion.However, because these two games were released ~16 months apart, I feel creative assembly was holding back intentionally for obvious REA$ON$.   It's a good game, I just can't stand how greedy these companies are getting nowadays!Would give this game a neutral recommendation if Steam allowed it."
,Recommended,325610,14511644,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Cobreaker,"So far im enjoying it,It seems SEGA/CA learned their lessons from Rome II,Well done."
,Not Recommended,325610,14762274,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,kitty0706,"I bought this game because the initial reviews were SO positive. I was super hyped to get it and actually had to struggle with Steam Support for one week due to my payment method screwing up. When I was finally able to play I was totally stoked. I didn't buy Rome II due to people complaining about it being unfinished and an unworthy sequel. When Attila was released, many reviews said it might not be worth the full price because it is very similar to Rome II, but it being the improved, more fluent version with a different setting. Since I didn't buy Rome II, I felt like I was on the good side buying this.Well... Apart from the game being too slow, needing a lot of turns to achieve something (especially economically), the  campaign AI is what makes my stomach turn and my heart hurt. I loved Medieval II and the AI was obviously far from perfect, but this? This is a disaster!Enemies that declare war on you don't show up in any way sometimes - leaving you stocking up your defences for no reason. Then again friendly states or trade partners trespass your borders without any notice, although the human player is so neatly informed that such an action might have diplomatic consequences. In this way, military access is basically worth nothing. Then, when they do not have a clear destination for some reason, they either end up marching to and fro on the campaign map until the cycle is broken through some outside force. If that's not what's happening, get used to the army doing the same sh*t for forever. When they do not move around, they simply raid any region they find themselves in; it is literally just as normal as trespassing without notice! No matter whether you are friend or foe, the right to raid seems impeccable. So get used to your allies or even vassals to raid your♥♥♥♥♥and cause economic and civic demise.The other side to this is that enemies that DO actually invade you get stuck in that same action for years, leaving a fully stacked army for minimal effect.What's more is that the coding for sea travel or landing on shore is completely messed up as well. I had two enemy factions from the British isle trying to invade me with two fully stacked armies each, both lead by their high king -  too bad their admirals were too intellectually challenged to get to a coast line where the army can actually leave the ships. And that did not end, they remained on sea until I was done playing this alpha version of a game.Moreover, despite the fact that I love factions to be able to become a horde, abandon home and seek shelter in far away, possibly more fertile lands, everything described above concerning army movement on the campaign map also applies for hordes.And yet, a special place in hell be reserved for the people making the AI raze EVERY F♥CKING SETTLEMENT THEY CONQUER. Literally, I have not seen more than maybe five times that a nearby enemy would actually take over a city. They either sack it, meaning looting goods and getting immediate pay off for their victory, which is the best thing for you to happen since you can keep the settlement and simply repair damaged buildings; or they turn to their favorite habit of razing and thus destroying everything you have raised and invested in in so many weary turns. After a while, you will find that half of all the settlements were razed, leaving them desolate, which in turn requires a ridiculously high amount of money to re-establish - not to mention all the money needed for more advanced buildings. Thus, re-settling in a desolate region is actually incredibly unrewarding and strategically silly.I hope I could give you an idea as to how it feels playing this game right now. These are just the major flaws that drove me really mad, not mentioning the missing diversity between factions' units, buildings or simply their representatives (Western Roman Empire, Gauls, Brits, Roman and Western Roman Separatists have equally looking leaders; same goes for Eastern Roman Empire, Macedonia, Eastern Roman Separatists, Judea and possibly more, only played one campaign)..."
76561198133752608,Not Recommended,325610,15078230,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Alex,"I think that whoever is responsible for the growth of the total war franchise has done a great job. I have been playing on this franchise since it the first rome total war. I just think this game is genius. However, what makes the new total wars  different from the older games are the new features it brings, simply the new stuff. Making someone pay for the base game and the new stuff is just plain stupid. It disgusts me to have to pay 8 bucks to be able to play a faction that is not even new in the game. It's already there but just blocked!!! DlC's kill franchises, for the customer and therefore for the one desperatly trying to squeeze all the money out the love people have for this game.We're in a time where gaming inustries are profit orientated like mad I remember the times where it was about standing out with the best game. I have advice for whoever is in charge, make the dlc's free like they should be and you'l win me back. Hell you'l stand out from those other greedy pigs and people will respect what you do. They'l put trust in you and they will buy your games instead of the other's game. You might even make more money.This is why im going to help you realize this by downvoting this game. Change must happen. And as a customer im giving you help buy making you realize it. I'm calling everyone unhappy with this dlc extortion to inform creative assembly anyway they can."
76561197972869578,Not Recommended,325610,14707557,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Lucky Bastard,"Your limited at every choice. The game becomes boring after 50 turns... Still hate the structure limit in the cities, let's tear down the town hall to build a well. Rome makes the same amount in a turn like a one province faction, ok let's pretend that legit. Only thing i like is the family tree"
76561198273699570,Recommended,325610,29710837,Posted: 4 February,all,Striiik,"Total War: ATTILA is an absolutely amazing game - possibly one of the best in the series. It combines the immense battles of Shogun 2, the breathtaking graphics of Rome 2, and everything else good about the other Total War and just improves upon them.9/10"
,Recommended,325610,14601471,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,[GND] Enad,"Total War has improved drastically with Attila. While it definitely shares mechanical similarities to Rome 2, it honestly feels like a completely different game. Both games should be played independantly, and for different reasons.Rome 2 was very much an empire builder where the goal was to get as big as possible, Attila is definitely more of a survival game.Attila makes many improvements on Rome 2, such as obvious better visuals and improved anti-aliasing. Mechanically it is similar but the Campaign has many improvments including the Family Tree and more diplomacy options. These add to the complexity of the campaign gameplay. Battles are also much harder and have been reworked to be a bit more realistic. Units will route faster but will also return to the fight easier. Fatigue is also much more of an issue.It has one main flaw, the lack of culture types. The game contains many factions from different parts of the known world, but we're missing Celtic, Slavic and Sarmatian units. Instead all Celts use Nordic units, Slavs use German units and Sarmatians use Hun units. It's a bit jarring and makes me miss the diversity of Rome 2, but I'm sure it'll improve in time with patches and DLC.Overall, Attila is a fantastic game, but it isn't a replacement for Rome 2. Both games should be played and enjoyed for different reasons."
76561198065232476,Not Recommended,325610,14780778,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,[One] Steven Seagal,"The game is like a dog♥♥♥♥♥♥covered in gold...looks good from a distance but once you get up close you realize it's still a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥covered in gold.Pros: Graphics are very nice and when the game actually works the game is beautiful, though I am not convinced it's as atmospheric as Shogun 2 during a battle.Cons: I am a big multiplayer person (1600hrs in Shogun 2) and the multiplayer in Attila is slow and boring. Rear cav charges do almost nothing and I have replays of cav charges on standing still cav that kill nothing on the charge. The Co-OP campaign is terribly bugged, there are constant desyncs and the game constantly aborts. My co op friend and I literally did everything to try and resolve the problem but nothing works. Bottom line: another 60 dollars...45 dollars base game and 15 dollars for DLC wasted!!!!Overall: The game suffers from constant bugs for a supposed ""finished"" game. Hell, there are alphas out there that are more polished than this game. I fail to understand how CA can continue to release games and DLCs for games when the base game is still terribly bugged. Granted they will release a thousand patches and the end game will probably be half way decent but intial impressions are everything and CA continues to fail in this dept. I had high hopes for a game that could finally replace Shogun 2 in my mind but this game simply fails to do so."
76561198068347677,Recommended,325610,31170318,Posted: 15 April,all,W33G33 117,"I say I recommend this because this is overall a good game in a franchise the likes of which are few and far between. A new total war player, I have no doubt, will be astonished by the sheer scale of the battles and the mods that make them bigger. However, I have a lot of problems with this game, as a person who started with Med 2 and played all the games from Med 1 - Attila. Before I get into that, I do want to talk about where this game goes right.Hordes - A comeback from Rome 1 that was built heavily upon. If you weren't playing as one of the two halves of the Roman Empire, you likely will play as a faction that starts off as a horde or one that can become a horde. Hordes in Attila are basically a breed of city and army. You construct buildings with money and population surpluses and develop troops to keep it intact. If the army is destroyed, you lose EVERY building in it, dealing a blow to your economy ( or helping it if that horde wasn't contributing to the economy much in the first place) This adds an entirely new way to play Total War, and I found it quite refreshingCivil War, Family, Characters, and Integrity - This can now happen at any time unlike Rome 2 from what I understand (I didn't get that far in Rome 2 yet). if a character's loyalty falls to 0, he will defect and take part of your army with him and form a new faction. If an army's integrity (the new equivalent of public order for armies and navies) falls to 0, part of it will defect, elect a leader, and form a new faction. This can happen several times in a campaign and is logical in its causation. Also, Family tree is back.Atmosphere - It looks like CA really worked to get the feeling of apocalypse, fire, and death into the game. Fire looks friggin awesome, especially at night. Settlements can be set on fire and deal a blow to the defender's morale (and combat skills for somereason...why?)Civilians appear on the battle map, ready for the slaughter. The music, while still not as good as it was in Rome, Med 2, and Napoleon imo, does have that apocalypic, depressed vibe to it, especially in the campaign map. You can now raze regions to the ground, burning all traces of civilation and leaving nothing but ruins for someone else to colonize.Now for where the game falls short...Optimization: Frame rates drop catastrophically in certain situations, mostly in battles, but on the campaign map, the camera enters sudden bursts of movement when I scroll across the map. In battles, if the number of troops goes too high, the game speed will drop horribly. I have been forced to play 4 hour long battles that I knew I could win on the map but couldn't get a victory via autoresolve, and on one occasion, I had to quit the battle because each in-game second lasted 12 SECONDS in real time. I don't have that kind of time lying around all the time, and I sure as hell hate dedicating four hours to a battle with a one hour time constraint. Some of the grandest battles I have played in this game were ruined by game speed drops like this. Granted, this was largely because I had a 4x unit size mod, but I never had that big an issue in similar mods in Rome 2. It's the worst in terms of optimization in this franchise after all the patchwork.The Damn AI - When you talk Total War, you're always going to talk about its consistently bad AI. But I found Attila's a special degree of stupidity. As the Huns, I was attacked next to the Black Sea several times by factions with 1-4 regions from halfway across the continent. Factions with their own homelands to defend will go completely out of their way to relentlessly play cat and mouse with your highly mobile hordes for some reason. If you're not playing as the Huns, they get a special little cheat going their way that consistently spawns full stack armies from thin air just outside your borders if they decide to attack you. As a Roman faction, I don't know how much of a problem that will be (I'm not that far yet), but as a small fry next to their spawn location, it's absolutely ridiculous to be able to pound army after army into submission before their infinite hordes eventually overtake my limited armies and economy before Attila is even born!Enemies are suicidal in battle, always charging their entire army, sometimes including their missile units, into the front of my defensive testudos to get demolished by a hail of arrows and cavalry charges in the back. I have won battles in which I was outnumbered 4-1 this way. In the Last Roman as the Roman Expedition, I conquered half of Africa and reclaimed it for the Roman Empire. They send nothing from their Balkans despite having 8 armies on standby there. That was likely because they were at war with the Ostrogoths who controlled Italy. So I abandon Africa once i destroy the Vandals and move to assist in Italy. The Berbers declare war on us during my evacuation. Rome does nothing as its armies sweep across its new, undefended territory. By the time they mop up the last Roman presence in Africa, I'm bogged down next to Rome. the Berbers take Sicily after minimal Roman resistance and then began to take territory in the Peninsula. I should remind you that the bulk of the Roman Empire's army is still in the Balkans, with one army patrolling the southern tip of Italy, where they are not needed... As you can probably imagine, I was more than a little♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at Rome, and declared independence despite my initial decision in the beginning to remain dutifully loyal to the Emperor and reserve a separate Separatist campaign afterward. Just to give you an idea of why the AI issue must be addressed by CACapture points: The system is still as questionable as it was in Rome 2. If 2 men from 2 different enemy units stands on a capture point, they will capture it in spite of the 160 men in one of my units that is standing in its entirety on it. Tower placement is sometimes ridiculous, placing the capture point in such a way that the attacker can capture it by rushing a horde of units into a defending unit standing in front of the point. Sometimes, the capture point is on an undefendable point. A routing unit can capture. A riderless horse can capture!Naval battles - I like that melee ships are used only for boarding, and ramming ships should only be used to ram, as well as te fact that armies at sea suffer a melee penalty from seasickness, but sometimes, the bugs and AI make the whole thing seem pointless. First, the AI doesn't build much of a navy. Transport ships, for the most part, seem legit enough to it, I guess? At least they're not OP. Sometimes, a man will spawn floating in the water, and for some reason, my artillery ships think its a good idea to target that man instead of the ship he's supposed to be on.Diplomacy: Seriously, wtf does the AI have against trade agreements. Sometimes it makes sense in the context that they don't want help those they hate, but when a trade agreement will bring the AI 3000 talents, there should be no reason not to accept it, especially if they have even a slightly positive attitude toward me. You can extort the system by demanding payment of what sometimes ends up in the thousands for trade agreements or nonaggression pacts. The ERE dissolved the alliance between him and me (the WRE) on turn 1.In conclusion, I am saddened by what looked like CA's apology for Rome 2's release. The features it brought to the table: the fire and horde mechanics, the thought of starting as a vast empire beset by countless issues, and from there watching as my land crumbles until a desperate last stand comes to naught as the vast hordes kill every last soldier, kills every great general that rises to meet them, burns every last building in every last settlement - I guess I was naive to think that kind of quality.This game has its great moments, and new players will still be amazed.But the veteran TW community will be heartily disappointed, having other TW games to play without these issues."
76561197976381497,Not Recommended,325610,14645698,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Sevatar,"I love total war series, but Attila is just a untest product full of bugs. No sooner after three turns, the game started to freeze or crash. Dont buy it until patch is released!"
76561198036806728,Recommended,325610,32651104,Posted: 22 June,all,Pequod,"The game that Rome 2 wishes it could have been. A fantastic aesthetic and theme, with ingenious new mechanics and gameplay I cannot recommend this enough."
,Recommended,325610,28669318,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,-(EverReady)-,Total War: Attila + Mods = Awesome
76561198253310454,Recommended,325610,30430519,Posted: 10 March,all,kaz,"8.5/10This is not best Total War game but it's not a bad game. I recommend this game to Total War fans. Huns are ♥♥♥♥ing great. ""Everybody has value; even if to serve as a bad example."" -Attila the Hun"
76561197990547274,Not Recommended,325610,14566839,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,{GK}Harakoni,"I have been playing the Western Roman Empire for around 19 hours now and while I haven't gotten to the mid game yet I believe I have seen enough to credibly rate this game. This feels like it could have easily been an expansion pack for Rome 2, many voices have been reused and the majority of the game's features are the same with the only main additions being the horde mechanic, religion and the razing of towns. If this was a £15 - £20 expansion pack it would be worth the price, the Westrn Empire is challanging, the new mechanics do add an interesting aspect to the game but releasing it as a full price game with it's own first day dlc feels extremely greedy and a little insulting. (which I deserve mind you for not doing more in-depth research before buying it). I strongly recomend that you wait for a drop in price."
76561198018640667,Not Recommended,325610,14535682,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,poofwizard,"Attila: Total Waste of MoneyThe lastest chapter in the Total War series launches this week with ""Attila"". In this game you pick up as the Roman Empire begins to crumble and the Huns are inmvading from the East. Blah, blah, blah. What we really have is an expansion of the Rome II game that the Creative Assembly wants us to pay full price for. And what do you get for your extra $45? Not much.• The same European map• Only 10 out of 56 playable factions• Basically the same gameplay• And of course the opportunity to pay for more DLCThere is a new feature that Attila adds: The ability to be a nomadic faction, or ""hordes"".  More than just fortifying your army, you become your own mobile city with buildings and such. It IS a cool new feature, but it only works if you don't own a city. Once you ""settle"" and quit migrating, that option is gone.This is a better game than Rome II was at launch, but I for one am sick of buying basically a game skeleton and then having to buy all the pieces to play the full game. Just wait until everything is relesaed for Attila and buy the ""Special Edition"" with all the DLC."
76561198052400388,Not Recommended,325610,15041544,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,glasshanddissolving,"This game crashes every 10 minutes, like clockwork.  That's an impressive feat, considering that Attila is basically a Rome II reskin and that Rome II is now finally stable.  Don't buy anything from this company without at least a year of patches and updates.  Two extremely unstable releases in a row is pathetic.  There are 14 year olds who could write a more stable program.Edit: If you're having the same random crash where clicking on various objects causes the screen to turn black, leaving you with no alternative but ctrl+alt+delete, try typing ""Bcdedit /set IncreaseUserVA 2800"" after running CMD as admin.  It's not an ideal fix, but it worked for me.  I'm keeping the negative review regardless of the work around because releasing a game in this state is pretty weak."
76561197972021646,Recommended,325610,32032558,Posted: 28 May,all,Dude,"This is a massive step in the right direction for the Total War series. If there were any problems on release, I'd say that this game has been patched perfectly since then.Pros:Having played Rome, Medieval 2, Shogun 2, Rome 2, and even Total War: Warhammer - I can say that Attila really feels responsive, thorough, and is now one of my favourite games in the series.The AI is intelligent, the battles feel more chaotic and more challenging, graphics are great, and the two best parts in my opinion are:1. An ally in good standing will actively assist you in war efforts, defensive and offensive. I was actually surprised by how ""realistically"" this happens, depending on the circumstance. I literally had my♥♥♥♥♥saved by allies at least twice, when I was in the deep end. They even take advantage of the ""war-coordination"" feature which was also present in Rome 2.2. The diplomatics are great, with noticeable consequences. Apart from the ""normal"" diplomatic screen, there is also ""in-clan"" diplomatics, where different houses strive for power. This adds a lot of personality to the game.3. Virtually bug-free as far as I can tell, just finished my first campaign, and there wasn't anything that angered me regarding bugs.Cons:As a the units of that time period looked quite similar for all the factions (at least the europeans- whole lotta leather and mail- similar shields etc.) it can sometimes be hard to tell who is who, when zoomed in a bit. Not a big deal though, as every unit has a unit-marker. Though in my opinion, the old system with banners was neater, and more intuitive.The interface on the campaign map can be confusing at first, when it comes to using the more intricate functions of the diplomatics, but you get used to it rather quickly.Playing on ultra-graphic settings, the game will have a tendency to have frame drops when large battles take place. This can be remedied by lowering certain settings (experiment with this one).All in all a game well worth the dosh. Even though there is some DLC, the game feels complete without it."
76561197991366898,Not Recommended,325610,14669004,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Mr. K Trout,Constant crashes. Probably a decent game...if it were in a playable state. Sucks to waste money on garbage.
76561197961522885,Not Recommended,325610,27780924,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Goliath,"I still feel that the game developer should not sell so much DLCs to the supporters of this game franchise. It is like milking the cash cows over small and meaningless items. The franchise is great but the number of DLCs and their qualities are not. In my opinion, these DLCs should be part of the base game.Look at Respawn Entertainment for an instance. They are not selling DLCs to the players but give them for free instead. That should be the right way. Every DLC must be an essential part of the base game."
,Not Recommended,325610,14801122,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Dirk Diggler,"I cant reccomend this game. I feel that it is poorly optimized and that the it doesnt feel like it lives up to the pricetag. The only new addition to Rome 2 is the horde system, which is entertaining but isnt a new concept as it was featured in Rome: Barbarian Invasion. Rome 2 Emporer edition is an empire builder, which is how total war games were meant to be played. Atilla is a survival game, and it just never seemed fun. There just isnt near as much content here as in previous titles. The unit variety is too scarce, and though i wont say the multiplayer is dead, Rome 1 has a larger multiplayer community. Also, with 2 DLCS at release, CA is just whoring content into the game that they clearly left out for DLC. Save your money, dont let the screens or awesome looking trailers sway you into buying this game."
76561197969850566,Not Recommended,325610,14722541,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,esperdiv,"If you're thinking about buying this for Mac; think again.My own experience has been disastrous. Attila crashes the entire iMac (requiring a push of the power button) during all battle sequences, even on the lowest graphical setting. This is despite my computer being well over the recommended specifications (I have an iMac 5K Retina with 32GB RAM, AMD Radeon M295X 4GB and a i7 4Ghz processor).This led me to the support forums of the developer where numerous Mac users complain of crashes (similar to mine on iMac 5k), generally bad performance (when it works at all) and unresponsive keyboard.The developer is not answering support requests on the forum, giving vague canned answers about being ""sorry for the inconvenience"". I've also contacted the publisher, Sega, who have been equalyy unhelpful (communication has just stopped).I tried running the game in Bootcamp, under Windows to see if it were playable. Same crashing errors encountered on every battle. I then made a trip to the Windows forum where I noticed that a lot of people with Radeon video cards were having similar issues, under Windows.I've tried reinstalling a fresh copy of my OS, creating a new user account to test the game, uninstalliing or disabling various software. All in all, after having lost my investment in money; I've also lost quite a bit of time.My enjoyment of this title has been nonexistent."
76561198011324935,Recommended,325610,14581716,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,bear1339,"The I dare say is the best Total War to date. The nay sayers here like one negative review I read  said ""the enemy armies come in and raid me causing instability and then run away before I can fight them its more like Cat and Mouse not Total War"" so he wants a really stupid AI to stand there and raid him while a more powerful army appraoches to destroy it, then complain when it runs sayuing the AI is broken? Ill tell you what I see when that happens I see intelligence a ai seeing its out gunned and with drawing and surviving instead of being slaughtered. Most of the complaints about this game I have seen are completely stupid complaints, ""The games not balanced its not fair"" as some of the trailers stated its not suppose to be fair, I want to fight a terrifying Hunnic horde one that makes me cry for my mama not some watered down hunnic horde that I smack down on my border. The familly tree system is great, the governer system is one of my favorite features, the foods system is much better fluctauting with winter and summer, the army system is great you must watch your army integrety a feature that was not shown in trailers that I saw but is a great one, if it gets low you can order 10% of your legion killed just like real romans did. This is truely a good game hopefully CA doesnt mess it up too much by DLC spam something that might help is maybe making blood and gore free to those who bought it for rome. All in all considering every major deatail I rate this a 8.5/10. Any nay sayers who tell you not to buy this game dont listen to them form your own educated opinion on this games most of these reveiws I have read from the nay sayers are completely false or just more complaining about Rome 2 some of them the stuff they complain about isnt even a major issue making the game have a bad rap when it deserve a good one."
76561198040983686,Not Recommended,325610,14665502,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Dark Angel,"Heads up to everyone reading this, do not buy this game for another few weeks. I pre ordered it and it is borderline unplayable even though Rome 2 played very smoothly. A patch was promised today yet that too has been delayed. It is a brilliant game and I would love to be able to play it but that doesnt seem to be happening any time soon."
,Not Recommended,325610,15097369,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,CFTB_Freedom,DLC whoring. the game is good though
,Not Recommended,325610,15057751,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Taltos78,"Once a great name for games, the total war series, long time ago when you just knew that it would be something worth buying. But now its become the DLC nightmare it is, charging for everything that should have been included from the start.Stop supporting this new era of DLC.I've said it before, and i'll say it again ; if you want some great games, go for rome total war, or Medieval 2 Total war with any mods made for free by genius people all over the world. Much better than this DLC infested crap.So sad.R.I.P. Total war, i will miss you."
76561198053366682,Not Recommended,325610,21510243,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Darkskyder,"IT's about DLC .... $72 ,, for more include $60 of half game .. like hamburger without meat .. only tomato... want more ? pay more ..! lmao !"
,Recommended,325610,32906447,Posted: 27 June,all,Batman,"An actual impressive total war game not just another repeat in a different era.In ATTILA they've added many more game mechanics to the game that i havent seen in any other total war games, this one is definately unique in its own ways and I highly reccommend you check it out while the summer sale is going on."
,Not Recommended,325610,14941296,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Robust_Tomato,shouldve been DLC
76561198016512886,Not Recommended,325610,14758954,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Yann,"You go to a restaurant. You order some nice meatball. If you want rice or potatoes with it, you pay extra, the same goes for vegetables. The creators of Attila, CA, thought exactly along the same lines. Only they serve only half a meatball (without rice or vegetables), and if you want the other half - which you supposed that was what you also ordered and paid for - you will have to pay more and more and get it in bits and pieces.In this case the served half meatball looks great, but the taste is unfortunately well below expectations. Still lots of work to do by CA with patches and updates because the complaints about crashes and slow-running games are legion amongst the unhappy customers."
76561197993005771,Not Recommended,325610,15058606,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Daan,"Looks promising. And it probably is, once they figured out how to make games that do not crash...Not worth the money, wait for them to fix it. But we allready know the now legendary support staff of the total war series. And we all know that it will probably never be fixed, and eventually multiplayer servers will drop. And then, in about 15 years time, somebody will dust it off and put it on sale again for 250 dollars, which will be worth about 5 bucks in todays money. Just like they do with homeworld, dungeon keeper, etc etc.Enjoy your game!"
,Recommended,325610,29209452,Posted: 12 January,all,Matelite05,"This is a 3D detailed strategy game which I bought during the Thanksgiving sale 2016.This was my first Total War game and I'm very pleased with it.I played first as the saxons(barbarian kingdom) to get used to the game.I learned much from playing the campaign as the saxons.Now I'm playing as the Picts(Celts).This is a very detailed game but poorly optimised.-Every faction has their own perks.-Every faction has their own buildings,religion,resource(which you can trade with other factions with who you are friends with)-Diplomacy (I can't explain it because it bould be longer than the review)-Every unit has their own look it's personality (axemen,spearmen,swordmen,cavalry,missile units and many ships which depends on faction).-Every factions has their own tech trees the tech trees the tech trees are civic developments and military developements.Tips:-Axemen are universal almost against all units for example axemen vs spearmen axemen win the same with swordmen but against axemen vs axemen there is a 50-50 chance against cavalry the best is spearmen.-First build up an economy(farms,cultural building or trade with your local neighbours) the money you gained build up an army but don't dismantle your units becuase you might get attacked!-I recommend newcomers to play on easy first if you complete the campaign on easy you are ready to do campaign(s) on normal.-The difficulties easy,normal,hard,legendary Easy your economy is stronger than the enmies,moral bonus for your units and so on.normal it's almost like easy the ai is the same but you don't get bonuses,hard is harder a little bit better ai,legendary you can't save just auto save when you click on the next turn button.-You don't have to go like the history says go and conquer if you feel like it and change history!I'll give this game a 9/10 I highly recommend it.And there are DLC's too I recommend1.Empires of Sand(Himyar,Tanukhids,Garamantians,Aksum)2.Blood and Burning(Graphical improvements which should have been base in the game)3.The Last Roma campaign pack(5 Playable Factions with additional new Units, Tech and Buildings)"
76561198007299642,Not Recommended,325610,15043346,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,[BCMO] buffsboy474,"DLC whoring to the max, average game with boring content for the price."
,Recommended,325610,21037440,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Valayvis,"People tear this game apart because of the rather gross habit Creative Assembly has of releasing overpriced DLC with a lack of content. Now I'm not about to say that they are wrong or that you shouldn't tear this game apart for that. However I am going to say that this is by far one of the most detailed and fantastic Total War games I have ever played.Having just gotten out of Rome 2 and prior to that Shogun 2 Fall of the Samurai with over 700 hours of gameplay between them I wanted a new experience and bought this game on the Lunar New Year sale of 2016 for a whooping $11.24, plus all the DLC for a total of $33.72 USD. Let me be clear this is probably the only way you should buy this game with the DLC, the base game has plenty to keep you interested but the DLC when it is not on sale is ridiculously over priced totalling $109.92 or an even more ridiculous $155.45 AUD.In short, buy this game when it's on sale.Now looking past that this game is amazing, in terms of graphics it's engaging, violent and looks very alive and real. You also get introduced to a whole new level of faction control, a lot of common Total War mechanics like food, religion, your faction's generals and/or nobles as well as your city's infastructure have been revamped to include new levels of detail and challenges, pay special attention to what your religion offers you it can be important.Then there is the 'horde' mechanic wherein you can disband all your settlements and become a fully migratory faction which offers you the benefits of both a city, with a slightly limited recruitment roster, and the mobility of an army.Overall this game offers exceptional detail and of all the Total War games the by far best empire management gameplay; it is absolutely fun, the DLC is just too expensive.Get Age of Charlemagne though, it's amazing."
76561198079546904,Recommended,325610,14568879,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Fancy Schmancy Tomazzah,"You can change the name of your cities to the name of your ex, then abandon the city and then raze it to the ground10/10 would raze that ♥♥♥♥♥ again"
76561198039479430,Not Recommended,325610,14756057,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,CMDR Toshiro Mifune,"No. No. No. No. everyone is in yellow. why? it's a bit better than rome. same kind of boring though. don't bother, it is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ release the least. bugs are maybe down to 50% from r2 release but that doesn't help the experience much. soundtrack is a bit better and reminds me of jeff, but not that good. they tried so much to make the game interesting with the army tweaking and♥♥♥♥♥♥ but NOP. NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOPE. i don't care if i damage the gaming industry like many people would claim, nor i will write an extenssive review, i leave this for reviewers on youtube, i am just a middleclass little-man, and i down vote this game. instead, Europa Barbarorum 2 beta is out for medieval 2, and while unfinished, it is beautiful, and BIG. like, REALLY BIG. wish could put a thumbs up for E.B. but i have to make a thumbs down for this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off c.a. and sega. i will say it again. you don't deserve the heritage of total war titles, sell them to indie companies who might actually make something with them, instead of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥around trying to find ways to sell byproducts. i strognly advice that you download big titles from torrent websites these days for testing, and if you really like it then buy it. it's better to give your money to smaller companies that are full of ideas for really good games. and before anyone asks me then why do you buy them, well i am used to bbuying tw titles since shogun ♥♥♥♥ing one, and i am not whining about it, it's just a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game i whon't play. love and kisses, untill the next piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥the great c.a devs decide to throw at your face."
,Recommended,325610,14512259,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Guvenoren,Attila: Total War is the new installment for the total war franchise.I will make this simple. I will update if needed.Pro's:- Better optimisation.- Much better release!- Wonderful Fire arrows!- Decent quality for bad computer specs.- Campaign changes thats hostorically accurate.- BURN THE CITIES! KILL THE CIVILIANS!- Rome hardest faction!Con's:- Bad unit colors. I personally hate the Roman colors.- We need blood addon!- People continue to rage against the franchise.Please comment on your opinions!
76561198156805456,Recommended,325610,28171857,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Fedayi11,">Play as Eastern Roman Empire>Build up Constantinople>At turn 5 all barbarians blitzkrieg onto my territory.>Able to fight them off>Tanukhids attack Syria and Palestina>Decided to abandon both provinces>Libya rebels from unhappiness>Egypt is attacked by African tribes>Concentrate most of my forces near Greece and Constantinople>Sassanids declare war>Load a save prior to them declaring war>Gift them 5000 gold>They still declare war>Load a save prior again>Give them my daughter>Sassanids fortunetly accept>Sassanids declare war 10 turns later>Sassanids take over Anatolia>Huns finally attack>Lost some towns>Huns siege Constantinople>Battle comes but I have 5 units against their whole army>Game glitches and Huns are stuck outside the gates>40 minutes go by and I automatically win>Huns raid surrounding territories>Go bankrupt>Western Roman Empire attacks a random faction>They demand I join them>I refuse>They break the alliance>Huns are pushed back>Visigoths keep raiding my territory>Visigoths are allied to the Western Roman Empire>I declare war on them>Burn their city to the ground>Western Roman Empire declares war on me>They attack Greece>I take my armies and focus on them>My best general is poisoned to death>Western Roman Empire takes control of Greece>My whole house is dead>Faction falls into civil war>No funds to sustain troops>Roman seperatists ally with Huns>Finally siege Constantinople>Heroically fought them off>White Huns come in and slaughter everyone in Constantinople>Constantinople is razed to the ground>Cry>Only left with a town in Crete and a useless settlement near Libya that no one bothered to take9.2/11 would play again.Pros:-Great graphics-Smart AI-Fun campaign-Challenging even on ""Normal"" difficulty-Unique and immersive factions-New mechanics-Fixed many old Total War problems-Truly apocalypticCons:-Lacking history-Lacking major factions-Battles are still too quick-The developers of the game added many DLC's which feel a like ""pay to play"" (so buy this game and some of its DLC's on sale )Final Thoughts:I've been a veteran Total War player for more than a decade and have played every total war out there. This game is definetly good. The campaign map is beautiful and the raze mechanic is truly a good addition to the Total War series. It's hard even on normal difficulty, and the AI is much smarter than in all other Total War games. Each faction has immersive traits and special missions that make them unique. There are some negative aspects that make the game less enjoyable and if they were improved on, it would make this game perfect. I recommend buying the game on sale and also buying the Empires of Sand and Age of Charlemagne DLC's. Age of Charlemagne DLC feels like a seperate game itself and is like Medieval 3 Total War in some ways. Finally, to make the game truly enjoyable and get rid of some negative aspects, add many mods to it. There's a ton of them on the Steam Workshop and the community has made great mods which I thank them for doing."
76561198091416352,Recommended,325610,24131128,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Inquisitor,In this game you can make Byzantium great again!
76561198133955226,Not Recommended,325610,14656510,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,maxwhale,"I have an hour of gamplay steam says. Actually though, the 1 hour of gameplay is me sitting in front of this screen hoping the game will unfreeze. THat's right, I have not been able to open 1 campaign map or start an actual game. I can get the loading to begin for a campaign game, but once its done loading it sits on the loading screen. Don't buy, Rediculous that you can buy a game and literally not be able to play it. I have a Macbook pro btw.So that my review may be more helpful...Specs of my computer:-MacBook Pro (13-inch, Mid-2010) <----- this may be the problem itself-OS X Yosemite version 10.10.2-my graphics settings are on the lowest-NVIDIA GeForce 320M 256 MB graphics card <----------- this MUST be the problem."
,Recommended,325610,14611065,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,New Age Republic,"~Written 6 days after the game has come out for future reference~Positives:1) The battle AI seems generally improved. They flank with cavalry, go into spaced formation when shot at and have much better pathfinding. Also, they use their abilities more now.2) Politics has been reworked and now is quite in depth, though is slightly confusing at times. Characters can perform tasks such as looking for a wife or stealing funds.3) Unit upgrades have been added to all factions instead of just Rome from Rome II. Through tech your weak levy unit can eventually turn into quite decent units.4) The new siege mechanics of doing fire damage to inflict debuffs or maintaining seige for long enough to open holes in the enemy walls without having to have any seige equipment is useful and interesting, meaning you no linger have to seige them out for the whole 12 turns but can wait 7 and then swarm through the gap that opened up.Neutral:1) Morale seems either too powerful or too weak depending on the situation. Units rout very easily now, which on itself isn't bad, but by manipulating it you can really bully the AI. It rarely defends its general, and killing the general now seems to give a HUGE penalty to morale, so much so that I've seen entire stacks rout once their general dies. Helpful when attacking the AI, but it can be silly sometimes when your own army runs away despite still having full numbers because some unit fired a ""whistling arrow"" at you.2) Razing and sacking is an interesting mechanic which I want to like, and many do and I can see why, but for me it feels kinda pointless. Sacking gives lots of money and is great, but razing barely gives any money and wipes the town from the map, meaning you can't go back and loot it again and overall seems like a waste. Burning your own city to halt the AI or other players also doesn't work or make full sense, as armies don't attrition or take penalties for crossing desolate land, so that town you sacrified to create a buffer can just be walked straight past by hostile armies coming for your remaining places behind it. Plus, the AI is far too eager to raze places for no real reason. Cool mechanic and it has amazingly satisfying graphics when you do, but it just seems strange.3) Diplomacy is either hit or miss. The Eastern factions are all very friendly towards the Sassanids, but if you play anywhere else the other factions tend to hate you inherently. I suppose this is historically accurate, but your actions in game should shape the other nations opinions of you, not just entirely what has happened before you even began. Allies atleast don't seem to betray you.4) The addition of all the religions to the game is sweet and I really like it, but they seem mostly similar and the buffs are small. Celtic Paganism seems to be the best religion, but I only found that out by taking a risk and converting; the game doesn't tell you the benefits of each religion, so its a huge gamble unless you know what you're doing. Still, I like the feature, I just wish it was more important and you could see its influence on your soldiers in battle, maybe by having them shout specific lines such as the good old ""BAAL HAMMON BE PRAISED!!!"" if you convert to Minor Religions or ""FOR TOUTATIS!"" if you are a Celtic Pagan, especially as they must still have the audio files from Rome II. Religion specific units would be nice too, so we could see Naked Warriors, Christian Zealots, Beserkers and all other unique religious units.Negatives:1) Imperium seems to be locked to tech now, which makes little sense and can ruin your plans. Instead of you becoming more impressive and feared as you get bigger, you get more scary simply be having more techs. This might not sound bad, but when you are a measly village in East Poland who researches Goat Herding and suddenly the world declares you some form of super powered apocalypse it makes little sense. It will increase even if it is only civic tech, and the penalty for rising imperium is huge, so much so that anyone except the Sassanids will quickly find that all their neighbours now refuse to enter diplomacy with them due to the huge debuff to opinion. To stop everyone from hating you, you purposely need to stagnate your tech, meaning your buildings and units will be low tier unless you man up and tech up and face the consequences of learning the dreaded doomdevice know as BASIC SANITATION! THE HORROR!2) The AI seems to be ruggedly determined this time around. When war is declared, it will generally only end when one of you is dead. I've seen the Parthians off in the very east of the map bullet for 17 turns straight to Belgium to take out a wandering horde that entered loot stance in its land at the start of the game, and thats just once example. It will disregard its home situation and come straight for its opponent. This can often be seen the best with the East Romans, who will neglect their entire empire just to chase some 3 unit horde across Egypt. The effect seems doubled against human players too. I've seen that many players say that as the Huns, who start in Ukraine, all they've had is constant harrassment from the Ostragoths, who start in Greece. I've had this too, and they ignore the huge and ripe empire on their doorstep and rush straight to the middle of nowhere to attack you. It makes little sense and is actually quite annoying. Basically, the AI needs to learn priority rather than reckless agression, as it often screws itself in the process of trying to madrush whoever it doesn't like. Its funny when you are the Sassanids and can command your huge legions of vassal AI to swarm across the map for you, but everyother time, whether you're the migrating Geats in Morocco still being haunted by the Angles for no reason, or just one of the Romans watching your sister empire collapse as it runs off into the steppe, it will likely confuse and annoy you.3) The AI also seems to get a large, almost cheating bonus to its economy. Admittedly I play on Very Hard so it might be expected, but watching Youtubers and my friends on easier difficulties, as well as a coop campaign on Hard, the AI really must be magical. Very early in the game you will see 1 province minor nations toting 2 or sometimes 3 full stacks of units, including large amounts of mercs. By turn 5 no 1 province nation will likely have the economic power to do this, as the ai never optimises its buildings as a player would, and seen as villages only have at max 3 workable slots (The village itself takes one) and a food building is an absolute must to not have your army attritioning and even upkeep buildings, they either get a magic +200 food or +8000 a turn, possibly both. Its not so much of a problem as the armies are rarely filled with good units as the ai never builds good military recruitment buildings, but having 3 stacks sent at you from a tiny nation is strange nontheless, and if a coalition of AI attacks it can be almost comical to see 12 stacks arrive simultaneously to attack you. I've also noticed that the Celtic nations of Britain, as well as some German nations, don't take snow attrition even when not camped or fortified. Perhaps this is intended, but it seems strange when every player faction expect the Geats do.4) Being a migrating horde seems far better than being a settled power. Infact, you can even recruit much better units as a horde than you could as a settled faction at times, which seems off. Each horde army can build 10 buildings, while a city can build only 5 if you don't include the city itself, or even only 3 if it also has a port and a resource. So these hordes can economically outproduce settled civilizations, but it doesn't stop there. They can replenish anywhere simply by entering a stance that costs only 1/4 movement, recruit very elite men and don't have to deal with sanitation or unhappiness like a settled civ. It makes them fun to play, but also makes settled civs pointless."
,Recommended,325610,33665398,Posted: 19 July,all,Jesus - Find me on YouTube,Suitable for all men who are happy to see the world burn.
76561197971058124,Not Recommended,325610,29552959,Posted: 28 January,all,TobeZ,"With strategy defined as the link between political objectives and military means, Total War: Attila fails as a strategy title by being fundamentally flawed in both areas.On the side of political objectives, the greatest problem is that it is simply impossible to achieve the game’s greatest victory type with any faction that begins with their capital in a smaller settlement rather than a larger city. In order to achieve the greatest victory, the player is required to construct a specific end-game building in their capital, yet this building can only be built within a city. With the player left without a method of relocating their capital from a settlement to a city, the player is left permanently unable to fulfil that victory condition.Concerning military means, and taking the usual Total War brand quirks as given, expect your experience to be frustrated by the following issues, to name but a few. On the campaign map, clearly encircled enemy armies retreat directly through those of the attacker, rendering grand manoeuvre worthless. Additionally, certain unit battlefield special abilities are governed by senseless game mechanics. For example, it is possible for an individual archer (individual meaning single person armed with a bow in this case) to fire a single poison arrow which, should it strike an individual in a target unit comprising of 120 men, will result in 40% of them dying due to the application of a poison debuff. This will occur irrespective of the target unit’s armour value, missile block chance, shield strength etc. Finally, ranged units capable of firing over friendly units standing 20 ranks in front of them choose instead to unleash volley after volley of assorted projectiles directly into the backs of their comrades. This happens even more frequently with melee units armed with secondary projectile weapons.In summary, this game is a wasted opportunity to cover an interesting and incredibly violent period in history. Its execution, however, is poetically reminiscent the tact and finesse of the Vandal’s sacking of Rome."
76561198180500999,Not Recommended,325610,14638203,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,TigranTheGreat,"can you please optimize the game before trying to release DLCs?  I have a overclocked MSI GTX 970 and the game runs very bad. I get around 35-40 FPS on high settings (not extreme or very high) and guess what, i get he same FPS on low quality and i get very similar results running it on extreme. So this tells me that the game is very poorly optimized. I mean i get it all you care about is that $45 and the DLC money because profit over everything, but come on! have some decency and stop trolling with Total War gamers. And please don't give me that ""Ment for future GPU"" baloney.Thank You."
,Not Recommended,325610,17524260,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,xXninja_manXx,"This game is very much just a reskin and added details to the Rome 2 ""Original"" the game still lacks Free for All gamemode which dissapoints me and I'm sure many others. I suggest not purchasing this game unless your a die hard fan of the Totalwar series a much better buy would be Rome 2 which in my oppinion is still a much better game than Atilla."
,Recommended,325610,34317237,Posted: 17 August,all,Mr.Faptiful,Game is good. But gosh i hate the pathfindings in sieges. I dont play vanilla attila anymore after i got rekted by huns. Mods in this game are INSANE! The mods in this game are one of the biggest reasons why you should play this game :D
76561197994992427,Recommended,325610,14562107,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Sergeant James Dunril,"This game is a thoughtful exploration of the Dark Ages and the Fall of the Roman Empire, by turn 50 in Hard Difficulty I was struggling to keep my viking conquests good, having to abandon settlements and get a more concise bit of territory to hold. It's got elements of Rome 2 in it, but overall there are massive changes. It's a very good total war game, I'd suggest buying it for all my buddies and anyone that likes my review. If you like Total War, you'll like this game. It's atleast 3x better then Rome 2."
,Not Recommended,325610,14783850,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Romanus,"After countless hours of all previous Total War games and much experience in strategy games, after only a brief few hours of Total War: Attila is enough to put it back in the box. I found the game lacking in new features, way too much attention to detail and a horrible user interface. Even with the reduced price compared to the other Total War games, this is still not a decent pickup until it is heavily patched and it goes on sale, kind of the same situation as Rome II, which turned out to be a decent game after many patches and a load of Steam Workshop additions. I found myself, after only 2 and a half hours of playtime on the day it came out, instantly returning to the beloved Shogun 2."
,Not Recommended,325610,16538425,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,kowalification,"This game is a pure mission pack sequel.What's ridiculous is the fact that many aspects of the game are blatantly WORSE than in Rome 2: Emperor Edition.They actually made an enhanced edition for Rome 2 that fixed almost everything wrong with it, and now... This. It will not improve, because they just announced Total War: Warhammer.Unit control AI is RIDICULOUS now. It fails at pathfinding when you send in more than one unit at a time. Sieges are thus made obnoxiously hard.I appreciate  the fact that the grand strategy elements are a solid improvement over Rome 2's... But the AI in battle mode is blatantly worse than what they offered with Rome 2 Emperor Edition, and makes the game nigh-unplayable. I've stopped playing it, in fact, and will be getting back to Rome 2, despite the fact that the Horde mechanics actually make playing an underdog fun (In Grand Strategy mode)Also, CA seriously underinvested in rosters. All of the breakaway factions look EXACTLY like their parent faction. Not only historically ludicrous, but also a blatant cashgrab. There are NO possible breakaway factions from the middle east. None whatsoever. You can't even liberate multiple settlements in a region belonging to a breakaway faction if you want to build up a strong ally. You didn't even offer us Arab factions as DLC.So... Can't liberate the Graeco-Bactrians or Kushans from the Afrighids. Can't find a bunch of Greeks in the Sassanid Empire to put in charge of a renewed Seleucid Empire. And, to put salt in an already gaping wound, it wouldn't make any point, because all of the minor factions in the game are the same as the major factions.All of the DLC is... Meaningless. There's no point to playing this game if you have Rome 2: Emperor Edition. None whatsoever. Get that instead. Despite its flaws, it's a better game with higher production values. I can't believe I paid full price for this piece of *ahem*.Please, someone, kickstart a game that offers a better experience than this. I don't mind bad graphics, I really don't. What I do mind is the fact that Attila: Total War is nothing but a dress rehearsal that we, the dwindling fanbase of Total War, had to pay a pretty penny for, when it, like Rome 2: Emperor Edition, ought to have been made available for free or at least at a reduced price, as a concession to long-suffering fans who honestly wanted a game that would be good at launch and improve over time.I will not be buying Total War: Warhammer at launch. Not by a long shot. I will wait for at least a year before buying it, so  there will at least be proper AI mods and whatnot. This game is, like Rome 2 at launch, a black stain on the reputation of Creative Assembly. It's a travesty, and I cannot for the life of me imagine what CA thought when they released this game. Was it because they were pressured by Sega?You screwed us over, CA, and it's pretty clear you're going to drop the ball pretty quickly, since this is a B-release. It was never intended to have the production values of a Rome or Medieval game. To make us pay full price for this travesty at launch was an insult to your fanbase, and you should probably switch publishers or self-publish. You've grown too big, too complacent. It's time to dial back and focus on delivering a game fans want to play."
76561198100668998,Not Recommended,325610,15086600,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Badviper2,"Alittle over a month from launch and they already have released 4 DLC's for this game. and they arnt expansion sized DLC but factions and blood. stuff that is already implemented into the game and purposly left out to make more money. it sucks that they are doing this because i love the series and enjoy playing differnt factions but i refuse to pay for these factions. DLC should be used for actual work put into the game after launch like a campaign. instead DLC is being abused to the point where they are selling everything in small chunks for a price. as of right now 9 cultures are 23.97 before tax. i payed alitle over 40 for the game. 10 factions came with the base game INCLUDING a game that they put time into. i had no problem paying 40 for the amount of content i recieved but i wont pay half of that just for new factions. please cut back on the DLC craze you have entered, its disgusting."
76561198393471696,Recommended,325610,33300762,Posted: 5 July,all,Ligon Flarius,"To me this is surely the best Total War game in terms of mechanics, even though I still like the ancient history better. It annoys me, though, how much Total WarTM has totally transformed The site into a Warhammer page. Like if all other games except Warhammer are unimportant.That leaves me wondering how much effort/attention they must be putting into improving fixing errors, etc, of games that aren't Warhammer... ¬¬"
76561197970797008,Not Recommended,325610,14663688,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,wiziwig,Some Enemy ships stay stuck just infront of the beach and do nothing. I cant attack them even with ranged units. The units on ship dont disembark.+My units won't disembark.STAY AWAY!! Unplayable until they fix this bug
76561198004961398,Recommended,325610,25195912,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,halfking,"I've played every Total War game from the first Shogun up to this, and I'm surprised to say that this might be my new favorite.-The 'abandon settlement' and horde mechanics add a lot to the survival theme of the game. The Huns razing settlements and migrating factions effectively make the map smaller and smaller as the campaign goes on, and this greatly changes the Total War gameplay from previous games.-Settlement destruction during battles is something that past Total War games have been desperately missing, and it is pretty great to watch a town burn as you besiege it. Same goes for lighting a forest on fire with your enemies inside of it during land battles.-The diplomacy system seems significantly better than previous games.-Different factions feel unique in their gameplay.-The 'chapters' style of segmenting the campaign work much better than they did in Rome 2, and gotta say that I love the cinematics quoting revelations.-The Huns are very OP, but they're supposed to be. They're the Huns.-Graphics are fantastic.I legitametely can't think of any cons to this. If your main complaint about this game is the DLC, then... you're dumb. Just don't buy it, or get it on sale like I did. Weirdos."
76561198031440741,Not Recommended,325610,21489399,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,GaoChow,"I want to like this game. The horde system is cool and the Legacy system for armies is likewise cool but that's about it for me. Attila total war is essentially an over-priced expansion to Rome 2 (Another game with bugs and left unfinished by the developers). I decided to write this review because I just bought the game with all DLC for about 30 bucks and then they release new DLC. The developers have really lost their way and I speak for most TW fans when I say this, we are all just waiting for a better alternative.Do yourself a favor if you're looking at getting this game:1. Play Rome 2 instead.2. Play the best-made TW games (Medieval 2 or Shogun 2)3. Ponder the notion of having to buy a 'Blood and Gore' DLC for a war game. Think about that for a minute. Let it sink in that blood and gore, something unmistakenly intertwined with war, is treated as a DLC in the last two TW games. If you think about this for more than a minute you should start getting righteously♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and refuse to buy it."
,Not Recommended,325610,23044968,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,SergyP,"I own several of the Total War titles, and love most of them. Unfortunately I can't recommend this one due to the constant crashed and bugs. There is virtually no support at all and most of the bugs have been around for a very long time, so it is almost sure that they will not be fixed.Stay away from this game, spent a good couple of dozens of hours on it just to find out you can't continue because of poor engineering is extremely frustrating."
,Not Recommended,325610,14731545,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Szarekh The Silent King,"I'ts very close to a yes. But (you'll see this ALOT in other reviews) they released two culture packs within a week of release and they will make us buy blood, too. They are selling you an incomplete game here for some reason. I love total war but this is terrible. And there is a bug or glitch I don't know for me (It's a little thing but it drives me CRAZY) where nobodys face or mouth moves when people talk in deplomacy. It feels flat."
76561198160030337,Not Recommended,325610,15059049,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Taranowskyj,"Prior to purchasing my Macbook Pro, i played Attila on my old Samsung laptop which had decent enough specs for its age.  Although the graphics settings were low and it was sometimes a tad laggy, it was still very much playable.  However, now since installing on my Mac (with far superior specs) I have had numerous problems.  DLC not showing in steam library (but showing in game) is the least of my worries.  Once I have loaded the game I find it impossible to start a new save with any faction, without the game encountering an ""unexpected error"" and crashing.  Attila is quite literally unplayable for a number of people, particularly Mac users, though upon checking the TW forums I see that a number of Windows players are encountering problems with crashing after the latest updates.My advice: don't waste your time and money.  Until CA decide to pull their fingers out and iron out these problems, the game is literally unplayable for a number of people.  The support from CA is literally non-existent, so I, and no doubt many others, are likely to be sat here in the dark trying suggestions of fixes from other gamers (that have yet to work) and hoping that the problem will be fixed by the next update; whenever that is.  It isn't worth the risk."
,Not Recommended,325610,14720182,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Everlands,"Okay, so here you have a total war game, alright cool. But the thing is with this is just, it's just that if you just put the other factions into this game it might just have made more people happier with the corperation and this gaming seires, now don't get me wrong here, it's a OK game, but it's not fantastic, with those who didn't even purchase the dlcs so you could get more people to play as you get 4 factions to place with, thats it 4, it gets a little repetitive, and boring as every gameplay you do is either similar to your last or you just so happened did what you did last time playing this game, now there are factors that i enjoyed in this game though, 1 would be the survialbility aspect to the game, wanting to survive Attila, that atleast gives you something to look forward to, but when it came after like 897 turns it felt to expected, not very intertaining, something that was just to easy to predict, so in the end I'd say if you would want to get this game really I'd wait till it's on sale, for instance ROME II was for sale for 17.97 last time there was a sale, and for the DLC never purchase them unless they are like 1.00 because honestly it's just overpriced and not worth paying 7+ dollars for something they should of just added to the game in the first place"
76561198043958616,Not Recommended,325610,14953459,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Lei Ding Dong,"In just under a F*CKING month, they somehow managed to release 3 DLC'S which include FACTIONs THAT ARE SUPPOSED TO BE IN THE GAME IN THE FIRST PLACE. For 8 bucks EACH. Unbelievable. Despite it all, the game introduced interesting mechanics to the heavily wounded franchise. F*ck you, CA and SEGA."
76561198089260484,Not Recommended,325610,15053688,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,attak87,I hope one I buy this I'll have to rebuy the blood mod and about 30 faction DLC's...THANKS SEGA!
76561198052240531,Not Recommended,325610,15048873,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Mcxar,Im tired of your♥♥♥♥♥♥SEGA!
76561198008343774,Not Recommended,325610,14518939,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Third Charm,"Good new features, worthy of a real stand-alone game. But the game is so annoyingly bugged and unbalanced that it's better to wait for a patch.Tried playing as Jutes first round. Within a couple of turns Brittania declares war and parks a fully equiped, only heavy units army in my area, and does nothing.. just sits there.. this while their homeland is destroyed and conquered, but apparently thats not an incentive to return home. In the meantime you stand no chance because you can only recruit amazingly weak levy units until you research some tech, which takes at least 30 turns until you got some the right ones. You may stand a small chance in a def. siege battle, but like i said the ai does noting but sitting out of range and fortify. So i was stuck/bored and decided to try again.Second round the Angles declarded war early on and parked TWO bloody armies in my territory.. doing nothing.. just standing there.. doing nothing.. just waving their middlefingers gently in the air. And because you can field and substain only 1 levy army you, again, stand no chance and you're stuck.Also migraiting = instant bankruptcy. And for some reason the game randomly freezes when it's my turn.in short: PATCHPATCHPATCHPATCHPATCHPATCHPATCHPATCH**edit**Other things:- AI spams raze button. In the time that Attila arrived, the whole of europa was a smoldering wastland with only 15% of its regions inhabitat.- Even on normal/hard neutral states, Allies and tribute stats from al over the world randomly declare war, even if you have a good relation with them. Example: i played the Eastern Roman Empire and out of the blue the Ebdanians, who i had a trade agreement with, declare war (they're in modern Ireland).GODDAMN DLC'S already coming out even before they released a patch, ♥♥♥♥ing10 euro for 3 factions who's code was already in the game. You just pay 10 euro to unlock it. THE GAME ITSELF COST 40!  And it's already just a ripoff from Rome 2 with some extra features. And the Steam workshop doesn't even open for 3 months., probally after most of the dlc's have come out. ♥♥♥♥ you CA & Sega, i was a loyal TW fan since Rome 1 but you've lost me for now, this is just insulting.  Pleas change this scumbag bussines model.If you buy this game pleas wait for a sale, or for those wonderful modders to have created their overhauls etc."
76561197981159559,Recommended,325610,26208969,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,TheUndeniableOrange,"Initially had this rated badly but I've come around.  It's quite a bit of fun.  If you haven't played Rome 2 like I haven't, I recommend playing on Easy or Medium at first because it is very different from Rome and Medieval 2.The desert nations DLC is pretty sweet."
76561198079509863,Recommended,325610,15698883,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,blastslide,"I want to start by saying, that despite buying this game with incredible skepticism, this turned out to be the most fun  I have ever had in a grand strategy game.  This game returns to the roots of the original Total War, and makes more inovations to the series and RTS genre than any other game in the Total War Series.Campaign-----------+ Weather is dynamic and strong winters have the potential to wipe out entire armies+ Great Migrant and Barbarian Horde factions roam the map sacking settlements and razing entire provinces+ Ships and Land Units travel realistically. The powerful viking navies will be restricted to travel through currents+ Britain is now a 4 way warzone between Vikings, Celts, Romans, and Barbarian Tribes+ Legendary Challenges trying to set up new kingdoms over a devastated Europe (by the time Atilla takes power in 422 over 100 regions will be razed and uninhabitable)+ Moderate sized factions can produce a dozen armies over time+ A new war economy allows any faction to make 100,000's quickly solely off of warfare alone+ Sacking cities yields nearly double the gold it did in Rome II, with perks allowing even greater loot+ You can now conscript captives into your armies after a battle to replenish numbers+ After a battle, you can sell captives back to their faction for money+ Integrity system has a major role on how your armies and legions operate in foreign lands. They are more likely to do dishonarable things, like hold off on giving you loot and raiding lands, if you let their integrity fall to low+ You can decimate legions in order to restore integrity+ The map has been extended to include more parts of modern day Russia+ As civilization begins to fall, new factions will quickly arise such as Britain, Gaul, Pontus, Macedonia, Illyria, ect.+ Armies, Cities, and Characters can be renamed. For example, you can take Constantinople and rename it Byzantium+ Capitals now exist which support certain buildings exclusive to the province+ New Architecture can be found on the map including the wall seperating the Picts from civilized Britain+ Land fertility FINALLY exists. Not all land produces the same amount of crops+ Barbarian societies do not have military chains. Instead, regular building chains allow unit recruitment- They took away northern Afghanistan from the campaign map (for those who want to play as Indo-Greeks)- It is very difficult to create a trade powerhouse, unlike other Total War games- Resources have less strategic importance, mostly as a result of the decline of trading- The devastation of the campaign map, combined with the extremely high costs of colonization, makes expansion drudgingly slow.Unique Campaign Battlefields--------------------------------+ Certain cities, fields, towns, and ports are custom designed by CA and can't be encountered twice on the campaign map (see below)* The Nile* The Tiber* Black Sea (specific area)* Cap Bon (specific area)* Mediterannian (specific area)* Abarsharar* Ancyra* Caesaria Euesabia* Casurgis* Constantinople* Corduba* Ctesiphon* Edessa* Kath* Londinum* Ravenna* Roma* Tuessis* Abursis* Vesontio* Zafar* Alia Capitonia* Asturica* Belz* Domavia* Harev* Hira* Iconium* Payttakaran* Petrodava* Siscia* Turonum* Virunum* 5 different unique land battles which can be encountered on the map* 8 different unique port cities (cannot access the list)+ The unique campaign battlefield modification will likely inspire mods for the other cities not designed by CA- The price to pay for all these unique cities and towns is that generic city maps off the list reoccur more often than Rome IIBattle-------+ Units have more abilities and formations+ Units now spread out during engagements and pick targets, reminescient of the duels that took place in Shogun+ Cities and Towns can be completely destroyed and devastated during the course of a battle+ Defensive Positions now exist in sieges which can yield negative effects on the enemy if taken+ Barricades now exist in town and city battles+ Less units than Rome II, but they are more specialized and unique+ Second tier units no longer look like lazy reskins+ Civilians occupy battlefields. They will either skirmish your troops, run for safety, or huddle up to be slaughtered+ Artillery Barges with high ammunition allow you to devastate any coastal city with zero loss of life (in retrospect this can annoy some people)+ Pikes and spears are no longer unrealistically OP against melee troops+ Melee troops will fall back naturally on your spear units without having to order them to do so+ Fear and Morale has a greater impact on the course of a battle than the actual fighting. Vikings and Huns can rout entire legions by massive use of fire and shock tactics+ While exploiting defensive formations is still possible, a concentrated force can break a tightly compact formation without losing 90% of the army. This is the greatest improvement of the game.+ While minor factions can still produce hordes, the new realistic unit stats make it so a  levy is not balanced with a Roman cohor.+ The alliance setting will color enemies based on their allegiance as either a player, ally, or enemy+ Kill animations!- The morale effects of devasting a city during battle are slightly OP. An elite unit with high morale will lose 1/3 of his attack and defense if the city is in ruins.- The only units which can defend a barricade are archers. Spears are incapable of stabbing units horded around the fortification- The defenses in siege battles are oddly positioned. There are archer towers in the most vunerable places, and never near the town hall, capitol, or millitary camps where it is most defensible.- Combat could still use some work in areas. Without mods, many units will still kill by swinging their sword into the air.- It would be nice if you had some decent pike units to counter the Steppe tribes. Pikes are not overpowered in this game, but I still believe their abscense is a result of complaints from Rome II.Religion---------+ There are many new religions such as Latin Christianity, Greek Christianity, Graeco-Roman Paganism, Germanic Paganism, Celtic Paganism, Zoroasteranism, Manachiesm, and Tengri.+ Each religion has its own chain of buildings+ Priest units are back+ When 30% of your population worships a non-state religion, you can convert to that religion- There is no incentive to be a certain religion besides reducing discontent and improving relationships, since most building chains operate with the same rewardsPolitical System-----------------+ There are now three new political meters. Dominion, Control, and Power.+ Dominion is the loyalty and control you have over your statesman, generals, and office holders+ Control is your popularity and influence in the senate or tribal council+ Power is the combination of your dominion and control. Being to weak will cause internal factions to try and rise up the ranks, while being to powerful will cause resentment and campaign penalties+ Intrique returns greater than ever. Every character in your faction, which is usually around 40 midgame, has a certain amount of loyalty, influence, and ambitionb. Unloyal characters will try to defect from your faction, or work against you on the political scene. Influence is a currency system which grows based on a characters office, and allows them to commit intriques. Characters with high gravitas, which represents power, are more ambitious, and will try to cheat their way into office, or even the throne.+ The new intriques include* Assasination* Secure Loyalty* Arrange Marriage* Divorce* Seek Wife* Diminish Popularity* Adopt* Become Retainer* Embezzle Funds* Gather Support"
,Recommended,325610,16886950,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Mostly Nice,"This is the total war game I've been dreaming of. Yes, CA are still ♥♥♥♥♥s and ofc I bought the blood & fire DLC - I accept that as humbly as one can. But the game it's self is perfect. It's not just a re-branded Rome II, it's entirely different in game play and strategy. Whilst set in the roman era, it includes familiar names and places which is nice, since the learning curve is already steep but with the implementations of all the factors that made Rome 1 enjoyable. I bought the game expecting to be a DLC for Rome II but what i got was a new, fresh game with all the fixes I could of asked for and more. If you're on the fence about this one, take the leap and get it already. Any total war fan would not be only be surprised how good this one is but also overwhelmed since expectations of the developer have been so low in recent years.9/10 (would 10/10 if not for blood & fire DLC)"
76561198031597791,Recommended,325610,30201982,Posted: 26 February,all,=💥SC00P💥=,"Total War Attila is what Rome2 should have been!You might say that Attila is kind of the 'advanced user' version of Rome2 which focuses primarily on challenging the player on the campaign map. In Rome2 the biggest threat to the player on the campaign map were overpowered agents which the AI remorselessly used without any financial boundaries! Especially, the vanilla Wrath of Sparta campaign DLC comes to mind here, where it is seriously impossible to move an army without immediately getting jumped by several agents at once what turned moving 5 meters into battle into a really tiring and frustrating marathon!However, Attila dramatically excels here with intelligent and interesting design choices to make the campaign map part or empire managment, however you wanna call it, a more challenging experience! This ranges from army integrity, family trees, internal influence and dominion to attrition effects which become more and more severe the farther you go in your grand campaign. Not to mention, Attila himself and the huns and other roaming hordes which make defending your empire even more difficult.Total War Attila seems to be an attempt by CA to please those who complained about the lackluster and streamlined approach they took in Rome2 where it was often good enough to simply build the same old temple for public order and move on.Conquering the entire map is now definitely not that easy anymore!Besides CA's usual questionable DLC practices I am really quite happy with what they did with Attila! The good easily outweighs the bad in TW:Attila which is why I recommend it and look forward to deeper and more demanding TW 'HISTORY!' games in the future!"
76561198016642627,Recommended,325610,14593569,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Zbug,This is what Rome 2 should have been.
,Recommended,325610,23520511,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Adamantive,"TotalWar: ATTILA + All DLCsAlright so this is the successor of Rome 2. The next TW Title right after Rome 2. The next big thing after Rome 2.I think it has delivered everything it was supposed to. ( I know many people disagree ) But its the small things that make this TW Title interesting. For instance, Political System Overhaul, Family Tree UI is back!, New Horde Gameplay Mechanics, Beautiful Graphics Improvement, and the platform for a dark and dying world where the Roman Empire is divided ready to be ravaged by foes from all sides. Great setting I say. However there are some issues I found that were a bit annoying, like Tier 1 and Tier 2 Units have low morale, like really low, one charge from the rear by a ShockCav and it would send them wavering like crazy. Also the campaign map difficulty has been revamped to be so hard, like Food requirements and PublicOrder are a chore to maintain, which is a good thing because nobody wants to steamroll everywhere. But for players who start out with Attila may find a long learning curve in front of them especially when it comes to Campaign Map Gameplay. But its all for the greater good anyway, and that is to create a new experience in the world of TW:ATTILA. So the factions are quite rich in setting and cultures do have interesting traits to start out with. DLCs are okay as well, I would like to commend the DLC AoC, nothing but fun there. It is also tooltip paradise for people wanting to get info on this and that. Oh and btw, the mod support for this game is stunning! Gives the game so much hours to play with. Mods like Medieval Kingdoms 1212 AD or Divine Roman Empire Mod are excellent examples. Ultimately its a solid addition again to the franchise. Good AI (on Very Hard Settings), Excellent ModSupport, Diverse Campaign Sessions, Beautiful Graphics and freaking Vikings! What else can I say :)Overall Rating: 9/10"
76561198168902079,Recommended,325610,14553868,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,GrimmCro,"They said he would be unstoppable.They said he would bring the end of days.They said he would be the scourge of God.Alrighty then.  So I packed up my Geats and relocated to Brittain, took Scotland, then Ireland then Wales and then finally pushed into Britain until what was left of them fled to the Spanish peninsula.  So come on Attila, bring it.  We shall fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing grounds, we shall fight in the fields and in the streets, we shall fight in the hills, we shall never surrender.That is, until politics gets in the way and I get back stabbed out of power.11/10 would reinvent the United Kingdom"
,Recommended,325610,30942890,Posted: 4 April,all,Straitjacket Samurai,"Basically ""Dark Ages: Total War"" or ""Fall of Rome: Total War,"" so if you're into Visigoths, Anglo-Saxons, or Christian Rome, this game is a good buy for the Total War fan.  It's the perfect game for anyone who wanted to command a barbarian horde and wage a LITERAL scorched earth campaign.Great game, but it pushes the capabilities of it's engine a little too far.  You'll likeley run into a few performance hickups at higher settings, even with a sweet rig.Still a great game, though.  Highly reccomended.  Just don't expect to run it on a toaster."
76561197976057193,Not Recommended,325610,15044090,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,akkingcola,DLC bullSh*t
76561198006773050,Not Recommended,325610,18222871,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,TargetStalker,Plain and simple. It is a money grab on a loyal fan base. I am officially done with Total War. I have played the series since Shogun.  Rome and Attila have done nothing but ruin the series. I bought Rome 2 and it was plagued with bugs from release. Even with bugs rampant they released DLC and almost a year to patch the bugs. Sega and CA are on my do not buy list. Our pockets do influence these companies and we need to let them know where it hurts.
,Not Recommended,325610,15418384,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Bulldog,I love the total war games they have all been wonderful however if they continue relicing these games half finished then selling the DLC for cultures that should be included in the game I will be forced to stop buying this developers products. Its just bad buisness and insulting to mthe consumer.
,Recommended,325610,14522152,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Ser Tuna of Pickleshire,"So after the catastrophe that was the release of Rome 2 everyones wanting to know if this is better. Well, I think getting run over is better than Rome 2's release, so obviously it is better. Rome 2 did get fixed up but it took a hell of a long time to get it right. But yes, this is better than Rome 2.THE GOOD:In fact, the campaign is absolutely fantastic, it's got the best atmosphere of any total war game I've played, obviously I am likely to edit this review as I sink more hours into the game, so far my first campaign as the Geats (a DLC Viking faction) has been enjoyable, sailing around, plundering wealthy coastal settlements and generally not giving a f*ck (stealing money, send it to strengthen my capital and smoke weed everyday).However, I dabbled a little bit with the other factions campaigns and there is a so much diversity in the general feel of each group of factions. You can feel playing as the Romans that their days are numbered and it's damage control from the get go, the  Sassanids are the new big power and are ready to rise up and become a dominant force and replace the old, frail empires in the west. The barbarian tribes have a fight for survival, scrabbling to hold their lands against the behemoths that are both Roman Empires, but the threat of hordes coming and destroying your lands and your people is ever constant, so you always have a lot to think about. The hordes are well, hordes. You are what keeps the 'civilised' people awake at night, especially as the Huns who can't settle, only loot and raze.Sieges are an absolute delight as well, the defenders being able to craft barricades in the street really adds another dimension, the fire spreading throughout the city is great to watch, while the defeneders have the strategic advantage behind their walls and barricades, fire weakens their stats and morale, creating a better balance of gameplay. Each main faction looks great as well, this belongs in the bad section but since Im already talking about it I should mention that some of the unplayable barbarian factions are too similar, there's absolutely nothing to distinguish them from each other apart from their faction sigil. However the Roman soldiers look great, a far cry from the glorious looking legionaires you had in Rome 2, these legionaries are much uglier and darker (but in a good way).The family tree is a welcome return, however it doesn't cast off everything that Rome 2 implemented, taking some of the good things like influence and political occurences. What was a disorganised mess, but a good idea in rome 2 has now been refined to something which is much easier to get to grips with.THE BAD:Mainly technical, but the one gameplay flaw I can spot right now is the razing mechanic, while it is a great thing they've put in the game, once you raze a settlement, the land in that province is now classed as 'desolate' and inhospitable. This certainly is an interesting mechanic though I fear that as a campaign progresses there is a danger of too many places becoming 'desolate' and there being not enough towns and cities to take. This is yet to be seen of course but it seems all too likely a problem.Time between turns is unforgivably long, I've gone and made a nice brew (cuppa tea for you Americans) in the time it takes for turns to finish. Not to mention loading times for battles are huge. Once it gets going, its great, but have a book with you to read between turns, perhaps an encyclopedia on Roman history?Graphics optimisation is once again, poor. I can run Rome 2 fairly well at medium-high settings but it's very difficult to run this game anything higher than low settings. This wouldn't have bothered me so much if there was an increase in visual quality but it all looks the same as Rome 2, albeit a bit more brown, dark and gritty. For so little difference in visuals yet a huge decrease in performance it really is an irritating situation. Check your specs before going into it to make sure you're able to run it well as on low settings it does look pretty pants.Technical issues aside, the game has fantastic gameplay mechanics and is a bloody good job by CA.So far I'd give this an 8/10, great work."
,Recommended,325610,30162247,Posted: 25 February,all,Displacer Glove,Pretty okay. Tried it out for a couple hours.
76561197981520559,Not Recommended,325610,15051954,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Scumlord,"charging 10$ for things already in the game, just to use them. and now they charge 4$ for a ♥♥♥♥ing graphics setting.this game is not optimized, so chances are most computers wont run it cleanly, there is a 1300$ and a 2000$ rig that runs it like trash and a 700$ one that runs it ""alright"" where im at. and it's just because it doesn't agree with the graphics card drivers on the first two pc's even though they are brand new and i quote ""total war was made for next generation pc's"" and not even all next gen pc's can run it, you just have to be lucky enough that the game decides it wants to run half-decent or not on your computer. CA is now a cancer to the gaming industry, do NOT support this company, if you are thinking about buying this game, dont. just dont do it, i regret this purchase more than any gaming purchase i've done in a while.as for the game itself, it's like every other total war game. still not as fun as shogun 2, but you have different units and maybe 3-4 new features that you wont use as much as you think you would. gameplay is what you would expect from a total war game, a lot of unit animation glitches at the moment but i have not played from the latest patch so that may be fixed, i am pagan so i jumped on the viking forefather dlc hype train, but was pretty dissapointed with the outcome. the vikings were already in the base game, you just kind of have to pay 7-10$ for the game to flip the switch and say you can, same thing with the brand new celts, or the longbeards. they were all there, you just cant touch them until you pay more.If you REALLY have to play this game, just go pirate it honestly The multiplayer is unbalanced and no fun, and the co-op desyncs still,as for the dlc im sure there are cracks out there already that switch the flip for you and all that jazz so you can play them in campaign. but if you really want to do yourself a favor just play shogun."
,Recommended,325610,34566857,Posted: 28 August,all,IlPrincipe,"As a neckeard who only buys games supported on Linux, the prospect of a Rome II port thrilled me and I patiently waited for years. Alas, it seems that day will never come and Linux was forgotten...Unlike the abberant abomination that was Rome II this game is a magnificent comeback. I forgive you CA. There are a lot of things that CA have improved or introduced that I can bestow praise on but in the interest of brevity it will suffice to say two things.Firstly, the difficulty of this game, while not universally appreciated by everyone, is a critical factor in my personal enjoyment.Secondly, is the improvement of the campaign and battle A.I., while not without flaws, has improved by many degrees. Anyone who has done a Game Programming or Artificial Intelligence 101 course at university can appreciate the difficulty of making expert systems for a game of this scope.My main criticism of this game is directed at two things.Firstly, the ingame encyclopedia was a terrible idea. This is clearly a product of over-engineering a simple problem or a design-by-committee idea or both. GET RID OF THIS ABOMINATION.Lastly, is substandard quality of the flavour text that ingame (i.e. details with anecdotes, history and amusing prose about units, buildings and technology). Did CA fire the professor that did this for Empire: Total War, and Rome I? Please re-hire this gentleman scholar dude because he was awesome (and educational and interesting and amusing).8.5/10"
76561198019026568,Recommended,325610,14536345,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Duke of Wellington,"I have played every single total war game ever, I started shogun 1 when I was 4 years old. I have a minimum of 10 hours on games like empire... and hundreds and hundreds of hours on games I really enjoyed, like Shogun II and Medieval II (and Rome II after the Emperor Edition...) So obviously I have had a lot of experience with the games. But good as those games were, they have nothing on Attila. Now, I find it a bit of a stretch to say it is the best total war game yet, but if it isn't, then what is? Medieval II was great, but it's time is past. The graphics are almost painful to play with in this age where technology is so advanced. Attila is just a step forward in so many directions, it's ridiculous. The graphics are slightly better than Rome II, and certainly better than any other TW game. The campaign mechanics are phenomenal, they bring all the good parts of past campaigns back, and add in new, better parts. For example, the horde mechanic is SO fun to play as. You can lay waste to the empires, and there is a small chance the nation will be able to deal with you as they have many problems on their hands. However, they are still a force to be reckoned with and you'd better run if they come your way.Also, the battle mechanics are amazing! the seiges are AWESOME and each city has stellar work put in to it to make it unique, ending the problem in Rome II how every city in a district looked the same, making defensive seiges very, VERY boring. But even the random cities in Attila have been changed. Also, Attila has finally dealt with a problem in all tw games... the damaging affects of the battle on the terrain. Now, everything you do can affect the battlefield; from accidentally (or purposefully) burning down a forest to scorching the earth with your catapults. No other Tw game has come even close to this (I'm not counting Rome II's pathetic attempt where trees with brun for a couple seconds then fizzle out).There are a few problems, however; things they removed that I didn't appreciate. For some reason CA thought it would be a good idea to remove the bar at the end of a battle that showed you how many kills you got. This is not a problem in 1v1, but in 2+v2+ games, especially multiplayer, it removes a sense of achievement; that you cant figure out who had the most kills. CA, if you are reading this, PLEASE ADD IT BACK IN!!! Also a minor problem, they removed the function to duplicate units in custom battle. This is a really small problem however, and the amount of Pro's in the game overwhelm the small problems I have. GREAT JOB CA!!! I think this is hands down an amazing game and I recomend you buy it.-Arthur Wellesley, The Duke of Wellington"
76561198028218302,Recommended,325610,14558559,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,lcaple,"To begin, Attila is far better then Rome 2. I have tried both the osrogoths and eastern roman empire thus far and both are far more engaging then anything in Rome 2. This isnot to say there are not some problems or at least unusual things that can happen. For example as the eastern roman empire i have a serious problem with pictish raiders around Antioch. I don't know if this could be called a bug in AI behaviour or if it is simpily inevitable if the picts run out of enemies in britain. There are a number of definate bugs in the game but these are generally very minor and one has to remember that the game was just released and there will be much tweaking by CA down the line. For instance, on a certain minor town map if the invaders attack from the east, their General tend to get caught in a fence and be unable to move to the southh east. Also cavalry seem unsure about what to do when faced with barracades, often charging up to it before turning and moving out of missile range before running back. Civilian behaviour could also use a tweak as sometimes they niether flee nor fight and simpily ignore opponents. That said the game is ,by and large, very good it is very challenging and engrossing. 9/10"
,Recommended,325610,14511947,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Thatweirdguy's Hero,Amazing launch which the last years rome II release should have been like past total war its taking the form of classic rome total war's expansion barbarian but with thee title Atilla so don't get mislead by its title. Its a solid game with next generation graphics with great texture and particle modification with the additional family tree and better environmental destruction.- Additional ability to raze and destroy settlements- Improvements to graphics engine- Perfect hunnic soundtrack- Easy to identical unit cards- Balance in battle stat morales and stats- Additional barricade deployments additions- Challanging historical battles- Bringing back family tree- Reinvented battlefield terrains- Great wallpaper arts- Realistic destruction- Enviromental fire damage to terrain- Blood effects with vomit- Civilians added to settlement seiges- Historical charactors survive from battles- Same unit types for germanic celtic factions- Winter penalties for argricultre after 430 AD is ridiculous- Settlement corruption is hard to control- Roman empires is extremely difficult- Not much of different fraction traits- Extremely agressive AI razing settlements- Broken agreement penaties- Marriages have low influence in dipolmaticsIf you have a beast tower and had a great experience with past total war games this is a must get for  your steam library:)
,Recommended,325610,29028839,Posted: 5 January,all,tiptoethroughthetulips,"It's basically Rome 2.5 set during a darker age. It is a tad overpriced especially with the DLCs, but worth it during a sale.Pros:Horde mechanic is a great way to play.Family tree makes a returnRelatively diverse units. Relatively.City management requires planning.The Huns make an interesting faction to play against as they feel like they really are the riders of the apocalypse.Politics that make sense.Mod support albeit reluctant.Cons:Some DLCs are downright lazy cash-grabs.Small lag spikes here and there.Some cultures have copy-pasted units.Pathfinding during sieges, as with any Total War game.Expect to restart a lot of times while getting to know how to play this game. I think CA made a fanastic game compared to Rome 2, but the franchise has been mired in a soup of DLC ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that it obfuscates what is otherwise a great game. Oh, and buy it on a sale to really get your money's worth."
76561198050285263,Not Recommended,325610,14639927,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Sparkles The Destroyer,"So far this game has been a pain. I preordered it and predownloaded it. I've been trying to get this game to work for last week or so and I have just about given up. It looks like a really cool game...If I could play it. If someone from the company fix the problem with this game, that would be great. The problems i've had were the drivers need to be updated. I did what all of the community hubs said and that did not work. I bought a new graphics card that is recomended for the game. That fixed it from saying ""You need a driver update,"" but it still will not get passed the starting screen. I've looked at the validating content and it told me i'm missing 12 files. I've reinstalled the game three times and it still has not worked. Please make a patch or fix the problem in someway, I really would like to try this game."
76561198008372521,Recommended,325610,26239646,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Wadrok,Good game with countless hours of play however more than half the game is locked by DLC needed add on's which need to be bought for extra price.
,Not Recommended,325610,16945246,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Cem,"-Comment-For the rest of the comment please buy ""Comment DLC"" for 8$."
76561198021703783,Recommended,325610,23740645,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Gutofoo,A really good Total War game. The soundtrack is great and the main menu is the best the series has had in a while. The new mechanics work great (except possibly that the AI has a tendency to leave half the map a barren wasteland by the end). There is a good variety of cultures and factions with plenty of units to keep the game interesting. My one main gripe is that enemy factions seem to tunnel vision on the player and send large armies to chase the player around the map rather than defend their borders from more immediate threats. Overall a great game.Good:+Faction/unit diversity+Razing+Time period and immersion+Captures end of the world feeling+Age of Charlemagne is brilliant+Hordes+SoundtrackBad:-Requires a monstrous computer to run well-AI tunnel vision/funky AI-Diplomacy still sucks
,Not Recommended,325610,14680955,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,VD-Tim,"*This is not a review about the contents of Total War: ATTILA, this is a review of the current state of the game*Total War: ATTILA is an improved version of Total War: Rome II. It boasts better gameplay mechanics, a 'smarter' AI, a more immersive campaign, and better graphics. However, the  game still contains quite some bugs, especially when it comes to multiplayer stability. Bugs which were originally included in Rome II (but were fixed later on) suddenly make a reappearance in ATTILA. Examples include: The game crashing after a NPC initiates a battle, sound cutting off, leaving you with nothing but sillence, or desyncs (especially the desyncs).I've played Rome II for 380 hours, which does not quallify me as a master strategist. However, I did experience the whole 'broken launch', and all the patches afterwards. Rome II has come a long way since its launch, with the final Emperor's Edition being excellently playable. I find it dissapointing to see these long patched bugs reappear in ATTILA. Let's be serious here, a (real time strategy) game shouldn't crash whenever an enemy attacks you.Gamebreaking or not, let's keep the bugs on the sideline here, and move on to the AI.In the Total War series the AI is a large, if not crucial part of the game, with the campaign consisting almost entirely out of computer controlled factions. I am aware of the fact that it is nearly impossible to make an AI truly sophisticated, although Shogun II came pretty far, but the AI in ATTILA seems to have lowered the standards even more by its ridiculous obsession over barricades.Let be support this statement with an example: Whenever you deploy a barricade in a settlement, and the AI comes near it, the AI will go full retard in its attempt to destroy the barricade. This can be incredibly useful, because it gives you some time to reposition your units, but it is NOT (really? not?) what a 'master strategist AI' should do.The AI still seems to favor suicide charges over camping, which was probably coded to prevent the notorious 'hillcamping' from Shogun II. I will give credits to the campaign AI however, as they really manage to f*ck me up the♥♥♥♥♥♥The game also has some performance issues, mainly when it comes to the graphics side.I know, I know, ""this game is designed for future GPU's"", but that doesn't ratify the frame drops when rendering shadows, especially in the campaign map. And why does this game only detect 3 gigabytes of VRAM in my GTX 970?With the rather mediocre FPS i'm getting on max. quallity (33 FPS on average) I certainly could have made use of that extra gigabyte of memory.When you remove all these ♥♥♥♥♥♥ bugs, performance issues or AI incompetence, you are left with an incredibly fun game. I'm certain that Total War: ATTILA is the best of what the Total War series has to offer right now, with lots and lots of refined content. However, I cannot recommend this game for what it is now: a rather broken mess of barricade-chasing morons with popping shadows. I certainly recommend you to buy this game whenever these problems are fixed."
,Not Recommended,325610,20678455,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Sib3riX,"Firstly this game is absolutely fantastic if we talk about graphics in game. About performance there is a long story to tell. I have AMD machine(PC specs: AMD FX-8350 4.0 Ghz, 2xR9 290x  4gb, 32gb ram)and my average fps is 22.2. I also tried playing on my friend intel pc(PC specs i5 4690k 3.9 Ghz, GeForce GTX 980 4gb and 16gb ram)and average fps is 30.5. Fps is tested on all graphic qualities (graphic qualities mean nothing in this game because you wont get fps boost by switching graphic qualities).So i dont recommend this game if you want polished Total War game. Rather buy ROME 2 + you wont have broken multiplayer like in ATTILA. I own this game almost 1 year and CA didnt nothing about performance they just rush DLC to make money. Only good DLC for this game is Empires of Sand Culture Pack other dlcs are just reskined and boring factions. Campaign dlc like Age Of Charlemagne is example how bad dlc should look :D reskined units and no voice change (Frankish Kingdom they use Roman accent check more about that on youtube). Now Total War Warhammer is coming and they wont focus on ATTILA anymore and game wont get patched anymore.  If you want to buy this game so bad buy it on steam sale for 13€."
76561197971843691,Not Recommended,325610,15066162,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,HexCaliber,"Having played every single Total war title and add-on to date this is my least favourite by a large margin, and is the first in the series I have uninstalled after only a few hours, as I simply cannot be bothered with it.The sacking mechanic is asinine, the ability to sack an entire region with a single click in a single turn laying waste to everything over hundreds of square miles. Unit balance is all over the place, with many countries listed as normal difficulty, near impossible to play. Take the latest dlc for the Celts, they are largely useless against the western roman troops who are at this point supposed to be in trouble, but who can still field multiple full stacks seemingly out of nowhere. Unless of course you are playing as the Western Roman Empire them then you are scratching for troops at every turn to defend against the ai. The politics are a waste of time no one will accept peace unless they are on the brink of destruction, likewise trying to set up trade is near pointless unless the target nation is already kissing your♥♥♥♥♥♥ Your own government, happy one-minute, are on the verge of civil war the next.The entire thing is dull and ill-conceived, and I have not even touched on the recent policy of shoving three dlc out the door before the ink on our receipts is dry.Frankly, I would rather have paid to have Rome II’s graphics engine upgraded with Attila’s."
76561198005900337,Not Recommended,325610,21440940,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Myrmdion,i buy in the future CA Games only in bundle and 50% discount.Im Thinking thats the right price then for this games :)
76561197975033672,Not Recommended,325610,15087704,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,sentri7,I would like to recommend the game as its a nice change from the vanilla but the DLC that they want to charge more for and so on makes it difficult to support them or their product. You will like attila if you want a version of total war that is very difficult.
76561198039647558,Recommended,325610,24587704,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,GuessKEY,"This game is one for the Hall of Fame. got it launch day, and it has made its way to the top of my most played.I have played every nation, except the newest DLC - And I have loved every moment of it.It even beats Shogun 2 (which was my prior personal fave)From the climate change, fire spread & destruction, to the politics and story events.The units play exactly how they should, and tactics are more important than army size in most cases. (which leads to very long and unique battles). You always have to be on your toes and ready to drop your current battle plan and ready for a secondary one.After playing every single total war, including Warhammer, I have to say this by far takes the cake....I cannot stop coming back to it, and I recommend it to anyoneThough I must add, the AoC DLC it what really makes it for me. It may be even better than the base game."
,Not Recommended,325610,15408514,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,rustynuckles,"too many dlc its dumb. same as rome 2, iv lost all faith in CA/ Sega"
76561198080071571,Recommended,325610,33436789,Posted: 10 July,all,TinoA.,If you play as an arab nation you get attacked by europeans...wtf is this bug ??hahahhaha
,Not Recommended,325610,14658547,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Alvazia,I don't know why but I think its not fun and I think the priced is too expensive for game like this
76561198035020891,Not Recommended,325610,14628608,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Octavian,Fix Rome 2
,Recommended,325610,28519215,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,karzender,"Attila's got a different ""feel"" from most Total War games. You can play as one of the smaller, emerging nations, nipping at the heels of the larger empires to claim what you can, or play as one of the Roman Empires and try to stave off the encroachments of your rivals. The worsening weather will tighten your food supply, and entire cities can be wiped off the map. And then there are the Huns, threatening everyone with their scorched-earth policies.The whole game feels like a long struggle against the darkness. That makes it difficult, but also more rewarding if you can bring order to the chaos. Or, just sit back and watch the chaos engulf the Western Roman Empire. That's fun, too. (If you play, do take at least one turn as the WRE, just to see how crazy it gets.) The politics system takes a little getting used to, but it's easier to figure out than in other games. Plus, arranging marriages and assassinating people is cool!Overall, I think Attila might be my favorite Total War so far. Every faction I've played feels really different, and the ""deterioration"" of the world gives it a unique flavor. Just don't be too upset if the Huns burn your cities."
,Not Recommended,325610,14627623,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Christopher,My late 2014 iMac meets the specs but I can't get this game to get past the prologue.  It locks up at the same spot everytime.  I'd like a refund.
76561198005403117,Recommended,325610,23739048,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Liquid Dynamite,"I really love the Total War Series and Attila is a great game as well. I really recommend using several mods this beautiful community has provided because the Vanilla version has some minor flaws though.Fall of the Eagles and Europa Perditas for example, even more so a mod called ""Raze = Sacking"" because the AI can´t handle the razing mechanic too well which results in 30 % of the map is just an unused wasteland after several turns.Beside this the AI is very good compared to other Total War games, the scenario is very dark and kind of realistic and the factions differ very much.Graphics need a strong CPU but if you have a decent hardware this is a very strong and fun game of the series.It´s on sale at the moment, definitely worth a shot."
76561198037224131,Recommended,325610,14591294,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Sotnoc,"+ Horde Mechanic opens up hundreds of possobilites and a new approach to Total War+ Seige battles have been reworked making them fun and exiting not a slugfest like in previous titles+ New start positions. You can start as massive established empires like the Roman Empires or the Sassanid empire and try to maintain yourlands against the onslaught, the huns have a very unique feel as your empire is all satrpies as your a 24/7 horde. Or you can start with the classic start as the Juts, Danes, Geates, Saxons and Franks, and you can choose your factions destiny as a great migratory nation.+Possibility for awesome DLC+Political system ad family system give the game a slight CK2 feel+ Destruction mechanics let you wreck havoc on te battlefield with fire or on the campaign map for the destruction of provinces+ Religion and events+ Is its own game♥♥♥♥♥♥tonne of immersion+Legendary start as Western Roman Empire will surely spike rage quits+apocalyptic feel+global cooling (end game challenge)+Game gets harder and harder the more you go on not the snowball effect of every other total war game ever+Total war Chronicles is a cool little gimic- Family tree and lots of other features should have always been in Total War--------- No blood and gore to make game kid friendly- Cinematic lag- can't release or release and play as factions that don't exist at start of game- cant freely change religion. Sorry people no Celtic Sassanid empire!- Recommended requirements are more minimal requirements- Cost- Enemy armies chase you across the globe------------ DLC whoring"
76561198006064571,Recommended,325610,25329301,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,felipe Poveda,"Great Game. Most complex and detailed Total War game.I would have prefered a diferent historical time though, but still one of the best TW."
76561197991310426,Not Recommended,325610,15052745,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Al Mustaneer,"Hey makers of Attila, whoever you made be. DON'T RELEASE A GAME PIECE BY PIECE TO MAKE MORE MONEY! I paid to play an incomplete game. Want to play as Celts? 10$. Plays as Scandanavians? 10$. Add blood and guts to my units? 10$. I highly recommend NOT buying this game unless you looooooove paying money."
76561197971073033,Recommended,325610,26076844,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,icantthinkofone569,I have played Total War since the first shogun. This is one of my favorite in the serious.  A must have for any fan of TW.
76561197969059873,Not Recommended,325610,15495488,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,scottjones1988,full price for 1/2 a game?
76561197995699398,Not Recommended,325610,15673885,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Alien Ian,"Been playing Total War games since the beginning. This one looks nice, plays smooth, but in reality it is just a redux of of Rome II, even some of the sounds effects and voices are the same. The biggest letdown is the DLC, stop- just stop♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥your fan base for money or this will be my last CA game."
76561198014577428,Not Recommended,325610,14953224,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Borface,"Marketing scam.  I couldn't agree more that is this is a general downgrade to a well respected TW series.  It is not worth $15, yet alone $45."
76561198018836669,Not Recommended,325610,15300117,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Underspawn,"Creative Asssembly, I am so disappointed in you. You were one of my favorite developers and I spent more time in your games than almost any other. I honestly don't think I can buy from you anymore, you have to stop this. You know exactly what this was, a scam to cash in on our hopes that you could put out a good game again. You cannot continue to do this and hope to survive. Look at the reviews from your fans, we loved you and stood by you. You have let us down and lost so many of us, I will be joining the others and no longer be purchasing from you. I hope the cash you made from this was worth it. To anyone wondering if this game is worth it, it is not. Go try Europa Universalis that should scratch that strategy itch, it's made by a company that values its fans. It has a learning curve, but trust me it's worth the effort."
76561198012821328,Not Recommended,325610,14940957,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,The Unfettered,"I want my money back. I'm a longtime fan of the Total War series and even enjoyed Rome II in many ways. How this game runs even less smoothly than Rome II, I will never know. I have a PC somewhere right between minimum and recommended specs, with all my graphical settings at the lowest they'll go, and the thing is choppy on top of looking like garbage. Add to this the insane load times and it was just NOT worth my money. $25? Sure, it could be worth the hassle for that. But not for $45."
,Not Recommended,325610,15053284,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Lazyking,I do not care to write a long rewiew this time. But It good and all but the DLC-whoring is continuing so i rate it down for splitting the game into tiny parts.
,Not Recommended,325610,15053434,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Tempest,"As much as I appreciated Total War Shogun 2 and Rome 2(After bug fixes and patches galore), I had some decent hopes for where this was going. A great period in history, and then they do this. The color pallette first off, is just terrible. Its so bad... A sepia filter over everything... The units seem to just die in combat, regardless if anyone actually hit them or not. The combat zoomed in is lacluster compared to Rome 2. It feels as if nothing is actually going on. Recycled voices from Rome 2 for crying out loud. Huns are overpowered at the beginning of the game. Every time I try to start a game, I get steamrolled. Final verdict? Don't waste your money or your time. I couldn't even get a decent time record on this game, it's just not worth it.On top of that, CA Seems to be intent on bleeding us dry of our money by adding barely enough features to call it a new game. Rome 2 is brand new, and this is already their next game. A New game every year? IS that what they intend to do now? Terrible. I'm losing faith that CA actually cares about their fanbase anymore. It's just about the money, isn't it?"
,Recommended,325610,24998879,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,chaosadnd,"Fantastic game. Spent way to many hours on it. If you like Strategy, and big battles. Pick it up."
,Recommended,325610,23892541,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,=AJSA= Giver of Will,"check out the MOD Medieval 1212 AD, only real reason to get this game"
76561197969343327,Not Recommended,325610,14736077,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Asteraf,"I cannot say I could recommend this.  The major changes to the gameplay are confusing and many of them make it harder solely on the player.  The AI cheats monetarily to a rather ridiculous extent and is smarter, which really doesn't help.On top of that, all of the armies I've tried out (all the barbarians, kingdom/migrator/Viking) feel REALLY weak to me, even fighting other barbarians.Better off playing Rome II, honestly."
76561198038421114,Not Recommended,325610,14731376,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,_shifty  ☈,"What a shocker CA releases a beta again!  Plagued with crashes, freezes, and terrible AI.  GJ"
,Not Recommended,325610,15983461,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,{FL}Blitzkrieg,"Bottom line - Right now, 3 months after release, this expansion pack costs $45 and if you buy all of the DLC its over $70. I cannot in good faith recommend a product licensed under such an exploitive business model.PROS -Great time periodon a very polished Rome II engine...Excellent GraphicsGood improvements to Battle AICONS -Price does not match content providedcompartmentalized DLC contentStill issues with AI during seigesCampaign AI is still awfulDiplomacy is still a jokeVery few Multiplayer game modesPlease add more than 1v1 Multiplayer Campaigns..How about some Battlefield-esqe conquest multiplayer modes?Objective based Multiplayer modes? (destroy the weapons cache/sabotage?)Attack defend Multiplayer modes?(Defenders guard objective while attackers get reinforcements)SO many ideas to choose from! And we still have the bare bones. *facepalm*Also, please stop this campaign AI dynamic where you will always be at war with whoever your neighbors happen to be no matter what... Why is it that i can be solid allies with someone the entire game, but the second i take a province near them they break our alliance and declare war? Its too predictable, and game breaking."
76561198022012135,Recommended,325610,24192687,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Xenophobia,"Much better than previous titles. Better graphically, ai can be an actual  challenge on higher difficulty. I love that siege battles arent the disaster they used to be. New gameplay mechanics like hordes and razing settlements add interesting options. Managing your internal politics and seeing to your empires needs makes for a real challenge. Dealing with rival politicians as well as foreign diplomacy makes for so many levels of challenge. Balancing your settlements buildings between making food, money or units force you to make tough choices. Now deal with all of that on top of waging war, you got some real headaches. I really felt like a ruler of an empire for the time I played. Gotta admit this title has hooked me in.I can see why it got negative reviews though besides people dislike of the dlc model, it just plays differently than other tw titles. You really have to pace yourself, if you try to expand too quickly things will get out of hand at home really fast. Because of this pacing I think some guys just wont like this at all. Blitzkrieging your enemies just won't work as it has in the past at least in my experience. I love the change however.I played a campaign as one of the desert empires and trying to chip away at the western Roman Empire was a real challenge. I took a couple of settlements and they really came back at me with a vengeance sending some pretty impressive forces until we both could no longer suffer the losses leaving us both weaker, me more than them however. I gotta hand it to the devs they did a really great job IMHO. Do yourself a favor though and start the campaigns on hard or higher if your up for a challenge.Got this and all dlc cheaper than the price for just the game now. If it goes back on sale I give it a high recommendation. Still good if you don't mind the price of the game and the dlc now."
,Not Recommended,325610,17601029,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,majox,"Why the **** did I buy this game for 40€, I could have 37 litres of fuel -_-"
76561198158665436,Not Recommended,325610,15406687,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Finesse God,"Too many DLC's and we shouldn't be paying for blood and gore, I mean seriously that's the worst marketing scheme ever. Otherwise the game is pretty good and I enjoy playing as the Huns!!!"
,Not Recommended,325610,14639346,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Magafox9,Really like the game but if you think you wanna buy it id look into it. They are already releasing 7 dollar dlc a week after the game came out so if I were you I would wait untill gold comes out or they announce that culture packs will be free or a dollar
76561198008896532,Not Recommended,325610,15292526,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,JOE1st,there are better negative reviews out there than i can write but im sure you can guess why im displeased not with this game but with the people who made it.just nickle and diming
76561198102933328,Not Recommended,325610,15299999,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,angel16avila,its the same thing as rome 2 but with nicer graphics and more ♥♥♥♥ING DLC
76561198064996405,Not Recommended,325610,14677384,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,The Owl,Overpriced Expansion to Rome 2Not many playable factions. Obviously left out to sell you later for 8 dollars.
,Not Recommended,325610,21753509,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Ninjalope,The game is poorly optimized with dlc that should have been included in the base game.  Greed has cursed you CA and Sega. (Happy now? Quit crying F1zzzy90908 there are better places for you to have internet fights.)
76561198154622118,Not Recommended,325610,15465199,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,daloveoflife727,"I have not been able to play this game. It wont even load the Prolouge. I am so frustrated, Steam does not do refunds and dont have a customer service phone number which i think is horrible. i dont know what to do, i paid $45 for a game that does not work."
76561197981770048,Not Recommended,325610,14966991,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Spetsnaz,"This game is a mixed bag. The game concept, graphics, battles are great. But unlike older Total War games you can't unlock factions but must pay more and more money for the privilege of playing the factions you alreday paid for.  All the factions are in the game. Nothing new is added. You simply pay to unlock them. Its a scam."
76561198049840096,Recommended,325610,24786511,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Sage,"My favorite campaign map to date, with fun/enriching story campaigns (Charlemagne and Last Roman) with the same ***DLC scheme since Rome 2. You have the decline and fall of the Roman Empire at your finger tips, with many legendary leaders scheming to make their people the supreme. You have many groups running west, fleeing the rising Hun menace, and old barbarian tribes finally seeking conquest as opposed to survival. And, in the wake of such wanton conquest and the tragic demise of the great empire, The Scourge of God has been born: Attila, King of the Huns, has come to turn this world into ash. If you know the history, the map and factions are so awesome. If you don't know the history, the map is great with a plethora of factions to see and be where you can put many hours into the game.Hordes are a revolutionary addition to Total War, with some not so savory parts to it, yet still very fun. The new sacking mechanics are a good step up from prior games, as is the new raze function. You can spend many years just roaming and looting and have a lot of fun.Battles remain more or elss the same, with the same development that occurs in each game, but with an increased focus on skirmish cavalry. Naval battles are still the same, with land and sea battles/sieges still a thing. Navies are hefty on upkeep, and kinda not worth it considering few factions use boats or have to embark and travel via the sea.The refined family system is great, with some new emphasis on characters and familial/tribe actions. I like it.This game, it's good. The best single player Total War that ever was or will be (sorry Warhammer, not really interested). Multiplayer still remains in the hands of Shogun 2, sorry Attila.***Yes the DLC factions are ridiculous, don't buy them. The base factions are good, plus, with each faction dlc they release one free faction for all players.  The game itself is great, don't downvote because you don't like DLC purchases. Plus Charlemagne and Last Roman are great."
,Recommended,325610,28295202,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Jarmenkell,"Hello.On release, i gave this game a Negative rating, due to a million bugs on release.Now, I feel like total war finally found a good engine, with a good  clean formula.and should simply update this with DLCs isntead, all the way to medival times and even backward to rome.it runs smooth, not a single crash since i started palying it this month. and i went through several compaigns on Very hard.although, i find that the game has gotten a bit too easy even on highest difficulty. half way through once you conquer an entire side of the map. you ll see little challenge in carrying onward. Atilla shouldhave come a bit sooner to be honest.the charlmagne DLC era is amazing. its pretty much beginning of medival times. and remind me of the time we had the viking DLC during the first total war medival. playing as the danes, i sent three armies to mercia. just to get coutnered by a masssive 10 army battles vs my 3. held the coastal town i took for one attack thanks to onagars and flaming arrows. but then had to abandon entire invasiona dn run back to mummy."
,Recommended,325610,28016444,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Daddyfatflab,"Oh Yeah, If youre thinking about getting Atilla vs Warhammer total war. Get Atilla. Atilla has so many features that Warhammer had to cut back on because of the micromanage heavy magic mechanic added. I personally love the Warhammer universes but despite that Atilla has my heart for just how many well built mechanics it has up to but not including:- Seasonal attrition (replaced with vampiric and chaoc attrition in Warhammer which is fine but requires active effort to manage)- Unit formations such as Spear Wall/ Shield Wall (replaced with micromanage heavy magic in Warhammer. No formations in Warhammer which was a huge bummer for me)- A more reasonable option for factions (only 4 factions you can play in Warhammer without DLC- City sieges are war more realistic, with deployable traps and barricades, as well as way bigger cities that look like actual cities and not just a few buildings thrown together (Warhammer City maps have wider walls but way less roads and no capture points or Naval Landings and less overall map detail)And so on...In conclusion, everything in Atilla just felt way more enjoyable in Atilla where in Warhammer everything just felt excessivebut at the same time, lacking in the well built depth I see in Atilla"
76561198018460505,Recommended,325610,14512212,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,AgrippaMaxentius,"A truly refreshing improvement on the Total War Series. The familial system that we once loved from Medieval 2 is back and greatly improved.  The political system is unbelievably complex, particularly the Roman one where you actually have to earn your Emperor status with one of your many family members. This is everything that Rome 2 SHOULD HAVE BEEN!So far ive experienced absolutely no lag spikes, unlike the release of Rome 2. Combat and unit creation is also improved, although enemy A.I from what ive seen can still be improved on ""enemy cavalry mindlessely running into spearmen etc"".Im not one for writing, although I left a first look below that I hope helps you get a good idea of the game. I want to say ""Great Job CA!"" but honestly I think we deserved this kind of gameplay with Rome 2, hopefully they'll learn from this. So i'll give them a, 'that'll do'.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5KYKF-lui9g"
76561197999423205,Not Recommended,325610,31990851,Posted: 27 May,all,RisTanA,Questionable DLC prices
76561198003391663,Recommended,325610,14564765,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Ashisha,"The best of all Total Wars hands down !Really, it's the same build as Rome, yet it feels so different, more refined, subtle...There are great characters and political management here, great buildings and economy (with lot of though choices between raising more money, food, units, ressources, happiness, sanitation etc it's very intricate this time), the tech research is a bit straigthforward but with some tough choices anyway, the army management is so much better, the horde mechanism very well thought.The general feeling of the end of the world is also noteworthy, both because of the scripted events regarding Attila and climate change as well as because the campaign feel chaotic and very fluid with all the razing of towns, the migrating hordes, the uprisings of new factions, the crumbling of the roman empire etc.I also think that the siege escalation and destructions effects works well.Historical purists will point some strange units in the rosters there and there (vikings etc), but given the overall lack of information about the time period i feel that most of those are good compromises to flesh out some factions and not too over the top like units in past CA titles...An excellent title in the serie that set a high score to beat, i wouldn't have thought there would be so much change between Attila and Rome 2, yet they are totally different beasts."
,Not Recommended,325610,15484325,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,ヨｰソロｰ ～～,♥♥♥♥♥I bought it . I think I shouldn't pre-order I should buy GTA V because I feel like I'm playing Rome 2 but it better than Rome 2 a little . I can't play because I use I3 3220 3.30 GHZ and use GTX 760 2 GB I tried to setting low but I get same problem and they're selling a lot DLC. I hate it.
76561198076393884,Not Recommended,325610,16868574,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,King7,"DLCs totalling almost as much as the game itself? Disappointing.The game itself is great, one of the best if not the best TW game to date.Thumbs down for breaking customer trust and for attempting to deceive customers via a ridiculous DLC practice."
,Not Recommended,325610,14608584,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,balint79,"I will never buy any kind of game in pre-purchase, because the game you get from first hand is total♥♥♥♥♥♥ not working properly. The game itself is pretty good, but rather wait for a patch, it is ♥♥♥♥ing annoying to have the game crashed after 2-3 turns."
,Not Recommended,325610,14526576,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,-=58th=-Sagara,"I will be honest here, this is better then Rome 2. But should we be content with that? I played the original Shogun and Rome back when they were new, and the pinacle of the series has been Rome. Instead of explaining it i will just give you a link i recommend watching becouse most of the things that made Rome 2 a bad game is still in Attila. I would not recommend this game if you have played Rome or Shogun back then since you will still miss so many things that worked, like combat... the AI... just everything in general.Horde mode is interesting, one of the things that actually work in this game, too bad there are far too few settlements and a way too compressed map.6/10 (Just since its actually a step towards a decent game for once)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DXkWfEIALxM(If you can sit trough a guy ranting for a hour and a half watch trough it. Its about why Rome 2 is bad and it will give you a insight to the issues still present, and if you buy and play Attilla you will realize its another worthless alcoholic inbreed cousin to Rome)"
76561198327834449,Recommended,325610,26204598,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,karinapfun,110 hours into it and i have to say its the best total war ever created
76561198074274224,Recommended,325610,14524644,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Sons of Wodan,"I will update as time goes on with this one!Alright, so a couple hours in and a bit of a gamble to get the game right off the bat.Not sure what to say, but this is one heck of a step up from Rome 2. It looks the same, it sounds similar but it's a whole different world.The campaign map is simply beautiful. I love the added detail and all the little changes!The added touches to razing & besieging a settlement is much welcomed eye-candy.Everything from birds to more detailed trees simply brought the campaign map to life!I gotta love the increased camera zoom as well. Certainly doesn't make you feel boxed in anymore.The actual battles are good, still getting the hang of the units and all the little nuances with them.I can't say I adore the colour schemes though. Watching a bunch of Gothic spearman in battle kinda looks like a grey-green blob moving back and forth, until you zoom up close. I certainly miss the banners as well. I'm not too excited about these floating markers!The UI is gorgeous on TW:Atilla. All the hype about easier to read trees, and skill progression is well met. It's so much easier to find things on the Campaign Map Screen. Everything is beautifully organized, CA really worked on getting everything streamlined and easier to access!So far I've been happily playing the past few hours hitting 40-50 FPS on pretty much Max Quality. Not a lot of tweaking with the graphics so far, I just went along with the recommended!I certainly look forward to getting more play time!"
76561198092628125,Not Recommended,325610,15177448,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,edwardhudson,"ok this game is awesome, it is like a better or rather working version of rome 2 but i feel pushed to call it that as it does add enough to be considered more than a reskin and there are many awesome new features such as the roaming tribes and the different campaigns which give large replayability value on top of this the game is also opptimised perfectly however the reason why my review is negative is because the game has only been out a month and there is half the asking price in dlc, this is unnacceptable considering that for the most part all the factions are jus reskins"
76561198059928469,Not Recommended,325610,21265452,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,RedWagon,Attila Total Refund.
76561198066171462,Not Recommended,325610,15101423,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,guxxx140,"I use Mac version of this game. My mac is retina 27inch with AMD Radeon R9 M295X. The graphic performance is good, but it takes a long time for my turn. Also, every time I quit the game, my mac freezes and i HAVE TO RESTART by pushing the POWER button at the back of mac!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,325610,14870289,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Jonnivani™,A simple list of pros and consPros:-Great idea of burning settlemnts during a siege-love the different options for the migrating factions-great graphics if you can run-Cool units-Took the best from previous Total Wars-Buildds heavily on certain areas of Rome II- 1♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off Citizen + general elite unit = funny bloob pack kill scene. ( if you play youll know what i mean)-No op factions.-Nice expansion packs - although some of the germanic tribes are very similarCons:-Very like Rome II-Little overpriced maybe-Saxons use nordic troops??????????? -  radius mod helps to fix this slightly-Huns just destroy half the map beofre you even meet them if you are a western tribe-Pikes are still op - unless you have misslie troops then they are just dead as they have no shileds in pike formation-AGENT SPAM-MOTHER F****** hordes coming out of nowhere- Reebering who had what position in polotics can be quite hard  - they need a history for each character in the politics tab when you mouse over.But it is a great game - BUY IToh and also get the radius mds - their insane
,Not Recommended,325610,16691226,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,ScarTalon (M),"after giving this game and ALL of the dlc a good shot, i can say i am VERY disappointed in Atilla. i expected so much a better rome 2. the rome 2 we were promised. and of course, CA doesn't care enough to make a good games.The units in the game are literally copy and paste. there is NO unit variety what so ever. the Celtic factions are literally copy and pasted. they limited modders and have made another terrible total war game. they promise so much and deliver a game that makes me feel like i have been robbed. slowly people will start to realize CA doesn't care and are milking us. they have literally added $40 worth of dlc.  $26 which should have been in the game already and the other $14 is literally a copy paste unit and faction game with a slightly new map. And not to mention the "" free DLC"" that is literally a copy pasted faction that has name changes. they literally copy pasted an entire faction and changed names. it really is sad. i had so much hope for this game.I would refund this game if i could along with all its dlc. i feel so ashamed for buying into ca's hype once again. goodluck loosing all your fans Ca. i know i won't support you again.I for sure won't be buying anymore CA games."
76561198005861140,Not Recommended,325610,15834399,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,The sticky bandit,"This franchise has gone downhill and stayed there. Shogun II was amazing which makes it so much more painful when Rome II followed and now Attila has made all the same mistakes as it did. The controls are awkward, the graphics seem worse somehow, and the voice acting is laughably bad.I don't even know what to say about the politics portion of the game. It takes so much away from the experience and isn't at all optional. They make you pretend to care about these petty disputes in your family tree that almost always ends in rebellion no matter what.I'm very poor at writing reviews and usually don't bother but this game was just ... so... depressingly bad!"
,Recommended,325610,17803645,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,hodie,"Attila is a solid entry in the Total War series and derseves a little more credit than the ""Mixed"" aggregate it has found itself with. If you're torn between purchasing Attila or Rome II then I would suggest this is the better title with much more involving campaign map gameplay/mechanics than the rather bland vanilla Rome II. Alternately if you already own Rome II then thanks to the ever brilliant mod community supporting it, it makes more sense to catch this on a sale. Attila will be a truer test- provided some of the hardest campaigns to date- for budding generals whichever faction they choose to lead; which should stretch to trying out the Viking DLC only- in my opinion- as they provide the more interesting faction traits and gameplay in relation to how campaign events pan out compared to the other faction packs. All this has culminated in Attila riding down and mercilessly clawing back the ""just one more turn"" mentality that was seemingly beginning to fade from the series."
,Not Recommended,325610,16881665,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Odd fella,"Great game but due to the fact that they have a habit of leaving their previous project after a new one comes out despite the need for fixes on the previous project I'm going to have to thumbs this down.Many gaming company's leave behind their previous project when a new one is released however not all of them say that they are going to continue supporting their previous project and then don't fullfil that promise.The consequences of lying are severe for businesses.How ironic that a company that made a game documenting Rome's downfall due to the lies and greed are now sewing the seeds of their own downfall due to the lies and greed.All TW games have this in common, yet history repeats itself."
76561198055878658,Not Recommended,325610,15338954,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Unknown70x7,goddamnit creative assemblywhy
,Recommended,325610,14617167,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Mono,"Better than Rome 2 TW.Except for Faction positioning. The Factions it offers are all better than rome 2 factions, but because of the epic size of western/eastern romans there are limited places to start from and they have gotten abit stale. Norse and Saxon/Frankish factions are EPIC. The ability for ANY faction to become a horde is BRILLIANT. It's highly upgraded from rome 2 which is also brilliant. Basically it perfects rome 2.If you like other Total War games, you will like this game. Although it seems limited in replayability of the main campaign as I said before; everyone starts in the same places."
76561197985589039,Not Recommended,325610,14637049,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,WHOOLEE,"It is ok, not great but alot of it is stripped to be sold as DLC.It can actually get tedious to play this version but can be fun at times.Poor Optimisation is what hurts it the most, most seem to have poor FPS and no patch on the Horizon.The combat looks really good but again you can defeat a large army with a few units and the pathfinding is still♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Not as good as some pretend it to be but is far from awful.This would be a thumbs up but it really is Rome2 Expansion in all but the name, for that it is a thumbs down, for DLC on day one it is a thumbs down and the poor Optimisation.The series is looking really stale and the next one needs to take the series forward, please no more in this era."
,Recommended,325610,21245565,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,R0BIT KING,"The game itself is pretty good, but the moneywhoring dlc is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Either don't buy the DLC at all or get it through *other means*. Just whatever you do DO NOT SPEND MONEY ON THE DLC. The only way we can stop this corrupt and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t marketing scheme is if we make it so unprofitable that it's not even worth the money for the developers. And besides, most of the DLC factions are just re-skinned versions of factions already in the game with different attributes."
,Not Recommended,325610,15500739,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Earl of Trollbridge,"Normally I am always the person to convince people to buy Total War games as most of my friends on steam know.But Now it is not the case.I loved this game when it came out. It was way much better than TW:R2. But now it's not the case. CA's DLC strategy is just outrageous. Back in Napoleon: TW and TW:S2, those dlcs are actually good stuff. Here every single DLC is ridiculously similar as another. They are using the TW:R2♥♥♥♥♥♥again.They relased 4 dlcs in the very month of release. lol I haven't seen anything like this before."
,Not Recommended,325610,15056072,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Infernus,DLC
,Recommended,325610,25139931,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,MikieIsGay,I just got the game and I'm two hours in and its.... oh wait has it really been 500+ hours? So thats where my life went. Overall if you dont have a life buy this if you do have a life prepare to lose it
,Not Recommended,325610,29516579,Posted: 26 January,all,The Prodigalist,"Had a rant up about this game a while ago and I've taken it down because after coming back after a long hiatus, the game has been tweaked to the point of playable. However to get the most out of it you will need to heavily mod the way the campaign works. Can I recommend a years old, expensive game, with lazy, overpriced dlc that you more or less have to put together yourself? Absolutely, positively not. CA are supposed to be the experts and they may take a couple steps forward every now and then but they will take a bunch more backwards. However, now the game is so old there is an insane number of mods that add tiny little tweaks that can pull out little rough diamonds hidden in the games code. I hate to admit it, because it is so flawed and full of narrowly missed opportunity, that I love this shoddy, lazy little turd of a game.  For two really glaring, stupid examples of how buggy this game still is, if you close the game, often it will remain running. I promise you, I haven't played over 300 hours of it. Another is the glaring lack of comprehensive testing the kind of visual glitches you get shows. After this long, the game still really lacks polish. As president Trump would say: SAD"
76561198273743381,Recommended,325610,31476901,Posted: 30 April,all,SHELDOR,An amazing game.Pros-Amazing graphics-Huge improvement than Rome 2-Very fun-Extremely addictiveCons-Can be very laggy-Might be to hard for Total war New Comers-Very time consuming(Could be a good thing but i don't know)
76561198064405320,Recommended,325610,34105470,Posted: 8 August,all,Coldsnaps,"I don't know why I haven't posted a review on this yet. 760 hours at the time of writing this, will invest many, many more."
,Not Recommended,325610,16743047,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Jonlang92,"Having eagerly anticipated the most recent installment of this franchise I cannot say I can recommend it for the price it is.The campaign itself is challenging which is a nice change from most other Total War games. However, the UI (in my honest opinion) lets it down, it is clunky and is a step down from the sleekness of Total War: Rome 2. As well as this the much lauded 'graphic changes' don't appear to have materialised at all.Gameplay is fine, as to be expected with any CA game, but nothing special nor an improvment on the Rome 2 offering.Essentially it is Rome 2 with a new skin and is simply not worth the price, even on this current 33% off sale. Wait for it to come down in price, it certainly isn't worth £29.99 at full price, or the current £20.99 in this flash sale.I am glad it became free for this weekend in order for me to gather opinions on this game, sadly I won't be buying it at anything more than around the £15 mark.Essentially Rome 2 with a much more clunky UI and doesn't run as smooth. Overall, an underwhelming DLC."
76561198061192226,Not Recommended,325610,15794477,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,rushsps,"Over all I like this game, I own most of the Total war games and this is far from the best. The graphics are ok but my laptop just makes the requirements.  The only thing I like about this game is that it revolves around the power grab of the Fall of the Roman Empire.  If you want that perspective buy this game, if you don't care too much dont. Rome 2 which i've seen more negative reviews for is better overall. The ""Horde"" ability in this game is fun but having to pay $8 to get 3 minor Celtic factions is bull. This game was hyped up and released with DLC that should be in the Game. Overall it feels incomplete and the non Roman factions are pretty much the same."
,Recommended,325610,14739534,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,GooseUW,Divorced my wife because she had a 20% chance of having illegitimate offspring. I died and she appeared back in my family tree. Had my ghost persuade one of my daughters to have her assassinated. Can't wait for the familly reunion in Valhalla!
76561198185000009,Not Recommended,325610,15968028,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,analreker,Why the hell is this game 32bit!
76561197983157483,Not Recommended,325610,22568439,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,RedMeat,"CRASH CRASH CRASHThis is the only game I have out of 300 that crashes constantly. I tried it on the free weekend and thought OK and had no problems. Then I bought it later only to find it crashed 3 times just STARTING a grand campaign. I'm not talking a simple crash to desktop, I'm talking total system failure. Reset and power buttons did nothing. Had to pull the plug. No other game has ever done this for me. Even if I can play the game by disabling some graphics settings or removing a DLC that's not going to make me recommend it."
,Not Recommended,325610,15306862,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,(MG) Celtic,"They're dlc ♥♥♥♥♥s, plain and simple"
,Not Recommended,325610,14782257,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,DirkBurger,I was very excited to play but once I installed it I could not get past the initial screen.
76561198008464373,Recommended,325610,18168124,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,BuckLetsPlay,"This game is fantastic.  The biggest let down, as most reviews reflect, is that this game is basically what we expected when Rome II total war was released.  This game is very similar to Rome II Total War, but the mechanics have been worked out and the game is easier to play.  Most importantly, you once again have the family tree, and TONS of options to manipulate your power within your tribe and gain more influence for your king.PROS:  Brought us what we expected from Rome II.CONS:  None really.  Unless you just did not like the way the technology worked in Rome II and the buildings, because that did not change much.Should you buy the game?  Yes!  ESPECIALLY IF IT GOES ON SALE!"
76561198106671967,Recommended,325610,14739836,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,willmiller3,"For as the game stands from the previous update I do recommend this game. The factions are awesome although the migratory factions and the barbarian factions have similar units starting out but as you progress you get better units that stand a part from the other factions. Surviving seems to be the main objective especially as a migratory faction because some right off the bat are at war with the eastern and western roman empire and the huns, playing as the barbarian factions the saxons or the franks is fun as well although as the saxons you are a bit land locked starting out. The two roman empires are not to much of a threat but it is a good idea to keep an eye on them, the Huns are a faction that is best to avoid at all cost until you at least have two fully maxed armies.  The family tree is back a feature I was jubilant to see because the family tree actually makes me care more for my faction.The only thing I dislike is that to expand the amount of factions you can play as is you have to buy faction DLC for the price of $7.99 which in my opinion is BS!!!! I know I am probably the one of many people griping about this but if you have played total war medieval two you would understand my irritation of this mainly because I feel that many game companies are starting to sell you a bare minimum game but if you want to have the full experience just buy the DLC.Which saddens me that CA has become another company to follow this practice."
76561198034572587,Recommended,325610,14736625,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Danubus218,"This game is great, and much better than Rome II. much more like shogun 2 played. Too many people complaining about price or paying for content. The game was harder than other total war games, but put some hours into it, and you get better, and so does the game. my first two campaigns failed. i died. 3rd time i got further, and still died. now ive taken over a 3rd of the map. the game makes you rethink strategies you had from other total war games.as for ""high end gaming pc"" running the game like crap, the game is designed for near future tech that has not been released, so ""ultra insane"" graphic setting isnt for your build. YET. dont turn down the game, turn down your setting, even on medium settings, its beautiful. ultra graphics in the game are designed for 4k res. not your average 1080p. medium is 1080p.Enjoy this game. It's worth it. if not, dont complain, just dont buy it."
76561198133143491,Recommended,325610,14742090,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,murraycrouch,"Excellent addition to the series. Campaign/empire management is involved, you become attached to your generals/family members again and battles, although still with some issues are a lot of fun. I would well recommend it!! Do not buy the DLC though, if you have to then do so when it is on sale - you are only encouraging them, making it profitable and the cash grabs will continue stripping the base game of content."
76561198061366803,Recommended,325610,14561734,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Lughaidh,"Really fun game, the campaign is fun and feels like it has a purpose espically the migration factions, chokepoints work like they should (big part of attila, holding back bigger forces with a garrison.) and cities and the world look lovely. For me CA have redemmed itself"
,Recommended,325610,18138517,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Dunmorth,Best Total War after Medieval 2!
,Not Recommended,325610,16056981,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,ankel,"Meh, basically a reskin of Rome 2 with fixes and improvements that some are better than in Rome 2 and some are worse than in Rome 2. On top of that they have hardly not released any patches, except for fixing the underwhelming Blood and Burning DLC. The multiplayer is boring and the battles are way too fast, but the campaign however is very great fun and challenging. The campaign is really the only reason that i can imagine you wanting to buy this game for. Overall i give this game a 5/10."
,Recommended,325610,14567182,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Gothmog,"Attila definitly had a better release then Rome II. While I would like to see some Attila features in Rome II but upon playing the game I relaize it is quite distinct from Rome II in a number of ways. Politics for example is redone in Attila and a family tree exists and is better then ever in my opinion. You can have family members kill even thier own family members for example you can have a wife kill a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child. They added new managments to armies in that you have to maintain integrity or else they will mutiny. Technology is redone in a manner similiar to Shogun II with some features from Rome II like spending money on a tech. City management is similar to Rome II although you have to wirry about Sanitation and fertility and also minor settlements can have some minor fortifications unlike Rome II. One aspect of the game I like is how buildings catches on fire and how it can spread throughout the city, it adds to the immersion for factions like Huns. There is also horde like in Barbarian Invasion but redone in a better way with some new features such as encampments where it acts like a city in which you can upgrade buildings or recruit/replenich units while in enemy territory. Attila needs to fix some of it's performance isssues and load times. And it also seems like units can't form a solid straight line like in Rome II so I would like to see that patched in as well."
,Not Recommended,325610,14524879,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Moff Corrino,Two dlc just upon release. I'd rather pay for campaign dlc's and not just unlocks for playable factions.
,Recommended,325610,33208278,Posted: 3 July,all,Ozason,">Buys this game>100 hours of killing smelly barbarians as WRE and ERE>Buys the Last Roman and Age of Charlemagne>Moar killing>Wants to play something more medieval then the Age of Charlemagne>Downloads 1078 Medieval Wars mod>Start up as the Kingdom of Castile and Leon on Very Hard>Beats the Emirate of Cordoba to an inch of life>Wipes out France for the hell of it (with the help of England)>Achieves minor victory and finishes off the Emirate of Cordoba with bombards and handgunners>Armies stationed from Iberia to the heart of Europe and in Paris itself>Holy Roman Empire gets rekt>Agents and spies all over England ready to cause chaos before my forces make landfall>Joins multiple wars with England to make them less suspicious>Divorce Ethelfleda, my king's english wife>Attack England because idc about diplomatic penalties or Ethelfleda>England belly flops hard under the weight of my forces>Spanish Empire hundreds of years early>Feelsgoodman.jpg"
,Not Recommended,325610,24179735,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Jesushatesteve,"If you ever played the Rome expansion ""Barbarian Invasion"", then think of this as Rome 2's very own version of that expansion.Not an awful game, but it simply feels lazy. Everyone was seemingly in a rush to get workign on Warhammer. The AI is, unlike what some people seem to beleive, possibly worse than rome 2. I have not ever been attacked by one army, it's all about the stacks, and only stacks, it's all the AI has going for it. The various factions don't have the same individual feel to them that is common place is most TW games, the building trees for too many are exactly the same or very similair. The tech tree isn't even worth talking about, not is the upgrade tree for generals/governors. Big step backwards.The horde system (first used in Barbarian Invasion) is interesting to use when you are controlling a horde faction and can make the game better if you are one of those who do not enjoy the Empire management side of the TW games and simply look forward to the straight up murder, otherwise, it just becomes tedious having hordes camp on your land every turn and taking all of an enemies cities for him to take his horde off for a few turns and return twice as strong as he ever was.Also, it seems that people are fond of this game, simply because it's not Rome 2, which is utterly stupid, because Rome 2 was not as bad in the end as every still claims. Rome 2 is coldplay, it's cool to hate, no matter if you secretly enjoy it.Further cons-Poorly optimized, even running it on a 980 ti the fps will randomly be low for a whole battle, which is not great seeing as the game doesn't look THAT good at the end of the day.Bugs, bugs for days. Be prepared to have no reinforcing support for no apparent reason, to have random waits for the campaign make to stop acting up & have your units simply not listen to what you're telling them.You have a choice of Romans, hordes, eastern or raiding. So if you're a racist empire lover, your options are limited.Love cavalry? Good, you'll win.Morale system is broken.Skirmishing is brokenTowers are OPEconomics is too easyWhat i will say for the game is this:The Political/Family mechanics are really good, vastly improved from Rome 2, allowing for far more options as to how to accumulate and use power.Food system is mostly better than before, still kinda dogshit though.Good setting, genuinely feels like a time of true turmoil, rather than a bunch of nations picking on their smallest neighbours for a few hundred turns.Tl;DR: Barbarian Invasion all over again."
76561197984408936,Recommended,325610,14606219,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Aborted Hero,"I like Rome 3...uh i mean Attila....it's pretty challenging.(TLDR; Recommended for people who are fans of the Total War franchise and Civ. First time players should give Rome 2 a whirl first.)I found i spent most of my time suring up my borders against attack, compared with Rome 2 and this plays into the whole downfall of Rome and the rise of Germanic tribes and the Invasion of the Huns from the East, so really the pre show to the Dark Ages. There is alot more strategy needed for Attila than Rome 2, so prepare to sink a few hours if you wish to complete the campaign. (wandering barbarian tribes) #prepareyouranusAttila has some cool new mechanics too, especially when it comes to conquest of enemy cities (you can burn them down and leave it as a crispy husk) but don't worry you can rebuild them for a fee. Food is also more effected by seasonal changes, which can ruin your armies in a harsh winter and disease now plays a more active role and you will have to find a tidy balance between sanitation and cultivation as disease is more prevalent and can be spread along your trade networks, which is always nice if you want to give your neighbour the...plague."
76561198031888171,Not Recommended,325610,16456604,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Harmulus,"Game is okayish, the way Sega and the Creative assembly treat the fanbase is not. No more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, the Total war franchise is dead."
76561198077931319,Recommended,325610,14606242,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Currently Inactive,"For those of you who said this is a reskin of Rome II before it came out, I think you were wrong. I really like the poloitcal system with governers and offices. The naval battles feel a lot better than Rome II. Very fun seige battles as well. Multiplayer battles were not as laggy as I thought. A cool nomad system. Plus you can be VIKINGS!! This game has to many features of it's own to be a ""reskin."" Anyway, so far, this game is pretty good. The only major con is the campagin AI is really ♥♥♥♥♥♥.8/10 Keep up the good work CA."
,Recommended,325610,14549800,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Sindrolini,Fixed several flaws that in my opinon Rome II had. Simply a better game then Rome II. Alot of fun.
,Recommended,325610,22997537,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,CasterUmu,"SUMMARY: For someone looking for a strategy game with a balance of grand strategy and real time strategy, this is worth a buy. There're a lot of mods curretly out to cater the game to your experience, and the DLC, while massively overboard, DOES have a few gems in it ( AOC, Cultures of the sand ) and might be worth considering if you liked it.IN DEPTH:POSITIVES:+ Battles are super fun to play and for the most part, responisve. Units tend to not bug out as often at least.+ Historical Battles are nice as well.+ Lots of regions to play with overall+ Brought back a lot of good things froom Medi2 ( Family tree.. ISH. Though politics are a bit iffy if you're not versed with it )+ Religion has bonuses, and changes some dialogue lines which is a positive thing ( FOR THE SAVER => FOR THE GODS )+ Horde system is entertaining+ Decent enough battle-ai that newer players will have a run for thier moneyNEGATIVE- A lot of the factions are merely copy-paste, with a few unique unit differences.- Brought back a lot of what I disliked in Rome 2: The Region system, as well- To compensate for the average battle-ai, higher difficulties buff the enemy stats tremendously, to the point a tier 1 unit can easily trounce a tier 2 on Legendary consistently- Campaign AI is dumb. They'll spend turns sacking your cities, just waiting for it to rebel instead of actually conquering it.- HUNS. While it IS about Atilla the Hun and his rampage, it's ridiculous how that somehow entitles him to respawning stacks. It's a very game-y mechanic to force you to confront him; While it IS fun the first time, it gets progressively worse later on as enemies start to spam high tier units for practically no cost in order to match up to your empire.- Did I mention Legendary Difficulty missile infantry? Screw them.- UPGRADE SYSTEM: After researching technologies, it is no longer possible to use cheaper units. For marginally better units, you have to pay a higher upkeep cost, meaning a lot of the researching you'll do is economy first, then military later in order to keep up. Upgrading too early will put you in the negatives and bankrupt you.- DIPLOMACY: The AI just plain hates you. For no apparent reason. Getting trade? Good luck. Getting non-aggression packs? See them break it a turn later, or worse, run up to your regions and raid it. Can't even fight them off without getting a penalty. ( There's also a really cheap diplomacy abuse you can exploit overall. )NEUTRAL= Exploitable AI ( But all Total War has it )= Maps during sieges vary from fun to play, to excrutiatingly annoying to defend.= Cavalry is DOMINANT. Impossible to win battles are made easy as hell due to Cavalry Impact damage, where a melee cav can literally obliterate a moving infantry unit then match the survivors in melee= Polished, but feels like what Rome 2 should've been on release.= Reuses a LOT of voices from Rome 2, barring the units spitting out their names.Over-all, decent entry to the series, but it REALLY could've been better. As a Total War Game, I feel that it's mostly on a lacking side, but as a regular strategy game, it's a nice buy overall."
76561198065019930,Not Recommended,325610,14949050,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Chrisb413,I feel this game should be worth $20 because of how incomplete the game is.  Not to mention the fact that they have released 3 DLC in one month costing more that $25 (Canadian Currency).   Creative Assembly please give us the content we paided for and stop spamming us with DLC!
,Not Recommended,325610,14953196,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Madinkan,Good game with lots of factions. Too bad you must pay in order to unlock most of them.
76561198061464362,Recommended,325610,17774117,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,hiking22,"Despite many people calling Attila bad, it is still a highly addictive game. Even the people who gave it bad ratings have logged in many hours playing. Altough Attila is not as good as some previous total war games it is still worth your time."
,Recommended,325610,24093841,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Rage.exe,How to ♥♥♥♥ a State Simulation18/10
,Recommended,325610,14753623,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,✚ Lone ✚,"I see lots of people grilling the game because of the outrageous DLC nonsense. I can understand entirely why that is frustrating to many people because we all would like to have the full experience that the DLC provides, however, I don't see that as a reason not to purchase the game. In my honest opinion, and I'm sure I'll get some rage response, just earn a dollar a day and by the time you get to the end of the week you can buy your DLC no problem. I agree it's bullsh*t but the game itself is too good to pass up because of the DLC BS.Now to the game itself. I immediately noticed the improvements when I started my campaign as the Saxons. First of all I love all of the new options and family mechanics. I'm not very good at describing things, but for whatever reason the entire game seems to feel very smooth as compared to Rome 2 which was very rigid. (Although a great game I do recommend Rome 2 to everyone)The only thing I can even remotely complain about is the DLC rip off, which while indeed is a ripoff, is not enough to keep me from enjoying this marvelous addition to the Total War franchise.Thank you for reading, feel free to add me at anytime if you would like to play a battle."
76561198038573965,Recommended,325610,14738190,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Kensin,"This game was in some ways better than total war Rome 2, but in other way it suck really bad. They brought back the family tree which was awesome and story was very interesting. The only major problem i have right now with this game is that for each provinces the color look so different that is was confusing trying to figure which province was which. You had to take a good look to see which was which. other than that this game was very well done"
76561197963773765,Not Recommended,325610,14950811,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,GirthQQuakes,"What youre actually buying is 1/4th of the game. The rest is sold as DLCs for 7.99 each. Just be aware of that ahead of time, the actual full price for the game will likely be around $140 usd."
76561198018628999,Recommended,325610,18166308,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Joemama77,"I have had Total War: Attila since launch, and have purchased every DLC with the exception of the Last Roman Campaign ($15 is a little pricey for me.) Having said those three letters, DLC, I know that will instantly turn off a number of people from buying this game and they will stop reading this review right here.Now, for those of you who are still reading, you're in for a treat. TW:A is the most fun I've had in a Total War since shooting my first flaming catapult shot in Medieval 2. For those of you who haven't played, that's pretty damn fun. But back to Attila, which is an absolutely great game, whether you like Grand Campaign, multiplayer, or just dicking around in custom battles. Everything from the fire dynamics to the VASTLY improved naval battles highlight the fact that Creative Assembly has really listened to the complaints of RTW2. I know what you're thinking though, ""Listened?? le DLC tho!!1!!!""Yes. This game has a number of DLCs, no way around it. But they aren't your average, ""Here's three new factions have fun,"" but rather unique and fun little additions that add a better overall experience. Plus three new factions! For example, the cool bonuses the Desert factions get in the Empire of Sands DLC create a totally new way to play the game. Or the Viking Forefathers pack which gives you all sorts of cool little questlines that pop up, with the consequences of your decisions creating a unique general to recruit for Grand Campaign.Is it perfect? No. Do I recommend you buy all the DLC? No. I really love this historical time period and so I had no problem paying a little more, but I realize that isn't the case for everyone. What I do recommend though is picking up TW:A next time it's on sale, and giving it a go. I promise you will have a good time, DLC or no DLC. I don't understand how this game has a 67% positive rating (at time of review) other than people hating because of DLC, which is understandable to a point. CA really did a good job on this one, overabundant DLC be damned, that shouldn't overshadow that this is a seriously fun game.8.5/10"
76561198107704371,Recommended,325610,18293076,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Yodosheim Klakowitz,"What I liked:+The battles are very well done and feel very exciting+Units have been balanced quite well compared to its predecessor, Rome II+The campaign mode is very, very fun to play and change history with. For example, after the Western Roman Empire fell in my Geats campaign, I settled all of Italy and started a Geatish Empire based out of Scandanavia.+Diplomacy and politics are back in this game, after they were stripped from Rome 2. There are actual meaningful effects that occur from random events, like the death of the Pope. If you're a Christian faction, which I was during my WRE playthrough, you'll get a huge public order penalty across your nation and you must find a way to overcome it. You also need to make sure your ruler/ruling party is maintaining a respectable level of control as well as allowing others a position of power, or else you'll have a civil war... and you don't want a civil war.+The graphics are quite impressive but nothing ground-breaking, even with Extreme settings on. Nonetheless, it'll make your game look pretty enough.+Very stable right now. I haven't encountered any bugs or glitches for a long time, except for one: when your men are in Defensive Testudo (a heavy defensive formation) and they are in heavy combat for a while, sometimes they will reform their formation sideways or something, allowing the enemy to hit them from behind. You just need to keep an eye on them and make sure their formation is facing the correct way.+The UI is great. It feels modern, and I always have a difficult time going back to the old Total War games because I am spoiled from CA's advancements in their recent titles.+The campaign AI is much better this time around. They'll actually bring large armies to oppose you, and in logical ways. The Romans make decisions as they did in the real life timeline, the Huns are very tough to deal with no matter which faction you play as, and the Sassanids use their vassals to create huge problems for you.+The time period itself is interesting, good choice by CA.Some things I didn't like:-The DLC whoring, though CA themselves probably doesn't have much control over it. Honestly, this doesn't bother me much because the unique factions come in the base game. Those DLC packs are just 3 copy-and-paste factions sold for $8. Long story short, you won't be missing anything if you skip the DLC - just as it should be.-The classic Total War battle AI is back. They made steps forward with Attila, but there are some returning issues. If the AI ""doesn't know where you are"" (they always know), they'll do their best to convince you by marching their units back and forth in front of the tree line where you are hiding.-Even after you sign a non-aggression pact with a faction, they can still raid your provinces with no penalty. All you can do is declare war and drive the army out.-Politics still take a back seat in this game. As long as you click the right options for the dynamic events, you will be fine. If you want to get ahead, you'll need to put some effort in but not much.-You will have to micro your units in battles maybe more than you should. They'll start doing stupid things like chasing routed units across the map who have 5/160 men left when they should have turned their focus to the next active enemy unit.-Naval battles are still boring.-You don't have much control over your vassals in campaign.*I may have neglected to mention a few things in this review, but I wrote from the things I remembered most in my 100+ hours of playing.Conclusions:Attila is my favorite Total War game to date. It's very well done and you can see how CA's many years of experience have been coming together. There are minor issues that'll make you yell at your monitor on occassion, but those are in every good game. I'd like to see a more developed vassal mechanic in the next game, as well as deeper politics and diplomacy. Despite the issues, I fully recommend this game and wish it had more exposure than it does. People need to stop whining about DLC packs and start seeing how great of a game this really is."
76561198120772836,Not Recommended,325610,21268399,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Rambi,"This game has the ugliest user interface I have seen this millenium. It's like a warty bulldog chewing a lemon flavoured wasp. Rome 2 wasn't bad in this respect so I just don't understand why they messed it up. For some reason known only to foamy mouthed, eye-rolling madmen they've also started making vital information  like unit stats less readily available. It stinks. It sucks. I hate it. I spit on it. I want it to die die die and go to the deepest level of hell.The campaign map ain't much prettier. It looks like vegan puke with the little flies being armies of various, poorly indicated sizes. I want to hose it down the gutter and send a stream of urine down after it to show it what I think.Most important to me is the optimization. I could run rome 2 with the largest unit sizes no problem. In Atilla I'm struggling to reach 30FPS with the other settings all low. The graphics aren't any better so I can't fathom why it runs so terribly. This might be a deal breaker for me and I'm considering taking this turkey back for refund.I got this on sale and I still don't think it's worth it. Don't buy it."
76561198027257277,Recommended,325610,14533232,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Rottenheim,"Total War: Attila continues the path Creative Assembly left in Rome 2. For good and worse. Altho they are indeed heading in the right direction with a stable launch - I've had 2 crashes in 90 Turns on the Geats Viking Forefathers Campaign.That's great ! - For a launch.Now this in its own is a good reason enough to get this game - if you are a total war fan that is.With more additions and some unit balancing we will probably see alot of funny builds. Pikes are actually useful for me in this game - they are so cheap that I can make use of them as chaff/arrowsacks in multiplayer :DGame is indeed loaded with flavour and good music.This is the way Rome 2 should've been launched.It's abit late, but we must also allow ourselves patience - even big companies need to make failures in order to make that one really great game.Now - this doesn't mean we are not allowed to point out faliures - there are balancing issues and still those crashes you get. - And I don't like how very much alike the viking factions are..."
76561198005215786,Not Recommended,325610,16706205,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,WollieG,"What i say now is not just aimed at Total War but in the state of games and the industry in general, i just wanted to get it of my chest:I am giving my age away but i come from that era where there was no such thing as DLCs and expansions. Game was complete and very very very stable and almost bug free. Now like the person above said, WE ARE THE TESTERS and we PAY THEM TO TEST THEIR game. I wish this CRAP can stop. But its the users fault because they (me included) starting to pay for all these DLC's and take the crap.In my defence if i bought a DLC or expansion i expected whole new content like new races or new weapons or stuff but on major scale change so that you can really say this is a change and this DLC worth it.These days we get DLC's with content i expected in my opinion to have been part of the game in the FIRST PLACE.For example, Star Craft 2, now we have to buy the DLC's or so called expansions just so that we can play the 2nd race in game (Zerg) and the third expansion coming to play the 3rd race. In the past you got games where you could play all races in single player, each having their own story, cutscenes etc. BUT NO!!!! We have to now buy it as DLC and everyone just throw money at them and now its become the trend, the norm. This is BSHT. Unless people stop throwing money at all these developers and start demanding full games again, then this will never change.At least CD Project Red tried by taking a step in the right direction, we got a huge game (The Witcher 3) and they giving us 16 Free DLC's for the game, not PAYING but FREE. This is stuff that should have been in game in first place and they are adding it and giving for free BUT.... we are still trapped in this huge DLC or Expansion (whatever you want to call this) nightware where we are paying for stuff that should have been in the game in the first place to make the game COMPLETE.Never had this 10-20 years ago.Its a pity how we let them do this to us and gaming just a money making scheme and they always thinking what else can we do to SQUEEZE more money out of the SUCKERS.Total War sadly went the same route and they are doing it even more to us now, 4 DLC's with stuff that should have been in the game. I am a BIG Total War fan, no, no, no...let me say... I WAS a big fan. I am also fed up with all these DLC's and trying to milk us for everything we have and then get content that should have been in the game in the first place.Its time WE put DOWN our FOOT and say NO MORE!!!!If we do not start a REVOLUTION regarding this then it will get WORSE and WORSE. Its time we take the power back and say NO MORE!!! Its time we get FULL games again!!!This is SERIOUS people (gamers), we allowed this and now we need to STOP this!!! Hurt them where it hurts the most. THEIR WALLETS, THEIR BANK BALANCE.We need new developers who do this for the love of it and still make a living, but this DLC CRAP is getting redicioules.IT MUST STOP NOW!!! and it can only be done by YOU!!!This is DLC TOTAL WAR!!!"
,Recommended,325610,14732173,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Noubs,"much better launch than rome 2, some much needed features are added, and at the end of day the day. Huns. 12/10 would empty pockets for again"
76561198023228317,Recommended,325610,14740852,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Gandroid,"I've been really enjoying this game. The effects of climate change add some interesting new challenges for veteran players, and dealing with politics is actually interesting again thanks to the family tree. I've played a little bit of each faction, but I've mostly played as the sassanids and the barbarian kingdoms. Playing as western rome offers a serious challenge (expect to give up some territory at first). The upgrade system for units works very well, no more deleting an entire army because they're outdated. The graphics are nothing short of beautiful. It's extremely satisfying to set a defiant enemy's town ablaze.  On top of everything, they included an extreme graphics setting, which is meant for the next generation of graphics cards. Also has way less bugs than Rome 2 had at launch. I haven't had any graphical artifacts, and have only had one crash, which is pretty impressive with 76 hours on record. All in all I think this is a fine edition to the series. Also, don't blame CA for the money-grubbing, blame SEGA :)"
76561198020257515,Recommended,325610,14729400,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,zombie telemarketer,"Play as VisigothsLose the great King Alaric on the third turnStart a new game and raze Constantinople for revengeEast Romans go mad with their desire for vengeanceLose Alaric againCryTake the other horde, commanded by Alaric's brother, Ataulf, up northAm chased viciously and relentlessly by like 4 East Roman medium sized armiesMeet Alans. I'm like "" hey you guys wanna help? You can have my daughter and most of my money""They were like "" nah bruh we ain't tryna ♥♥♥♥ with none of that""Keep runningRun away some moreEast Romans hot on tailEnd up in what is today southern UkraineStill being chasedmeet HunsHuns client state declares war on me, subsequently the Huns, tooRun some moreChased by the much more mobile Hun HordeEast Romans are like "" Nah man we ain't tryna ♥♥♥♥ with none of that""Romans go home ( People called Romans the house they go)Chased by Huns and their butt buddiesEnd up in North CaucasusPolitical unrest within faction starts, army becoming disloyalCross Caspian sea to what is part of modern day Turkmenistansee undefended settlementtake it, establishing the Central Asian kingdom of the Visigoths10 turns laterLow fertilitydecide to pack up and leavego south, still one big hordeMeet Sassanids, they were coolLack of history knowledge directed me to somewhere I thought would be free of East RomansThey show up and annihilate my only hordeThe circle is comeplete.8.9/10 would be chased down like a dog and slaughtered again"
,Not Recommended,325610,22607101,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Keetongu,"Unoptimized, cash crab piece of♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198125200835,Not Recommended,325610,15464954,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Coo1Banana,dont buy the game alot of DESYNC issues in coop and no update to fix the issue
,Not Recommended,325610,15605309,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Dewderson,"This is one of those titles that make you support piracy.COMING SOON! "".EXE DLC."" ONLY $2.99 TO LAUNCH YOUR GAME!The On-Disc DLC is becoming a real problem these days. While this IS a good game, I can't recommend these muggings of DLC practices. It should be renamed to TOTAL WAR: CASH COW 2 MORE DLC."
,Recommended,325610,14538435,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,The Hash Slinging Slasher,"A very nice improvement from Rome 2, and is new and interesting. With a wide variety of culturaly different nations, the game is great for any grand strategy or Total War fan. The new Hordes add a whole new aspect of gameplay and the campaign management has never been better. Ignore all the people whining and ♥♥♥♥♥ing about Rome 2 still, the game that is out now is great and worth the 40$."
76561198008747881,Recommended,325610,18049217,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Strategos,"Here's a suggestion, people of steam- stop flaming this amazing game because the DLC's are worthless garbage. I love this game, play it all the time, but I don't own the DLC's- in other words, if you don't like the DLC's, DON'T BUY THEM. And if you fell into the old CA trap of buying far too many superfluous cut n' paste DLC's, just rate THOSE down, not the GAME![Placeholder for more detailed review- but I hope ye get the message]"
76561197988662798,Recommended,325610,17999908,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Kitchen.Sink,"Creative Assembly isn’t being greedy. Not one bit. They are just accurately reflecting the cutthroat reality of dark age business. Attila ravaged Europe, and 1600 years later, CA ravaged my wallet.Allow me to explain why it’s fitting that Creative Assembly chose the era of Attila for their latest installment of the Total War series. After years of painstaking historical research, I have come to the conclusion that CA based their pricing model on common dark age business practices. There is a tale, for instance, of High King Schwarzenegger, a Gothic monarch of the Conan tribe, who purchased a sword but only received a hilt. When the king complained about the hilt that he paid full price for, the smith told him that blades were sold separately and that if the king wanted a scabbard, that too would require another purchase. Awhile later, when the king dressed for battle, his squires fitted him with some leather padding, but when the king called for his chainmail, he was told that he needed to pay for that separately and that each sleeve, the headpiece, and the full chest arrangement would be forged over the next few months and then put up for sale as optional content. King Schwarzenegger, now fed up with the whole process, and with his credit card thoroughly maxed out, called for his horse. He would ride into battle naked. When the squires wheeled in the king's horse on a cart without a head and hooves, the king shouted out, ""Hasta la vista, baby!"" He then attempted to commit seppuku by falling on his sword, but was disappointed to discover that it's impossible to stab yourself with just a hilt.It was this kind of desperation, ladies and gentleman, that drove the high king to make a movie as monumentally bad as ‘Kindergarten Cop’. And it was this kind of desperation that led us well-intentioned strategy gamers to spend $80 on such an incredibly realistic dark age business simulator."
76561197965776052,Recommended,325610,23884160,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,|GC| Stumbler,"Fixes all the problems that kept the previous installments from glory, multiple multiplayer campaigns to keep you busy with friends."
76561198074253436,Recommended,325610,28091664,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,mikaelyan,"I almost gave up on CA after the Empire/Rome 2 debacle. Not only that I saw the series growing stale. Essentially the same game, different ""skins"". However after playing Atilla I am happy to say I am back on board with one of my favorite games. Only a few hours in but everything feels right. I havnt enjoyed the series as much since MTW 2. Good stuff CA. 8.5/10 (so far...)"
76561198035610915,Recommended,325610,33231124,Posted: 4 July,all,-Dom-,Polished Rome 2 with really good fighting animations
76561198144134756,Not Recommended,325610,15197764,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Killjoy,"Dont buy this game ( yet ).This is game is poorly optimized , even if you have a high end pc you cant play on  the max graphic settings.Secondly it is still buggy . I havent been able to play the game for 3 days because of crashes and the notorious Error 41 bug.  Hell the pirated version works better!Third reason is the overpriced lackluster dlcs .Please  wait a while for the game to go on sale with all the dlcs and the bug fixes."
76561198148905114,Recommended,325610,33544382,Posted: 14 July,all,Greyson,"Awsome Total war game...only problem is the unit mix into each other in battle. Otherwise, my favourite game after medieval 2!"
76561198091010895,Recommended,325610,14547648,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Romulus,"This is a great game. It adds alot of new gameplay features and even some old ones brought back to life such as the family tree. People say Attila is like napoleon for empire compared to Rome II, which in a sense it is. I just dont understand all the hate for Rome II. I love Rome II ever since its release. Maybe its just me. Anyway I defiantly reccomend Atilla."
76561198178420885,Recommended,325610,31190686,Posted: 16 April,all,war warrior44,"Excellent for large scale battles, and mods work like a charm and improve the game so much"
76561197987085996,Not Recommended,325610,15840428,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Nomad,"This game is a polished turd sitting at the bottom of a money pit. The game lacks depth and is not worth the price.  This should have been an expansion for Rome 2, nothing more. If you like getting pounded in the ***  by a company you used to love and trust buy this game.   ( my serious rating : 5.5 / 10 )"
76561198006612424,Not Recommended,325610,15658676,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,krunoslav_smolcic,Great game that keeps on crashing.
76561198092002878,Recommended,325610,14532271,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Trulyy,"So far i have been having a blast with Attila, I havnt played very long but at a glance it is far superier to rome 2. It feels alot like the older titles which is very good (mostly Shogun 2). The family tree is back and its better and more complex then the ones before it. The Skill & Tech tree have been reworked quite nicely which is welcome. All in all a great Total War imo. Will update it when i finish a campaign."
76561198038466696,Recommended,325610,15963197,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Downright.,"I remember the absolute amazement when I first played ""Shogun"" way back when.Thinking about it when you were meant to be at work, discussing it with people who weren't even gamers  or interested.Felt the same with"" Medieval 1"" and specially so  with 2.""Rome"" was 5 discs of superb play and you really felt like you were a little crackpot warlord when you played these excellent games.I was blown away by ""Empire"",loved ""Napoleon"" and thought ""Shogun 2"" was better by far than ""Shogun"" yep they were all pretty damned good really and very central in  lots of folks relaxation mine included....                                                                                                                                                                     And then there was ""Rome 2"".                                                                                                     It surely  wasn't as much fun as the original,it was buggy,unstable,it was a bit ,well  weird,certainly  wonky and a lot of us started to feel there was something seriously wrong with CA and Total War.The game should not have been released how it was and a lot of us felt ripped off by all those DLC's they wanted us buy and that should have been  included in the price we paid for a dud game.But good news,despite the fact that I am a bit cynical now re. CA and Sega,both,got to acclaim  ""Attila"" Its a very good game and for me at least catches the magic of how a Total War game used to be and should be."" Attila"" is fun,engrossing, the AI is tough, the game doesn't appear to have bugs (yeah yeah I know if you are a Saxon you've got to fight the Franks but is that really a bug?) its stable ,clever, quite pretty and the music is very good. I even  brought one of the afore  mentioned much  hated DLC's (Celtic pack) and that also is very good and at 10 bucks value perhaps.(About the same price as cup of coffee and a muffin  after all.)There is a lot of game there , its tough and for me historically interesting.. All in all ""Attilla"" is a good game and reassures me that CA  is back on track.Well sort off ;what on earth is this Warhammer thing? Whats wrong with the 30 year war?or WW1 or the US or English civil war? Or Empire 2. Ah well at least ""Attila "" is a good one. Thanks CA......"
,Not Recommended,325610,22183848,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Zwedistans Finest,"I don't like. It ain't worth the money. 50 euro plus the dlc.Why don't I like it you may ask.It's bugged beyond hell, all factions are basically the same. Rome 2 was the same at the start but they fixed it after a year. Now it's been out for 14 months and almost NO patches except for DLC reasons. Honestly my opinion is that Attila is the worst total war game ever. (which I've played) even empire is better (remember my opinion)But it isn't completly worthless thou. It has some good mechanics like diseases, food, hordes, and that's basically it.I give it a 3/10"
76561198006361799,Recommended,325610,28993988,Posted: 3 January,all,Lithius,I forgot to buy  the culture packs when they were 75% off yesterday and now I am questioning my very exsistance...
76561198068851657,Recommended,325610,30380536,Posted: 7 March,all,proof28h,"Amazing game; strongly recommended.Originally I wasn't interested in Rome 2 or this one at all. This one is so good, though, that I'll probably reconsider Rome 2 as well.A brief summary on why I like it:-it's a fresh take on a world somewhat similar to Medieval 2 - of course a few hundred years earlier-diplomacy feels far more realistic than in any previous TW game I've played - or any other game for that matter. Except maybe Shogun 2 which I love.-enemies don't give up a lost battle until they're really finished-everything has a gritty feel to it. Instead of destroying city after city (as in many earlier games) and dealing with rebellions later if necessary, I now need to pay attention to what goes on in my fledgling empire. I have to fight many sordid and miserable battles against outnumbered enemies who just won't give up. Not as fun as winning easily... or is it?-I have played games like Empire and Medieval 2 where armies just fold but empires keep fighting back. In Attila, the armies seem to be the backbone of an empire, which is far more realistic in a military era.-I cannot just expand like a maniac without consequences (well, I haven't played the Huns yet...) which makes for a satisfyingly realistic experience-graphics are great-everything seems to workThere were some complaints in the reviews I read like ""no new voice work"". Oh come on. The game will probably provide thousands of hours of fun. Compare that to almost anything else you can get for 40 bucks (sleazy things included) and complain then.After playing a few more hours:Exceptional game. I sacked Roma as Saxons, tried to find a smaller Western Roman settlement to capture and hold, and lost my army to a legion in North Africa. Meanwhile, back home up north, my alliances with the neighbours keep paying off: the Huns aren't yet close to my homestead. Planning a new expedition to Africa with plenty of resources at my disposal. Great fun!After still more play:I've only played Saxons (and Franks once) and managed to waste at least 3 days. Brilliant. I don't even care if I win or lose. This is an immersive game. Haven't tried Normal difficulty yet. Hard is pretty hard.After one more day of play (lot of frustration too): I'm getting the hang of this. The more I play the more I like the game. I've played at least 4 crappy games as Saxons; now I finally seem to have a setup that works. I don't know if the game has been designed this way, but it seems as if it pushes me towards realistic goals by just not letting the AI players give up at all if they aren't completely lost. Agents are very important.After some more play:The hard setting is too frustrating. I've played as Franks and Saxons, maybe 20 lost games or more. I wanted to keep playing but then I wanted to start winning, so I switched to normal difficulty. Still not boring, but the enemies do give up very easily. I'll get back to the hard setting after I win a campaign.As expected, I quit playing all other games when I took this one up. Still strongly recommended. Can't wait to buy the Charlemagne campaign."
76561198008535165,Recommended,325610,14753413,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,GK,Great game. The graphics and gameplay are the most enjoyable of the series. The battles are intense and more realistic than other total war games. The terrain physics are a great improvement and make a seige or forest battle all the more enjoyable. Watching a city burn or a forerst go up in flames feels like the into to Gladiator.A few things are still missing/ need to be improved. The celtic tribes have nordic units? Most of the land gets desolated in a campaign and then it costs a rediculous amount to resettle. Then huns just stand around and raid desolated country?Alliances are hard to come by once your nation grows in power. Even if you subjugate a country they eventually dislike you.All in all I am happy with this game. I am looking forward to the future mods by those great modders out there as they always find a way to make the game that much better. Gods speed to you guys.Not bad CA not bad at all.
76561198008895419,Recommended,325610,31189332,Posted: 16 April,all,Aaron,modding simulator 2017
,Recommended,325610,14519956,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,John,"Total War: Attila is one of the best in the legacy, the campain is huge and more cities also the battle physics have been improved still bugs but hay ho its just been released, the only few problems i have is there is not much units to choose from and also if one unit flee's then you are on a time bomb because most of you're units will flee with them and one last thing no blood or gore i thought since its vikings and huns i would of liked it in the core game but other than that 8.5/10"
,Recommended,325610,14515751,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Mäki,"I've played all TW games and i have to say that this is one of their best releases. Hands down Rome 2's release was a failure and many people are calling this game a money grab. But i get the same feeling from Attila as i got from Fall of the samurai when it first was released, it's using the same engine as Rome 2 but the games are far from identical.Gameplay: Much more depth to the campaign and battles, managing politics is even fun now.Ai: Better than in previous games but still needs a bit of tweaking across the difficulty levels.Graphics: Great looking with some minor performance issues but far from game breaking.9/10"
76561198070229195,Recommended,325610,31460810,Posted: 30 April,all,Regnum Defende,"Great game if you enjoy the tactical and historical aspect, great graphics and very addictive"
76561198036608557,Recommended,325610,18436972,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Nikolaus Sänger,"My favorite installment in the Total War series so far. It improves upon the mechanics of Rome II, and does a reasonably good job at portraying the time period. This game isn't just ""copy and paste conquer the world"",  theres more unique challenges depending on the faction you choose. Migration, religion, trade and politics play a more important role. Play it with the radious mod for the best experience."
76561198037351332,Recommended,325610,18503069,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,claymore,"Rome 2 with a better UI, later period factions, and the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI. If you can get through the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI and wanna watch thousands of germanic barbarians hack each other together this game is for you."
,Recommended,325610,19286759,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,General Coalition,"Total war: Attila is a great strategy game!The features and many options in factions makes every time you play, a new game.The mods to the game, can change alot of the vanilla features, to your own personal game and can be alot of fun.The multiplayer game is also very fun and can make you play the game for hours with friends."
76561198039818490,Recommended,325610,25804566,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Jarhead,this game has pleased me in ways no woman can................
76561197966115739,Recommended,325610,18452449,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,North Wolf,"Best Total War game to date, immersive gameplay with a world that is in chaos.  Lame DLC milking for the first nine extra factions (longbeards, celts and norse) .Empire of the sands is however the best TW DLC to date, with alot of new units and gameplay that feels different enough and polished enough to warrant being a DLC.If you dont have it already, get it and the dlc when they hit discount, its the only way to keep the price of the game managable."
76561198043241574,Not Recommended,325610,21828621,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,King Arthur,"I'm so disappointed in the game it has inspired me to write my first review. I have played every Total War game since I got Rome Total War in 2005. And this game is so sad…Overall it's better than Rome 2. (Others have explained this really well already) But that's if you can get the game up and running. I have twice the RAM, 3 TB hard drive, and a far more powerful graphics card than the recommended requirements and I can't get a decent frame rate even on the lowest settings. And that's only assuming it won't crash.Technical issues aside let's reflect momentarily on how this is basically an updated and prettier version of the Barbarian expansion pack for the original Rome. The main difference being that the Barbarian expansion pack wasn't masquerading around as a full game worth $44.99 and when you bought it you bought all of it. What they’ve done here is make an expansion pack for Rome 2, sold it as a full priced game, and then hacked it up with culture packs and campaigns worth as much as the original Rome’s expansion packs each.So in conclusion; they are ripping us off with something that barely works anyways. And I’m very sad to see my absolute favorite franchise go down the tubes. RIP Total War I will always miss the hundreds of hours of procrastination we had together."
76561198399062362,Recommended,325610,34349891,Posted: 19 August,all,UA Spartan,This is a great RTS! It has plenty going for it! Tons of replayablility. Great soundtrack that suits the game brilliantly. However does have one or two cons. Like coop likes to dysnc at certain points in your campagin; causing you to question to continue on that campagin or the annoying A.I. that just runs the archers away A-L-L T-H-E T-I-M-E! However all round a great experience and good RTS game. Certainly will keep you busy for a long time. As if you want to fully complete a campagin; lets just say it's going to be a while. 9/10
,Recommended,325610,16782524,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,AJSM,here this is why you should buy it its better then rome 2
,Recommended,325610,14515250,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Ebdanian Admiral,"This is the game Total War fans wanted and deserved 3 years ago. Nearly all the features that were missing in Rome 2 have been either added or expanded on. The performance is much better, graphics seem smoother, and the campian is more interesting and MUCH more challenging than before. Overall a huge step up from thier previous title."
76561198048518089,Recommended,325610,22073733,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,TW Modder,"Yet another excellent edition to the Total War series. Love the mod tools as well, they we really allow the game to be exploited to its full potential. Only downside is the advanced graphics that even high end gaming computers may have difficulties handling. Would thoroughly recommend 8/10"
,Recommended,325610,15515393,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Lamia,"While I would recommend the game, it needs optimization considering the AI turns late game. aside from that. I want my assembly kit :( Sega you bloody hedgehogs better stay away."
76561197995910037,Recommended,325610,17234621,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,J3BU5Z,"A major Improvement on Rome 2 with lots of new ingame features, my biggest gripe is unlike in previous total war games when everything panned out diffrently each time, because its focused on the fall of the roman empire I feel like they are very weak as they pay larger Upkeep costs and recruitment costs meaning smaller armies meaning the roman empires can easily be streamrolled and this takes away from the overall game as the Western Roman Empire specifically might only last around 100 turns, which is only around 25 years ingame time.  The game can also sometimes feel like its over before its really started. What i mean by this is the action if fast and intense, if you play as a Roman nation if you do survive the first onslaught, you will likely feel like the game has become incredibly easy. (I found this at least). Only other issue i can think of is the Ai can be extremely aggressive towards the player especially when you play as a hoard nation and sometimes hoards seem to have a six sense for where you are moving your armies, and will constantly outrun your forces until your turn around or take enough losses then they won't stop hunting you until everything you love is destroyed.Basically if you want a challenge this is the game for you, i've never really lost a campaign on any other total war, but my first playthrough as the Huns led to a civil war where i was hunted down and slowly eliminated cultivating in a last stand just outside constantinople.Highly recommend, perhaps dosen't live up to Shogun 2 but its a good heading for the total war series 7/10"
,Recommended,325610,14736515,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Sheader,"Total War: ATTILA is definitely a game that had some work put in to in comparison with rome 2.Everything is much more clearer now with the politics system and the map has hugely been improved. But the sad thing is that that would have been already in rome 2. I just feel like playing a copy of an improved version of Rome 2 and not a freshly new title of total war. Maybe because the area you play in is still the same.But that aside. Total War: ATTILA of it self is a very good game. i really love the family tree where you can perform all sorts of political intrigue. There are also varies stories you have to deal with, like that you son has done something wrong and all the tribal chiefs look to you to deliver the punishment. so you can decide whether to punish him to set an example to others or do nothing to him. and all your decisions have consequences like having controle over you people or losing it.The battles are just astonishing. It's like i said more clearer than rome 2 giving you a better review over were to strike next with your troops, plus the graphics are also quite niceI would definitely recommend this game due to its good graphics, pleasant gameplay and summarized overview BUT i would be a bit conscious of buying DLC. Unless its is a faction you definitly want to play i would't buy it just yet unless there is a good bundle discount or somthing like that."
76561198056880592,Not Recommended,325610,33275230,Posted: 5 July,all,Wulfram,"CA is corrupted as the Roman Empire.Putting half the game behind an unlock-paywall ?!?Go back to the glory of Rome and Medieval 2 already when there was a full game at relese and an actual proper add-on...This is the successor of Rome - Barbarian Invasion. Attila is a standalone add-on to Rome II. So they thought like ""oh you like DLC's? what about if we add some DLC to your DLC?""The game is otherwise good but not perfect, like 8/10. But I will never give a good rating for corrupted DLC policy.The game is challenging and interesting, especially in the beginning of the game. I played one campaign as the Franks. Unit rosters are...ok.The diplomacy is flawed (e.g. cannot trade for regions).The voices are super annoying in English as well as German. How does is make any sense that the Romans would speak perfect English resp. German while e.g. the Germanics sound like drunken cavepeople?"
,Recommended,325610,23887671,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,HipaHipa,"I bought this game to complete my total war collection, after i played many hours on Rome 2, this game still offer me something new to look around and learn the new game rule and mechanic,  but the problem is my PC System Out of Date so I just got low FPS that what make me back to play rome 2 or shogun 2... I only recommend this game if you have good PC system to run this game smoothly and because of this low fps i don't need to waste my time again to play the game."
,Recommended,325610,14746617,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,jta2001,"personaly, i dont see why everyone is not recomending this game. i have been playing total war since the beginning of rome 2 and, although it did have it weak points and battle ai was not the best, it never crashed or made any game breaking fails. Atilla is a brilliant game and is better than rome 2. i do believe that some things are could do with a little reworking like upgrading buildings cost a little too much, and when attacking a walled city, it does not give me the option to assault straight away and makes me siege for 1 turn. this is very annoying when playing as a horde it forces me to stop rampaging and then i get ambushed and i lose one horde. while on the subject, losing one horde usually means certain death for the other(s). other than the said issues this game is very good and i do not see everyones issues with it.one this i should say, CA please dont listen to sega, your a nice company and i like how you get involved in the community you can do fine without them."
,Not Recommended,325610,21328558,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Xunzi,Optimization is bad.
76561198025800982,Not Recommended,325610,34705196,Posted: 3 September,all,Aiegerien,"The dump I took before writing this review has better optimization that total war attila. The games balancing is garbage, skirmisher type missle units rule the field in this game.♥♥♥♥ this game. Buy shogun 2. It's a superior game."
,Not Recommended,325610,32626553,Posted: 21 June,all,MysticMac,"The huns are pretty much the achilles heel of having fun. Them swooping in and razing everything in Europe once the ball finally starts rolling ruins every playthough, and I just end up quitting and going back to Rome 2 every time.As much as I want to love this game, every time I try my experience is ruined by the Huns."
,Recommended,325610,14876317,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Persian_Lion,"Attila Total War is a great game. The AI, even on normal difficulty, is challenging. I've liked most of the Total War games, but this is among the better ones. Each faction is engaging, especially with the new migration options and horde mechanics, it allows the player the option to make their own history nearly from scratch, whether one creates an Ostrogothic Persia or a Vandal Britannia or an Alani Scandinavia.On release, this game was and is leaps and bounds ahead of Rome 2 Total War as a comparison. Although, the game still has tweaks and fixes that are necessary, I am sure they will be fixed given time. There are some historical inaccuracies that will annoy history nerds, like myself,  but they aren't game-breaking. One example being the Alani tribe: in game their roster is almost entirely German as is their appearance, yet they are an Iranian Sarmatian tribe - closely related to the Roxolani and Iazyges tribes. Their appearance and roster should be more like that of the Rome 2 Nomads than what it is now. The Huns, at the moment, have more powerful infantry than they do cavalry - which is baffling. There aren't any Slavic, Celtic, Semitic, or African tribes (yet) but it's still possible they may release in the future with DLC.Campaign Gameplay: 8/10Battle Gameplay: 7/10 (Still very quick battles)Mechanics: 7/10 (Needs polishing, may change)Replayability: 9/10Graphics: 10/10 (The Raze function is amazing)History: 5/10Average: 7.7/10"
76561198012833532,Recommended,325610,31376530,Posted: 26 April,all,Awesomo 2000,I cannot stop myself from not going back to this game every few months to play campaign as another faction and try to win it. I sunk countless hours into this game and I will do even more. One of the best Total War games along with Medieval 2 for me.
,Recommended,325610,33340869,Posted: 7 July,all,YMCA,"The complete war of Attila brings us to a cruel time. Migration of peoples and their implementation were very successful.There was a new mechanic of the Horde (Attribution of the Horde) Now you do not sit in the city and fight and live in tents in the style of the Horde and there was a beautiful mechanic rushing out of cities !!. This part has famous figures, including the self-legendary Attila! Yes, this is the one who scared the Great Empire! You can kill it at your own peril and risk, it is blocked by very strong armies, but if you can try to dare, you can kill it. In this part there are other factions: the barbarians, the kingdoms of deserts, the Celts and many others ...In general, this part of you specifically will surprise you and make it play for hours! Buy and play with your friends!"
76561197960869353,Recommended,325610,29688091,Posted: 4 February,all,CaveGirlDave,"This is a great total war, im playing the Western Roman campaign on legendary, fell back to italy and africa, then eventually started to push back again.My favorite campaign in all of TW is for a mod of Rome 1, called Roma Sur♥♥♥♥♥♥, its amazing and recreated many real events and has like 40ish different types of legionaires alone, but this game with Radious mod actually seems to mimic that somewhat closely, with the exception of all the scripted events, there arent nearly as many in Radious...either way this has been loads of fun, if you played RS or just want a good TW campaign to play this and Radious and you will be stuck to the game like glue for a few days to a week."
,Recommended,325610,33510471,Posted: 13 July,all,BOT Zark,"One of my favourite Total War games. Better than Rome II, almost as good as Shogun II."
,Recommended,325610,14560336,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Yolo Swaggins,"I personally thought this game was gonna be another Rome 2, then i sat down and thought, hey it uses Rome 2s engine so it cant make the same mistakes, then i bought the game and i can say it was worth the money.I have finished the game as the Eastern Roman Empire and am now playing on Legendary as the Western Roman Empire and it is a blast. The Western Roman Empire are harder to play then their Eastern cousins but i had a blast as the Eastern.Its easier cause you have less enemies and more money. Your only enemy at the start is really just the Persians and the Goths.I didnt encounter any bugs, except flying elephants but that was pretty funny XDwell i dont like that the fighting is really quick and troops rally too quick and then regroup again,The graphics are ♥♥♥♥ing amazing im playing on Extreme and its AWESOME.The family tree is fun and once in my Eastern playthrough my right hand man general backstabbed me and started a civil war which was really fun to fight and play, i havent had that much fun since i played Shogun 2. I also had a huge battle, where i was in war with the sassanid empire and i made a huge push unit i came to their capital, there i was defeated and i had no one to defend my conquered cities, i had one army on the way but before that their faction leader and 2 more full stack armies attacked the conquered city, i had a garrison with 2 spear unites, 2 archers and 1 sword man and i defeated 3 full stack armies, this was in very hard, i was sweating like ♥♥♥♥ing hell, that was probably the best battle i ever fought in a total war game by far! Then there was another moment where the Western Roman Empire fell to barbarians and rebels and i wanted to reclaim the holy city of Roma and Carthago, that was fun too, i sent full legions to Africa and three other full legions to Italy and started reclaiming the lost lands!I would recommend this game, its cheaper as well, as long as you can put up with the crappy combat... well sometimes it looks awesome other times its just a unit mashup, if you can live with that then buy this game!!I´ll give the game a 9/10, pls fix the combat otherwise great game!!"
76561198086430662,Recommended,325610,14523280,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Fueled_byRamen,I dont think I am going to sleep much this week...
76561198112087865,Recommended,325610,14530234,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,mustarD mikE,PRe-ordered and didn't let me down thank god!!! Me and my best friend we're playing all night (and he is euro and had to work in the a.m.)  Can't wait to see what the DLC bring ... guys pay these men! ... when you go to work you want money right?!
,Recommended,325610,14548743,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Dark Centurion,burning houses and slaughtering towns people as vikings is 10/10
76561198024240425,Recommended,325610,14564070,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,h0p,"9.2/10This a large step from Rome II in my opinion.The first hours of gameplay I've noticed a few things:Good:- The combat is more entertaining I would say, by that means it keeps you interested and pretty much doesnt have a boring downside.- The AI is significantly improved compared to Rome II- Sieges are more entertaining and immersive. And the AI is using their equipment intelligently, 99% of the time. Sometimes they put a ladder near a collapsed wall with no enemies near the wall. (wooden walls, which are small). Other than that it is great.- The game is generally more immersive and it requires less to run it in my opinion. I can now handle 20000 units on a field compared to Rome II where I could only handle 8000. And the graphics have been improved greatly.- The new fire effect on buildings ect. is great, makes a more immersive feel and adds some new strategies, for an example you can burn a row of houses to set a barricade on fire, and most likely burn a few of the enemies.Bad:- A massive FPS drop from checking ""Huge Battles"" in the settings of the map(Will be patched soon hopefully). I don't mind having AI to fight with me none the less, since they are a lot more intelligent now.Keep in mind I have only played this game for 3 hours when I did the review, so by all means I am not that capable to review it perfectly. I just wanted to recommend the game cause I like it a lot. Very entertaining."
,Recommended,325610,24784994,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,SearcherForGamers,"Personally, i find this game very good if im honest. i've played so many total war games and by far this one is one of the best i've played. i'm not a total fan of this warhammer as i'm all about History and modern so i'll give that one a miss. but if your new and you want to get into total war, i would defo recommend this one along with shogun 2. i've played at least 100 hours on these games and not once have i got bored. try and you won't regret."
,Recommended,325610,24790192,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Fuzzyballs01,"it's like RomeII 1.5it adds some improvements, like hordes, and building lvl adds defences, but on the other hand the whole food thing is stupidly done, you'll suddenly go in the negatives because of climate change for a few turns, and then there's the corruption which will make you go from +12.000 income to -5.000 after taking 3 settlementsgood news is that there are ways to fix that, like the 40% maximum corruption mod and the ""sanitation buildings add fertility"" modis this a good game? vanilla-wise, it's very basic and meh, but I've had to use a lot less mods than I do for Rome II or Warhammer to turn it into a good gameI don't use radious so if you plan on doing that, maybe find a new review"
76561198069373919,Recommended,325610,26085110,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Frank  J. Underwood,"I buy that game only cause i like - love , byzantin histrory , and i amnotdissapointed , The battles are very hard when you play at hard dif.The city managment and all the mechanics are awesomeand the most important : It is historically accurate9/10"
76561198030243220,Not Recommended,325610,15909367,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Algy,"There's nothing inherently wrong with any of the features, and I'll even stomach the fluff DLC's (NOT the nation ones). But to me the game just feels without soul, I played a campaign as the Nords, it just felt dead. Warscape has slowly killed the series, it's sad, but atleast their putting a nail in the coffin with Warhammer.."
76561198006593696,Not Recommended,325610,15501464,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,hopolit,"I am a long time player of Total War games, I have everyone except Napolion. Never before have I uninstalled a Total War game within a year of getting it, but this one was just a disapointment to me as a gamer and as a buyer.Its not that its bad, its just boring. I pre-orderd it so I got the Viking forefathers DLC, big mistake. Except for a few Thralls, housecals and raiders, nothing is new. The roster is pretty much the same as the Saxons, so I payed hard earned money for what exactly? This game has enormas potetial, and it fell flatt on its♥♥♥♥♥ The new DLCs are the same, why are we forced to pay 8$ for a DLC that should be free? 3$ for realistic blood and mayham? that should have been in the game from day one.I konw that its not cheap to make games today, but if I pay 40-60$ for a game then I want a finished game. Why should I buy games anymore if the cost is way more then the taste.This game was the last game from CA that I will ever pre-order, I won't even buy any of there games on release anymore. I might still buy there games, but only after having read ALL the reviews and the gamers comments about it."
,Not Recommended,325610,15990636,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Pikachu  On Meth,"I enjoy this game in general, as much as i wanted to give a thumbs up, with the stupid DLC's (pay for blood and pukes on battle and nordic factions, c'mon CA) I sadly can't.If you don't want to pay an imcomplete game, go for Rome 1, but if you want just to have fun, go for it and buy both"
76561197988455200,Not Recommended,325610,16111742,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,็ Marticos,"Same broken mechanics of any game before, you survive till you have 10+ stacks to conquer world, and any ""target"" has 2-3 stacks, in this case you have the problem of a very difficult faction to kill (huns) where his best general (and game with his name) can be easy killed. Stacks of nomads (IA) are very op;because they can create from nothing an army and stacking up in 1 turn on hard, while you just lost 1/2 of armies to destroy 2-3 full enemy stacks. As happened before (Rome I(barbarian invasion), Rome II, Med. Total war II) having a battle with difficult more than normal with enemy horse archers is  a pain, we go from doubling casualties to lose battle because the enemy (IA) instead of getting ""smarter"" get's buffs in stats, and having the same unit and doing exactly the same thing only in hard is losing badly in skirmish (no tech buff, but even with tech buff, without doing tactics you risk to lose a lot of units to destroy one elite enemy unit)"
76561198049710496,Not Recommended,325610,15499920,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,The JizzWizard,"We all love money. Just not as much as CA it  seems... Get your act together and  make a game worth buying again fools. FYI; dont buy this game its tragic, go back to Shogun 2 thats where all the good things about a total war game ended."
,Not Recommended,325610,15509040,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,mboog12,"Best approach for CA releases from now on : wait 2 years for all the so-called DLCs to come out. Actually these dlcs are in fact portions of the game being cut out. The game will sell at 50% with all DLCs, which actually is the full game with all content in it, for the fair price of 50 dollars. Congratulations, you just made a good purchase!"
76561198006717154,Recommended,325610,25419956,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Subotai,"bought on sale,downloaded the DEI equivalant mod I think its called eagles or something.Tried to survive as western empire, game is fun at this point in time july/august 2016 game runs great and the game is fun with mods.Also there is a neat medieval mod being released which looks promising and might be worth to buy atilla just for that"
,Recommended,325610,14534888,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Josip Broz Tito,"+ Heavy apocalyptic atmosphere, you can feel that some dark♥♥♥♥♥♥is happening in the world.+ That atmosphere is supported with great non-gimmick campaign and combat features. Dynamic fire, hordes, migrations, famine, deseases, decimations, political intrigues, land fertility (you can pretty much burn the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of your enemies and left nothing but a desolate lands). Game forces you to do some gruesome stuff to survive - sending troops to plunder distant enemies, razing their settlements (or even your own if♥♥♥♥♥♥gets heavy). Your good old plain vanilla map painting might work at some point, but it wont be as enjoyable as using those cool features. It is a great thing just by itself.+ AI and Diplomacy are surprisingly manageble, still a subject for improvement though.+ Proper family tree, character development, military tradition, technology and management systems.+ So far you have 3 factions archetypes - big empires, barbaric kingdoms and nomadic people. Factions Inside those groups are very similar to each other, but groups themselves offer you different gameplay styles+ Siege battles seem OK to me, the best ones in series for sure. Dynamic fire, proper defences and morale system are doing good job here.- Game doesnt look better than Rome 2, but somehow performes worse.- No meaningfull multiplayer. Second game in a row after Shogun 2. SHAMEFUR DISPRAY.- Reuses a lot of voice assets from Rome 2. And that was real bad sometimes..- Lazy naval battles. Woops, not a great time period i guess..- You could already see DLC money sucking. Buck gets ten it will start with Blood and Gore DLC, then cancerous culture-packs will follow. Take a note that i dont have any problems with cool campaign packs.- Still cant play online campaign with more than 2 people. Why CA, why?!Still requires some polishment here and there, but overall it is a great and feature-rich Total War game. 7\10 right out of the box with a strong potential to become 9\10."
76561198007512316,Not Recommended,325610,22129341,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,paoanthony,"While this version of total war is considerably better than Rome 2, it's still pretty weak. Once again we are capped at 14 armies. Once again we can only build 6 buildings in the settlement. The only difficulty you will have is C/A making the game harder with things like infant mortality, the plague and so on. I tried playing as the Lombards, every single one of my male heirs died? I thought i did something wrong, so i started over. Again, every one of my male heirs dies, someone gets made king that isn't even in the family tree, and i can control nothing. Silly. Or you have a flood that destroys a city every 5 turns, or it will be a fire. Something always very unrealistic that just throws a wrench in to what you are doing, making you waste resources and time. I don't think Winchester burned to the ground every other year, did it? And honestly, i want the enemy to make the game hard, not the damn plague, or the inability to make a food building. I don't know what the reasoning is for making the game so much smaller and more mean spirited, but i mean come on, killing every male child is kind of morbid, don't you think? Anyway, i haven't played total war since Empire and Medievil 2, and i was totally stunned to see how much it has shrunk, it's depressing. C/A had totally sold out, nothing cutting edge here anymore. Just a stripped down version of the old games, with some new mechanics and graphics thrown in. Let's all get even with them by not buying this game anymore, maybe it will be a wake up call for them."
,Recommended,325610,24983307,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Vortex,"It is a very fun and injoyable game. When i play a game it isnt to find every small problem with, and as a whole it is a very well thought out game which requires many different tactics and army combinations. I think anyone who likes thinking games will very much injoy this game."
,Recommended,325610,21771128,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,vuldin,"The negative reviews for this title mainly relate to how the game is sold (the DLC discussion). If you take that debate out of the question, there is no doubt that this game stands very well against any other strategy game from Creative Assembly and the broader strategy game world. There are bugs, the most annoying being related to specific routing and placement of troops during a battle. The game isn't perfect, but is it enjoyable, without a doubt."
,Recommended,325610,14556095,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,DETrooper,very fun but extremely infuriating
76561198054633997,Recommended,325610,14642934,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,JiG,"My General got the debuffs ""Blind"" and ""Flaccid"" in the same turnTwo turns later his wife diedA few turns after that he got the debuff ""Curious"" (a.k.a. Bi-Curious)Shortly after that he diedRIP Uldin, leader of the Huns.10/10 Would have a blind/flaccid/bi-curious/widowed general again."
,Recommended,325610,23225892,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Eckrigo,I like this game however that is because I really like this time in history. However if you don't like this time in history then this is one of the worst games you can buy. It should also be noted that this game is basically just a reskin of Rome 2. Which was fine for me because I didn't play Rome 2
76561198016987276,Not Recommended,325610,15904454,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,63e Pope Daddy Swede,"i have killed thousands of angry samurai on the fields of japan, i led the american people through the stages of the american revolutionary war....i have led many angry swede's to conquer Europe, hell i have even led mighty crusades into the holy land with the popes backing ;) but i will not buy CA's money train they call ""DLC"" they want you to spend 24 dollars on factions in this game and another 3 for ""blood and burning"" shouldnt some of this be including into the game and not DLC? i will admit Attila had a better launch then rome 2 did i think we can all agree on that with the less bugs more mechanically stable and cooler graphics compared to the games before it! i remember back in the day when i saw rome total war gold edition (which included barbarian invasion) in a gamestop store and it was on a cd disk you guys remember those days for pc gaming? speak about the dark ages! i actually think i bought the game for like 25 dollars too! which brings be to my next case why do i need to buy spend 45-60 dollars for a game then need to spend another 25+ dollars on dlc? it makes me wonder if total war warhammer will actually flop? cause lets be honest CA is running out of ideas for games.....is the end of the total war series near? does CA realize that? what will happen with the money milking dlc train? is anybody actually listening to this rant? find out next time with rants from your local pope swede!-pope swedeP.S. i still love the total war series if CA is actually listening and still cares (probably not) we want you guys to do good with the series because after all it is your baby but it is our baby as well we just happen to buy everything for it....CA get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together"
,Not Recommended,325610,21375757,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Utku,Tengri damn you all
,Recommended,325610,34515784,Posted: 26 August,all,Hank,This is what Rome II should have been like and while the DLC policy is pretty scummy and it feels like another excuse to sell you even MORE DLC it's still a worthwhile game.The factions all feel pretty different and there's tons of variety; the combat itself feels even more brutal and intense. The siege battles are amazing and same with the ship battles.This was the last game before they started removing features in Warhammer so if you want to experience a REAL Total War game get this. I'd recommend grabbing it and some of the DLC during a sale; very worth it.
76561198038822168,Recommended,325610,19430399,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,SavageSavant,"After 1700hrs+ playtime. I've come to realize that his game, and especially the various battlefield lighting effects, which mimic nature's sky-light hue's of yellow, green & purple... with oh, so, soft blooming undertones dispersed according to their environmental composition..is nothing short of amazing.With high definition digital screen quality & a pair of good headphones,...the overall gaming experience is breathtaking in character, intimidating in aspect, & an awesome binary representation of Dark age reality!Btw,...TW: Attila provides the most interactive, in depth, (and addictive) campaign experience I've had to date. With historical scenarios that even the most avid history buff would struggle to recognize. Between what I've previously mentioned, & the sheer volume of cutting edge graphical detail (imo)...makes TW: Attila the one of the absolute best gaming experience I've ever had. On par, with the likes of Skyrim!"
,Recommended,325610,21923882,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,shiro,This game gave me an incredible urge to burn down my school.
76561198021995841,Recommended,325610,18446550,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Heretic3000,"I am a big Total War fan. I have played almost all of the total war games (not Shogun 1) and by far, in my opinion, this is the best total war to date.This game is a vast improvement on Rome 2 and it is so immersive that you really feel attached to your little tribe.Make no mistake it is by far the hardest total war yet but once you get the hang of it it is insanely fun.Furthermore, there are very many unique factions each with their own differing rosters.Very very fun game and I would give this a straight 9/10. Great game. Thanks CA!"
76561198067497494,Recommended,325610,18559067,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,RUSEV MACHKA,"This is my first Total War Game from the Series. I must say it still makes fun even after 300h+ Playtime. At first I was very excited to play this Game probably everytime what is new is really cool for itself ^^ I choose the first time the Northmen (Jutes) the Leader and his Family are really cool and with this Fraction to Conquer others Citys and expand your Land and your Armys makes a lot fun. The Political System is a Point in the Game what i like you have more Options make a Alliance or make a Statment for a War or be Neutral and wait^^ the one think what i not like is the voices it has zero variations in there voices and in the long run you skip it over badly =/. Without the Workshop its a good Game but after a while you play more and hours later or days later its just a little bit the air out. With the Workshop you have so many new Option to enjoy this good Game even more just as before the normal Game and also makes these Modders a very good mods that they makes for us. I can really recommend Total War Attila also to the Persons they not familiar with the Series like me ;)The only thing that bothers me, in principle, that Rome goes really fast down and the Huns largely dominated the Game^^ but also for that there are mods with or without it's fun to paly (Y).This is my very first review i hope it's not so bad written by and sry for my english =>ProNice Prologue.Single Player Campaign.Multiplayer Campaign with friends a lot of fun.Workshop.Beautiful Graphics and Atmosphere.DLCs ​​(Yes, it is always very controversial but who do not like it does not have to buy it ;))Turn-Based GameCombat System Scissors Stone Paper principleContraVariations of the Voices.Strong Huns with there siege equipment which in my opinion are too strong with countless stacks.KI (They is not able to capture the city during the siege and sacks only.)Poor optimization of the Game.Few Factions in the Main Game available only with the DLCs are exciting.Weak Bows Units no harm except the crossbow.On the whole, a really great and enjoyable Game that can be purchased at the full price without having to consider =)_______________________________________________________DeutschMein erstes Total War Spiel der Reihe überhaupt, ich muss sagen es gefällt mir immer noch auch nach 300h+ Spielzeit. Am Anfang war ich sehr begeistert klar ist warscheinlich bei jedem so wen was neu ist^^ ich habe mich dann direkt für die Nordmänner entschieden (Jüten) der Anführer und die ganze Familie sind echt cool und es war eine riesige Freude nach und nach mit meiner Fraktion Bündnisse oder Kriegserklärungen zu schmieden die Dörfer auszubauen und die Armee aufzubauen, erobern etc. etc.. Das Politische System gefällt mir auch gut nur ich hätte mir mehr Variationen in der Stimme gewünscht das nicht jeder die gleiche Stimme hat auf Dauer wirkts einfalls los. Ohne den Workshop bleibt es ein gutes Spiel nach ner weile aber nimmts die Spannung. Mit dem Workshop hat man viele neue Möglichkeiten es noch mehr zu geniessen als zuvor und ausserdem machen die Modder eine saubere und sehr gute Mods die sie uns zur Verfügung stellen. Ich kann Total War Attila nur empfehlen auch an die die nicht mit der Reihe bewandert ist so wie ich ;)es macht aufjedenfall ein haufen Spass. Das einzige was mich im prinzip stört ist das es der Untergang Roms ist und die Hunnen das Spiel grossteils dominieren^^ aber auch dafür gibts Mods mit oder ohne es macht Spass (Y). Dies ist mein aller erstes Review hoffe es ist nicht dermassen schlecht geschrieben =>ProNetter PrologEinzelspieler Kampagne.Mehrspieler Kampagne mit Freunden ein richtiger Spass.Workshop.Schöne Grafik und Atmosphäre.DLCs (Ja es ist immer sehr umstritten das Thema aber wer es nicht mag muss es auch nicht zwingend kaufen. ;))RundenbasiertKampfsystem Scheren Stein Papier PrinzipKontraVariationen der Stimmen.Starke Hunnen mit zahllosen Stacks dazu deren Belagerungsgeräte die meiner Meinung zu stark sind.KI (Die nicht im stande ist bei der Belagerung die Stadt einzunehmen und plündert nur.)Schlechte Optimierung des Spiels.Wenige Fraktionen im Hauptspiel vorhanden erst mit den DLCs spannender.Schwache Bogeneinheiten die kein Schaden anrichten ausser der Armbrustschützen.Im Grossen und Ganzen ein super Spiel das zu dem Vollpreis gekauft werden kann ohne bedenken zu haben.Lg"
76561198078776442,Recommended,325610,18703681,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,sikinchara,"Don't know why people have mixed feelings about this game, but I think that the game is good. Of course, there is a need for polishing, but I like it, A LOT!The mods are also great, new factions and gameplay changes make the game more interesting.So, if you're a fan of sword clashing, big armies, strategic thinking, building and getting more powerful througout the game by the sword - this is the thing."
,Recommended,325610,14557892,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,discombobulated1,"im new to the total war games so to start with, this game was abit much to get my head around theres alot to it but ive put a few hours init now and starting to get it. the graphics are amazing and plays quite smooth for me. slight fps drop on the world map when other factions move but thats the only bug ive seen so far. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,325610,23621532,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,TOPLAD,Good game however the agme seems to drag on after a while of playing it
,Recommended,325610,23310617,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,sap0616,"overall : 8/10Graphic : 9/10 - you cant get highest lvl of Graphics cuz of numbersound : 9/10strategy : 7/10  - AI's corps coming to you alwaysDLC  : 5/10  -  they wanna sell DLC, but it is less than ROME2 :)i played Shougun 1 to Attilahonestly, Atiila is way better than ROme2 and slightly less than shogun2they made good Siege mechanism, and many detail stuffif you are a fan of Total war series, you can catch the point CA intendedi guess in-battle sysyem is the best-ever in totalwar, but some Dipomacy and AI's unstoppable corps are not that goodanyway, i recommend this one to you"
,Recommended,325610,23258897,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Duke of Ellington,What Rome II should have been
,Recommended,325610,14547364,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Zholik,"I feel cheated for paying full price for Rome 2 because this, this is the game that it should've been. Massive improvements in every aspect and I can't help not to reccomend it. 8.7/10"
,Recommended,325610,22867518,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Death689God,"For those older Total War fans, dissapointed with Rome II, this is the game for you.It reintroduces immerison, and is a solid all around improvement.The only complaint I have of Attila is the way the huns were treated. In a game named after the most Famous Hunnic leader, it's rather dissapointing that you can not actually carve out a Hunnic Empire(without mods).Additionally, the Raze meachanic, coupled with the doomstack spawning of the Huns, makes this ""Survival Strategy"" game feel rather corny(which is an unfortunate trend with Total War these days). The End of Days theme is too overplayed, and to the detriment of gameplay.Luckily, as I said, a plethora of mods can deal with these issues. Which makes the game, for me, a solid buy.(It's true that the ""Make and Mod"" mentality of game developing is annoying, but if you can accept that as a fact of life these days... Buy this game.)"
,Recommended,325610,14532068,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Zeer0,"Total War-The strategy that has been chugging for quite some time-Hitting bumps along the way some causing only slight bruises others causing a trip to the emergency room ""COUGH ROME 2""COUGH"". But besides these bumps the series has survived and is still on its road trip. Now as Total War is setting out on another trip it has taken Attila to be its transportation.Does it hold up ? Hell yes it does. Where Rome 2 was some sort of monster that ran out of gas and had all its wires cut everydamn day like some band of nutters were following you Attila is stable and the nutters have stopped cutting the wires in car. Attila overall looks like Rome 2 but better. The GUI looks very nice and gives information in a nice fluid way. The combat system is much better since Rome 2 as it seems the Ai has grown walnut size brain and knows how to move 2 large bodys of units so that you have to work out which threat deserves more of your troops. Overall the combat and the ai seems that its stable for now. In closing even though I have only been driving this car around for 4 hours Attila already feels great. So for a score i would say with the amount of time spent with it i would give it a 8/10. Happy Driving everyone."
76561198146617103,Recommended,325610,16730580,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,^5Fc Barcelona,THIS IS A BETTER GAME THEN ROME 2 AND IT'S BOSS
76561198007325715,Recommended,325610,16732632,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,ryansfedaration,excellent game if you are the kind of person that loves a good rts as well as a strategy
76561197970805832,Recommended,325610,14519621,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Relicknight,"(updated): After playing longer the family mechanics need to be watched closely in the grand campaign dont do like me and forget to update only to have all your generals loose loyalty and revolt completly making you loose your mind. it is a nice addition of complexity to each turn that might become tedious later in game as your start to notice its importance. (STILL no convinsed on hords lol)Pro's:-Graphical increase scales nicely-Difficulty-New management sysems more in depth management of family-UI throwback to the midevil total war system of upgrading units by having upgrade trees nothing you wont instantly recognise if your a vet-Vets will have no problem jumping in-Dificulty increased-Units attack and defend smoothly you dont seem to have the 5 min stand offs that ROME had.-Better tech tree's ""IMO""-Faster Load times!-You can assign offices and region Governerors-Additions of mechanics dating back to midevil total war like the tree look and upgrades of characters.-Family mechanics! added complexity to each turn!Pro/Con:hords after playing for a while im editing this to say that the computer makes use of this mechanic for no apperant reason so im still not convinsed it works as intended.CON:Hords? this is a personal opinion however. you might like :)Bugs that cause crash to desktop (since this is a day one review) 2 times so farPerformance suffersI cant think of many cons right now except for whats listed.Attila is a nice change of pace from Rome, it is harder especially if you try the crumbling empires. The new mechanics added to the game are basically overhauled tech tree with more tech to choose from. Family mechanics however these are easy and havnt impacted my games but could have if i didnt pay attention. The battles seem to flow better the units attack swiftly so i dont feel like im watching a stale mate when heavies are attacking each other which is nice. The biggest addition though if your coming from ROME is the addition of migration and hords, you can abbandon your settlements and turn your whole civilization into a hord which makes all your towns into units that can settle. you can upgrade your hords with buildings etc however you wont get the raw income like a city however your mobile. the downside to this is when you convert you loose all your upgrades and buildings, then you have to start over when you settle your hord. so basically you use it as a last ditch effort to run but if your doing that bad chances are your not going to last long anyway. one way to use Abbandon is if you see a large army coming to attack your settlement you can abbandon it for cash but you loose everything doing so gaining money. (not allot eather) They have brought back marriges and a few old family mechanics from the older games that seem familier however i cant remeber to pin point it for you.Honestly I like the changes and additions however if you really like rome and your on the fence on buying due to the price i would honestly wait for a sale since the additions add to the game however dont feel like they are really all that important. one game i barely used the family tree and won the campaign so i dont know if it impacts to much (i will update on after a grand campaign) so to sum it up i feel like this game is Rome with the mechanics of the previous games like midevil adding hords that you really dont use unless you have to (the huns start as hords) its a fun step in the right direction."
76561198065563545,Recommended,325610,14519825,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Dabiels SuCream,"Definetly a huge improvement on rome 2. Both the campaign map and the battle map color scemes are far better, making the terrain more realistic and crisp looking. The AI is also definetly improved, as when I was in battle, the huns act different and attack different than the Goths, and so on for all the factions. Also, viking factions seem to go more for a naval army, and inland germanic factions go for a lot of land, so the campaign AI is balanced to adapt to it's surroundings, where ever that may be. I also must say the music is a good improvment, as rome 2's music seemed boring at times, Attila's music is definetly adding to the overall immersion of the game.I have, however found some early bugs and overlooked details, such as in some battles (mainly siege battles) the AI units get caught on an invisible barrier, or they all want to go stand on exactly the same spot, creating circular groups of bodies that won't stop running towards the center of the blob, until attacked. On one occasion, even, my units got caught on an invisible barrier, and attempted to go around it by trying to walk into the sea? Another topic I would like to bring to attention is in siege battles, if you attack by land and the AI has a mix of land and naval units, it can choose to not disembark its artillery or archers, so in minor settlements even if you wipe out the entire enemy force, you can't win the battle because of a few boats just sitting off shore, out of ammo and useless. These are all minor bugs, and I know they will be fixed, probably within the first patch, so I don't let them feel too immersion breaking.I could go on and on about how many improvments there are, but in my opinion the ones listed are the major ones. overall this game gets a 9/10."
76561198014810837,Recommended,325610,20127202,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Veaz,"I just want to write this sort review to defend this game from ppl that are just upset for no reason giving bad reviews.1. ppl claiming crashes, to me it happen twice in my co-op playing and one of the times we could continue the game and you can see my hours so thats on your end more so then CA otherwise more ppl would get them no?2. the ppl crying locked content for DLC, you are the worst bunch even without any DLC we have several 100 hours of gameplay. every new DLC is a whole new playthrough, the game has alot of replay value and fun fact u dont have to buy it!3. the computer cheats/mechanics makes it harder then i like group. i only play legendary only way to enjoy it to me and if the computer dident cheat wow the game would be to easy. its easy to balance the cities, the huns stop spawning armies after attila has lost twice.3.1. i will agree the combat mechanics can be rough but nothing a little extra micro cant fix, and still better then rome 2 siege you know the put units in the gate to never get hit by torches attack on siege engines to make the ai break!4. It's not the same as previous games so i dont like groupif it was then ppl would cry its to similar instead stop looking towards the old games with the nostalgia filter on the old ones and issues to CMON!Now for my own opinion on the actual game.1. i like it, simply thatthe bad1. i have not found anything thats bad enough to mentionlet the hate come at me i regret nothing im ok with pre-purchase DLC becouse im not crybaby risk/reward u know im gona pre-purchase TW:warhammer even if the launch is rought im gona play it some weeks later when it works with my for free DLC and im gona sink 100 and 100 hours into it and im gona love it"
,Recommended,325610,17823561,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Hauntedtoaster,"My computer runs Rome II total war on highest setting 30 fps, but runs attila 10 fps on lowest settings.IGN-10/10"
,Recommended,325610,24409728,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Ibuprofen Tablets 200mg,Much Better Than Rome
76561198026127810,Recommended,325610,24276960,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Traskiz,Very good game.
76561198006617832,Not Recommended,325610,18172410,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Dayve,"PROS:1. It's better than the disastrous abortion that is Rome 2, though still nowhere near as good as Shogun 2, Medieval 2 or Rome 1.2. It manages to feel like the world is crumbling and the light of the Roman Empire is being extinguished by barbarian hordes - also known as IMMERSION... another thing Rome 2 never achieved.3. The music is an improvement over the dull, forgettable music in Rome 2, though still not as good as it would have been if Jeff Van Dyck had done it (WHY DID YOU NOT USE HIM CA!?)CONS:1. Almost every problem with combat from Rome 2 persists in this installment.2. Unit collision is still absent. There's a fake imitation of unit collision that they've tried to implement but it makes units look odd when battle commences. You see them sliding around and melting in to each other very often.3. Charges still look pitiful, especially cavalry charges. In Rome 1 and Medieval 2 when foot soldiers charged it looked realistic, ferocious. When cavalry charged it looked powerful, men went flying all over the place, cavalry soldiers would go flying off their horses due to the impact. In Rome 2 and Attila cavalry charging looks like 2 balloons bouncing in to each other. There's no force, it's just pitiful.4. Plus almost every other problem from Rome 2 persists.CONCLUSION:You can get some fun out of it (I did/still am) but what you see here, along with Rome 2, is the death of Total War. To compare Total War to the Roman Empire-Rome 1 was the reign of Augustus (peace, stability, everybody happy)Medieval 2 was the reign of Vespasian (a return to stability after the chaos of the year of four emperors)Empire was the Crisis of the Third Century (chaos, not looking good)Shogun 2 was the reign of Diocletian (a return to power, stability and strong leadership after the utter chaos before)Rome 2 was the disastrous reign of Honorius (doing nothing while the empire crumbles)Which leaves us with Attila. Attila is the last flexing of muscle from a dying empire. It's Aetius's stand against Attila, where he managed to turn the Huns back at the battle of the Catalaunian Plains. But the empire still died a couple of decades later, just like Total War is dead now."
,Recommended,325610,31196220,Posted: 17 April,all,Dead Sea,Basically better version of Rome 2.Very fun and sometimes challenging
76561197966448459,Recommended,325610,14522366,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Gekko,"Tried Western Roman Empire just as a test, 5 hours later I  finally stopped the Barbarian hoards in the alps. Eastern Roman Empire betrayes me and takes Africa....Only Spain and mainland Italy left in the civilized world, can't wait til I am down to Sicily. 10/10"
76561198006621684,Not Recommended,325610,32147654,Posted: 3 June,all,MustGungor,"I can't play this game with x370 mobo, ryzen 1700x, evga gtx 970, 16 gb ram, samsung m2 ssd.At campaign frame rate is 17-20 fps, with very low graphics, at battle 60 fps with ultra graphics.What kind of ♥♥♥♥ed up game is this?"
76561198043916495,Not Recommended,325610,32539670,Posted: 18 June,all,Lowry,"very different from previous total war (not a lot though), sucks for big battles, the engine cant handle resonable sized armies (2v2)"
76561198011024838,Not Recommended,325610,34778583,Posted: 6 September,all,-csgoroll.com-GrayFox,"Performance was pretty terrible when compared to Warhammer, which is kinda suprising because this is an older game. Generally older games are less demanding but clearly this wasnt the case here. I have a Ryzen 1600x, GTX1080ti, and 16gb of ram. Got 30 fps averge on this game but 60+ on warhammer. This may not matter to many people but to me it's quite irritating."
,Recommended,325610,32971522,Posted: 28 June,all,CognitiveSuicide,I'm just doing this for free stickers.
76561198041673011,Not Recommended,325610,23284028,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,WArden_Unit,"Honestly, I want this game to be good. I tried so hard to make myself believe that it is but no matter how hard i tried it still ended up being sub-par. It feels like strategy is removed from the game campaign and multiplayer. In the campaign deployment is basically non existent. So if you wanted to play strategically; for instance, pairing one nation against the other and watch them destroy each other, you can't. Nor is there any other clever ways of playing. The only way to play is to directly attack your enemies in which your allies will do nothing or little to help. As far as the multiplayer goes theres is very little strategy. It's basically whoever has the most units wins; which causes for some pretty frustrating gameplay. I've tried playing vs strategically, looking up guides and tips yet I still get crushed. Maybe i just suck but i have never been this bad at any of the other Total Wars. It does look nice and runs pretty well but for me it just lacks dimension. It just falls flat compared to the older Total Wars."
,Recommended,325610,20751042,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,GGK01,"Epic, awesome!!!!! Unique experience hard enough for the experienced and demanding players. Much realism that makes it special.. I would prefer it more medieval than late-roman setting but it's good enough. I would say a rome II engine much more polished.. Finally I would recommend it for those who seek challege and not an ""easy"" Campaign."
76561198043838571,Not Recommended,325610,14520068,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Brasidas,"Seemed a decent game until I discovered the unit variety is terrible. It's no fun trying to hold Britain with declining forces against hordes of ""germanic levies"" coming down from the scottish highlands."
76561198062062513,Not Recommended,325610,23441748,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,[66th]Jeepster88,"I've bought every TW thats exists to date. This one is excellent just like everyother one, however.....I've played over a hundred hours and have never been able to finish a campaign.I'm also a sucker and bought all the DLC... can't get through either of these campaigns either without it crashing.After this game destroyed my GTX 760 I upgraded it to the GTX 970(with added fans) and I still have these crashes! (i7-4790)Even TW Warhammer and TW Rome:2 run excellent on my rig with Ultra settings.It's my opinion that CA are not going to re-optimise or fix any of the bugs or crashes now that they've moved on to new iterations.Great game and all the DLC is great as well but CANNOT recommend purchasing it unless fixed; which is highly unlikely.Buy TW ROME:2 or TW:Warhammer if you want a modern TW iteration."
,Not Recommended,325610,14520222,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,John Osborn,"My initial reaction to Attila wasn't exactly positive, however after having spent some more time with this game I have to say that I feel differently about it. I still feel that in many ways that this still feels like a Rome 2 expansion pack more than a new game but I have more of an appreciation for some of the new material that has been added since Rome 2.  For one they have made it easier to see the way that other factions view you and weather the way you have been behaving is going to better your relations or make things worse, that was a nice touch.Going through the game as a hoard is much more enjoyable than it had been in Rome: Barbarian Invasion DLC. If I had to make one complaint about it would be that the CPU seams way too eager to raise city’s, during my first play through as the Visigoths I tried to set up a kingdom in southern France but once I got there in around 420AD I found that the fighting that had occurred while I was fighting the Eastern Roman empire had most of Italy, France, Germany and modern Belgium raised to the ground. Save for a few small towns here and there the rest of Europe, except for Spain for some reason, had become a group of wandering hoards after.The amount of time it takes to go through loading between turns is horrible even with the settings turned to ""max performance"" even if all I was doing was waiting for units to heal midway through the game I would usually have to wait 4-5 min between turns. I am sure that this will be fixed in a patch at some point because this was a major issue that affected Rome 2 after launch so I am sure this is on the ""To do list"" at Creative Assembly.*Sigh* Now here are my gripes about combat...Before I get to what I think about Combat in Attila I think I need to give a little bit of context. One of the big reasons I started to play Total War games in the first place, the combat, I played the crap out of Medieval 2 and all the games that came after and they felt like they had been improving  every step of the way. When Rome 2 came out its like troop controls had gone out the window. In combat it felt like more emphasis was being placed on micro managing solders more than generaling. Now you need to pick a formation and make sure that your units actually engage the enemy and if the enemy unit flees that they will either pursue them or resume formation Instead of placing more effort on knowing what part of the battlefield you would want to hold and what kind of formation would be the most advantageous. In my experience once an enemy had been driven off the unit might just stand where they were and not move, they would  not regain formation, assist a unit that was in combat nearby just simply stand there. I don't know what the reason was for dumbing down the infantry but it all but ruined the real time battles for me I would have preferred to worry about making sure that my units weren’t abandoning the battle to chase down a unit of a handful of men that were in full retreat than of losing units that just mosh pit together and only react when getting attacked. Most of the battles I have lost are because I end up losing too many men as they get all grouped together and then they allow themselves to get flanked in all of the other games it was bad news if you got flanked but only in this one would it go so spectacularly poorly as they don’t seem to react until they are being attacked even other units smooshed in to their formation won't react those units might as well be on the other side of the map.I was pretty happy with the improvement that had been made to auto battle. since I wasn't exactly planning on going into real time battle I thought it was a nice touch to select how your general would approach the battle and how that would impact the fight.When it comes to Attila I think they dropped the ball, I haven’t noticed any real changes to the way infantry or ships play in real time battle and to boot they removed the breakdown that said how the way you approached battle so while you can still select weather your general will use an aggressive, defensive or balanced approach it’s a bit of a craps shoot as to how that will affect the battle.Trust me I want to love this game but I have a lot of hang ups on the way that Real time battle is in this game, I honestly feel like I must have missed some kind of prompt that fixes these issues if I am just not doing something right please tell me.I would not recommend this game for anyone that is not a diehard Total War fan and even then I would recommend for the bugs to get fixed and the price to go down a bit.TL; DR. They made some nice changes to the politics and technology but the combat feels like Rome 2 and that makes me cranky"
76561198117783060,Recommended,325610,14727460,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Cj,I rate it better than Rome II.It's an amazing game and they have done their bests once more to satisfy us all.If you are a fan of the Total War chain I recommand buying it.
76561198013743217,Not Recommended,325610,23278474,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Ben Edwards,"In short, it's horrendously repetitive on harder difficulties and plagued by frankly ridiculous design choices.The problem with higher difficulties is something that CA has struggled with. The AI does not strategize or perform better. Rather, higher difficulties just enable it to mass-produce large armies of cheap and worthless units, then relentless toss them at a single settlement of yours. Let me highlight that last part: relentlessly attacking one particular settlement of yours. During a war, your AI enemy becomes absolutely fixated on one single city that you own. It doesn't matter if they've lost three, four, or five whole armies at this one city; they will come back. In terms of gameplay, this is depressingly repetitive. In terms of historical strategy, you would think they'd try something different (like attack a different city of yours or try to isolate the one they want)."
76561198140841170,Recommended,325610,29749843,Posted: 6 February,all,TripleCowFat,"I love this game. It is my favorite total war game. The interface is really user friendly to somebody new to the total war series and it is really fun for people like me. For example total war shogun 2, my first total war(I bought it after Attila came out) it is one of the best total war games and I think it is a great game, except it was alot harder to play for me, I found it too hard and I had given up on it. But Attila's easy mode was much better for me, and little by little I got much better at total war games. I have noticed a few flaws in the game and I'm not very picky. It does get repetitive after a few singleplayer campaigns and it has day one dlc and I think that's awful. But I really like it's controls and it's graphics in game, I also love the multiplayer battles and campaigns. Although I do think they made to much DLC for the game I really liked Age of Charlemagne and the Celtic and Empires of Sand culture packs. I love the great amount mods for this game like medieval kingdoms or Game of Thrones. It may not be the best total war game in history but in my opinion it is the best choice for someone starting in the total war series."
,Recommended,325610,33067316,Posted: 30 June,all,Yuzzem201,"Ignore the negative reviews for the moment. They are made by people with the most ridiculous rose-tinted glasses and hard-on's for Rome that there ever was. Now go ahead and read the negative reviews...it is people complaining 'this game isn't rome 2'(whinny nostalgia fans, who didn't even play Shogun 1 or Rome 1 when it was current) and 'Attila is too hard, I can't ez-mode a win in this, I also can't figure out how to use pikes and want to complain about calvary even though there is specific units to deal with them'.Attila is amazing on its own. It has the best campaign since Shogun 2, with that it also has one of the hardest campaigns I have played in a total war if you play as vanilla WRE, amazingly difficult and a great challenge. The horde mechanic is new in Attila and the family tree works slightly better than it does in Rome 2. The horde mechanic works well and adds a whole new level of roleplay/style of play if you decide to be a murderous horde rampaging across the world burning everything in your path.Attila is much 'darker' than previous war titles since it is set in a period when stuff mostly just got burned down. They nailed the 'dark' feeling and touch.Attila isn't a nostalgia grab like Rome 2 was. Rome 2 is Rome 1...with slightly better graphics and a bit better mechanics than the first. Rome 2 is nothing impressive or new. Shogun 2 broke those barriers(and most agree Shogun 2 did it very well, an amazing TW and a high suggestion to buy if you don't own it) and Attila added to them.As far as historic TW's go Attila should be in your top picks along with Shogun 2 and Empire/Napoleon."
76561198008925477,Not Recommended,325610,21450057,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,TrollHunter,"Why not focus on making the game work for all the people who have bought it instead of just making patches with more DLC races? Certainly not happening here.I also remember the days when all the races one could play were included in the initial game, and they were all pretty unique.  These days every army on total war games are basically the same, just with different coloured outfits, but you still have to pay £10 extra to use them.First time I've given a thumbs down but I'm sick and tired of Total War's money grab DLC ways now.Sad end to a great series really."
,Recommended,325610,32931464,Posted: 28 June,all,OfficerDonutDough,Good if its on sale
,Recommended,325610,24699972,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,godscop999,"Beautiful look, detailed throughout. Yet not quite hitting the heights of M2, R1, SHG2 or even Napolean.Probs are as follows: Battlefields are tiny, mechanics such as collisions and single soldier vs multiple foes STILL unresolved (Grrr). I wanna see three saxon axes beating down, and eventually coercing a single pimped out Roman spear to yield, only to be mercilessly hacked into what resembles an overcooked haggis. Also, easy routing is a simple enough problem to fix you would think. Don't care about my men. My brothers would have some backbone and i'd expect the same from my honorable opponents. Oh, and bring the old arrow animations back, tracers? really? Maybe for the first few feet, if it's been raining. AI does largely rely on stacking, though more intelligent in battles, playing more to the individual strengths of an army.Overall. Good effort. Tougher campaign in the first few years. Yet not polished.Enjoy the mods, good work as usual from the greater community."
,Not Recommended,325610,21784583,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Pepes,"nice total war sequel and the gameplay is more challenging than total war rome 2, but bunch of DLC where it should be in the original game makes player angry and raging5/10 would buy DLC again"
76561198017101966,Recommended,325610,14554735,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Airwood,I love this game But its alittle to high priced. This is what rome should have started as so I would recommend it if you dont own rome 2. Just wait for it to go on sale if you want it.
,Recommended,325610,14875183,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Mar45690,Easy to mod and fun to play overall.Just some features I miss from Rome 2like being able to form conferderationas the Germans and seeing how longit takes before settlement rebel.9/10
76561198067771698,Recommended,325610,14604235,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Ṧ⎧⎧☯Ƒ,For its time:Rome = Great gameRome 2 = Below average.. to Okeyy (after patches)Attila =  Good game
76561198052266382,Not Recommended,325610,16867940,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Jackk,Every update is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Good game if you can bypass this.
76561198198215021,Not Recommended,325610,16876583,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,EveryJB,IF YOU ARE USING MAC THIS GAME SHUTS DOWN AS SOON AS YOU START THE CAMPAIN AFTER THE  MOVIE
76561198054533730,Recommended,325610,24614501,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,*****-fra,An amazing game with a very accurate historical setting. I strongly reccomend the game to all strategy games fans.
76561198060962447,Recommended,325610,14541897,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,BOB,"This game is good, but i can say that it seems like it is released in hurry. The game has no difference compare to Rome Total War 2, except the AI. The menu, sounds and mostly everything reminds you RTW2. I was disappointed, but I am a big fan of total war series therefore will play it with pleasure as always. I hope they really make changes in the future as RTW2. By the way, the AI is really intelligent and their moves make sense for real. Hard difficulty was enough for me this time !"
76561198063066383,Recommended,325610,19289019,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Proxel,"Has its problems (bugs, dlc practice, demanding on less than high end PC's) but overall id say its a good game."
,Recommended,325610,18439401,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,AFRICAN-CHICKEN CHARMER,Fire is cool
76561198066116465,Recommended,325610,19295850,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Majersk21,I love the graphics in this game... I also enjoy the playstyle
,Recommended,325610,14531763,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,HODOR,"What happens when developer admits their mistakes? What happens when they listen to their fans? I will tell you, what happens is Total War: Attila.Allmost every issue was sorted (note i said ALLMOST) but we need to be realistic because there no way that the game(s) will be 100% flawless. But the point is this game improved on everything 10thfold. Improved, Expanded and even bundled old favorite features that have been gone for years.Release state is quite a surprise, its very stable and totally playable (same level as shogun 2 release) and that alone is very positive, when we assisted the rome 2 release disaster that matched empire total war flop release state..... At least i can enjoy my 40 euros right out of the bat with Attila.Value wise,this game is cheaper than rome 2 (release price) and yet offer ALOT MORE content just as ""vanilla"" state. Has depth, Has atmosphere, Has variety and has beauty and has alot of replayability."
,Recommended,325610,14533777,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,cruciFy,"The Scourge of God, has that title left anything more to be desired? if Creative Assembly had a shaft consider it sucked, thats how deep this game goes."
76561198023735905,Recommended,325610,19292213,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,A Humpier Rogue,"This is nowhere near the game Rome 2 should have been according to the hype. But Attila is(in my opinion) where it should have been at minimum, unlike what we got"
,Recommended,325610,33117164,Posted: 1 July,all,snap (out of it),"It doesnt run too well, but its a very solid Total War game. The Horde mechanic is meh but AoC DLC is very fun and reminds me of a more medieval-like game."
76561198132041005,Recommended,325610,25039346,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,TheObviousSpecto,"Great game, Shame half of it is DLC"
76561198061330466,Recommended,325610,14522579,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,richw-50,108 minutes so far and no complaints from me. Runs well and plays well so far. Recommend-YES
76561198069997393,Recommended,325610,33113572,Posted: 1 July,all,Red Baron 03,"This is a great game. It improves on all the aspects of Rome 2 that were much simpler, like family dynamics and diplomacy, and trade. Great addition to the Total War library. I find the graphics a little too dark in places, in comparison, Rome 2 has an amazing art style throughout the game and really gets the lighting and shadows right unlike Attila which just seems lit poorly.Amazing game other than my personal thoughts about the lighting!"
,Recommended,325610,18131697,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Dusfarius,CA is making me very sad. How can you screw over so many loyal fans and not do or say anything about it.
,Recommended,325610,24396342,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Hibernia,"Probably up in the top 2 of my all time favorite total war games.The DLCs are nice, and I was extremely happy I got to play the celts.The Age of Charlemagne DLC is sweet as well."
76561198167203514,Recommended,325610,24194161,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Potencia Americana,"I recommend you to wait until Steam discount, if you are not sure to buy it. The same for DLCs. I've done it in that way.For me, 6/10.- Battle mode better in Rome II.- Vikings, Slavics, and other nations not included but in DLCs.- Almost 3€ for a DLC with ""Blood & Burning""?+ Innovation. A new historical period."
76561198044918549,Recommended,325610,14536485,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,JackBauerCTU,Your troops can climb siege towers along with the newly released feature of getting off the siege tower at the top.10/10 Huge step up
,Recommended,325610,32738332,Posted: 24 June,all,LittlestCutestBabyBunny,Hours on record so far: 106Hours playing actual Total War Atilla: 4 (probably)Hours playing Total War Attilla: Seven Kingdoms mod: 10210/10 - Best game purchased for a mod.(yea there are some other cool mods there... whatever. Seven Kingdoms is king)
76561198273280716,Recommended,325610,33189600,Posted: 3 July,all,UberBagels,"This game is amazing. The feeling of impending doom, the threat of a hunnic invasion, all of this creates an a purely phenomenal atmosphere that completely immerses you as a player. You know those epic strategy board games, like Stratego and Risk? Just imagine that, but on 10x the scale with way more immersion. That's what you get when you begin your adventure with Total War."
,Recommended,325610,20250856,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,BANDAGE MAN,"I can't say anything. Wow.I'll rate everything in one thing because a thing is in one thing. Wow, I rhyme good, don't I?Anyways, get to the point!Graphics, Units, Factions, Map, Campaign and Gameplay = 11/10DLCs = 3.2/5Only thing is, DLCs shouldn't cost more than $5 that look like the same units as the other ones."
,Not Recommended,325610,15500448,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Unknown,"This game is okay but not reccomend it to who want to buy this game right now...Better wait until 50%-75% offer.Its cool but its need to fix something...Better buy this game after 1-3 years later after they have finish fix stuff.I dont know should i recommend it or not but still i need to choose..So i not recommend this game for year 2015. :PHope they fix the menu in Total War:Attila and Graphic...Peace(Forgive me if i have say something wrong or hurt someone feeling,Peace)"
,Not Recommended,325610,16012657,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,AFatCat,no improvements made
76561198102290788,Not Recommended,325610,15975209,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,[63e] Ryzane369,cant get it working
76561198064664830,Not Recommended,325610,16002493,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Sticky Canadian(Trudeau SUX),"I love Total War, but CA are going to destroy the series if they continue making half♥♥♥♥♥games, and then shoving DLC down your throat, which should of been in the game from the start.Blood & gore as dlc is just ♥♥♥♥ing despicable!"
76561198053062947,Not Recommended,325610,15552985,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,JiMMy,"-NPC factions cheat! blatantly!It may not be an issue if you play a strong faction like Sassanids but once you play a weak faction with single town like Danes, Alans... you feel the pain! there is a single town minor faction next to you that upgraded that little city fully with no Public order, Sanitation or Food balancing and parked two Stacks next to it. one would naturally ask how the F is that possible?!-BLOOD and GORE is DLC! yes seriously! i am not kidding! grab money form players whenever possible!Update: So i come back to play as alans after they changed their units to see how are things! i settle in sarmatia europea because the region has wine and two ports, that makes it great for food and some wealth from commerce!Everything seemed to be fine till i noticed Hunnic stacks spawn in my region next to my city and attack the same turn! mind you that is not in the Fog of War but right next to my Capital!So basically the game itself breaking my game!You might say i should kill attila twice and solve it but one does not simply kill attila untill a certain year (425?)! you think this should be a common knowledge among the players but still i find this to be the general answer to the problems of Huns! just kill attila! no you dont?So this game was generally a Make Hype and Grab Cash sort of game right after Rome 2! Every youtuber who promoted and hyped this game should be ashamed of themselves but rarely people don't sell their souls to devil for Cash this day and age! right?I wonder how many of this shenanigans CA has pulled in Total War Warhammer? i still refuse to buy into that game! might as well be done with the developer!"
76561197961909777,Not Recommended,325610,15563064,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,The Major,"As for the game itself, I found it quite fun actually. The problem here is that the game is a huge money grab with no shame. It looks pretty much exactly the same (If not the same) as Total War: Rome II, has the same map and the same unit models, yet they charged $60 for it as well as Day 1 dlc factions. Yup, if you count each individual group you can play as a ""faction,"" then there were 10 in the base game. Within 3 weeks of the game being released (You saw that right, 3 weeks) they had released 3 different groups and a ""blood & gore"" dlc.The three groups were the Celts, Vikings and Longbeards and each dlc gave 3 more ""factions."" Yup, so in3 weeksthey increased their roster from the vanilla 10 to 19! That's pretty much double!  To add even MORE insult, each faction group is $7.99usd a pop and the blood&gore dlc, which should have been in the game in the first place, was not in the vanilla game because  A) they release it as a $2.99 dlc later and B) Get a lower esrb rating.One could argue that ""Hey, it's a $44.99 usd game.. I can forgive dlc,"" and I would agree with you. But, when you release three group dlcs (9 factions) for $7.99 a piece and the blood and gore pack for $2.99all within three weeks of the game being releasedthat is unexceptable. You are paying $71.95 usd for a game that should, by all rights, only still be $45 if they hadn't purposefully cut content out.tl;dr - the game is a money grab. While it is fun enough to play, I would wait for a sale if you are still going to get it due to their inflated prices and dlc spam."
76561198149745873,Not Recommended,325610,15880642,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Shoga,"When i bought this game, i was expecting it to be a really good game with a lot of depth and good game play. But alas, twas not meant to be. This game, in my opinion, really sucks. If you're like me, you like the civilized factions like the Greeks, the Romans, the Carthaginians, the Successor Kingdoms, and the Persian/Eastern groups. But 57 out of the 60 factions are barbarians. The game was also laggy and crashed several times in the 14 hours I played it. This game is so bad I couldn't even play it for more than about half a day. I made the mistake of pre-ordering this game to the DLC that came with it if you pre-ordered the game. Normally that would be a good deal. But the problem with this was that the game is not worth what they asked for it. The only reason I even bought this game is because Rome 2 happens to my favorite game ever. The only things I liked were the family tree and the different religions. In short this game is utterly uninspiring. 3/10"
,Recommended,325610,33787728,Posted: 25 July,all,Ignaeon,"Religions could have been fleshed out better, but it's a war game.Most factions were overly generalized probably due to lazyness or rush.It's an awesome game, but people should avoiding paying for the next one untilthey stop the DLC faction packs and just give us all the factions from the start.Preferably NOT all lumped into a ""barbarian"" classification with the same buildings.And in the off chance Creative Assembly reads this, make a save converter between Rome 2 and Attila. Come on, you're better than Paradox. Prove it."
,Recommended,325610,21263659,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Oligarque russe,"Probably my favorite Total War. The UI is a lot better, the empire managing is more difficult (which is good) and the AI seems to be better than in Rome II but still, isn't great. At first I didn't really liked the time period of the game but it is really much more interesting that it looks like. Also, if it's your first Total war game, and you're hesitating between buying Warhammer, Rome II or Attila, definitively buy Attila."
76561198147679056,Recommended,325610,20128722,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Barney,It is a very fun strategy game
76561198030164489,Recommended,325610,30401193,Posted: 8 March,all,mafila,"This is by far the most difficult TW game I have played. I find it to be slightly better than Rome II, it's just a shame that the DLC is so expensive."
,Not Recommended,325610,22228766,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Gay Fer Da Empra,"Get this on sale, otherwise it is not worth it. I put a lot of time into the game and found a bug that will guarentee a dexync on turn 101. so multiplayer campaign is not an option, Most of the playable factions are behind a paywall, It is not balanced for competitive multiplayer so you are lucky to find players. Go play rome 2, there is at least a playerbase there."
76561198088201480,Not Recommended,325610,22230308,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,r0b0wnz,"garbage, game has been out a while and simple bugs have not been fixed while they still make new dlc and games to make money"
,Not Recommended,325610,17579082,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Father,"Please, for the love of god. Don't waste your money on this game. It's such a sham."
76561198007257607,Not Recommended,325610,16801634,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,pdianetti,really disappointed by the endless DLC total war has been trying to force you to buy
76561198074235355,Not Recommended,325610,15454923,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,... ..,"simply unplayable on an iMac which complies to system requirements, even with all the graphic settings at the minimum. waste of my money."
76561198306855275,Recommended,325610,24971899,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,♞♞♞♞♞,best total war ever!
,Not Recommended,325610,16945211,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,The Green Goblin,"Similar graphics to Rome II with some better looks, its basically Rome 1 barbarian invasion with terrible balance and broken op dlc. The missle AI is terrible and the seiges are terrible. Things just crumble when captured and missles sail right over every target. The huns are broken as I know from playing an all horse archer army and upon running out of ammo without killing anything, I suicide charged into the enemy spearmen but it wasnt a suicide charge because I flattened all of them with my charge and killed them instantly. The dlc factions have some deserters with blatantly op stats, like a heavy infantry unit with double attack and no penalties elsewhere. They are all generic barbarian things when all the factions should have been in the game to begin with."
76561198028066919,Recommended,325610,14584091,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,molotovsoda vic,"Great come back for CA, Rome II really left me feeling that perhaps CA is off my list of devs I buy from no matter what they make(call it brand loylty)Attila feels as if it was made by a different set of people and the focus has shifted back to making a great game rather than simplifying everything and releasing a half made product to cash in on.I was also happy to see a lot less hype and add money being spent by sega and in turn putting it into the game itself."
,Recommended,325610,23235127,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Summation,"Great Total War - they improve every iteration.  I especially like this one because the art, coloring and general feel of the game is just slightly more gritty and visceral than past games, which is my personal preference."
,Recommended,325610,24057696,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,KiroPixel,"Good game. Good game cause of the depth, realism, battles, multiplayer, replayability and each campaign is unique. Its very tough on people who are beginners but you eventually learn how to play through the massive tutorial and experince. Also, the price is a bit high, wait for it in sale cause you can get it for £7 orwhatever it is in $, or euro, yen.... Almost forgot to mention, its got some great mods and if you get DLC you can get even better ones like Medival 1212AD."
76561198044089766,Not Recommended,325610,35491860,Posted: 5 October,all,Flaming Green Flatulence,"While there is much to like in this game, there are bugs in the game that haven't been fixed since being first reported in 2015, and these will eat away at what enjoyment there is to be had in the game. Parts of the family tree can disappear when characters re-marry, making it impossible to interact politically with them. Agents +/- effects on public order/corruption/etc are as likely as not to have the opposite effect (not an intended feature). Items/The General's abilities/The Army traits/Office bonuses to unit level on recruitment will seemingly randomly subtract rather than add to a units level. I've had a General with +3 to infantry level from gloves, +2 to all recruits from his own abilities, +2 to infantry from Army traits give a +4 bonus in total, and when I put him 'In Office' so that he got another +3 to infantry, the level of the same troops, in the same city, that he could recruit DROPPED 3 levels. Naval recruitment is a crap shot.  Building naval docks might unlock the units it's meant to, but don't bet on it, and chances are you'll be able to recruit naval units that require the naval dock in a provence that doesn't have one. Landing naval units brings it's own nightmares, with limited landing spots that can't be used if the other side has sent ships to them first (which the AI will do in an instant), irrespective of how close your ships are relative to theirs.Game support post release? Not from this lot."
76561198007524639,Recommended,325610,22032374,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Jinglemisk,"Started as Saxons, conquered Northern Germany and Denmark, said to myself: ""Hrmph, I should first get a strong foothold here, then as Anglo-Saxons I'll conquer England.""Meanwhile, I'm laughing because all the primary missions are ""Survive until year XXX"" and I am like ""Dude are you serious I am like the bestest of the best Total war campaigners.""Two chapters (primary missions) later I've abandoned all my 6 cities in Europe and migrated to Britain, captured London, lost London, pillaged all my way until I reached Ireland.Now I drink Guiness and pray to my new Celtic gods that Huns don't know how to swim.15/10 would migrate again."
76561198058734395,Recommended,325610,16763262,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,djosha,"Well, that is a good game. Used and combined the best things from earlier versions, without problems. It is like some the best of CA."
,Recommended,325610,21225773,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,ΒΑΣΙΛΕΩΣ,"Certainly CA's best game since the good old classics of MTWII and RTW. Great graphics, sound, and a great deal of effort to simulate some of the climatic and political upheavals.Sadly it does fail on an historical accuracy level Roman armies, fantasy Germanic and Sassanid units. It is also a shame religious upheaval cannot be represented. There was not Latin West Orthodox East.  It was all Orthodoxy Council of Nicea.Fortunately modding can add and change many of these things as do later DLC. I can only hope CA intend to continue to add to this game."
76561198064483420,Recommended,325610,20598581,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,p1,"Very fun game.  A bit more difficult than Rome II.  It causes you to juggle sanitation, squalor, food, and public order.  It also adds very fun religious, and horde mechanics."
76561197985483054,Recommended,325610,21107470,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Dandy,"Waited with buying this game for nearly a full year because of the negative reviews.  I just got the game and have been playing a short campaign.  It is more enjoyable than rome 2 by far, I havn't had any crashes or any game breaking bugs.  There are some problems with the ai still, that includes the campaign map and battles.  Horde AI will randomly roam around the map instead of heading off and taking a new land.  Battle AI seems solid except with the odd pathing issues during sieges.I got the dlc factions and the game at a 75% discount during the new year sale and I think it is well worth it.  The factions are very different to each other with different problems to face and solutions to those problems."
76561198090440705,Recommended,325610,16704160,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Ousom_Dude,Simply a great game absolutely love it!
,Recommended,325610,21109138,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Gregor the Goblin Shark,9/10 would relive megalomaniac fantasies and bring about the end of the Western world again
76561198107078301,Recommended,325610,16838784,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Krantaz,"Having just finished the Grand Campaign as the Eastern Roman Empire, I decided now is the best time to put my review into the game as well as playing over 40+ hours. This game takes a somewhat new playing style as you can become nomads and become hordes instead of occupying citites. This was absolutly fun and generally enjoyed the new style. Could they have done better with the idea? Yes, but otherwise it is still decent and I enjoyed the game and will continue to play it. The armies in this game though look ugly, some like the celts look like they were thought of in 5 seconds by simply slapping PJ's onto them and giving them a sword and shield, but we do have the option for mods to change the armies but they still could have put more effort into character customization. They have also brought back the family tree which is great. My first experiance with this was during Total war : Shogun and i really enjoyed the idea of managing your family and other parties as well on a much larger scale. The map in the game is the same size of TW Rome 2 but i felt it was smaller ( Possibly due to less cities or just my view?) Anyways through, it was absolutly fun to explore and upgrade towns as in other total war series.This game was and still is very fun to play, although I am still a little disappointed in CA for making DLC of other factions that other people could easily make mods for and Same with the Last Roman pack, a decent modder would be able to make it, that content should have been free or at a much greater reduced price than $8 and selling it as Day 1 DLC. So this shows they did have them completed before the release of the game, same with the blood and gore DLC like WTF? seriously? Does CA think they can sell already inside the game content for $?Overall I give the game a 10/10 would play again and i give CA -650 food supply while the Hunnic Hordes roll on to their lands to sack and plunder:)"
76561198055739036,Recommended,325610,25629872,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Salah-Al-Din,"An absolutel terrific game. Brought back all the classic TW features missing form Rome II. Seasons, Family Trees, and a GREAT  variety of factions. New mechanics are awesome. The doomsday-like feel of the game is definitely a welcome change from Rome II. Defeintely a must for any Total Wars fans !"
76561198047547993,Not Recommended,325610,21299450,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Waagenator,"I don't recommend paying full price for this game.The real title should be ATTILA: TOTAL DLC.Just to put things in perspective, you have to pay $5 for a 'Gore pack' in order to see blood in this game...To be completely honest, this game is fun, and they've improved the battle system and campaign map over previous TW games. However... I just can't recommend anyone support CA's increasingly greedy anti-consumer practices by buying this game at full price.When you buy this game, about half the content (factions, campaigns, world maps, etc.) is immediately behind DLC pay walls. Looking through the menu, this game feels like a free-to-pay mobile app, with the amount of content you have to purchase separately. Just toOn top of that, CA has been refusing to listen to it's fan base on numerous issues. Fans have been asking for multiplayer grand campaigns (more than two players) since Medieval 1, and while CA promised it would be in 'Empire', that turned out to be a lie. CA also has a history of launching terrible products and not addressing it (look up Rome 2 Fiasco).To be fair, there is fun to be had in this game. But if I didn't get it at 75% off, I would be disappointed.I personally will not pay full price for anything from Creative Assembly."
,Recommended,325610,21295638,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,NBroadsword,"While it does have a lot of compatibility and optimization issues, the game itself brings some new ideas to the Total War field.  I find it difficult to really support a lot of Total War games (Like Empire and Napoleon) but looking back on the games I do find them quite enjoyable and interesting to play.  While the AI has evolved since those days, it looks like Creative Assembly is working hard in making sure the game brings about some sort of challenge no matter what difficulty level you are playing on.  Laugh if you'd like, but winning a battle with 1 full stack against 4 full stacks isn't exactly an easy task, especially when they can do this over and over and over again, while you're limited on funding."
76561198193182183,Not Recommended,325610,15652726,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,KenShin,"Just bought this, same engine with Rome 2, and now i know why they didn't set antialiasing into Rome 2, when i played this game, i got 32 fps in MLAA (all in MAX QUALITY SETTING, SSAO, vignette, distortion, blood, unlimited video are on) when zoom out on map campaign/RTS, and around 22 fps when zoom in, you can imagine the performance in 8x MSAA. What make Rome 2 difference with Attila is: i can play versus AI in ultra setting even with double teams on both sides with my i7 4940MX gtx 870M very smooth (no zoom in/out issue). But i think i has decided to play Shogun 2: FoTS again and again, till the company release new game with new engine which it be able to understanding the hearts and minds of those who have a system like me (wish it's Warhammer). :'(O Creative Asembly, Please bring back my wonderful Total War experience since first Shogun to Shogun 2.I appologies for bad english."
,Recommended,325610,16727577,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,🎃Nyarlathotep🎃,people are complaining over nothing. this game is lots of fun and introduces new things to the total war series
76561198019827378,Recommended,325610,16738836,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,vacuuum,No words... TW is MASTERPIECE! PC GAME LEGEND!... only one game series which i'll buy with no doubts!!!
76561198138030740,Recommended,325610,14865240,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,elig878,I belive that attila is a very good game for example if people complain about this game but don't complain about rome 2 doesn't make sense in my opinon this game is what rome 2 should have been but i have to say its a good total war and not a piece of junk like empire that i completely hate i recommand attila over rome 2 any day :D only issue is the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t DLC's -_- 7.99 for 3 factions no no no bull♥♥♥♥♥♥ripe off but other than that good game :P
76561198000133496,Not Recommended,325610,19410848,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Nietzsche,"In a nutshell...and behold, the fifth horseman of the apocalypse.  Buy this DLC now for only for $9.99 at this limited time offer.Milking the cash cow at it's best."
,Recommended,325610,20023272,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,oTier,"Total War: ATTILAATTILa is a very fun game for history nuts or just for strategically minded people in general. ATTIL, though hard to run, has stunning graphics and a great atsmopher in which you strive to  maintain your kingdom, but also to conquer other kingdoms.Despite the reviews ATTILa is not bad game. Though not the best within the franchise it still is a fun and enjoyable game. The game brings back features from the previous Total War games and adds new features within comabat and diplomacy. There is mechanics that work well and there are some that don't. The ai in ATTILa is... special. At random moments the ai will just run back and forth wearing out there men and not attacking you. Sometimes though, the ai will do something smart and put you in tough positions w/ criticle outcomes.If your a history nut then you'll apreciate this game w/o all of the mechanics, combat and diplomacy. The game allows you to play as the corrupted roman halfs, the barbarous Kingdoms, The persian empire, Great Migrators, and even the Huns w/ their legendary General ATTILA. Though there is much replayability to this is as you don't have to follow the historcle timeline and if you wanted to, could resotre rome to it's former glory by conquering the entire map!The game has a thing w/ fire and destruction giving you the ability to raze a settlemen or catch one on w/ fire. ATTILA has great seiges, though are sometimes buggy, and well forged combat system making the battles more strategy then just brute force(although that works sometimes). The diplomacy aswell can have strategy to it aswell as the decisions you make carry impact to what could or could not happen.However, the DLC for this game is horrible. The few good ones being the last roman campaing and the age of charlemagne. the rest just being silly cultures packs that add about 2 factions to game for 8$.Overall this game is, though not perfect, enjoyable espicially if you love history. It offers alot, like the strategic battles and diplomatic decisions w/ historicle starting zones, but the ability to change the historicle timeline. It takes alot aswell though, making certain parts being buggy and laggy w/ glitches. I feel that this game has alot of potential. But 60% of the times, games live up to that potential. Sadly this game is the 40%, though it's still great, if could have been alot better.Rating For Total War ATTILA:7.8/10"
76561198008877528,Recommended,325610,23592493,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,j.rodriguez,"Very realistic and entetraining. Lots of tension tactically specially in the beginning. Looming defeat is always present. Political system is complex but nothing to worry about at lower levels. Try this game at Easy if you haven't played it before, learning curve is steeper than with the other total wars. Once mastered it is a lot of fun."
,Not Recommended,325610,16038356,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Vilvasic,The game is really good but add more factions!Stop making everything a freaking DLC!!
76561198066812167,Not Recommended,325610,20651994,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,GabeNoodle,"Other than the fact that most of the game is dlc, I found this really frustrating to play overall. The AI can be down right idiotic, and cavalry is broken. The map and factions are awesome but I just don't find myself having very much fun playing this. Seige battles are repetative and the terrain doesn't change much from one battlefield to the next. Navy combat is unsuprisingly frustrating. Would not recommend"
76561198006591585,Not Recommended,325610,21348478,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Chief Zuma,"I love this game.I love it so much that bought a whole new computer just for it.And it still runs like crap.Honestly this is a good game, and I know it's odd to give a bad review to a game you like, but when you're really engrossed in a campaign and it starts taking double the ammount of time it did in the beginning to end a turn, it's beyond frustrating.I overlooked this when the game was newer. I figured it was like Rome II, that the developers would gradually make it run vastly better over the course of a number of patches, but here we are a year later and no better off despite lots of DLC patches. I don't actually mind the DLC, I feel like it actually adds something to the game, but when you're only making DLC instead of the patches to make the game run tolerably well, it's clear your priorities are wrong.Don't get me wrong. There's a lot ot enjoy here. The siege escalation feature is one of my favorite things ever in a total war game, and the graphics, if you can turn them up, are breathtaking. In so many ways this game feels like What Rome II promised us in that very misleading carthage demo so long ago, but unless you have a computer made by in the workshop of the gods of technology, all of the fun of this game will just feel like a taunt, reminding you of what you're missing out on."
76561198123024379,Recommended,325610,21350870,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Pumble,"A really good game. The army battles look ferocious and the fire mechanics give a good feel of city siege destruction. I do wish there was more options to play as smaller, minor nations of the grand campaign. I usually like to play as a small nation just trying to weather the storm rather than a mighty empire trying to conquer or survive vengeance from the barbaric hordes. Sadly those opportunities are very few. Mods do allow a certain level of minor faction ability but not as much as you'd like.All in all a good game. Most of the negative reviews are just people annoyed with the DLC Market Industry, and have nothing to do at all with the quality of this game, so please try and ignore those. They are unfairly tarnishing the game's score with their own complaints about a marketing mechanic they should really just take to company directly.I recommend this game, but make sure you have the recommended specs or you'll have some fps drop issues and general slowness."
76561198028068906,Not Recommended,325610,20948721,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Fall,"ok , Creative Assembly im down with you , more culture packs of factions that are ALREADY IN THE GAME , blood and dismemberment AGAIN as dlc , you already pulled this♥♥♥♥♥♥in rome 2 its the same freaking game whats wrong with you ?As for the game , sure its better than rome 2, but hell, a turd is better than rome 2 This is not enough , this game is not nearly enough"
76561198066649235,Not Recommended,325610,20360109,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,mikehawkis2cool,"Requires top of the line cpu and graphics card to run without it looking like potato. Horribly ""optimized""."
76561198006656556,Not Recommended,325610,17113629,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,CommandrInChief,"Highly disappointing game that marks the beginning of the end for the franchise as it moves further away from the roots of total war (historical) to fantasy. Rather than improving on Rome II, this game takes all the bad and makes it worse. Barbarian hordes are next to impossible to engage, the game map makes even less sense, and the construction sequences are nonsensical. Clearly this game was released in a rush so as not to interfere with the Creative Assembly's timeline for their partnership with Games Workshop."
76561198244831224,Recommended,325610,25293942,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Sigh#On,good fun lots of factions however most share the same troops and can feel like your doing the same thing hint play as any viking faction and take over england late game you become an unstoppable force
76561198012307279,Recommended,325610,16425353,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Napolitain,"The best Total War game ever made, and with mods, by far."
76561198111033196,Not Recommended,325610,16453368,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,The Sultan,"The game is good: beautiful visuals and music, best ui in a total war game yet, interesting campaign design and new additions.. but the lack of content really makes it boring at some point. There are 9 base game factions and 9 DLC ones (so far... )which is a shame really. In Medieval 2 you had to beat the faction you want to play as (considering it's not playable at first) with a playable faction to unluck it, not buy hte faction itself!"
76561198027613833,Not Recommended,325610,19229081,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,|JTF| I see dead people,This game is a heap of junk.1. It crashes on every loadingscreen before battles.2. Campaign map is horrible3. AI sucksDon't buy it. Save your money for something better.
76561198033978802,Not Recommended,325610,20982843,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Phantus,"Attila obviously should have been Rome 2 DLC.  Charlemagne has almost as many changes as Attila did and it's $15.The UI's slightly different, a minor graphical uptick with a few tweaks to game mechanics ie; family tree, horde mechanic, fire and that's pretty much it.  Has some lag issues that aren't found in Rome 2 and its end game is weak as the Horde simply burns everything to the ground leaving a barren, lifeless wasteland.  Not overly entertaining after the first grand campaign.  As always, the modding community has done a great job fixing the game for CA and Sega.Attila is good when thought of as $15 Rome 2 DLC but is obviously unacceptable and certainly not recommedable as a stand alone $150 experience.Until Sega sells the TW property to someone less predatory my friends and I will continue to just play one TW generation behind to avoid the contentless base game, embarrassing initial optimization and criminal DLC regimen.  There's no urgency in gaming which is nice.  Looking forward to playing Total Warhammer 1.5 years from now."
76561197983131478,Not Recommended,325610,17577225,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,loki1944,"Another stagnant iteration in the Total War series which shows a lack of effort and innovation on the part of Sega/CA (not to mention a case for idiocracy judging by all the hype addled 10s tossed around). The AI in ATW, as in R2TW, is absolutely awful and continues to rely on varying degrees of cheats/handicaps to give the impression of a challenge. This is no longer acceptable; AI should have historically and situationally based strategic and operational objectives at this point in the series, unlike the wildly chaotic (and historically/strategically ludicrous) and nonsensical AI on display in this game. A good example of this is the tendency of hordes to commit faction suicide in senseless attacks. Crappy battle AI is still a factor, with AI units sometimes continually exchanging places (re: milling in confusion) or standing still next to a wall while getting machinegunned by archers. If anything the focus of graphics over substance is indicative of the CoD approach that Sega/CA are adopting post-Shogun. The lack of significant AI improvements is pathetic. I have tried many, many mods and put in a lot of hours in the hopes of this game being a worthwhile addition to the series, but nothing can repair this level of deficit. This will be my last Total War game, a sad thing coming from a fan of the series since Shogun I, as this game put the nail in the coffin for the series in tandem with RTW2 with the massive lack of substance and innovation, a poor parody of Barbarian Invasion to RTW I in this case. In the end I would recommend the EBII mod for MTW2 over this game, at least the EBII mod put some effort into the substance."
76561198043315347,Recommended,325610,22758434,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,bos04011635,"This is a good and worthwhile game to own! The gameplay is reasonable, the real time battles are good fun and the historical accuracy is ok (everyone can atleast learn a bit about history from the TW games).I also like the new caracter/general/army developement part of the game and especially the nomadic feature, although town/city development has been left a little wanting and the fact I can't change capitol location!One thing I would like to see in a future TW game (even if it's just 1 game) would be the whole thing in RTS!"
76561198327066973,Recommended,325610,28297695,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,payam24601,This is the kinda historical total war u absolutely want. This game finally gives u a real experience of how to run a nation and and fight to bulid/preserve your empire (alternatively u can play as huns and ruin the world u psychopaths :D ) i personally totaly loved the campaign mechanism and the graphics. although the cutscenes could be really better and minor objectives more competitive but still... grand campaign is fantastic (single and coop both!) The battles are not perfect but not bad neither( huns are totally superior something like rome in rome 2) and finally get it on a sale or else dlcs are gonna drain ur accountFinally this is the real deal for total war and strategy fans who like it historical !9/10
,Recommended,325610,23245774,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,N9NΞCROSIX,Yis
76561198007350417,Not Recommended,325610,28286607,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Koro *T*R*Y*,"I just can't bring myself to like the mechanics of this game. Fleets being able to sail up and capture small settlements in 1 turn and near impossible to guard a large coastline that you'll inevitably have.Endless hordes of Huns until you finally kill Attila 3 times, I think it is. So until you've overcome him amongst his 6-7 death stacks, they will keep spawning untouched by other defeats.Then there's the fact the a horde can swoop in and destroy a province completely in 1 turn. That could at least have something that takes 2 turn so you have a chance to repell the destruction.Overall, to me, the game feels like it's much more about overcoming punishing mechanics than it is about roleplaying a roman history, which I otherwise am very interested in."
,Recommended,325610,16029853,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,[WOLF] JJ,"Very fun and immersive campaign experience. Sadly, most factions of the same type (barbarian, horde, etc) have little difference with eachother and I find it difficult to play the campaign more than once per faction group. Campaigns in general always unfold the same way (WRE crumbling in 5 years, huns razing everything east of germany and having an inifnite number of armies).  Multiplayer is great, yet it is unbalanced and rarely patched. Overall, a good game with many flaws that never seem to be fixed."
76561198034996788,Recommended,325610,33101311,Posted: 1 July,all,Pazos,Great experience
76561198065782394,Recommended,325610,14530656,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,sL1ck ♨,(+) Lots improvements from Total War: Rome II(+) New interface/Ui.(+) Good Graphic.(+) Add family tree and improved political management.(+) More Difficult.(-) Factions are not a lot of choice.(-) Sometimes AI unit is slow to respond our command.8.0/10
,Recommended,325610,14529531,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,tolgon,"Great game in the TW series, feels as amazing as Shogun II but with the gritty and dark theme of Roman destruction.Compared to Rome II there have been a bunch of new features (re)introduced that improve the gameplay a lot too, like family tree and assigning governors.Overall I would say that for any fan of the TW series, this game will give you a lot of enjoyment. Goodluck playing the Western Roman Empire though, that stuff is as hard as Duke Nukem's balls."
76561198005510864,Recommended,325610,21712664,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Yoda Nobunaga,"Total War: Attila is to Rome II what Napoleon Total War was to Empire: it is a more polished, better optimized version of a previous game set in a time period that is close enough in proximity to make the style of warfare (and therefore gameplay) similar, but far enough away to add new mechanics that do not look suspicious or out of place. If Rome II is about building an Empire, Attila is about surviving an onslaught of calamity or causing it, depending on what side of the wall you are on.The Good:The Setting...Attila is set during a time period of terror and dispair. Themes such as disease, war, famine, loss of hope, and the failings of civilization are ever present. The game is not fair, nor does it pretend to be. I can say honestly without reservation that when you play Attila, you are playing a game where the board is stacked against you and you are always one step behind its devilish designs. Sometimes, the only option is to make the best out of a bad situation and soldier on. Other times, the only option is to start the game over after being systemically dismantled. The game is engaging however, and has a lot more character than previous total war titles with in game cinematics telling the tale of Attilas rise and fall as the scourge of God. This game is about survival first and foremost: conquest or glory takes a back seat. The music is also leaps and bounds better than Rome II and sets the mood.The Gameplay...The gameplay both on the campaign map and in battles is quite good. It is arguably what Rome II should have been at launch. Unlike Rome II, I play this game absent any mods and I find the AI is punishing and as devious as ever. Seiges and playing on the defensive has never been so fun in a total war game since Shogun 2. Playing on the offensive is simply not an option for several factions until you are 100 + turns in as your units simply do not have the capabilities (the Romans). For other factions, offence is THE ONLY option. This means that the game has huge replayability: the game will play differently everytime you play as a new faction. With so many factions to choose from, you will be playing this game for a long time. Add in the Age of Charlamagne DLC, and you will be playing even longer. However, as mentioned above, Attila is a game where paranoid strategists will feel right at home because the game is stacked against you. It is not fair, and you will lose...a lot. But like games such as XCOM, sometimes getting pummelled is just part of the fun. You will lose a campaign 150 turns in and still be amazed with how epic it all was. New gameplay mechanics like a family tree, sanitation, hordes, governors, and my personal favourite, the ability to set fire to settlements while in battle are a delight.The Grapĥics...The game looks amazing and is optimized far better than Rome II. Running this on max graphics settings is quite a sight to behold. The new settlement razing mechanic both in the campaign map and in battle look amazing. It feels like you are there, fighting in Rome with the entire city burning around you, and that is pretty sweet. The graphics in this game are what was promised in Rome II at launch...incredible. There is not much else to say on the matter. The game is beautiful.The Challenge...Playing as Western Rome is the most satisfying but brutally hard game of total war I have ever played. And I loved every second of it.The Bad:Preferences...This game is not a traditional total war game. I personally view this in the games favour as I like the change of direction, but this is something that divided many fans. It is less of a historical what if simulator and more of a historical survival simulator.Razing...By the end of the game almost the entirety of the map will be a pile of burnt tinders. This makes expansion an expensive proposition late game, as it takes on average, 10,000 gold to rebuild a minor settlement. This makes the legendary victories time consuming to achieve more than challenging. You will often get a minor victory and find yourself in a wasteland with no other factions left, and just call it quits rather than mash end turn over and over to save to rebuild. I like the razing mechanic but wish the AI used it a bit less zealously. That said, razing settlement after settlement as Attila is a blast.Bar Bar...$$...Barbarian Factions must spend so much gold to transform roman settlements into their own that it is unreasonable. Again, this acts as a barrier to rapid expansion, and forces you to sit back, turtle, and save money more than I would like.Conclusion: Buy when on sale with Age of Charlamagne expansion. Do not buy any of the other DLC, as it is not worth the $$. Buy instead of Warhammer TW."
76561198030980450,Recommended,325610,14554263,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Tallestdavid,Best Total war so far! :Dnext to ROme II of course.but this one has amazing features like a crusader kingish 2 diplo stuff within your nation... alot of drama!feels more detail then rome II but i just love rome II the most though only for its era.I really hope for CA to make Medieval 3 total war. I want to be Kingdom of rome in this type of game with its hot features! hail hydra!
,Not Recommended,325610,25595679,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Cleetus (bone hurting juice),"Attila TW is probably the most frustrating to play out of the entire TW seriesWhy?CITY MANAGEMENTThe entire premise of city management is balancing population ""public order"" (happiness) and resource productionCity buildings give maybe 1-5 happy while it costs 30= food each seasonBuilding food producing buildings causes social unrest for some reason, offsetting the happiness gained from your city building. To cover this you need to build ""communal grounds"" which give +public order but costs enormous food consumption. Building industry also causes enourmous unrest. Trying to balance this will plunge your cities into social unrest very quickly.Food is shared amongst your entire empire, but individual regions suffer unrest if they aren't producing enough food for themselves, making it very difficult to see where the food is being produced and who needs it the most. You have to station a full army stack in a region to give enough public order to come out even. Sending this army out to do army stuff will often cause negative order and will cause a rebellion if not stationed back in the city soon.BattlesOne stack vs one stack battles are normal and mostly problem free. The problems arise when four or five armies (stacks) do battle. Auto resolve lets the game resolve the battle without playing them. Unless you have a huge numbers superiority it is almost always better to play them yourself. When you have more than one army, the game only lets you control one army at a time, with units trickling in from the borders (often far enough away that they will have no effect on the main combat). If you need certain units that could turn the tide for you, like cavalry, archers or seige engines you are unable to choose your army makeup before or during setup.THE HUNSThe main antogonists of the game, they will rampage through the map razing any cities in their way. So what can you do against them? Almost nothing really, when you have one stack in your borders and they do the plundering thing, your food production can be crippled, causing famine and decimating your armies very fast. When the Huns have no other target except you, expect 4 or 5 death stacks ready to seige you. If you like getting BTFO at turn 150 then you might enjoy the game. Battle AI for the huns is really cheesy as well. If you are in terrain advantage like a steep hill, the huns will refuse to attack you and will sit in thier deployment zone and not move. If you move against them they will use mobility and encircle you and surely win. Waiting out a 60 minute battle on x3 acceleration is not fun. On th ecampaign map if you find a lone stack of huns and can beat them, they will retreat farther than you can follow them, even if they are completely surrounded by stacks, they will still be able to run away.TL:DRAttila is a highly frustrating game that highlights many flaws with TW series as a whole."
76561198064959955,Recommended,325610,23667436,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,michael_dutoit,Another fantastic game from Total War.
76561198007583969,Recommended,325610,22596734,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Lucius,"This is a really good game. I've played the Total War games since the 1st Shogun. Rome 2 was seriously unfortunate, but CA has somewhat redeemed themselves with this game.HOWEVER...the optimization for PCs is attrocious and you need a serious rig to run it smoothly on the highest settings. I had an AMD 8 core black edition with a R390 card and it wasnt enough. I had to upgrade to an i7...rediculous.And unfortunately CA CONTINUES to fleece its customers with DLCs. Its for this reason that since Shogun 2 I have not bought the Total War games until they're on a serious sale.All that said, this is a dang good addition to the series and a cool innovation with the roaming hordes. All in all, this game is  worth a solid $25-$30.00. I paid $15.00, but as I said, the DLC practice makes me wait for these games until a serious Winter or Summer sale."
,Recommended,325610,20478947,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,LSHE97,"Let's go through the new things.- Family tree's return!- Sanitation (how healthy/clean your city/province is)- Fertility (decreases over time due to ""climate change"")- Hordes (Huns, Alans, Goths)- Re-worked politics system- At first the sanitation was kind of annoying, same for the fertility because it always kept you busy building things in order to improve it. Over time I started to like it, since it stopped the ""mow through the A.I"" type of conquest if only for a time. If you even cared about it, anyway.- The family tree helps this game immensely by actually making you care about your generals. I always have my king/prince in the main army, making me extra careful and therefore almost insuring I don't rush into battle, it's great.- The hordes are basically like the ""no more land"" factions from Rome 2 if you took their land they are an army running about, the diffirence lies in that the hordes have their own mobile camp and can also just burn anything in their way (any faction can but the hordes benefit from it).- The politics system is still abit boring and needs more work done on it, I said it was re-worked but I actually prefer Rome 2's ""more casual"" system...One cannot talk about any Total War game without bringing up mods, that's like playing Skyrim on PC without mods. There are currently a few interesting mods in development that are really promising, such as the Medieval Kingdoms or Ancient Empires. Since TW Attila is based at the end of the Roman Empire and the beginning of the Medieval times it's a great spot to have both mods.That does not however mean that there haven't been any cool mods yet, Terminus TW - Ageless empires is a good one, although it's been discontinued as well as the Clovis Origin(something) Europae.All in all, is it fantastic? Not quite. Is it as bad as Rome 2? Not even close. It's a step in the right direction for the TW franchise after Rome 2's step backwards. It has faults and issues, but the experience of playing it if you're into Turn based/RTS games is great.I give it an 8/10. Amazing game. Recommended to any new or old TW player."
,Not Recommended,325610,24356258,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Cartourius,"Lazy and uninspired, this game is poorly balanced with the many dlc factions having far superior units. The huns sit around in the wasts doing nothing and the AI will send fleets of ships and armies from across the world to burn a random village you control. Finally everything is brown, the buildings, the men, uniforms and evey the UI which just makes this feel dull."
,Recommended,325610,21234599,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,BerryParty,"The game and mechanics for this is probably the best from the Total War franchise in my opinion.However, the way SEGA is pushing for so many DLC is kinda rubbish, and also the main reason this game has so bad reviews. Which I think is a shame, considering how fun this game actually is.Sadly steam reviews only allows you to either approve or disapprove, and with the game being more fun than the infuriation of SEGA's cash grabbing dlc, I think this game deserves a recommendation.Ja"
76561198043308437,Recommended,325610,16764273,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,thomaskuznicki,"This is a finished, polished game worth buying.  The people angry with the DLC are angry at capitalism.  You can wait and pick the extras up during a sale, they aren't necessary to play this good game."
,Recommended,325610,16540308,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,mulchrone,"Total War: Attila is an okay game. It performs well, even on PCs that aren't the top of the line such as my own. The politics system is unengaging, but you will end up using it from time to time.  The migrating factions are interesting to play as but most of the decisions are matters of fight or flight (but I feel that's the point). The Sassanid Empire is perfect for beginning players because of the distance between you and the migrating factions. It is true that the AI does raze way too much and the north and northeast will be mostly empty latter on. I do feel the factions have a lot of similar units, and that they clearly took out some factions purely for DLC (I can conceive no reason why Vikings, Celts or ""longbeards"" couldn't be put in the original game). I do recommend it but get some mods as well because they will fix some of these problems."
,Recommended,325610,21240645,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,hayseed,"In short, this is a pretty good game. However, many people, including myself, were disapointed by how the base game was gutted for DLCs and faction packs, some of which were done before the game even released. This lead to some very lack luster unit rosters in the base game, however, this issue is fairly easly fixxed by free steam mods that add units or even factions. Creative Assembly has also added a few free DLCs and updates which also helps some of the areas that the community originaly found lacking.Summary:While the original game was lacking, many of the issues have been fixed by free mods the can be found on the steam workshop. I would give the game a 7/10 with mods. Certainly worth it if on sale like it usually is."
76561198062151256,Recommended,325610,16781601,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Sjefenessjef,"I think its good,"
76561198024633996,Not Recommended,325610,25354689,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,DaddyKnows,Even though this game is alot better then Total War Rome2 its still one of the worst total war games I've played. It goes as follows. Medieval Total War 2 being the best total war game Total War Rome being second then came Empire Total War. Empire is the start of huge problems with total war they changed alot including the AI going from being bad to being insane and just not making sense plus being bad. Then when Rome 2 came out the techs sucked the AI is terrible bc if you want to improve AI the AI can't just make random choices. It ruins the game. I've noticed each time you restart a campaign with the same faction AI's have a sort of random opinion of you. You never know when or why someone will attack you bc its completely random and has no sense behind it. Atilia has these problems just like Rome 2 people asked for a better AI. So SEGA gave them a worse AI that magically make 5 stack armors out their♥♥♥♥♥ AIs that don't have any limits. They don't seem to be limited by money at all. Oh ya and whats all fun is getting gang banged by every single faction around you to the point that all you can do is sit in your cities and defend as the AI just plants 2 stack armies outside of every cities you own and just sits there so you can't move anywhere. Then another faction close to you declares wars on you and does the same freaking thing. I mean if the objective is creating an AI that makes random choices and just does everything to you to make the game as little fun as possible CA has created a great game with a great AI. Honestly I think its a terrible game with a really good idea and graphics. They failed so hard on things like AI and I don't mean in battles. The AI is good in battles but map decisions. The fact that the AI can have 1 city and 3 armies is stupid. No human player can support that. its stupid the game sucks.
76561197972735678,Recommended,325610,19401838,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Lastmanup,"Fun and enjoyable new version of Total War.  DLC and faction releases are getting to be very frustrating.  Sometimes a happy customer that trusts you is better than the customer you forced to buy something they didn't need.  Total war might want to remember why it wants loyal fans, not 14.99 for an update.Still another fun Total war though."
,Recommended,325610,19401444,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,HeadLamb,"Some great campaign feature improvements from Rome II, but terrible balance and fast paced battles kills multiplayer. A fun game at times, but sometimes the art style is a bit too dark and the unit variation is poor. I still very much enjoyed campaigns, especially co-op. If you're interested in the history of this time period you'll enjoy it even more.Poor DLC practices should be stood up against, but the main experience is good for single player, not great for multiplayer. Have had fun on this game despite its problems, however I would easily recommend Rome II, or even better, Shogun 2 over this."
76561198072669283,Recommended,325610,21261846,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Quy Trang Tha Nam,"I really don't see why people whine so much about Attila. It improves greatly on Rome II; gameplay is smoother, the morale and fatigue system is the BEST it has ever been in a Total War game. The over all gameplay is more challenging, diplomacy feels so much more rewarding and the return of a true family tree with engaging court politics and intrigue adds so much more to the role playing element of the game, which in my opinion can be as important as the truly epic battles that Attila allows you to fight. One thing that upsets me is the continued downsizing of the ultra unit size; 120 men simply isn't enough for infantry and 60 Cavalry is often very underwhelming. The 40 unit battles that you can have in some ways does make up for this, considering I've had huge engagements with up to 4 full stack armies on either side(mind you the max is 40v40 at one time), but that kind of battle is rare but incredibly fun. Hopefully Creative Assembly will adress better unit sizes in Warhammer, but I digress. Overall, Attila is a lot of fun and I would certainly recommend it to anyone who is interested in buying the game, especially if you're just getting in to Total War.P.S In the way of DLC, I recommend waiting until it's all on sale and nabbing everything then. All of it EXCEPT Last Roman is worth the money in my opinion."
76561197965073409,Recommended,325610,20105278,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Pew Professional,"With each Total War game they seem to make little small improvements that make it harder to revisit the older games without the improvements.  Attila offers several improvements on Rome 2:* You can choose to play as a city state or as a Horde that lives out of tents.  Playing as a Horde presents a totally unique gaming experience.* The ability decimate entire regions.  Taken a city that you wont be able to hold?  Dont just abandon it.  Burn the city to the ground, set fire to the land and salt the earth so the region is nothing but a barren wasteland to anyone else for years.* The ability to combine land and naval battles.  I think you could do this in Rome 2 but in Attila it is actually effective.  When you land troops the boats withdraw so you can land multiple ships on the one landing spot.  Ships with ballistas hammering the defenders from the sea while your catapults unleash hell on the land.  Marines taking advantage of your troops distracting defenders at the walls to land inside the city walls.* The game does seem to run a lot smoother.  I had some frame rate issues with Rome 2 which are now gone.* Optional family tree management.  You can technically ignore it but issueing family and retainer members with titles now gives extra bonuses.Its a bit closer to Medieval with the reintroduction of Viking factions.  Playing the Huns feels a lot like playing the mongol/Tamurid factions from Medieval 2.  All in all I played Rome 2 to death and still found this game interesting another to invest over 500+ more hours into this game.  Would definately recommend if you're a fan of the series."
76561198051635109,Recommended,325610,15694742,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Finnian Tiercel,"A significant improvement from Rome 2 but still not free of a handful of Rome 2's errors such as free transport ships and very low global morale.DLC factions are generally interesting to play as but over priced at $8.00 especially after the egregious sin that was Rome 2 and Attila being a fairly expensive base game.Attila is a more dynamic and fun to play game than Rome 2 and with the workshop just released I am looking forward to the mods, however the game could have been much more if the creators had made a cleaner step away from Rome 2.TLDR: Rome 2 sucked, Attila sucks less."
,Recommended,325610,22753285,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,truthwarrior,"I am going to write this review with the expectation that you have played a Total War game before. Overall it is a fun game. Definitely should wait for the game to go on sell, especially if you have Rome Total War. Really this should have been an expansion.Pros•	Fun nations (I love being Celtic/Nordic nations)•	Interesting siege options•	Rebellions cause new nations which causes new diplomatic needs•	Better customization generals. This time they gain abilities/experience.•	Army units also gain abilities as they gain experience in battle.•	Ability to remove a city off the map entirely. Adds flexibility/difficulty to strategiesCons•	Nothing that changed from the newest Rome Total War. (i.e. should have been an expansion)•	They will bleed you for DLCs to get extra nations/campaigns/blood (yeah blood)•	Same army limitations (i.e. need generals, very limited on generals)•	Numerous sound glitches when zoomed in on heavy combat•	Numerous graphic glitches especially in the snow.•	Tedious achievements•	Food system is strange. Your nation has food surpluses but a province don’t have access to it? Each province basically needs its own food supply. Significant food sources causes disease."
,Recommended,325610,14552245,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,ComradeWinston,"TL;DRIf you're more hungry for a decent Total War game than you are bitter towards Sega, get it.Busniness PracticesThis game solidifies the fact Rome 2 was a beta for another Empire to Napoleon type of release. Yes, its a good game overshadowing the old glorified beta of a game but this type of game development is plainly dispicable along with its day 1 faction DLC. Also it isn't as though the Saxons don't exist, so unless you really want to start as one of three tribes up in Denmark you may as well skip the DLC until a steep 75% sale.ImprovementsNow, to the actual meat. Visually its far superior, even simple things like arrow types look distinct. Political and family management is actually a thing, not just some set of percentages as in Rome 2. Maps especially like cities are far less constricting and easier to move around in, they're also plainly better in design.Cities aren't just plots of dirt to capture, they can actually be burnt down and you can even migrate as a horde; by choice or after your last settlement has been destroyed. Though easily I find being a horde far more interesting than being stuck playing the typical empire management game. Its just so much easier to fund your faction when your cities are part of an army.BugsOf course, there are problems. The AI is as per usual, completely stupid but this time aggressively stupid. Along with the broken major power diplomacy modifier, its impossible to trade or do anything but have some random faction declare war on you every few turns. No, not as Rome but as anyone like the Saxons for instance."
,Not Recommended,325610,26641826,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Sola,"Too many dlcs and runs like a potato even on good pcs. The game itself is awesome i especially enjoy sieges on constantinople, however you will need an extremly good pc to be able to play the map lag free with an high amount of troops so you can defend the whole segment of the wall. (id say minimum 3 large armies and 4 attacking).And well no good review because there are simply too many dlcs that should not be dlcs but included in the game!"
,Recommended,325610,15499228,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,KAMAKAZI LIZARD,Took over Rome with Irish people in rags11/10 would be irish again
76561198192677499,Not Recommended,325610,24727151,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Geberel85,"While I liked this game, a thumb down is necessary. Not for the overpriced DLC... It's ok, nobody force you to buy them (and I think that they are worth it during discount, especially Empire of Sand). But for day-one bug still not solved. I mean, seriously, CA had the time to pump out countless DLC and it is not able to solve a known, stupid bug (some things that should give bonus EXP to trained troops are not working, items like Pankration Gloves, ecc)?Yes they are, but they don't care about their product, they dont care about their customers.Such a shame, because overall Attila is full of good ideas and deliver an interesting experience. But I have to thumb down until CA demonstrate that it still support its game after their release."
76561198106496991,Not Recommended,325610,29926391,Posted: 14 February,all,Duncan,"If you already own Rome Total War II, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, It is literally the same game with very minor differences. Same animations, voice acting, bugs etc. This game seriously should of just been an expansion to Rome II instead of a standalone game. But the developers thought they could slap a new layer of paint on a prexisting game and claim its a brand new experience, obviosuly they wanted to rip us gamers off."
76561197984748731,Not Recommended,325610,30075982,Posted: 21 February,all,norfsled,"I've been playing the Total War series a lot. I used to be it's biggest fan and I spent several thousands of hours playing rome and medieval II. Many didn't like Empire, but I enjoyed it very much. I never played shogun 1or2 cause I have no interest in that setting and historic time period. But I heard many good things about it. Everything was great until Rome II came out. It was a complete disaster! And this game is basically an expansion of Rome 2. Same game but different cosmetics. Kind of like Barbarian Invasion was to Rome 1, or Kingdoms to Medieval 2. Some things are improved and many things are the same crap as before. Luckily I bought this at 75% off so no harm done.Here are the game concepts I hate about this game:The difficulty from this game comes from cheating AI, not good AI. Examples:The AI can have 3-4 full armies supported by a single city while the player can barely afford a single full army with 2 complete regions.The AI knows exactly where the player are on the battlefield even if you are hiding. I thought I could win a battle by hiding until the time went out but after standing still about 10 minutes like idiots they automatically discovered my hidden unit even though they were hiding deep in a forest behind a big hill.Once my city was attacked from the sea by a small navy, but they were reinforced by 2 full armies. I was surprised cause I should have seen them coming. But after they won I saw that the armies was in fact far away out in the sea, way beyond the reinforcing range. This has happened several times.The Diplomacy system is absolutely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Nobody wants to accept any deal unless you pay huge sums of money. Why won't they accept trade agreements that are mutually beneficial even though the relations between you are neutral or good? Why the f*ck do you get a large diplomacy penalty with all factions just because you have a large empire? If you expand your empire (which is pretty much the goal of the game) you can forget having any kind of diplomatic relations to anyone. friends will turn on you and everyone will hate you for having a large empire -♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥! Should be the opposite, the more powerful you are the more influence over diplomacy you should have.The political system is also kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. There is domination (influence) and control (political actions) which combines into your overall power over your faction, that's fine. You can spend influence points to perform actions like seek support or adopt someone. So far so good, it makes sense that if you perform an action you ""use up"" your favour and influence. But the system is broken cause every action you do has too small chance of succeding! I think it's 50-50 based on how many times it fails. So if you want to seek support and gain control there is a 50% chance you lose 20 influence (sometimes more if there are complications) and gain 6% control, and 50% chance you lose both 20 influence and 4% control. So you pretty much always lose. The best way to maintain power is to appoint your opponents to offices because they lose influence when they apply. Does that make any sense at all? But what's even more incredible is the effects of having power, some are good some bad. The more power you have the worse penalties your faction gets to a point where the negative effects outweighs the good effects. The opposite is also true if you lose power. So the player get punished for both succeding and failing in the political system. Why even care then??? Also expect half of your children, especially the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s to die of unknown reasons before becoming adults.The generals and governors and auto-replenish system. Don't you just love it when the army you just defeated automatically gets a new general with a new bodyguard unit and the rest of the army magically replenish in a few turns even though they are far from a city or out at sea. It's better not to kill their general so they have a weak unit for a turn or two. The same goes for your own of course, but it doesn't feel right. It feel like cheating or a game for children. If a unit is reduced it should have to get real trained reinforcements that move on the map. That was a great thing about previous games. A good player planned for reinforcements in advance and sent them behind the main army and refilled the ranks and the damaged units were extracted in cover of the main army, got onboard the ships and sent home for retraining. I miss that! It's impossible now since units can't move without a general and you can't recruit a bunch of generals since you lose power in the political system. The generals themselves has the most boring and generic trait and level system than ever before. I loved the system in previous games where the traits and retinues depended on the actual events and battles the guy experienced at the hands of the player. Now it's just level up after each battle, choose two magic skills in the skill tree and repeat for every general.Here comes my favorite thing to complain about in this game, the worst of it's kind in any game, the least logical game mechanic of all time, the thing that destroyed rome 2 for me and made me stop playing, the most terrible concept imaginable, the biggest piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ever: The building system. Where do I even begin? Let's compare to medieval 2 which had a great building system. In medieval 2 each city had a large number of possible buildings with different paths down the building tree. Upgrading the city to a larger one unlocked new levels to each building. Some cities had special buildings like mines based on the resources in the region.  Every city was independent and could be specalized when you didn't have time to build everything in every city. You could train cavalry in one city and archers in one and infantry in one, and then send them all to the big foundry to pick up the best armor and weapons before sending them to war. There was no limit to the number of buildings in a city. In this game however cities are not independent. Usually there are three cities per region. They all share the same terrible building system. There is a fixed number of slots in which to build things. 3-4 slots for minor cities and 5-6 slots for region capitals. One slot is always the city itself and if it's a coastal city one is always the docks. so that leaves you with the grand number of 2 slots for small cities and 4 slots for large cities to build on. So in total you can choose 8 buildings in a region the size of a country. That's just the beginning. The level of logic of the building effects are mindblowing. The builings belongs to different categories and have different levels and almost anything you upgrade will reduce public order or increase squalor or both. Buildings that increase public order often consumes large amounts of food. Only very few buildings have no negative effect, mainly buildings that gives sanitation to reduce squalor. So of these 8 slots you have to place at least two farms for food or your empire is gonna crash. Since farms produce squalor and decrease public order for some wierd far fetched reason, you also need at least one building for sanitation probably two. You also need one that provides public order. I think all regions have a resource so that's one slot. now you have only one or two slots left to choose what kind of region you want this to be, a booming industrial area with a basket weaver or a religous center with a shrine or perhaps a commercial hub with a market. If you don't use the slots exactly the way it has to be you are gonna end up in a situation where you don't have enough food cause you can't upgrade your farms cause they reduce public order and give squalor and you can't upgrade the tavern or whatever cause it requires food and you can't build sanitation cause there is no room. Who the ♥♥♥♥ came up with this system?Seriosly if you are new to the franchise, get medieval 2 or rome 1 instead. You are gonna enjoy it more"
76561197975038199,Not Recommended,325610,28684544,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Fastball115,"Creative Assembly continues to dumb down this series. Rome Total War was by and far the best game in the series, so what they've decided to do in every game since is take every feature that made that game immersive, beautiful, and engaging, and cull it out of future titles for apparently no reason at all. One feature I truly miss is the ""View Settlement"" button, because it kept you connected and invested in the settlements you were managing. However this has been gone since after Rome TW. I just discovered that they've also removed the ""Continue Battle"" option after you've routed all of the enemy's units. Did you want to chase down the enemies units to prevent them from harrasing you in the future? Or maybe you just wanted to spend a minute surveying the carange you just wrought, you know with all the high fidelity graphics they bothered to put into the game? To bad, you get to stare at a menu popup and are sent straight back to the strategic map. Speaking of the campaign map, the menu orginization is attrocious, and you are overloaded with useless statistics and measures that you can't even readily compare to the item they're affecting half the time. Do you want to see how a new building will affect your settlement after its complete? Do you want to see a before and after of the affects? To bad here as well, you are simply going to have to figure it out in your head and hope you figured it right. I'm so busy being distracted by this games (series) failures that the things it does get right are lost on me due to my irritation and frustration. Creative Assembly had better games when they were using sprites, but they don't seem to understand why those games were great, and their latest releases are garbage."
76561198045645917,Recommended,325610,14640800,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Turenne,"Very good game, they have reedeemed themselves from 3% with Rome II to 45%, they still have alot to work on so the fans will maybe forgive them the♥♥♥♥♥♥they made of SEGA. The DLCs are not helping them, they will litterally suck up all of the money they can of us. They barely add three factions for an expensive not-worth-at-all DLC (The Longbeards). If I had some of them in front of me I would punch few with violents words. I guess they will release about double number of DLCs they've made for Rome II, with an exorbitant price. Beside their ''♥♥♥♥♥♥'' politics, they have made something not bad of Attila TW. Thank you very much for reading this, look behind you for Boogeyman, and have a good day my friend."
76561198080333160,Recommended,325610,20771154,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Rainy,Attila the Hun has been camping outside my capital city for 5 years. We now know him as Attila the Bum.12/10 would host the Huns again
76561198057309553,Recommended,325610,21600090,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Mr. Bong,"Attila is by far the best Total War to date. Regardless of what rubbish you may read with people talking about ""downgrading"" mechanics and such - they did no such thing. The only thing people are so pi22ed about is the DLC overload which individually go for between $2 and $4 each.In terms of AI and game mechanics you can tell the developers are trying new things leading up to the release of the obvious new Medieval addition to the series, even the new Warhammer for instance is the developers gearing up for what they are going to do with the new Medieval.I'm a solid fan of Total War series, I don't actually think I will be getting the Warhammer addition because I don't know how I truly feel about incorporating magic and mysticism into battles with mythological stuff - it just doesn't do it for me. I like the gritty feel Attila delivers, the game requires a high spec computer to really enjoy the epic battle graphics which are awesome on account of little things like settlements actually having visible settlers wondering around and the way settlements can be completely burnt to the ground.The game is perfect for playing as a barbarian race and raiding rich settlements controlled by the East and West Roman Empires.When Attila actually begins his conquest it can be a little scary too depending on who you are playing as.Overall the game has great graphics, awesome mechanics and micro management, it is not as simple as say Shogun 2 which I found to actually be one of the worse Total Wars in my opinion on account of climbable walls and such - people just like playing ""rush"" now days and don't value the thought and effort in getting things done in games now days which is depressing because these ADD kids are actually starting to overwhelm the market supply and demand and literally changing games for the worse but whatever - I am getting old and don't really care what the new generation choose to push things towards - Attila was a great addition to the Total War series and I thoroughly enjoyed it and am literally picking and scratching at my skin like a meth head in anticipation for the new Medieval which I am seeing all the hints in both Attila and Warhammer and am sure have read a few things online now.I know what to expect and pretty sure I know what Total War are doing having played all of their games since the first Rome adaptation. I did not play the earlier title unfortunately - I started on Rome."
76561198070023469,Recommended,325610,21607303,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,PLowe™,Just one more turn..
76561197967813892,Recommended,325610,21231675,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,NoGodsNoMasters,"buggy, as all the the total war games are, but a good game"
,Recommended,325610,14555784,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,1543warrior,"I haven't struggled so much to survive since the first Rome and that is what makes game even more exciting for me.You try to protect your vast borders from hordes of barbarians, fielding many armies and draining your economy, having no forces to attack but only to defend, and thinking ""how things can be worse?"". And then climate change, more hordes arrive to burn your cities, sassanids overrun your east and civil war breaks out, because your influence cannot keep up with all those power-hungry generals.10/10, will burn my frontier regions only to annoy huns again"
76561198042014614,Recommended,325610,16738433,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Zhe,"I honlestly think this is one of the best Total War Games ever made. I realize most of the negative reviews are to do with the excess of DLC- but that doesn't bother me. The game, after all, is only half the price of most big releases these days. So really, Creative Assemlby's giving us a cheaper game, and in exchange simply holding out some of the content to be released overtime. A fine deal in my opinion, especially considering how generous they are during Steam sales. 10/10"
,Recommended,325610,20524377,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,TopHatCat,One building bursts into flamesCity bursts into flamesMy PC bursts into flamesI burst into flamesTHIS GAME IS SO REALISTIC
,Recommended,325610,21757501,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Renegade Knight,"Total war has reached the point where most of the DLC should have been included in the base game. New Era's, new war mechancics, units, and new Factions in those era's.  Great bring it on. DLC is welcome.  Getting to play the factions you are already playing against in the basic game?  WTF?I'm enjoying the game but wonder about some of the things like global cooling.  I don't care. It doesn't add to the game. The manual is crap. There are 10 year olds in the steam forum who have done a better job explaining things like Domination vs. Control.Total War has been an awesome series but they are losing thier grip on fans.  Like I said I'm enjoying this game but that seems to be in spite of the developers efforts."
,Recommended,325610,14700787,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,joshua.chown,"I have played all of the Total War games, having essentially grown up with them 11 years ago I remember my dad handing a 8 year old me a copy of Rome: Total War and the sheer joy of that first play through. Total War: Attila brings me right back to that feeling.This is Total War, but with enough improvements and changes that it is truly exciting to play.The campaign map is absolutely huge, and the way they've divided up the regions seems fairly reasonable, in fact as you see different factions expand, you notice they form much more ""natural"" shaped kingdoms, as opposed to the huge regions we've seen previously.That nicely leads onto my next point: the AI is clever. Like really, really clever. The diplomacy works great, even the faction I'm friendliest with wont enter into a trade agreement with me because they've got diamonds to trade and I've got logs. The Scots just razed one of my cities and are now avoiding fighting me, as they know without that city, I can't afford to fight them - they're waiting for me to destroy myself. On the battle map, the AI flanks very effectively and seems to be really putting up a challenge (my only negative on this is that they seem to always unnaturally focus on taking out my general, which is a battle ending drop in moral - not sure how realistic it'd be to focus entirely on killing one man in a battle with 2 or 3 thousand people on the field).The internal politics works pretty well, certainly the best of any Total War game so far - basically you give them little jobs to do and they gain experience for it which in turn gives you perks in the battles/governing. My only gripe on this one is that the Prologue completely glosses over this, and with it being a very new feature, I'd have liked a bit more explaination. I have one general whose loyalty is waining and it keeps telling me to do something about it, but I really can't figure out what I can do as for some reason he wont work any of the jobs.Graphics wise, I'm playing it at about half way along the scale - on the battle field from a distance it's quite poor, probably origninal Rome levels, but close up it's pretty damn nice. On the campaign map it's really good looking!Another couple things is the first notification of each turn *always* comes up twice, and there seems to be an incredible ammount of razing cities going on, literally half the cities are burnt to the ground. I'm not sure how realistic that is? Another thing that annoys me slightly is that you can't continue on from the prologue, even though it's set on the full campaign map - it's quite long, so it would have been nice to have seen that continue.Overall, I'd say this is an absolutely brilliant game. I expect most of my (minor) concerns to be ironed out in the next patch, but they aren't really anything serious at all.It's like playing Rome for the first time again - no lie"
,Not Recommended,325610,15127549,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,nick.domahoski,Its a fun game but after 12 hours of good gameplay Ive been expieriencing title screen crashes ever since
,Recommended,325610,14523807,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Grand Autistimral Thrawn,"Doesn't really feel like ROME2, feels a little more like Shogun 2, I like the pacing of the game and the overhaul of many minor mechanics and a few major ones. I'd pay $35,00 again."
76561198008866004,Recommended,325610,14607155,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,AF~Luthanor,"definatley an improvement from rome 2, i never really noticed just how lazy they were in that game till i played attila. Only problem ive been finding with it ATM is it freezes alot at the start of a new turn. Im guessing they will address this in future updates. It loads alot faster than rome 2 and looks significantly better. Over all a lot more polished game than rome 2, and the units arent stupidly over powered. chance of civil war is actually possible in this game as well, had it happen 4 turns in before it froze on me :("
76561198006575413,Recommended,325610,24354591,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,vilster69,Really like the level of detail in the aspect of planning provinces.
,Recommended,325610,24357350,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Krigjz,"This is the game that finally got me to stop playing Medieval II. Sucks that I had to pay a dollar for blood and some more money to plays as the celts, but now I can take over the world as THREE DIFFERENT CELTIC FACTIONS! Woo!I still hate naval battles, but as the Picts just build a ton of fire boats and BURN EM ALL."
,Recommended,325610,24366151,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,LittleStinkfist,"Look, this game is god awful compared to other total war games, and i would only recommend if you have ran out of total war games to play. Most of the issues CAN be fixed with mods and is still pretty enjoyable despite its many many flaws."
76561198165387411,Recommended,325610,22398743,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,[AIMA] jacknorth,"love the historical accuracy and tweaks to the political system, dope♥♥♥♥♥game."
76561198039480173,Recommended,325610,14536855,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Ix SH0TGUN xI,"Right this game is not bad. Dresden is starting on his mods and it is only up from here.Original: Not Recommended - This review will change I have no doubts, the game is simple, easy at best. I will wait for a few patches to fix multiplayer and for Dresden to release a overhaul mod (God bless that man and his team) then I will change my recommendation to a thumbs up, till then back to Rome 2 with the 'divide et impera' Mod. (on a side note CA, employ the modders who fix your games, they deserve alot more)"
76561198013722750,Recommended,325610,14698042,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Slaine,great game wish they would add it all at once tho instead of getting us to buy dlc's
76561198002225676,Not Recommended,325610,15575003,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,RichardSG,"Addicitive game. Only downside is when a general dies, and i am not sure whether the replacement general is for a army or a fleet. Maybe the developer could make that clearer, instead of me guessing by the name. Update with charlemagne DLC: The game crashes sometimes when you end your turn, while processing the moves for the other facions.  The same happens even you reload the autosave and end turn. Bugs!"
76561198035614666,Recommended,325610,21450410,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Benbird,It is good much better then rome 2 i haved alot of fun playing it would recomomend to others .
,Recommended,325610,21256078,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,fck nzs,Nice
76561198174691226,Recommended,325610,19640628,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Waffen Wiking,The game is hard but very fun. Its not like the other total war games. To few unit rosters
,Recommended,325610,15658531,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Ceciltron,"Alright, so here's the original review I had up.""I can't even get the damned thing to work. I tried all the solutions, tried every fix. Nothing. My computer has run every Total War game but this one fine.Great job, Creative Assembly and Sega! Go Hog Wild!""Since apparently the game was crashing because of some kind of DRM issue (clearing Winsock and Ipconfig wizardry fixed it), I have since fixed the problem.So, now that I've got it working, do I recommend it? Yes. And No. But mostly yes? I think.It's a total war game. Hordes are cool. The battle gameplay is fun and intense, the grand strategy still wonky and confusing. Balance is, as always, really weird, so never autoresolve anything beyond overwhelming odds.It's a fun game. It's violent and bloody. It's full of DRM, presented in that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Sega DRM way where you know you'll end up buying the damned product.So is it worth buying? I guess. Buy it on special. Below 25$ is a good price."
76561198066534268,Recommended,325610,29545061,Posted: 28 January,all,Gerbil13,"very good game, well worth playing and the age of charlemain expansion is great and adds even more reason to get it. i just wished you could play as the Magyars, it would have been awesome to be arpad and lead the magyars to their new homeland."
76561198008135231,Recommended,325610,21390357,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,CbIHoK,"Damn, previously I thought it's just a mod for Rome II.Sorry CA, I was wrong!Best Total War game so far. No doubt."
,Recommended,325610,33153355,Posted: 2 July,all,Big Boss,"Great game, trying to defend civilization from Huns and Arabs as Roman Empire is amazing"
76561198084937633,Recommended,325610,33285326,Posted: 5 July,all,Maxlerict,"With the right mods, and historical appreciation this game is today's most complex historical TW title. This from its onset is in essence Rome2 done right but it's a completely different era. It is the era of the dramatic fall of Rome where unlike other historical TWs , it can be a game with various approaches. On one approach, u can play a classic game of empire building playing as a Germanic or Celtic tribe exploiting rome's weaknesses. Or u can play as Rome and fight for survival from within and your numerous borders. Also u can play as the bringer of the apocalypse as the Huns. This game is a massive step in the right direction compared to previous titles as this game brings better siege attrition mechanics, political system , but also ironically more varied gameplay. I found Rome 2 ironically lack variety of play styles. Rome 2 where every faction u just build up and expand. In Attila there is actual gameplay variety as mentioned above as finally u can play a game of either bracing for the end of days or being the horsemen of the end.                                                                                                   There are of course issues with this game as the performance is well pretty bad however as long as u don't expect to play with max AA or 4K ur fine, there are also annoying or imbalanced mechanics but this can be fixed with mods. Like all TW games or any pic games in general mods are ur best friends use them!"
76561197978823864,Recommended,325610,33293545,Posted: 5 July,all,freedish22,"With 202.8 hours on record I can safely say I thoroughly enjoy this game. So far I've played 3 campaigns, once as Lakmhids, franks, and now the garmantians. This game is exactly what I expected from TW although I wish the xpacks were a little cheaper or came with the game already. I would definetly recommend this game, and so far is probably my favorite title of all the TW series so far."
76561198355391654,Recommended,325610,33219399,Posted: 4 July,all,Pure Zero,"The game its self is superb. I give the vanilla version a 9/10. What pushes it to a 10/10 is the addition of all the Radios mods, incuding the double unit size one. I am confident to say this is the best total war I have played."
,Recommended,325610,33221903,Posted: 4 July,all,Gh05t_Shi3ld,"This is definately better than rome 2 EE but without the diverse units and factions which can be easily fixed by mods such as ancient rome and ancient empire mod.It has proven once again that CA is only able to properly deliver a faction campaign total war game versus a grand campaign total war game.Atilla was what rome 2 should have been as it was more focus on the gameplay rather than having a large diversified factions and units in game and forfeit gameplay.AI was much better than rome 2, but still could be further improved and note that there is no perfect AI out there as many games struggle to create a competent AI against complex human. This involved heavy scripting which affects the performance of the game and will not be adaptable to situations. What current gamers need right now is new learning AI algorithm which can adapt to the playstyle of the gamers which hopefully will be better in the next few years."
76561198010224405,Recommended,325610,27551800,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,S1edgehammer,"Best TW game to date, fixes alomost all of the major problems with rome 2 even if the time period is slightly less fun"
,Recommended,325610,32952625,Posted: 28 June,all,Dingus,U needin bro?
76561198007205207,Recommended,325610,27549472,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Parsifal,"If you're a fan of the series, it belongs in your library. Now with all the time my short review saved you, go play."
,Recommended,325610,24107425,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Sober_Bender,"Ive played Total War for years, My favourite is Medieval 2, but have to say this is the BEST TITLE IN THE SERIES TO DATE!Best features, the AI loves a fight, battlemap is Atmospheric, even with settlements. Family trees return finally! You can pick your  heir to the throne, change religion if you choose, or feel the need to move all together, you can become a horde until you feel the need to settle again.Only flaws I find is you still cant select a capital like Medieval2, unless your a horde, and too many factions have similar load outs, so if your a german faction, fighting other germans, you know what theyre gonna bring to the fight and how to win, so its almost a hands down battle before its even begun. Maybe if they had inidividual faction units like medieval 2 it would feel more authentic...do yourself a favour stradegy fans an buy this game!"
,Recommended,325610,27131971,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KaMp0riNi,"Great total war. I personally dont like the vanilla campaign so I played it with mods, Many awesome modders on this game."
,Recommended,325610,27284091,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Conrad1213,This is a wounderfull game that I found to be genuinely difficult at piont and that is the quality a strategy game should hold.
76561198216384079,Recommended,325610,26071948,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Duck from State Farm,I Ransomed the Surviving 7 Roman Soldiers out of a 1300 strong legion after a campaign battle so I can tell Rome how they ♥♥♥♥ed up.
,Recommended,325610,21593535,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Shelter Melter,"The Total War you all know and love, in one of my favorite historical periods. The main complaint people seem to have is SEGA's DLC policy. And while I agree that the amount of DLC is a bit too much the game doesn't deserve the low rating it has, that's why I made a review to give it a thumbs up."
76561198165344031,Recommended,325610,21683689,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,ChargingGoose,"Total War: ATTILA is a real time/ Turn based strategy game by Creative Assembly, set in the dying days of the Roman Empire. The core game has a number of factions available to play in Campaign, Custom battle and Multi-player battle modes, Each varying quite considerably. Before I explain and review the game, I would like to say that many of the negative reviews regarding the game are not actually reviews, but criticism of the payment model (all the DLC). I completely agree that there is no place in this game for ANY DLC (not including expansions), especialy as the DLC factions are actualy in the game as CPU controlled states. But, I believe that the game should be reviewed not just on the payment model, but on the game itself also, so after just over 100 hours of playing, what do I think?Accessibility and User Interface(UI): I initialy skipped Rome II, (I Purchased it quite some time after Attila), so the UI was a little tricky to get the hang of initialy. But after learning all I thought necessary from the excelent prologue, I jumped strait into the campaign (as the Franks) and quickly got the hang of things. The building and unit cards are nice and recognisable at a glance, which is a massive improvement on Rome II, and the menus are all easy to find and navigate. The unit info scroll is fantastic also, being very informative and once more easy to read and understand. CA has also done away with unit banners (which previously float above the top of units in battle), in favoure of small squares. This does lessen the asthetics a bit, but makes it easier to command your army and recognise troop types, which are displayed on the square. All in all, this game seems to be more easily accessible to new players than previous titles, such as Medieval II, where I started, and a good encyclopaedia makes it even easier to learn.Gameplay:Campaign Map: Campaign mode is the heart and sole of any Total War title, and is the part I invest the most time in by far. It consists of (in Attila's case) A large map of Europe, North Africa and some of the Middle-East, which is divided into provinces, which themselves contain three regions, a capital and two, minor towns/cities. This system makes running your empire a more manageable process than when each city was individual, as options often affect the whole province. You will interact with this map through building and marching armies, improving cities, moving agents and a whole host of other actions that are too numerous to explain in depth. The map looks absolutely stunning, and changes between the seasons, which themselves can affect food production and Army attrition and mechanics like that. The campaign map is played in a turn based system, wich can take a while to get through, largely due to the ridiculous number of factions.Battles!: It wouldn't be Total War without them, these are real time highly strategic events, that can range from small one-sided skirmishes to epic multi-army Affairs with thousands of men (and women) fighting. It should be noted that battles occur when two enemy armies come into contact with each other in the campaign, or just for fun in custom battles. Pitched land battles and seige battles are by far the most entertaining, and it can take lots of practise and experience to hone your tactics and leadership skills. The naval battles however, are in my opinion a complete miss, and always have been since Empire. I can not work out any way to implement tactics, and they end up being a confused jumble of boats bumping into each other and trying to pull off maneuvers. There are also amphibious battles, which are thankfully very fun also, but come on more rarely. In a battle, your army is divided into units, which you can control using mouse comands. Victory can only be achieved by using your units intelligently, and out-maneuvering your opponent.Online Multi-Player: This is a bit of a let down, and is plagued with massive amounts of lag, sometimes rendering the game unplayable. Still, if you can get into a reletively lag-free fight, they can be very fun, and difficult (there are some very good players out there).Graphics, Sound and Performance: This game looks beatiful... if you have a decent PC. I personaly have had no issues with frame rates or performance, but I know many people have, and that is NOT GOOD ENOUGH on the part of CA. A game sould be playable by as wide an audience as possible (within reason), and should not be limmited to 'PC Gamers' or people with only high end PC's. I can usualy run the game on maxed out setting, and if you can it is amazing, but I can't see this running well on a home computer, which is exactly how I started playing Medieval II. The sound is good, the music is okay, as are the voices.Expansions, DLC and Payment (finaly): I'll start this on a good note, the expansions (there are only two) offer a unique and entertaining way to play the campaign. I have not purchased The Last Roman, but by all acounts it is quite good. I have, however purchased Age of Charlemagne, and I think it is brilliant, launching Attila into a new time period with new factions and units, and would recomend it as a great complement to the core game. The DLC (Downloadable Content) however is different. Frankly, it should not exist, it should be in the core game like it used to be. This game has too high a launch price to justify it. To make matters worse, what do SEGA (I say SEGA as this is their responsibility) do with the next title set to release Warhammer, after being bombarded with coplaints and angry reviews, they anounce that arguably the most important race in the Warhammer universe, Chaos, will be released as a day one DLC! What are they thinking?Summery: DLC aside, Total War: ATTILA is a blast of a game, and one of the greatest strategy games on the market. If you are interested in Roman/ barbarian history, war, strategy games or just want a game that is fun and packed with hours of content, this game is for you. This is in my opinion one of the strongest Total War Titles released, and is a massive improvement on Rome II."
76561198066854051,Recommended,325610,26677133,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Lateralus,This is the best Total War title in the series now. It had a few bugs at launch but these have mostly been fixed. If you like strategy games then give this a go. It would suit both RTS type player and/or turn based. In the campaign you can auto reslove the battles or fight them yourself which is a good option becuase you may not have the time to fight everybattle.I'm not a fan of the newer title Total War Hammer becuase i hate the fantasty theme. I don't think i'm alone in this so many moders have been working hard on making Attila better. Some of them have done some amazing work! Check out the Steam Workshop for a mod after you've played the game for a bit.9.5/10
76561198086026149,Recommended,325610,27227265,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Al3xand3r,"This is my first review of a game so be gentle :pPros:+Interesting time period similar to the Rome Total War - Barbarian Invasion+Good Visuals+Good Sound Effects+Long Campaign+Factions have different research trees based on their category+Lots of playable factions if you have the DLC'sCons:-If you are playing a long campaign the fertility will dorp severly forcing you mid game to change to certain types of farms-AI is average, with certain moments of brilliance but mostly does stupid stuff, like throwing mass numbers of units at you-Diplomacy is pretty usless, but the AI does seem to uphold their bargains if you do not have good relations with their enemies-The campaign AI is better than the battle one but it's hard to get him to coordinate an attack, almost impossible-Some factions are to easy to play as or at least I find them that way, like Aksum by the end of my campaign I had millions but not enoth food to build and develop because of the fertility mechanismOverall I recommend this game, it is a good strategy game, CA did try to spice up the recipe for this total war and for the most part it worked. If you can get past it's flaws it is a gem and you will be spending alot of your time in it if you like the total war franchise.If this is the first total war game you try and don't like it, don't be afraid to try another total war because the mechanics in others are different from this one."
76561198013375063,Recommended,325610,27328096,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hellscre@m,"Most detailed total war ever made, i recommend to everybody!"
76561198254226376,Recommended,325610,28051541,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Finx,I love the entire Total War series. Bought this while it was on sale and was definetly worth it. Gonna be spending hours of my life conquering the world over and over xD
76561198066666723,Recommended,325610,21802659,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Cheesebrain424,I burned down all of central Asia and eastern Europe. Today was a good day.
76561198007706309,Recommended,325610,21758342,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Asphyrr,"I have family and friends which play this game and they all said it was awesome. Personally, I see it as an expansion to Rome II, which I thought was a far superior game. Attila has most of the same mechanics except it loses a lot of variety in terms of factions and units. That said, it does have some interesting new additions like disease, fire, and the bringing back of religion. A lot of the new mechanics are just old mechanics brought back which were not in Rome II. In many ways this is the same as Fall of the Samurai as a stand alone expansion to Shogun II. In no way is it better than the main game, but it does have some good qualities. That said, I would suggest playing it as it offers a few more mechanics and a different time period. I do not think that this game should be played without playing Rome II first."
76561198150839855,Recommended,325610,31362305,Posted: 25 April,all,Sabor,good game
76561198003438082,Recommended,325610,14703309,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Nifty Neil,"Total War Atilla is a huge step up from Rome 2, that being said, I took me until I read and watched others opinions about Rome 2 that I realized how disapointing it was. There is something definitely different about Atilla, the combat seems much more fleshed out, I cant pin point why exactly, but the troops seem to have more kinetic energry and therefor seem more realistic. one of the biggest improvements is the political system, it now feels much closer to home, with being able to control a family. 95hrs in I'm still coming back over and over again. Would rate it 9/10."
76561198038752745,Recommended,325610,14523179,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Collin Lefty,"Long-time Total War fan and even bigger fan of Ancient Rome, I have to say that after playing this game a few hours it is already evident that they improved greatly in many areas where Rome II suffered. The siege AI is markedly better than the previous installment, the AI acts much more nicely during land battles as well. The campaign is much more in-depth, and has many wonderful features restored like Family Trees and a deeper political system. The title's star faction, the Huns, were appropriately horrifying to encounter on the battlefield, and will quickly leave your army in tatters if not dealt with properly. The graphics have been improved as well, notably bloom and reflection. Trees and buidling catch fire and there is satisfying destruction of the environment, especially on siege battles. Having also pre-ordered Rome II I must say I am much more content with the release of this installment, and while it does have a few performance issues, I am sure the developers will patch everything in due time. I highly recommend this Total War, for an even more gritty and intense experience than its predecessors. 9/10"
,Recommended,325610,29539965,Posted: 28 January,all,Magnus,feel like♥♥♥♥♥♥and then kill
76561198267710123,Recommended,325610,21913738,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Wowar,11/10 Would separate Rome again
76561198072715890,Recommended,325610,21264810,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Paradox,"I find the game amazing, nothing like ever before. Surviving countless hordes invading into my Roman Provinces and having the fall back giving away many hard fought regions of Gaul and Thracia to the Huns and Barbarians. Its all about surviving. One of the best games released so far. And about DLC problems that people complain about, just wait for discounts like 75% off, no need rush to buy the game. Wait as even when the base game is out, its surely not perfect, wait for the patches to roll in until its good enough like after 6 months or more. Once the patches are in, discounts will be around the corner. Trust me. So keep it up CA."
76561198064162552,Recommended,325610,14672165,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Thunder-Bear,"Much, much better! 8/10Though really Attila is like having a Mcdonalds burger where you have meat again after they had taken it out. It's not really mind blowing or new, we're just getting features were used to in the past and missed dearly in Rome 2 (though there are a few exceptions)Worth buying but let all total war fans take control of the situation with their wallets to make CA & Sega feel our dismay especially with this DLC crap!Hope the future is much brighter"
,Recommended,325610,15512037,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Zesty Mordant Soul,"Great game, a true sucessor to Barbarian Invasions expansion of the original Rome Total War. Which may leave you asking yourself, so WTF, why was this not just an expansion pack? My simple answer to that question is that CA has extensivly overhauled the game's engine since Rome 2 Total War, not only graphically but in cool little additions like being able to literally burn cities your seiging to the ground. Makes for a very interesting campaign if you want to be the ""bad guys"" for once in a Total War game.Just like its predecessor we see Rome in a state of decline, split in two and under pressure from hordes of migratory Barbarians, and of course the name sake him self Attila. The campaign is told through quotes of the seven seals of the apocalyspe(Book of Revelations I believe) as you progress through the years, not only providing really cool cinematics with excellent voice acting but also a sense of relevance and even perhaps a sneaky commentary by CA on the current world state of affairs. The problem with these highly entertaining form of Campaign however is that it seems to limit the replayibility a little bit, as in no matter which faction you pick, you will see the same cinematics, same seven seals each time. Good oppurtunity to rewatch those awesome videos though.the DLC is a bit of a money grab, but nothing too outragous compared to Shogun 2 or Rome 2.Performance wise the game is still a bit wonky with the framerates, so if you're worried about about that side of things I would recommend perhaps holding off until a few more months for them to patch everything to the same state Rome 2 was left in(Which atleast on my computer, is amazing framerates/performance), who knows you might catch it on sale that way too."
76561198146804486,Recommended,325610,14522839,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Lonely Roman,"Let me get one thing straight: This IS an amazing game. It is a marked improvement over Rome II in almost every way. The campaign is infinitely more enjoyable than Rome II. The balltes are more fun to play, and the new fetures make it all the better. BUT. I am going to focus more on the Cons in this review. There aren't many, but the few that exist are major game killing problems.I will start with the worst and most obvious problem: frame rates. Now, my laptop runs Rome II Emperor Edition on Ultra with a few settings like shadows, particles, water, sky turned down. I get about 30-40 FPS. I cannot get 30 FPS on Attila on any setting, except on the campaign map. The campaign map in Attila runs like butter, much better than Rome II. The battles barely run. Land battles get about 15-20 FPS. Seige battles? Well they get 10 max. I wasnt around for Rome II's release, so I don't know if this is standard for a release game. But I have to mention it. Fix the frame rate issues, optimize the game. It is literally the only thing preventing it from being the best Total War title yet. Ultra on Rome II should at LEAST get you Performance on Attila; it does not even come close.The second aspect: poor design choices. The game feels sloppy at times. From the bar on the left of the screen that will not go away, to the uneven stacks on unit cards, the game feels sloppy. Rome II had a lot of faults, but it was visually pleasing. Everything fit together, nice and neat. IN my 4 hours playing this, I constantly felt like I was playing a sloppy, unoptimized Rome II. Polish up the visuals, and fix the frame rates, and then it will be a great game.The game is fun, I give it that. But the horiible frame rates and sloppy visuals prevent it from being great. Right now, I give it a 7/10. Come back in a month or two, it could very well have earned a 10 by then. Right now, I say wait for the patches and drivers. Pick it up in a month, and then we will have the game we wanted since 2013."
76561198023141293,Not Recommended,325610,14531080,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Nachoguy5,"Updated! Steam Workshop! DLC's! Things! Also I'm a hypocrite!Although I still have yet to see much of the late game content due in part to my own incompetence and the fact that I find myself going back and deleting old saves to account for updates, DLC's, and now mods!All in all I'd give this game a solid 7.5/10 (Previously 8, will explain) especially considering the price isn't even full retail. This is the Napoleon where Rome 2 is Empire, if Empire and Napoleon were both garbage (Yes, I liked Empire). I have decided to switch from recommending this game to not recommending this game because at this point, the problems seem to exceed the good things about the game. Again, may come back if things change.The Good- Solid graphical improvements- Effects are wonderful, especially the new fire system- Water in battles looks fantastic- AI on both campaign and the battlefield has improved to almost Medieval 2 levels (AI in Shogun 2 was...iffy...)- Family tree system adds depth almost unseen in TW and may remind users of Paradox's famous Crusader Kings series- Much to the adulation of CA's irritating Turkish community, the Magyars are in!- The advisor/narrator sounds vaguely like King Hrothgar or whatever from that Beowulf movie which is just cool- Addition of religion system a la previous total war titlesThe Bad- Many of the same voice actors from Rome 2, TONS of recycled lines- Some of the armor on units looks pretty ugly and bland, especially the Roman ones, which is a real shame (although this may be a testament to the fact that armor in and of itself was rather ugly and bland at the time)- Water on the campaign map looks like someone poured blue dye into a glass of day old milk (fixed with mods)- Culture has been replaced entirely by religion instead of being placed alongside it, same goes for the Dignitary culture agent being replaced by the Priest so you can't have a primarily Celtic settlement that follows Latin Christianity, etc.- DLC whoring within months of release (B&G I understand is for ratings purposes and that is acceptable) (-0.5 off my rating for the game)- Family/Politics system is arbitrary as hell at times, getting married is nigh impossible- Can't convert to a new religion unless population is exactly 30% or higher of a given religion, making it excessively difficult for even neighbors of very strong religious empires to convertThe ugly- Extreme Quality settings weren't meant for current GPU's, apparently- Much of the battle/diplomacy dialogue is ripped directly from Rome 2 I'm not even kidding- AI, while improved, cannot decide between being a ruthless enemy or a coward, so you will have an enemy who takes settlement after settlement, then turns tail and runs the second you buy a single mercenary unit more- AI is ridiculously reluctant to trade even when you're full of resources and are practically giving them away for free, even when they like you a lot, factions with 100+ affinity for you will still reject trade offers, even when offered money as well- AI is unnecessarily stubborn, refusing a peace treaty even when their settlements are burning- Some of the kill animations are just really bizarre as they often don't account for what weapon a character is holding so you'll have stabbings with axes, beheadings with maces, etc.- The decapitation animations are just sad to look atMay come back and edit this as patches are made / my gameplay experience changes"
,Recommended,325610,19968027,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,SniperSmithy,Purchased after the first few patches. This is the best Total War yet for me. The setting has a really dark atmosphere with the waning power of the Roman Empire and the Huns forcing the germanic tribes to the west it feels like a time of impending doom. The faction management is now much better with more direct control over your nation and the campaigns are excellent at conveying the desperation and destruction of the era.
76561198062373934,Recommended,325610,21653124,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Beedle - Britbong,"This is going to be a much more serious review, than my review of Rome II at any rate. This review is done with most DLC (Not Viking forefathers and Germanic tribe pack, because they add literally nothing)After the Slavs culture pack was released I decided to do a campaign for the Eastern Romans. I had done one when Atilla was first released and had my♥♥♥♥♥♥handed to me by the Sassanids while being simultaneously attacked by the Huns to the North. I started off this new campaign in the hopes that this would be the most balanced playthrough I had done yet.I started off the campaign with Visigoths raiding around Macedon, one of their hordes became seperated, so I took this attack and attacked them. After defeating the army, the other weakened horde buggered off to the West Romans with a legion hot on their heels, next I had to secure public order. The next 10-15 turns was focused purely on public order management, although in this time I did secure a diplomatic marrige with Armenia, made peace with the Tanukhids and sent them into sassanian territory.The next big problem arose when my buffer state in Arabia was taken over by the Arabian emergants, I took this chance and added an extra territory to the ERE before the Sassanid client states could take it. My northen client state had war declared on it by Kartli, but after several turns of♥♥♥♥♥♥all happening, Kartli wanted to be my client state as well (no complaints from me)Now came the time I was waiting for, the time when I could declare war on the Sassanids, considering this had been suicide on my previous playthrough I was interested to see how this would go. After several turns of blitzkrieg Sassanid Kebab removal that would have made Guderian himself proud, The diplomatic marrige with Armenia fell through and he entire East declared war on me. I ended up within striking distance of Ctesiphon and the Gulf of Persis in my sights. The siege of Ctesiphon was climactic and super difficult, even without Serbia Strong in the background. With all the garrison and supporting armies, the Sassanids had 3 and a half stacks defending with 4 of my legions attacking, siege mechanics have been massivly improved since Rome II from the initail onslaught on the walls to the last charge of the Sassanids kings royal cataphracts, the entire experience was engaging and fulfilling. After renaming Ctesiphon ""Nova byzantios"" I moved on.With the new DLCs added to the game, my time was relativly easy. Most of the Sassanids client armies were dealing with Himyar in Arabia while the White huns tied up the Sassanids main armies in the east. Armenia fell to a combined coalition of my legions and my client armies in the north, I reached the Persian gulf 7 turns after the fall of Ctesiphon and all Sassanid land had fallen 10 turns after that. That was the easy part, as 4 armies now appeared out of Arabia. After dealing with them my aims turned into converting persian structures into roman ones, within 30- 35 turns I had complete control over the east. While my attentions were turned east, 2 Hunnic hordes crossed the Danube and raised Marcianopolis to the ground, despite a valiant defence by the garrison. In response to this I had both my Thracian armies chase them into the ruins of my town and had a apocalyptic  battle where one of my armies was surrounded and shot to death by horse archers.Mounting tensions with the Axumite KANGS in somalia caused war, with no armies to defend Africa I had to disband an army in Persis and raise another mercenary army to deal with the Axumites, I finally defeated them with help from Nobiata, my client state and a redirected fleet from the persian gulf.In contrast to my conquests, the Western ""Romans"" tore themselves to pieces as if it was a plaything. The Huns wrought their path of devestation into WRE lands like a Tyranid hive fleet, causing mass starvation and destruction. The Roman succesionist thralls and their Germanic masters warred over the last remaining land that had not been razed. Italy was pillaged and destroyed, Roma itself was razed and never rebuilt, Rome survived (even as a phantom of its previous self) in southern Spain and northern Africa. The Vandals claimed Carthage, the Ostrogoths ruled Sicily and the Suebians inherited nothern Spain, so very true to history. The celtic kingdoms and vikings have made substanial gains in southern France while the other 33% of non-ERE controlled land was razed by the HunsIn all a very balanced campaign and well worth the money for the game."
,Recommended,325610,33062197,Posted: 30 June,all,kdragoon,"Much much much much much much better than rome 2, the campaign is the most interesting one in all total war games imo. But, well, can we find something more broken than the slavic poision archers?"
76561198007272543,Recommended,325610,20122995,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,trajan07,"Overall I really like this game. With that said, there are a few things could be improved on. To me, the units are not detail enough for me. Maybe I'm being to pickie. I really enjoy the game and I high recommend in purchasing it."
76561198029891017,Not Recommended,325610,16778078,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,doreyn05,"So downloaded this for the free weekend. Played a few customs battles at first, still don't understand why fire ships are even in the game yet alone available for every other faction. So Navalbattles are a bit better from Rome 2 but still not up to  Shogun 2 (in my opinion), which were awesome. From what I played the land battles were pretty good, the Ai still  short of a few chromosomes served it's purpose well although still made questionable if not down right ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ descisions sometimes but this is nothing really new to total war. The campaign: First campaign I played as the Saxons despite having very weak starting units, was having a good time until the romans showed up with 4 full stacks to conquer my terriritoires. I was forced to allope with my two remaining armies when it became clear this was a fight a cannot win. Sailed to Britannia to start anew however the romans followed me there and so the saxons passed into annuals of history. Lesson learned try not to so close to the romans. Second go I tried the Huns. Now this was fun! The Horde mode was easily the best part of this campaign for me. Moving across the map raiding and sacking settlements, until the other factions got ♥♥♥♥ed of with me and drove me back east into syria which was no mans land. Ended camping out at the edge of the map with two hordes to the north and two to the south, east of the balck sea, trying to build up my ecomony and armies for round 2. However 2 factions decided to pursue me. Although quite fun at first as there settelment were provinces away, I imangined angry generals with desires to avenge the plundered settlements and fallen comrades chasing the savage hoards across distant lands in order to wipe them out once and for all. However the quickly became irksome as after defeating the first waves, they continued to send more after me, one stack at a time. Quickly losing all immersion as they were just throwing away men when they had other wars closer to home to worry about.So for campaign horde mode was fun. Making regions desolate also fun but the Ai does take the♥♥♥♥♥♥ Family trees being back and being able engage in faction politics with them is also great.Downsides: All the unecessary streamlining and streamlining is back :(. Restricted armies still not understanding why I can't split my army in order to surround a smaller force. Yes I get that having a named army which can level up is cool (especially when you are naming your four hodes after the four horsemen :)). What about reinforcement column? In my medieval 2 campaigns I would be sending small forces out after conquering armies for the sole purpose of replenishing them after particulary harsh battles or sieges. Bringing me on to another point; I wish CA would bring back the simple drag and drop for merging units. Province system and city building is the same as rome 2 which you may like but I thought was horrible, I think Shogun 2 went far enough on that one. Anyway my point behind this rant was, this is a strategy game and I hate that you are being restricted.Now would I recomend this game? Yes when it goes on sale after all the DLC is out. Now the focus campaigns are fine, but faction DLC is and always will be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t! Selling a game piece by piece is ♥♥♥♥ing insulting, especially when in past games you could just unlock the factions. Not only that but it is really lazy, microtransactions (which what it basically amounts to) have no place in AAA gaming. How much work does it take to unlock a faction? Not very ♥♥♥♥ing much yet that's what it boils down to pay me and I will unlock them for you. Not create and add a new one to the game but unlock it! I know Shogun 2 did this but I didn't like it then I dam well don't like it now."
76561198120888663,Recommended,325610,24628024,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Dehar,"Great game, but PC turns is looooooooooong, even in 8-core CPU.7/10."
,Recommended,325610,32978410,Posted: 29 June,all,.Iver,Nice and fun game
76561198042074872,Recommended,325610,32150108,Posted: 3 June,all,Pirase,"Despite what people say about this quality of this game compared to that of Medieval 2 or the first Rome Total War games; this game is still an excellent game in my opinion.Good things about this game:1: This game has an amazing cinimatic quality unique to itself, and if you get the Olympium battle camera mod, go into cinimatic mode and just watch as you get slaughtered - It's amazing.2: The graphics on this game are on spot, and really brings the world to life. The animations are smooth, the fights are amazing.3: You can have some pretty large scale battles, and watching the long lines of infantry collide is something else :D4: What I've always appreciated about the historical Total War titles, is the accuracy that it has. It may not be dead on but they did an excellent job on making it real.5: Despite what people say, this game is amazingly optimized. The fact that you can have roughly 8000 Units on the field without extreme choppy framerate is amazing. If you think about it, each soldier has individual animations, and each unit has individual AI targets. The details on the textures and the graphics in general aswell. To manage all this and still get solid fps is amazing in my opinion.Bad things about this game:1: Well the first thing you'll see a lot of people get angry about is the DLC plan the company has, if you're going to buy this game - be prepared to get out some money for the blood and gore, and other key factions.2: One thing to note is the poor way they went around seiges in this game, and its pretty clunky compared to other titles such as Medieval 2. For example many Attila players will say that the towers are OP, and they are definitely. O-P3: Daft AI, expecially in seiges. I've had many a times when I'm playing singleplayer and the AI cant seem to find its way through the walls, they just run around outside tiring their troops out. So now I, the defender have to go out and attack them which is odd to say the least.4: This game is a lot like the previous title, Rome 2. Some might even argue they copies a lot of assets from the previous title. I personally have only played Rome 2 on someone elses computer, and I find Attila to have its own unique charm. However just know if you own Rome 2 and put a lot of hours into it - this game might seem copied to that.Hope this was insightful, if you plan to buy this game - It is a really good game and no one will think its stupid. If you plan not to, no one will blame you as it has more blemishes than some other Total War titles. :D"
76561198003364703,Recommended,325610,33152458,Posted: 2 July,all,jimpratt1979,"this game is very promising  and has many great updated features over rome 2 , aided by the fact it wasnt the car crash of a release rome 2 was, yet it is slow and at times frustrating , patience is key ,graphics are nice i recomend radious total war mod in full to really bring the game alive , overall when onsale get it , when full price meh"
76561198150871404,Recommended,325610,24742636,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Communists Buy Supreme,"Total War Attila is definetely different to previous entries in the series, with many new mechanics such as the ability to control certain units, these new mechanics are very fun and immersive in large battles as well as useful. There are also many greatly improved campaign mechanics (and great steam workshop mods) for those who enjoy campaign, like me. Although this total war game seems to lack some personality with less memorable and more copy and paste units as well as lot's of non-playable DLC factions. However this is the best historical Total War game so far and is amazing."
76561198080437991,Recommended,325610,21562958,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,AIDS Benedict,for 11 years I've wanted to play as the pics in this game and now I can finally play as the picts. Every body talking♥♥♥♥♥♥obviously didnt play barbarian invasion. To me this was a great response to Rome 2(which i still love) Theyve always been cutting edge and tried something new and got♥♥♥♥♥♥on... shame on you fans. YOU go make a better game then...
76561198084877604,Not Recommended,325610,18658386,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,LORD WALRUS,no more day one dlc
76561198067012415,Not Recommended,325610,15656231,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Jordy N.H,"seems like a fun game, but after several patches I still am unable to play it with an amd card. 15-20 fps only seems unplayable to me."
,Recommended,325610,21684052,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Davis,"Hot off the heels of Total War: Rome 2, the successor to Rome Total War, comes Total War: Attila the spiritual successor of the Barbarian Invasion Expansion for Rome total war.Takes place in the twilight years of the Roman Empire, now split between east and west. For those who like to play as the Romans this makes for a fun advance start which gives you either the eastern or western empire, completing half of your plans of conquest, but adds the challenge of maintaining order in your lands while rebuilding and holding off barbarian hordes.Unfortunately Religion seems to be something that supposedly one can change, but is pretty much fixed, spent several turns knocking down churches and building coliseums in order to change the Western Roman Empire from Catholic back to Roman Paganism, and no Dice. Another Issue, Attila seems to take his sweet♥♥♥♥♥time showing up, and you can’t eradicate the Huns until he is born and reaches of age. And sadly the DLC department in CA has yet to pull their heads out of their asses and is once again selling off Fluff DLC and ripped out parts that should have been in the original release like blood and gore. Fortunately the Age of Charlemagne is pretty well done and definitely worth the $15 price tag.On the Plus Side, the game is a leap ahead of the disastrous mess that was Total War Rome 2. The politics engine is actually engaging, characters and their families can actually do things now. The effect units have on a battle field is more apparent but less overpowered. Buildings are simplified as to their benefits and detriments to the settlements public order, food production and sanitation, and they have actual art assets as opposed to lazy icons inspired from ancient roman pottery. And lastly a dedicated Hardcore modding community which produce great works of minor fixes and tweak mods to total conversions which change the way the game plays and feels entirely. Plus there are mods which bring the Antiquity feel of Rome 2 to here, further negating the need for Rome 2.Fans of the Franchise should definitely pick this one up. New Comers to the franchise considering Rome 2 should pass it up in favor for this cheaper and better refined alternative.Pros:-Better Political and Diplomatic Engine.-Unit buffs are actually apparent on the battlefield without being overpowered.-Settlements that aren't region capitals are now more defensible.-Buildings are simplified as to their effects.-Actual Art assets for unit and building cards rather than lazy icons.-The Age of Charlemagne Campaign is actually pretty fun.-Cheaper than Rome 2Cons:-Continuation of Lazy and Arbitrary DLC practices.-Huns are un-destroyable until Attila spawns. (They can be defeated but you can’t destroy their faction until Attila is defeated.)-Game takes place during the Twilight years of the Roman Empire, but there are mods (at least i remember seeing them) that let you play the game with Rome 2 Style Factions."
76561198006364209,Recommended,325610,20358582,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,slightknight001,"I enjoy the game story and play, but I constantly come across issues with PC compatibility. I have a new (2014) and up-to-date computer, but I often come across glitches or bugs that force me to re-install the game."
76561198030768832,Not Recommended,325610,15629820,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,cmvbrielman,"Given that there are some serious game-breaking crashes going on for numerous Mac users, of which the developers have stated they are aware, and that these crashes have been on-going since day 1, and there has been no signs of any progress whatsoever in regards to fixing them (one of Creative Assembly's people even attempted to blame Apple), I cannot recommend this game for any OSX users.If you have Windows or a Windows partition, this game might be fun, I wouldn't know since it crashes my computer pretty reliably within 5 minutes."
76561198116479004,Not Recommended,325610,15632966,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,nkessler,"Where do I begin? I really want to love this game. It can be funn and I think there is so much potential here. I do have issues. I won't get into the dlc but the game feels so incomplete.My issue is more with the balance of factions. Faction ai doesn't seem to fight eacother. They only seem to fight you and the roman empires. Instead of an epic battle between rome, britain, saxons and the celtic tribes the celts just ally with everyone and and go as far spain and almost to africa. Its pretty damn similar with every faction. Maybe this is historically accurate. I don't know. I'm not a historian but i do know it makes a pretty boring game. We have such a violent, oppressive and bloody time in history yet there's just about no conflict in Attila with any other factions. It just seems the empires dont move or fight eachother. I would rather fight constantly back and forth for 100 years for a province in britain then to see the irish and the vikings own the map. When you check all the factions diplomacy 50% are only at war with rome and the other half are at war with no one and that is just unnacceptable. I would rather have more aggressive ai and the gifts and marriages be worth more.Another thing that bums me out is the minor factions with similar Roman units like britain, macedonia, and judea  arent int the game until they are liberated, So you can't play a faction that has roman units unless you play as western romans or the eastern romans. which is very hard or legendary. That's lame but i can get over that issue.Until the ai and balance is fixed I have to give this game a bad review because it is getting to be so routine and I don't feel it is worth what I paid.I wouldn't reccomend until some serious balance and ai mods come out."
76561198033888529,Not Recommended,325610,16912130,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Incanuth,"Total War: Attila itself is a good game. However, it's annoying having to buy DLC to obtain content that should have been unlocked to begin with."
76561197994055970,Not Recommended,325610,15675878,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Bash,"Great Game, Much Better than Rome II.However, I find myself at the desktop mid battle because the game has decided to just end its own life. You don't know frustration until you fought a 15k man battle and just at the very end, you realize you've crashed and had to do it all over again. This is my third time trying to fight one battle! Great Stuff just wish it did not crash so often."
76561198008509065,Not Recommended,325610,15839829,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,cavalry111scout,This game is lacking. you would think by now they wouldnt make it so unbalanced in favor of the AI. If your troops arnt starved to death or freezing or fammined then you will just end up getting destroyed by the AI troops. After getting chased acros the world by enemy armies i get into a battle that favored me only to let the auto battle do it and get mostly destroyed but it was only a slight defeat the other army was damaged just as bad. the next turn their army was back at 100% and sure enough destroy my army still totally crippled
76561198249004144,Recommended,325610,25133812,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Alp🐾,"Atilla is a good Total war game but it lacks, for instance I don't like playing as any of the western factions because you'll end up going against the Western Roman empire and when you do that 95% of the other western factions love you no matter what, you have too many allies, and so does the other factions, everybody bands together in a huge alliance and you end up having to fight about 8 different factions all at once, and get owned.Although the setting is very good, playing as the huns is alot of fun, but there's alot of factions who feel like reskins of another for instance the Saxons and the Franks, these two factions are way too similar and I would have liked playing as somebody who is a bit further away.The DLC is stupid the only one I bought was the Empires of sand, and even then they all feel the same, so many good factions that could've made the game so much better were put behind a price tag so CA could make some more money but also upset their loyal fans.Atilla is a game I like but it's too much of the same thing over and over. 7/10"
76561198227931596,Recommended,325610,25033033,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Dr_Delicious70,"This was my first Total War game and probably my favorite just because of all the Total War games, this one, in my opinion, has the most replayability and I really like the time periods they chose.Total War Attila has just the right amount of factions (if you buy the overpriced DLC) and open ended gameplay that makes it much more playable a second time through than other games in the series. A lot of the factions are very interesting like the Roman Empire (both sides), the Huns, the Franks, etc and it's very interesting seeing swords clash between all of these factions. I would highly suggest getting the Age of Charlemagne DLC since that's where I had the most amount of fun, but I can't reccommend the Last Roman DLC since starting a new save is annoying because making Africa submit takes a lot of time. Time that I'd rather spend fighting the Ostrogoths in Italy.The battles could be better in this game. I find it very enjoyable since at my skill, I feel slightly better than the AI so I still have the enjoyment of winning most of the time while still feeling challenged because I have to stay on my feet. If you're a very experienced Total War player, you may miss the impact of armies colliding like they did in Rome Total War because they have a different engine that makes the armies meld together. It doesn't feel like a very physical battle when you watch the people fight. It's mostly just people jabbing their spears at the air and someone falling down every once in a while. They make you pay for blood too so if you want it to feel like a real battle, you'll need to pay for that. It's better to just focus on the tactics during battles than watch the animations.The games flaws include the vast amounts of overpriced DLC. Enough said. Also, the one thing that just made the game feel really lazy was that most of the soldier designs look sloppy. The way the soldiers look made the game feel so streamlined like they didn't put any work into it. Even if you pay for DLC, the soldiers still look crappy. Watch the show Vikings and compare it to the Vikings in this game. The vikings in this game look like pajama men, I'm not kidding you. It's so hard to take them seriously. Some factions have very bright clothing too so you could be faced with fighting against yellow pajama men or bright green pajama men. For the most part, if you're a barbarian faction, all the soldiers look the same, they just attached a different colored set of pajamas. Also, in the Age of Charlemagne DLC, they made Charlemagne invincible so he doens't really ""lead men into battle with honor and virtue"", he just can't die so he's not risking anything by being there with his men anyways. They should seriously change that since it does take away from the imersion of the game.Even though this game has a lot of flaws, I still love this game. I'm playing a game as the Lombards on hard for the first time and I do feel genuinly challenged. The Frankish armies are flooding through the Alps and I'm fighting them off, but they just keep coming."
,Recommended,325610,25047749,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Shock Legion,"Attila Total war was quite...a experience. I have played the old total war games(Medieval 2 and Rome) but this game felt a little bit more confusing for me but got use to it. Now this is the only a nitpick and not really a bad thing but why did they have to make managing settlements more difficult? I get its a strategy game but Total war is know for its battle not settlement managing but thats my tiny annoyance. The a.i is trash and wanna know how CA fixed it? By giving them too much advantage. Honestly when a a.i attacks an army or settlement of mine they bring back up and its usually one full stack army and the other half stacked its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Not to mention when you can easily beat them they get a extra move range which becomes a ♥♥♥♥ing cat and mouse chase. Family tree feels less important since you can replace a fallen general(which I kind of like since in the old games I have to leave generals back in settlements with a garrison full plebs to maintain public order.) as well having governors to help maintain public order. The battle seems less intresting for me. Sure the kill animation is nice but I perfer seeing my troops and the enemy's troop dying at the same time in a mosh pit while a calvary charge appears out of nowhere and arrows firing all over the place. But I have to say that the units in this game has certain types of abilites as well for the generals. For example the archer units has different kinds of arrows which can be useful in certain situation like if the enemy are started to waver but not about to break, just use flamming arrow or whistle arrow since those can break morals quick or use heavy shot on well armoured units. speaking of archers I feel really annoyed when they stop firing for reason that I don't know. Maybe because they don't want to friendly fire a allie or maybe theres something in the way of their sight or its just that their stupid. The grand campagin feels more like a survival then conquering since you get objectives telling you to survive till the following date and season which I kind of mix feeling. But I do like how it makes Attila and the huns be like spawns from hell  and that you are screwed if you don't have a good units and a prepared army to take on the huns when Attila arrives and Attila is your main target. Overall this gmae gives me mix feeling and a guilty pleasure.6/10 (still wish that theres a third option for steam review that shows that your mixed)"
76561198083596636,Recommended,325610,25057114,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Ting goes skrrrrrr papapkapapkap,this is one of the best games i have ever played :)
76561198043082985,Recommended,325610,24971152,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Bailey,The best total war game in my opnion i really like it cant wait for the next historical total war
76561198195165231,Not Recommended,325610,20386251,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Heisenburg,"ehhh its sorta a money grab not that different from rome 2 sooooooo you've been warned(btw it is an improvement, and it has some bad*ss mods but get shogun 2 instead."
76561198095966047,Recommended,325610,21414959,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,The Warrior,I would reccomend this game because although it does have it's faults (Really medium infantry are a threat to heavy infantry) it is a good game. One thing I would like to add is what I noticed while I was defending a settlement it would be cool if soldiers could be knocked off a baricade while fighting on it. Same with walls too please.
76561198179000710,Recommended,325610,21212596,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Numb,i love this game. the feel just like in other games. but the dlc whoring is bad
76561198062666979,Recommended,325610,24874610,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,smoggy,An imense improvent over Rome 2 in all areas
76561198124425160,Recommended,325610,24795517,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,vulcanism,"While it lacks the charm of the older titles (m2) it makes up for it with many improvements to interaction. My one problem with the game is the setting, with the Roman empires holding about 80 % of the starting map it can make playing multiple factions feel repetitive as the begging of the game everyone always just feeds of the large falling empires, other than that though and as u can see by my hours played it is a very fun game."
76561198007149889,Recommended,325610,24882903,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,srvihs,"Family tree is back, enough said.  The game is vastly better than Rome which sucks without the family dynamic.  Midevial is still the greatest total war game, and unti they bring back the family and titles full time, the game is just real time fighting game with little map strategy."
76561198031692860,Recommended,325610,24775673,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,☭QbNn_Linus☭,Really fun because im swedish so i love to play as the Geats.
76561198026818819,Recommended,325610,22380984,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,GeneralGorilla,"One thing i can tell you about total war attila, in a nut shell is that its basically an upgraded version of rome 2. That is basically what it is, everything that CA promised would be in rome 2 is in total war attila. Really good and realistic siege battles, great and improved soundtrack for the game compared to rome 2. Much better graphics and actual political system that matters.There are things that wern't in rome 2 that are in attila. For example the new disease mechanic makes the game feel real and actually fits the time period. You can burn down cities and make them baron denying the uses of it to the enemy, you hire mercenaries for much cheaper then in rome expect for units like merc onagers. Nothing else really stands out, this game is meant for seasoned total war fans only. Those that are experienced in the game and are quite good at it, will enjoy it. Also many of you will be annoyed at first, thinking that rome 2 could have been this game. It could have been so much better. I agree, it doesn't take away from the fact that this game is a good game, its just an irritating reminder of CA's broken promises. But still it doesn't take away from the game, its a good game, its really cool and many of you will enjoy it if you look past its price and history behind the company that made it."
,Recommended,325610,14546320,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Derpvoice,"New engine itteration is amazing, and there's a ton more stuff to do, still a bit dissapointed with day 1 DLC and hopefully I don't have to pay 5$ for a Blood & Gore DLC.Overall a better game than Rome 2, atleast in comparison to day 1 versions, but until some issues within the game get fixed i'd recommend you stick with the Rome 2 Emperor edition.Also for some reason with no updates availible people seem to have a different version of the game than me, making it impossible for me to join any games or campaigns.EDIT: Seems that it's not a difference in versions but in savegames, which should be reflected in the error message."
,Not Recommended,325610,14672389,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Bahman,"#1 Reason: You get to play SassanidsIf that hasn't sold you, then you're clearly not me and you wouldn't get this game just because your whole steam account's namesake is predicated on a short-lived decisive battle that took place in 634.Other Reasons:-Fully dynamic and intense family tree. Political intrigue and backstabbing at its finest. Very detailed and in-depth-You can rename your cities (inb4 childish city names as you play in Co-op)-There are upgradable tiers for units - changing the names and looks-They brought priests back-Razing cities and Devastation-Decimation (Like being in the command of Luigi Cadorna)-Cool screen break going into battle, its like the cinemas-Some animated videos and clips-No date/time only achievements (yet)Some personal reasons why you shouldn't get the game (just yet)-No blood/gore, and no pack (yet)-Can't scroll in to appreciate the action, sometimes you can, but in hills. Otherwise, your camera just hovers-Lack of optimization, tends to favor the hordes. I heard cavalry is the answer-all to the game, but I have yet to see that proven, still, battling against the hordes take a while.Comparison with Rome 2:It's basically just Rome 2 with added candy. Launch is exactly the same. Rome 2 had no problems for me (at all) at launch, and Attila is just the same. Naysayers that say they have problems have hardware issues, no matter how much they boast or proclaim they have a good rig just because its made of expensive parts."
76561198017601530,Recommended,325610,34435030,Posted: 23 August,all,XC Rotten,"As a total war fan, Total War is a great game! Loged over 200 hours of game play and still enjoying the content of this historical game! The AI may no be up to par but the moding comunity has stepped up and fixed that issue."
76561198188137834,Recommended,325610,18858422,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Belial,"Alright guys, lemme tell you somethin'Great game. Could be better... The first Total War game I ever played was Medieval: Total War. At the time, I thought this is great. When Rome: Total War cam out, I was blown away. It was pretty new and pretty different. I didn't really play Medieval 2, but I did play Empire, and it was not good at the initial release. CA kind of released Napoleon to redeem themselves after Empire. Shogun 2 is my personal favorite of ALL the Total war games I have probably clocked around 1500 hours on it, and I was completely enthralled. While it kind of annoyed me that they tried to get at least on unit pack out there, I thought hey this is great. I was so excited when Rome 2 was announced, i could not wait.MAAAAAAAN was it disappointing it took about 20 patches to get what they should have had from the start, which should not have happened. Total War Attila was kind of like Napoleon, To make up for their disaster with Rome 2. I was also extremely excited for Total War Attila to be released, and I would be somewhat disappointed. Most of the problems were with the campaign. You couldn't go 10 turns into the game without looking at the campaign map and seeing that most of WRE settlements had razed. It looked like someone had dropped nuclear warheads on the Balkans. Not to mention the amount of factions would go into hoard mode, and most of the factions doing this weren't even close to the Hunnic hordes so it wasn't even historically accurate. The slavic factions should be panicking, yet it seems they have the largest growing kingdoms that far east.Rebellions also occur almost at random, and I cant even go a single turn without fighting a god damn town defense battle, which by the way, almost all look the same. ERE campaign rebellions become awfully repetitive, and while it is to be expected with WRE, if they would add more settlement variety that would be most welcome.Oh man... and then there are the DLC packs. Oh boy, I could go on for HOURS on why half of these DLC are not at all worth getting, and yet I won't. They did useless DLC spams with Empire, Napoleon, Shogun 2, Rome 2, Attila, AND now probably Warhammer. I laughed for like, 10 minutes when I saw the ""Chaos Warriors"" pack! Making Chaos warriors a DLC faction is like saying your selling lemonade at a lemonade stand, but instead of the drink, you have printed and photocopied pictures of lemonade and then try to sell it to others. Chaos is like, The best thing about any warhammer game, it is ALWAYS in a good warhammer game, the forces of chaos being literally what is trying to destroy the old world, and yet we have to pay 7.99 to play as the one actual constant in warhammer fantasy. Doing this is seriously not the way to get more customers.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------And yet, I still like this game, it is addicting, and I hope anyone new to Total War likes this game and decides to buy it... If I were to make a toast about CA it would be to stop releasing a game every year and just take their time, because I find it quite disappointing with the way all this has been going."
,Recommended,325610,34175314,Posted: 11 August,all,Xeriakos Petrakis,"Total War: ATTILA is an excellent game with faction-specific starting contexts and diverse unit rosters.  The mechanics are some of the most complex ever utilized by a Total War game, and the game went a long way to redeem The Creative Assembly after the Total War: Rome 2 disaster."
,Not Recommended,325610,29802188,Posted: 9 February,all,Drginix,"stop-a-rebellion simulator, i want my money back"
,Recommended,325610,14524746,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,SACRiFiCiAL LAMB,"Attention-Attention! I bored stupid mans who write ""Attila was turkish""... Attila was hun [Attila the hun]! Magyars were a tribe from the Hun Empire.Evidences:Huns were equestrian warriors with bow and other light weapons as Magyars.Huns were use runic writing as Magyars.Huns weren't religious as Magyars before the conquest.We had enemies who tries to destroy our evidences, but we still have a lot!So Attila was closer to Magyars(Now Hungarians) than to Turkish. ♥♥♥♥IN' DOT!I have the truth!"
76561198113942609,Recommended,325610,23514934,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,thomasmedge,"Love this game. I have been a TW fan for years. Everyone has their personal TW games, mine is Attila. Least favorite would be Empire. If you like stragety, commanding units in battle, diplomacy, or just caos... Well then this game is for you!"
76561197996677013,Recommended,325610,24270209,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Mylae,"An excellent game, that improves Rome II playability, although it (deliberately?) lacks a feature of Rome II: automatic battles do not adjust their outcome if one choose to be aggressive, balanced or defending."
76561198037021662,Recommended,325610,24276779,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,grendted,"Having an excellent time in this (mac version) installment of the franchise and i have to say, Its become my favorite installment so far. I've played through a few differnt factions to my own personal goals as I always find that gives me more enjoyment than the preset victory conditions.8/10"
76561198089423178,Recommended,325610,24384488,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,hungerman92,"Fantastic game,"
76561198107654847,Recommended,325610,24435359,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Lin Huichi,"This is probably the most complicated total war game to date, so I don't recommend for beginners. It even has a mobile guide, but I enjoyed some of the features and it is pretty difficult. So veterans like myself would probably enjoy this as I have hundreds of hours planned."
76561198132071003,Recommended,325610,24516899,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,conormatthews19,I like this game very much. It has much better gameplay menchanics than Rome 2 and has better battles. the factions are very fun to play as.
76561198148489429,Recommended,325610,26629346,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,theGlobemaster,"Don't underestimate the graphics, you'll need a big ♥♥♥♥er of a gpu. (I have i5-4690k @ 4GHz an R9-270x 4GB and it still drops under 20 fps on ultra settings)"
76561198133981951,Recommended,325610,26765528,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,goffyco69,"I liked it. BUT, the new map mechanics leave much to be desired. The three cities in a territory is confusing and unneeded. The battles are great, units are cool as you would expect with total war. But the new map methods are clunky and too simplified. It can be fun and i got the celt expanion which allowed me to play as the Picts. It was good, and a good thing I got it on sale. The New factions are interesting. and it was nice to have a playable Iran map.8/10  Good battles, wierd map play."
76561198006638672,Recommended,325610,27005117,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AmericanBaronSSK,"Total War Games give a sense of living history and or rewriting history as what would you do if you were a Roman Emperor of either East or West or Saxon King, etc... In Attila Total War you can make historical decisions that Rome Empire in the East or The West did make or did not make... A good example you can be tolerant to other Religions or you can choose to oppress them with in the empire or nation. So if your tolerant and give other faiths equal rights you have more domestic peace in your empire or nation, however for example if your the Roman empire either from the East or the West you can choose to Oppress other religions like they did in actual history and you will have more Domestic social unrest in your empire. So the question remains will you follow history and how much will you follow the actual history or will you rewrite history for the Romans as what you think they should have done? This game also teaches about the Geography of the time, some historical decisions that had to be made during crucial times, also this game teaches with in the parameters of the game what will you build in terms of buildings to help you kingdom in any shape or form, economics, diplomacy. Total War series in general do a good job bringing the wisdom of the Art of War and fatigue of military units going throw terrain. Also trying to balance a budget with your buildings, trade, technology, and military upkeep and some building up keeps as well... This game is Not the most perfect game in regards to historical accuracy because No video game or movie ever is."
,Recommended,325610,27023930,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,(KInd-Mod) Boghog123,I have played this game with my friend and it has some of the best co op action i have ever seen.
76561197991421336,Recommended,325610,27792640,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,macos.spr,"Something wrong with this game is. It's very frustrating when you try to not sleep between chapters, just click next round next round next round. In the middle of the game almost all map is destroyed, so when you want take over a city you must have a lot of money to spend. In the final, you only spend money on rebuild cities.But its total war... you must play it, at least one time, and I always recommended this game."
76561198014300600,Recommended,325610,27809510,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,TheWatchful,"The Total War series has at its heart managed to combine the best of turn-based and real-time strategy and has delivered fluent, thrilling - even cinematic - strategic battles on the one hand and scope for complex management and planning of cities on the other.+ Total War Attila for me retains or reintroduces some of the best gameplay elements the series ever introduced (e.g. family and skill trees), while adding some well thought-out innovations (e.g. the horde mechanics).+ Most factions are interesting, based on units selected from different general rosters and several to many (depends on the faction) unique units.+ As befitting the time period the starting strengths of the factions range from one province to an empire, leading to very different gameplays.- I concede, as many other Total War fans before me, that the AI is unfortunately one of the weaknesses in the series.0 (neutral) It's hard not to be angry at SEGA for its DLC policy for several of the recent Total War titles. Attilla is no exception. Some DLC packs (Vikings, Longbeards) simply don't contain enough unique new content to justify their price. Others however (Desert Kingdoms, Celts) added some of my personal favourite factions into the game and are worth every cent. Also I would have been glad to pay some money for a DLC to add some additional siege warfare units.Looking at Total War Attila in retrospective, also in the light of Total War: Warhammer, where the designers decided to greatly simplify the game mechanics, I realize it could also well be the culmination point of (well tuned and fun) complexity in Total War, which is why for me it warrants the ""Test of Time"" Nomination in the 2016 Steam Awards."
,Recommended,325610,23388916,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,督师九边,"Lots of fresh elements added, have fun razing all the cities while playing Huns XD"
,Recommended,325610,26854859,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,balaskas ☏,"One of the best Total War title so far, I'm really addicted to this game. I would rather say this game is better than Rome 2 tbh.P.S. I'm doing this review to get a badge, thx."
76561198257602246,Recommended,325610,26882432,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Polini,"This is the best strategy game out there. If you are wondering and dont know what RTS should you buy, go for Attila!I think the best from TW series.10.48/10"
,Recommended,325610,26949308,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Squackle,Ya know..... iz gud
,Recommended,325610,26975806,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kenneth Gustafus,"The game overall is amazing,The main campaign is a bit hard once Attila shows up if you arent fully prepared and it can mess everything up since you need a strong army just for a chance of surviving him and if you already have wars going on it can really ruin the fun.The battles are as amazing as expected from a TW game, nothing to really add since it doesnt break away from the standards of TW battles."
76561198144544165,Recommended,325610,24036903,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,AwP.Raz0r,atilla is by far my favorite total war game now (still like the others)
,Recommended,325610,24384482,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Swaggy P,"Solid game, great modding communityComparison to Rome 2:+ Better AI! yay! Now they flank.+ AI don't just blob in the middle of your line+ Charges look better+ There seems to be more troop variety- There seems to be less troop variety among certain cultures- The same voice acting. Notactors, I meanthe same exact recordings.- They removed the click and drag function to move your troops, so now you just create a box as if you're clicking and dragging on your desktop- I used to create battle groups with CTRL + 1 (or whatever number) and now it locks the formation, definitely annoying-+ It feels like battles are much faster due to increased kill rates. I could be wrong.Differences from other Total War games:- Remember when you used to be able to pick empires at different stages of history? Well, now you can't.You are forced to play one of two HUGE empires if you want to be Roman.Not a good thing if you're new to Attila, very overwhelming. I wish you could pick a Rome where it was nearly destroyed where all you have left is Italy.- If they read the above critique and work on it, it'll probably be released as a paid DLC.7/10 Solid, at first I thought this game was more ""meh"" but it looks like they patched some things and the game feels much more fun now.(Old Rating: 5.5)"
,Recommended,325610,24482318,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Gregory Berrycone,goode
76561198197024818,Recommended,325610,24517748,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,SmokierRook3267,"I love the game. I hate the huns do,"
76561198259788111,Recommended,325610,26572768,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Brouette,"very nice, a lot of fun whit my friend dont think, buy it !!"
76561198008825121,Recommended,325610,26597512,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Dirkki,"Enjoyed this, but as a Eastern Rome, after the early game it just got so easy. I got the barbarians, rebels and everybody just contained and had a huge army. Lost intrest after that. Still, a good game I think."
,Recommended,325610,26756124,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,stopmotion500,"Total war Attila is the 9th installment in the Total War franchise. Following the comercial and eventually critic success of Rome 2 Attila seem to be a very solid follow up to Rome 2, well after the trailers that is. Before I get into the pros and cons of Attila lets talk about the setting first. Attila is set in the late 300's till the mid late 400's ad, it follows the breakup and eventual end of the Roman empire at the hands of the fercious Nomadic warlord Attila. As with all total war games you can pick a faction to play as such as Huns, Romans, Vandals etc... and lead them through this time period. This time period though is one of the well apocolyptic times in history as barbarians storm western civilization, the earth cools leaving nothing to eat, people scramble over the leftovers of fallen kingdoms with bow and sword, and one more small thing only the scourge of god is now suddenly destroying all of settled civlization with millions of warriors leaving nothing in his wake but death and destruction. Sounds like the perfect recipe for a total war game right right? well just keep reading. Since we got that out of the way below I have a list of pro and cons and from there you can make your own decision.CONS; Attila is far from a perfect game and below I will list my cons about the game.Very lacking and similar unit rosters; Just look at the goths, vandal, and frankish rosters, yeah its bad.More aggresive Huns; The huns in this game are well the center of the whole game and it makes me boil when the Hunnic AI sends maybe a stack or two to attack me and then kinda just sits there and just moves on. That was the biggest problem with my west rome campaign the huns were just disapointing.Dumb Ai; In total war games it is not common to see ok AI but something happened in attila insted of better ai, The ai just gets ridiculous buffs. The ai still does dumd things like send the general first or suicide there units one at a time. When i ment total war needs better ai i didn't mean dumb ai With spartan stats.Campaign map ai; all i will say for this is. Why would the franks raze all there neighbors and then take and keep territories in arabia?Polotics and Diplomacy; In this game the politics is bare bones along with its diplomacy. When a Govenor has low loyalty all you do is press the secure loyalty button, and when you go into diplomacy with another nation no diplomats need to be send or anything, yop are always in constant contact with other people across the map it is like each leader has a smart phone with a few options: Declare war Make Peace Trade, and be my ♥♥♥♥♥.Now that i have bashed this game half to death time to talk about good things in the game.PROS:Graphics; nothing else needs to be saidHorde Mechanic; The horde mechanic allows your faction to roam the map without a settlement you build large tent cities and dont have to worry about pesky city mangement. You can raze whole empires and keep the wealth all to your self.Family Tree; For the first time since Medevil 2 family trees are back you can now it matters who rules your kingdom. You can marry into families and make alliances with them and if you play your cards right you just might inherit that land.DLC well some of; DLC's in total war recently have been flakey, some are good and some just suck. In this game Empire of sands, Age of Charlemange, the last Roman, and the Celtic DLC bring much needed flavor to the main campaign, and in two of thoose cases whole new campaigns that in Charlemange case is better than the grand campaign.Razing Cites; This campaign feature in my opinion is essential to the game especially for the nomads, and also the campaign graphics of a razed area is awesome.Mods; This is the saving and high point of Attila. From unit mods to whole new campaigns you can find almost everything you need or want.After that you can make your own decision on the game about the game, but i personally think this is still a solid game. Hope i can help I give Attila Total War a 3.9/ 5.0 or a 82/100 or even a B."
76561198058775513,Recommended,325610,24272855,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,ₚₐₜᵣᵢcᵢₐₙ ₘᵤ,assassinating family member since 500 A.D.
76561198004767061,Recommended,325610,26829457,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Warlord,"Really good Total War title that finally shakes up the formula a bit. Most notable change happens with factions in the game, their focuses and mechanics. Even within specific type of faction there are unique exceptions (Tanukhids for example; which are introduced in a DLC), which play differently and offer additional variety.Dark and gritty setting, plenty of new features, workshop support and coop! 'Nuff said."
,Recommended,325610,27309655,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TabooOlive,"If you like getting invaded by a bunch of no good dirty Barbarians, then you're gonna love the Huns. Vikings, Easteners, Romans, and everyone else tries to fight off Attila together (which was rare for me) and we ending getting DESTROYED. 10/10 Damn Horse Archer Spam!!!!"
,Recommended,325610,34386241,Posted: 20 August,all,Isaax,"its total war so its good already, but this one really gives the apocolyptic vibe if you are playing in europe.it doesnt represent actual mongol tactics well however, which, well its a bit dissapointing in that respect.christianity is also like a debuff in this game. rome didnt lose its technologies because of being christian. they lost them because they got wrecked.theres plently of negatives to list here but the game is actually really solid and i cant not reccomend it. ive ad a lot of fun with it.9/10"
,Recommended,325610,14566583,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Mythic,"Amazing game, Alot of fun, very simmilar to Rome 2, but still alot better in many ways."
76561198050775278,Not Recommended,325610,21394702,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Frogman,"Don't get me wrong in this review.  This is still a well made game that's playable and enjoyable.I was watching the intro cinematic and said ""Hey I recognize that guy...and that guy....and that guy too.""  What should have at most been a campaign dlc for Rome II was turned into a ""brand new"" game for the Total War franchise.  You wanted Vikings?  Sure We'll give you 3 small 1 territory factions to choose from that have generic looking units even with the viking dlc you bought.  They took Rome II, tweaked a couple mechanics (which are mostly still the same from Rome II), rearranged who controls what part of the map,  added a formiddable enemy, and slapped a new price tag on it.I'm having trouble getting into this game as I had played myself tired of Rome II.  And after this flop of a new installment they're making a Warhammer? I play total war for the historical immersion.  I believe this franchise is going to run itself into the ground.  I would much rather have a Medieval reboot."
,Not Recommended,325610,15118093,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,El Chupa Nibre,"*This review is a statement against recent Total War titles marketing scheme*This recommendation will stay negative unless Creative Assembly and Sega demonstrate to Total war fans that this game will not be plagued by abusive and overpriced downloadable content (as is The Viking Forefathers ''Culture pack'', and the Longbeards ''Culture Pack'').Sega and Creative Assembly, show some respect to Total War fans.We have paid for a complete game. Could you do us the honor of delivering one ?"
76561198006977722,Not Recommended,325610,21085820,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,theevilmonkeyclone1,"As a longtime TW fan, this one was a real dissapointment. Attila is, at best, okay. If its on sale, I'd say get it and mod it out. Don't bother with the culture packs, all the units are kinda the same. Everything about this game could be considered mediocre. Nothing really flashes out to me as especially good. Mods help a good bit, but it just doesn't capture the feel of older, more intricate TW games like Rome I and Medieval II. I really wanted to like Attila, but I think this will be the last TW game I purchase."
,Not Recommended,325610,21541786,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,DaCrazyDingo,Plays like Rome 2. You are just paying for a new time period and the ability to raze regions and have hordes. So much DLC the game actually costs well north of $100. Then it will periodically give you at multple gig update. totday it tried and stalled and update because I didn't have 19+ gig of space on my ssd for paywall content.I have been an solid total war player since Rome 1. I will most likely not be buying another one until these shenanigans stop. Not worth my money or time.
,Recommended,325610,23750447,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Whiskey,"I don't get all the negative reviews for this game, yes there is dlc, yes it had optimisation problems in the past but the game works butter smooth right now with 45+ fps on maxed out settings. This game leaves you wanting more and more, conquring one province is never enough. A must buy for total war fans or casual gamers looking for a turn based stratergy game, and the dlc yes its annoying but if youre hooked just buy it on sale.Overall 8/10"
,Recommended,325610,21326367,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Hyranic,"It is actually not bad.. Wait, wait! Before I get run over by the CA bash train, hear me out! This game is no Medeival II. None of CA's releases can match what they did with Rome Total War, and Medieval II. That being said, on its own, Atilla is not a bad game. It adds a lot of new mechanics like city razing and hordes. The combat is enjoyable, and all my units feel useful in battles. (Alan shock cavalry VS anything.) This game also reimpliments religion, making it a very important factor, and allowes factions to convert religion at any time.This is not a bug free game, and not a top CA title. The building system is a bit weird, the fact that I cant acctually put up a wall to defend boarder towns bugs me constantly. Resettling after migrating is a bit of a pain, mostly on the treasury, and there are other mechanics that need to be fixed, but over all, 7/10. Not bad.Edit: 6.5/10 Just played as the WRE, and I swear, eather the Hun AI is VERY good, or it's pulling hoard stacks out of it's♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198088233715,Recommended,325610,31180474,Posted: 16 April,all,Shimazu,It's worth to give my money to the developer ! Addicted
,Recommended,325610,21789464,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Skykip,"My review for Total War: ATTILASimply said, the game is good. It is a huge improvement over the huge mess that was Total War: Rome II.Better graphics, less bugs (although there are some) and some fun new mechanics.I will cover the pros first:Horde mechanic: this is a great mechanic they made that really fits in this time period. Basically, what it does is that as some barbaric factions (Germanic peoples, the Huns of course ect.) you can litteraly just burn down your settlements and move to a different place. When you do that, your armies become moving cities, ""Hordes"" to be exact. These hordes have a extra army stance, and if you click that one, your army becomes a camp, so it transforms into a settlement, with buildings you can upgrade ect. When you finally found a good spot for your faction, just capture the settlement and occupy it, and your hordes will go back to normal armies. Some factions already start out as hordes (Visigoths, Huns ect.) and the Huns can never settle down, whereas the Romans can never go horde mode, at least ive never tried it :PGraphics: The graphics are great, but ATILLA is a monster when it comes to performance. I am lucky enough that i have a good pc, and can run this one on high, but a lot of people will have to turn the graphics down. Why is this on the pros then? Because i personally think the graphics are stunning, from the units to the cities to the campaign map, evrything looks amazing.Burning cities: A small feature, but a fun one. What it is, is that during a siege battle, the attacker can burn down houses with fire arrows or onagers, and the more the city is destroyed the bigger the morale penalty for the defender. Keep in mind that if you damage a city badly, and then you capture it, that the repair costs will be higher.Now some cons:DLC: Over the past years SEGA/CA has been kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ with their DLC practises. Cut content, overpriced DLC or just generally a lot of DLC. This is one thing that doesnt ruin the game immediatly, but still makes you a bit sad when you see that 3-4 factions is 7,50 euros or around 8$ and they already have 5 packs of this stuff. The DLC whoring is just a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ thing to do, and evry year SEGA/CA is getting worse at it.Balancing: the game is pretty unbalanced, with that i mean especially cavalry units. The charge bonus they get is pretty ridiculous sometimes and the AI is still not great (its Total War after all). Although it isnt Empire-level stupid (Yayyy :D) Also the fertility of regions (high fertility means more money and food from farms) is wierdly done through the campaign, it just get ridiculously unfertile after some time, and then farming doesnt do anything anymore.Overall I would say it is a good game, and i would especially advise picking it up when its on sale, you probably wont regret it (exept if you have a bad pc, seriously, dont even think about buying it then). And it has enough new things and a interesting time period to keep you playing for a while."
76561198354366953,Recommended,325610,30045600,Posted: 19 February,all,MR TEDYS BEARS,I'm a life long total war fan and some haters my hate but they can go duck them selfs for all I care
76561198069596126,Recommended,325610,14939398,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,KingJubilee,This game is dope
76561198006533071,Recommended,325610,14947890,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Hard Boiled Egg,"This is a fantastic addition to the total war series, heaps more atmosphere, and genuine growth on the strong foundation of Rome II.Unfortunately the community is feeling frustrated at the DLC approach and is attacking CA for its business model rather than supporting what is a great game. As a fully employed working adult I have no issue with paying for ongoing support and development for the game through DLC, enjoy the new life that is added to the game with each DLC, and that it allows the developers to retain staff and continue working on the Total War series. Using DLC's extends the life of the game by making players want to return to see what has changed at each DLC updated.I do however think CA and Sega would do themselves a marketing and PR favour if they worked out a way for the non-working adult gamer mob to earn content in game for free by through completing in game goals. They could call it a 'Bread and Games' edict if it made them feel better.Perhaps CA and Sega would do well to remember Julius Caesar ""its not these well fed men I fear, but the pale and hungry looking"""
76561198011931142,Recommended,325610,14946721,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Tourniquet5,"I love this series, and Attila seemed to fix some issues that Rome II had. They brought back the family tree, and added politics. Plus you get to fight history, stop the Roman Empire from falling. The task in itself is remarkable. Graphics are great even next gen. Only complaint I have is they should bring back the in game movies, such as Triumph videos, or Agent actions such as MTWII. All in all a Great game."
76561198069905357,Not Recommended,325610,19339206,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Candi,"The game won't launch, 0/10 would rather eat my own hand than buy again"
,Recommended,325610,19989427,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,BlackfyreOne,This + Age of Charlemagne DLC = best Total War game ever made. ♥♥♥♥ the haters!
,Not Recommended,325610,20164645,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,ZandroZ,im sorry i love all total war games (frome medival 2 atleast) but now everything is bad becuse you take my money to do 3 crappy nations pls dont ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥ up with your next game remove this ♥♥♥♥ing pay to play crap i want everything. okay if you do it with the new campaigns doe :P
76561198001961786,Not Recommended,325610,19353432,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,"Chef Wiffy, Serving Wiffs Daily","If you enjoy purchasing a broken game and not being able to launch it at all, then this is the purchase for you? Their forums are riddled with topic after topic of startup crashes and yet they have no work around or solution."
76561198071294463,Not Recommended,325610,21824760,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Sherlock Holmes,"I don't enjoy this game, seems like expanding takes way too long and it just isnt fun."
76561198023487014,Not Recommended,325610,21429928,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Jesse J[A]mes,"Caution! You won`t start any campaign on mac os, the game crashes. Only battle mode.Can anyone mention that this game does not work on Mac OS in a proper way?"
,Not Recommended,325610,21454873,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Ruffer,"While being an incredibly fun and great game, I have to say the way in which creative assembly is managing their DLC and content packs is horrible, so in that respect I do not reccomend this game"
,Not Recommended,325610,32728923,Posted: 24 June,all,Cpl. Colbert,"Honestly, this game would have been fun and I'd recommend it.If it weren't for the amount of crashes and the DLC prices are questionable but great.The Crashes is whats making this game very frustrating and saltful."
76561198031823936,Recommended,325610,21346961,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Leabra,"A good game, but could have been better. Its worth buying because of the modding community."
76561198073163769,Not Recommended,325610,31843821,Posted: 19 May,all,Gamer McGameface,"Compared to Rome II, this game is poorly optimized. Expect crashes, input lag and stuttering (None of which occurred on this machine with Rome II)."
76561198006878521,Not Recommended,325610,15087428,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,NegaDuck,"Runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥on the newest macbookpro 15"" even on the lowest settings.... wtf CA?"
76561197964693483,Not Recommended,325610,15067605,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,BananBosse,"Great game!But no, too much DLC ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t to be worth recommending."
76561198038934302,Not Recommended,325610,15086049,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Vile Reality,"TERRIBLE DO NOT BUYI can't believe CA has the balls to charge for this Rome 2 clone.  All the same bugs, crappy AI and s**t gameplay that Rome 2 has, and NO the didn't fix♥♥♥♥♥♥in the ""Emperor Edition.""  I will never buy anything from CA again or SEGA for that matter."
76561198079825388,Recommended,325610,27649449,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[Tactical] Lumiere,Entered a city with my armycivilian tried to stop uskilled him with a punch100/10
76561198007609752,Not Recommended,325610,15058948,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Scalf Haiver,Could be better
76561197967973198,Not Recommended,325610,14597730,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Smellfire,"The longer game you play, the worse the AI gets. Pretty poor to begin with. Game is OK, but nothing special in the genre. Its expensive if you didn't pre-order and bought the expansion pack like I did, for what you get.Not enough starting factions for release, and then to charge extra for 3 more is kinda a joke.A few patches and it might be a decent game, but as a CK2 player, you really don't get much bang for your buck in this game."
76561198046392249,Recommended,325610,23779043,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,phil77zone,AMAZING GAME!! big fan of total war series. rome 2 being best..then this got even better because of the ai and little bit better lighting system. but also of course new time periods and tons of new highly detailed units. newcomers to this genre might take a bit but after awhile this will become greatly enjoyable as far as gaming goes
76561197993882250,Recommended,325610,14584018,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,NOBODY,I have been a totally war fan from the start go and this has to be there best game ever since the day they relesed Rome it is Totally bug free runs like a charm they put there imagnation and thought and passion into this versin of Totally war  I must say what a great game well worth getting... ! 10 / 10 just for getting it right the first time ... !
,Not Recommended,325610,20683387,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Bobby Bottle Service,"I love these games but this is probably the last Total War game I will ever buy. Attila is fun, however, a few things don't run as smoothly as they should (i.e. certain character traits, A.I. is useless for diplomacy). Although these problems have been known to Creative Assmbly for a while now, they seem to only be worried about rolling out more and more DLC packs. They've made it pretty clear to theie customers that they're more worried about making a buck than producing a quality product to their customers.I've been a customer for a long while now and its a shame to see what direction this company is taking.RIP"
76561198023241811,Recommended,325610,16220276,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,xnikolasbs,"after the huge letdown with romes 2 realease attila shines as one of the best games in the series in my opinion,it has amazing graphics,very nice sieges and really nice units,the DLCs here are (suprise) mostly good and some of them like charlemagne and the last roman are great,it is really polished though it suffers from poor optimaizason,i recommend this for all TW and strategy fans."
76561198063538294,Not Recommended,325610,16805102,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Ausfy,"I tried this game when it was free on last weekend.For some reason I found the game to be bored... Don't get me wrong Medieval 2 total war and rome total war are awesome and I still play them today (and i bought medieval 2 total  war in 2014 and rome total war in 2015).In fact right after I played Attila for about 75min, I went back to rome total war and played for about 2 hours. And found out older Total war series are extremely fun to play.If you have a chance, try the free version of Attila and try rome total war babarian invasion. Determine which game is right for you. For me Attila is not my game based on my experiences and opinions."
,Not Recommended,325610,15303330,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,elton,Ok game however poor in comparison to rome two total war.  Both eastern and western roman empires are difficult to maintain with constant attacks from barbarians.  This game is similar to rome two however it is disappointing for the price of 29.99
76561198039409910,Not Recommended,325610,15817949,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Nuushba,"As a fan since the first Shogun Total war this has to be the worst total war. Everything they got right in Rome 2 which was not much got scraped.They had a great time period to use and add on to Rome 2 but they created a game with few unique units, AI that can only fight by sending several stacks against a single target. That army you just got set up the way you like wave goodbye everyone is going to attack you after you end your turn (Allies, Enemies, Non Aggression Pacts, and your vassals)."
76561198006425438,Recommended,325610,19636748,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Ravaan,"Wow. Just seeing the negative reviews, just wanted to write a quick review for any of my friends having a look at this.Total War: ATTILA is awesome and far superior to Rome Total War 2. It's beautiful, difficult (without crazy cheating like Shogun TW 2) and interesting with varied factions and interesting history and mechanics.If you like the total war games, you'll enjoy it.The reason it has got so many negative reviews is they now sell extra factions as DLC instead of allowing you to unlock them. Not cool, but there are plenty of varied factions in the initial release. And if you want to play a specific interesting other faction, the DLC isn't very expensive of special, so just wait for one of those.Really enjoyed this and it's definitely worth buying and playing."
76561197993830915,Not Recommended,325610,15827277,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Leebay,DLC Rubbish
,Not Recommended,325610,15491840,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Jakeytastic,":( Like most people here i grew up with total war, I'v alot of childhood memories playing the old games, and like most of you iv become very disapointed by the way sega/Creative assembly have turned away from making great and enjoyable games to making ""WHATEVER THE BLOODY ♥♥♥♥ MAKES US SOME BLOODY MONEY!!! BLOODY? INO LETS MAKE A BLOODY BLOOD DLC AND SELL IT TO OUR FANS HAHA"". Its disgraceful and needs to stop :( in the old days we just needed to conquer and faction to make it playable Now we need to pay €14.99. What ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ came up with that idea? Sega have become ♥♥♥♥♥s to money and have become worse then freemium gaming. Please bring back the good old days."
76561198096835353,Not Recommended,325610,15801448,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,MacDurious,"I really want to like this game. The barbarian factions finally have respectable units and customization and their cities have buildings that actually provide extra traits to the game. With that being said, I have spent at least 50% of my time dealing with the politics system, another 30% dealing with disease and smallpox outbreaks, 10% actual battles, and another 10% being ravaged by every faction because that constantly refuses to agree to any diplomatic agreements resulting in being at war with at least 3 of my neighbors at all times (even though I am never the aggressor)."
76561198087804895,Not Recommended,325610,15499406,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,captainmericah,"3/10 soley on the way the company is being run now. they reskined rome 2 and added some faction politics. still buggy and breaks alot. plus i refuse to buy the dlc, its already in the game. For instance the latest patch was for blood and burning dlc right? well if i dont have it why does my game still need to update before playing? needless to say my next CA purchase will be years and years away. CA you have lost one of your most loyal and long term fans (sogun 1) i brought many a person to your game and introduced them to the fun to be had, but now? you are selling content that was already in game. 3/10"
,Recommended,325610,31181317,Posted: 16 April,all,Tebin,Would ♥♥♥♥ with/10
,Not Recommended,325610,22172379,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,[HT]SirPancho,Don't buy this game.
,Recommended,325610,18207331,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,TheCryingSeal,"This is going to be a ACTUAL Review on the game.Graphics:9.5Gameplay:9.7Campaign:9.8DLC Level:3Community:9.3Mods:10Total=51.3Honestly its a good game, I reccomend it."
76561198097954905,Recommended,325610,20542501,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,GeorgeAres,მაგარია ძალიან !
76561198000702197,Not Recommended,325610,20435132,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Zendetta_,"Overall, this IS a good game.I enjoyed my first campaign immensely. It's nice having the option of campaigning as a variety of different factions, with different stories and start areas.The multiplayer is relatively balanced (though quite empty most of the time).My issue came when I tried to start my second campaign as the Huns. For a game named 'Attila', you'd think they'd put a lot of focus on the horde mechanics. I'm afraid that on the upper difficulty levels, hordes are just too weak. Your expansion held back by total reliance on growth, your armies are crippled by the difficulty of maintaining your economy (sacking nets you very little, raiding is inferior to camping).Good luck starting a 4th horde before your enemies have 5+ armies, that they will send after you. ALL of them. No matter how far away from their territory you are, they know where you are and will hunt you to the edges of the map. And they'll invite their friends to join the hunt. My campaign has just ended in the very north eastern edge, where my 3 battered hordes were destroyed by 8 full armies, which had chased me from Italy. These 8 armies belonged to 5 different factions, and I had never interacted with any of them. I would honestly be ok with the Huns if you could just fix this ridiculous witch hunt.CA...please..."
76561198079507554,Recommended,325610,21193795,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Jaeger,"I like this game as you can see by how many hours I have put into it and I would recommend it to fans of rts and turn based games. But I am writing this review to ask people to stop protesting the DLC problem by posting bad reviews for this game. It is a good game and people who look at reviews want to know if it is or is not, not if CA's and SEGA's marketing is S##t (which it is). people who look at reviews for games want to know if it is good so I ask please stop writing bad reviews solely on the perpose of telling CA or Sega their marketing is s##t."
76561198070629770,Recommended,325610,30267962,Posted: 1 March,all,Gearboxx,"This feels and plays like Medieval 3: Total War.  The time period spans from before Atilla to well after.  As far as I know, there is no forced end to the game.  It spans from Ireland to Saudi Arabia.  I like the streamlined unit replenishment.  Generals and governors can be specialized for useful strategic advantages.  Combined land and sea operations for invading coastal cities was a treat.  Great value to the game, so I had no problem shelling out a couple more dollars to see blood and gore (highly recommended, partly to see blood, but mostly because the fighting animations are much better).  The Celtic pack seemed a bit greedy, but still much cheaper than Total War: Warhammer."
76561198018953785,Not Recommended,325610,22206125,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,steelvswill,Money trap.
,Not Recommended,325610,22257824,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,RoboJesus,gud game bad dlc stuff updates only wiff dlc sadfaces
76561198089642280,Recommended,325610,19000306,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Man In A Suit,This game is only fun when your playing campaign mods and not the vanilla game itself. Oh and dont get me started on the DeathStacks. The Huns will throw at least four full stacked armies at your meager civilation and if you manage to beat that then they pull three more out of their♥♥♥♥♥ (In vanilla)
,Not Recommended,325610,17137290,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Vaga,Units control have some problems
76561198014092269,Recommended,325610,17297219,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Phil,"Being a Total War Veteran spanning from my time playing the original shogun a long long time ago and having tasted the bitter pill that was Rome Total War 2, was very very disappointed in Rome Total War 2 even though I own it I rarely play the game.Now coming to Attila, the good parts -On Legendary difficulty the game really comes into it's own, having spent the majority of my time playing the Eastern Roman Empire, it's really really tough going.Also there's no chance to reload and undo any mistakes. So each turn can decide the fate of that game. I wouldn't be lying to say I've made terrible errors, lose a giant battle, made some questionable diplomacy decisons that have cost me a 40 hour game and had to restart as a consequence of this.I've found the game to be very addictive, that I've spent ages on it, far too much time. To me compared to Rome 2 it has more atmosphere, the graphcis look less plastic like and more natural and thats me having Rome Total War 2 on high compared to Attila on low.The family tree is back finally :)The Bad:There are millions of factions, at the start this is fine but later on in the game if you haven't turned off AI moves which there is an option for, you'll spend ages waiting for the turn time to go. If you turn them off you have to waste time look round the map to see where people have gone and you will forget to do this and out of nowhere a Hun army arrives and razes a city which can be very frustrating.The AI can be kinda of stupid in that it will charge every 90% during settlement battles in your wave of spears and yes that includes horsemen making a sucicidal charge. It's a 50/50 in legendary you need to exploit this in order to cheese win some battles, although in open field battles the AI will perform pretty decently in my experience. It's the settlement stuff that can be ropey at times.Yes the AI can magically have 2 full stacks from 1 settlement somehow even if it's the most crummby pronvince in the middle of the Sahara that has no way of making that kind of money and the cheap city happiness boasts which will rarely, if ever see an enemy city rebel or spawn rebels. If you don't believe me check the West Roman Empire and you'll see that magically most of the cities have green faces when the AI play them but when you play them nothing but red faces across the board.The annoying AI boasts can feel cheap at times, espeically on legendary and that can be frustrating that they don't play on a level playing field but it has always been like this I suspect.You must fight alot of your battles yourself, word of warning if you don't especially for the minor settlement garrisons vs barbarian hordes you might be able to whittle down that army or even kill the general routing a larger force which is better then auto resolving and inflicting barely a scratch or even slowing that army down. This can get very tedious when it's the same old backs to the wall tactics and charging your cav in the rear as an attempt to knock out the enemy general quickly and smash the enemy army's moraleOverall:All in all I like the atmosphere of the game, especially as playing as the Romans desperately trying to drag armies across in time, playing a delaying tactics till your reinforcements arrive.I haven't played the co-op or head to head campaign but I can imagine that would be quite good. Not sure if the game is well optomised, maybe they are working on patches to majke it run faster hopefully . it is alot slower paced but I've adjusted to that compared to other total war in how turns go. The battles are fast paced and unpredictable how they can go somtimes which is a good thing in my opinon.I would recommend getting this game, avoid Rome Total War 2, I never quite took a shine to it. It's like Attila is the Napoleon whilst Rome is the Empire, a slightly more refined version with better improvements"
76561198248451828,Recommended,325610,29305311,Posted: 16 January,all,Dwanel,hecking awesome
,Not Recommended,325610,15914842,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,AllyJaay93,i cant believe they are making us PAY for 'Blood and burning'? Are you kidding me?First game ever that makes you PAY for blood effects and animation....IT SHOULD BE IN THE GAME AS SHIPPED!!!!!! MONEY GRABBING COMPANY GOING TO RUIN UR OWN GAME!Im in shock that they even done this..
,Recommended,325610,16705607,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Furius_Camillus,a good game but did not like to pay for the playable factions that should be in the game especially the blood and gore
76561198007408387,Recommended,325610,20132827,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Gamerator25,"Huge improvement from Rome II. Total War has been now getting on track with its games after failing on Rome II. Attila is more exciting to play, includes more possibilities which yields a far greater potential in-game. It also has many new improvised features that make the game spectacular to play. I would advise to play Attila on a harder mode to experience a more thrilling gameplay.Overall, well done to the team of Creative Assembly. Hope to see more succesful strategy games such as this one.(Y)"
76561198007056701,Recommended,325610,19638463,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,BtoTheW,"Great totalwar game, just more demanding on ur machine than Rome II was"
,Recommended,325610,19553100,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Des Teufels rußiger Bruder,"Refused as Saxon to invade Britannia and didn't gave them a understandable language!""Gabhaidh mi fras a h-uile latha.""  yay10/10"
,Recommended,325610,25236165,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,im a crow,Really had fun with this.
76561198069073332,Recommended,325610,16568737,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Baron Blankskalle,"Attila plays like a more fun version of rome 2, where you feel like you actually have to conquer new territory, or you will perish. This contrasts rome 2 in that you feel like you are constantly in danger of being destroyed, while in rome 2 you kind of just sit around wondering who to attack next. In Attila you are forced to be more aggressive, and the feeling tension it brings to the campaign map as well as the battle field is welcomed. However, for many of the positive things Attila brings to the table, there are plenty of negative decisions.Pros:-Siege battles are way more fun than in any total war to date. The maps are varied, there are more strategic options, and you have to be more creative than before, both as attacker and defender. Its not the same battle over and over again like in Shogun 2, not messy like in rome 2, and nothing like the broken ones in Napoleon.-Diversity in clans and cultures are more pronounced, like in what units they deploy, their starting position, etc. Playing as the western roman empire, the saxons, the huns, or the sassanid empire offer completely different experiences from one another, and makes for great replay value.-CA has captured the essence of the time period very nicely, making the immersion into the game excellent for us who care about the historical period in which the game takes place.-Battle maps are pretty diverse throughout the game, which often gives you the oppurtunity to try out new strategies and keeps the battles from feeling too similar.Cons:-The new Raze mechanic leaves a lot of the campaign map barren (The AI seems to love doing this), playing as the saxons my kingdom resembled more of a collection of patches accross Europe, instead of a strong kingdom consisting of combined regions. This is both annoying, and hurtful to game immersion.-Micromanaging economy, public order, sanitation and so on is a ♥♥♥♥♥. It takes a lot of time, money and strategic planning, and it is inconvenient to do so from the menues. Its not like Shogun 2, where everything is neatly organized. It takes attention away from the fun things you should be doing, like battling romans, or conquering territory, or keeping the huns away (with violence). Instead you find yourself building wells and wondering how in the world you can cough up enough money to convert the roman buildings to your faction's type of the same building.-Horde mechanic feels gimmicky and unpolished. It is even more awkward to manage your economy in this state.-Naval battles are boring as usual. Nothing new here.-A lot of unnecessairy micromanaging accosiated with dilemmas from the family tree. I really dont care of someone in my clan was drunk on duty, if the entire byzantine empire, and a horde of huns are atticking my kingdom. Some people may feel more immerged into the game by these diemmas, but I found them distracting, because it is way to many of them.-As many have pointed out, the number of DLC is ridiculous,All in all, I reccomend Attila to someone who is familiar with the total war series, and want a different experience than the other titles in the series. It is not the best total war game, but I think the positive aspects in my own attila experience outweighs the negative ones. I had loads of fun playing attila, which is utimately what matters the most to me in a game. For newcomers to total war: try Shogun 2 before attila."
76561198068322138,Recommended,325610,16775165,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Karthikeyan,"I personally love the game even though the A.I. sometimes seems to hate you it is a good turn based, real time stratagy game. If you have plaed past Total War games like the last one Total War: Rome II then you will pick it up pretty easily pick it up. Now if you don't agree with me that it's a good game but like how it is then go back and play some of the older ones. If you'er looking for a recommendation on which one to play I personaly love Total War: Shougon 2, Rise of the Samuri, and Fall of the Samuri, also Empire Total War all though i will say it has bugs."
76561198007103644,Recommended,325610,16779326,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,xiong_2_ba,"Total War: ATTILA graphic is exellent. The small actions of politicial has being improve from the Rome Total War 2 and Emperior Edition, but hope to have more variety for new Total War game.ATTILA has also bring the Total War game back into Eastern Europe Lands, bringing more cultural to the game instead showing Rome only. Hope to have next Total War Game to have some Europe Kingdom and Asia Kingdom."
76561198034179317,Recommended,325610,19411859,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Snakebearer,"A lot of people have bashed CA lately for their choices in marketing. But I will try to be as fair as I can be.I AM a total war fan-boy. I own everything total war, and I will continue to do so - even though I most likely will wait for a 75% sale before buying any DLC.To be frank, Attila is a great TW game. It all comes down to what you want to compare it to.To me it is a clear single player upgrade to Rome 2. They have refined everything, and built upon what worked in Rome 2.They have been keeping up with the weird tradition of adding DLC factions in small quantities. What would help them actually motivate this is if they kept on updating and patching the older DLC factions as well. It royally♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off that they started adding faction quest lines with additional content to the newer DLC factions, but ignored the first ones and just let them be. There is such a thing as bad DLCs at the moment.From a MP standpoint the game is more stable than Rome 2, but from an online combat standpoint it's a bit disappointing. The maps are really detailed and a clear upgrade from any TW game before. But the unit balance is very icky at the moment. This is barely noticable in the SP experience though.If you are looking for a singleplayer experience: 8,5/10If you are looking for a multiplayer experience: 8,5/10If you are looking for an online community without the campaign elements: 5/10In short, if you are after a game where you wanna compete with other players, at the moment, you should be looking at Rome 2 instead of this one."
,Recommended,325610,20047756,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,TheNaturalGaming,"i bought star wars battlefront 2 (2006), this game, and another (forgot the name because im so addicted to this one) and this one is definatley a good buy"
76561198280971494,Recommended,325610,25239354,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,lukesnipes,good game
76561198007366388,Recommended,325610,19314654,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,shanoobergloob,huge improvement over Rome 2. With current updates and patches i would recommend this game. Overall combat improvement over rome 2 and great improvements to the HUD.I dig this game
76561198262950100,Recommended,325610,32330681,Posted: 10 June,all,Beric Dondarrion,"After the flop Rome II was, Attila is so refreshing in the genre, its great with its own style ! The game has its flaws, but most of all it is so unique ! The way the Administrative aspect of the game has been developed is just great - the way you must balance your economy. Probably the first time the importance of the Royal family has a greater meaning,especially with the power over the Realm. The diplomatic system feels a little bit better ! Combat is fantastic accompanied by great variety of units and the combination of awesome graphics is just incredible !The game is recommended for every fan of the genre, especially those of us who like to invest hours into alternative history ! :)"
76561198007617549,Recommended,325610,34602065,Posted: 30 August,all,teamhogg,"This is not a normal Totalwar game... this is Totalwar turned up to 11!ProsFamily tree and factions issues, a great addition to the roleplaying, you need to fight to keep your faction from infighting and disloyalty and great little bit of realism, similar to Crusader Kings.No steam rollering! In the previous Totalwar games you could quite easily steamroller AI, but not now, its added a little more realism to the game.Lots of different objectives, so its not just point the map your colour - which is refeshing.Hoard mechanic, a great idea to play as one and to deal with them these act as viruses rampaging around and settling at times.Its finally a challenge! Play WRE to see what I mean! When you build an empire or defend one it feels like a real achievement.The graphics, and AI, sound all brilliant!ConsIts not easy - lose a settlement or battle and it will hurt your plans.Not a quick bashathon - if you want to quickly take over Europe look somewhere else.Naval battles - missed out - a great shame.Limited armies - there are limits based on your Imperium, which can be annoying if you can afford an army there are times when you cannot raise one - however its a extra challenge!Overall - a great game - but expect to be spanked from time to time!"
,Not Recommended,325610,16869117,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,|rav|,"BEFORE YOU THINK ABOUT BUYING THIS GAME BE AWARE:The game doesn't just require over 20 GB of free space to be playedIt required ANOTHER 20 GB to be updated!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!This is because even for a 10 MB update the geniuses over at CA, these modern day Einsteins, have decided that the ENTIRE data folder needs to be RE-WRITTEN in the download section of steam!!!!!!!!!!!!Yes you heard me right!And there is no mention of this in the hardware requirements or in their stupid EULA. Besides the fact that this is in violation of laws and regulations regarding false advertising it's simply a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ More so if you run the game on an SSD to get better performance.So if you decide to buy the game do it but MAKE SURE you have over 20 GB free on the steam partition in addition to the 20 GB the game requires.CA: PERHAPS YOU COULD MAKE A DLC for us to get rid of this extra 20 gb of disk space requirement for game updates. And maybe sell it to us at 100$... This would be joke if you weren't called CA..."
,Recommended,325610,24818781,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,ThomasBravo,"For the achievement, but this is still a good game, a little glitchy sometimes, and the bots can be annoying but its a great game."
,Recommended,325610,28451168,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,PoundedAlarm,"Pros- Battles are fun again-Not easy-Family tree machanic back into the game-The Charlemange DLC is very good - if you buy anything with this game its this-Religion, and its mechanics, worksCons - Politics/family treee system is still limited-Too much DLC-Corruption is too high-Huns are too powerfull-the WRE falls apart too quickly"
76561198029223645,Recommended,325610,18140404,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,PoodleSnatcher,"Good game, enjoyable. Quite different from other TW games in the series, but amount of content and action on the battlefield make for anything lackluster in comparison to your previous experiences with the series. Unfortunately i cannot play the game for more than 10-20 intervels before the game crashes on me. Everytime. Ive upgraded my system, I run an AMD FX 8-core processor, along with directX11 supported Radeon R7 360 GPU, and windows 10. All this seems to make no difference in how the game behaves, just fine starting but as soon as it starts picking up steam, craps out. If anyone has advice or is also experiencing severe frequent crashes like this please reply."
76561198082063541,Recommended,325610,21533494,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Not Yet,10/10 would get Consumption in all my provinces again
,Recommended,325610,25418889,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,GenericWhiteMale,It's like Rome 2 if it didn't suck and was programmed by an office of chimpanzees.
,Recommended,325610,18822670,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,ThDubya,"As good as one would expect from the series. An absolute must-play for every Total War fan, with a nice selection of interesting, new gameplay mechanisms."
76561198017760353,Recommended,325610,27911079,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,»KTZ«Xeno[¥],"By providing the player goals and reasonable objectives, Total War: Attila provides the structure Rome II was sorely missing. Fun, brutal, graphically lovely, and detailed: Total War Attila is a must-own for any Total War Fans!"
76561198172091763,Recommended,325610,27902400,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Malivamar,"-Start as the Saxons-raise an army-send them across the sea-start raiding spree in England-sack all settlements10/10 raiding simulator, would raid England again."
,Recommended,325610,20864134,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Elfgore,"So after playing this game for a while, I've found it harder and harder to return to Rome II. Every time I try, I just miss the mechanics this game added. So pretty much, this is CA charging a very high price for a patch to fix Rome II and make it not suck so hard. Family trees are back, the building trees are actually built into the game, and you can see skill trees when leveling up. These little things add up into making this game so much better than Rome II.Some major downsides are of course the very over-priced and lazy Culture Pack DLCs. The Viking one is literally a reskin of an in game faction, The Saxons, with two new units added to each roster. The Celtic is the same faction copy and pasted with very few unique units added to each one. The Empires of Sand is the only I found worth it, but even that is a little iffy.The actual expansions though are quite impressive. The Last Roman is really fun to play and open for quite a few different gameplay options. Age of Charlemagne just wins for its time period, even though the unit rosters are very, very small.Overall, I enjoy this game a lot more than Rome II. The game is fine to pick up at the current price, but wait until the DLC goes on sale(like I did). Because otherwise you're paying 7.99 for something that should be 2.99,"
76561198164514286,Recommended,325610,19677211,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Putin,"this game is lovely compared to Rome 2, I recommend this game to anybody interested in this time period or Total war games. No wonder that it is a great game, but in my opinion Napoleon is still the best TW game out there."
76561198084127779,Recommended,325610,32656082,Posted: 22 June,all,xCOLONELSANDERx,i love this game played hundreds of hours this whole franchise is one of my favorites
76561198199021970,Recommended,325610,28653035,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Lazy Thug,"My Brother's wife was causing issues in the army, so I had my son murder her. 10/10"
76561198119692299,Not Recommended,325610,16741440,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,DON MAGA,This game is once again just like Rome II broken for Mac.
76561198011187317,Not Recommended,325610,16745619,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Ayupbrian,"I ave just tried the free play this weekend, and it is a bit messy, changed so much of the interface from other Total War games I find it difficult to find my way around. And after reading the comments and agreeing with the views on DLC money grabbing sales tecniques I will not be buying any more Total War products until they change their minds on how to leech money out of thier fan based by disabling features on release and then charging for them a month later."
76561198019308844,Recommended,325610,33153705,Posted: 2 July,all,unicorn.dreamer,AMAZING GAME FOR AMAZING STRATEGIES AND TACTICS. you gotta be smart to win what a rewarding game
,Recommended,325610,14609690,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,VineFynn,"This game combines the graphical fidelity and streamlined provinces system with an exciting setting, fully exploiting the Imperial drama of the Late Antiquity as the dying light of the Roman Empire is smashed under the bootheel of barbarian hordes.Start at the top of the food chain as the greatest Empire in history, and watch as your borders and legions deteriorate into anarchy as barbarian hordes and kingdoms swarm across your borders, or slash and burn your way through Europe as the Huns in their 15 minutes of historical fame under the great Attila.As much as this sounds like an advertisement, I cannot stress the amazing execution of this game. With the exception of missing flavour text, I can't find any outstanding issues, excepting the occasional non-reproducable CTD. Creative Assembly have really out-done themselves here- this game really does do Rome: Barbarian Invasion justice, as the great Roman Empire implodes and Europe as we know it today is formed. Unique building chains, a technology tree tailored to your faction, improved campaign and combat AI, unit upgrade systems that demonstrate the post-Marian reforms nicely, as well as unique mechanics such as immigration and corruption that cleanly help emulate the weaknesses of large empires in any period and the difficulties the Romans faced in their dying days.Not only has this game been executed well- it is HARD. Taking control of the Western Empire really feels like a challenge- it leaves you with few options to hold onto your remaining territories, and your starting situation leaves you only with room to decline in power. The technology tree for this faction nicely demonstrates the decline in Roman engineering and culture as Christian principles and architecture prevail in society, whilst not rail-roading you on a path of Christianisation- indeed, in my own campaign, I forsook Christianity and re-established Graeco-Romanism as the state-religion, the revival spurred by my many neo-classical buildings.Anyway, enough of me. I was skeptical of this game at first- Rome had left me cynical. But Creative Assembly has responded beautifully, even compensating users for reused assets from the last game with a reduced release price tag. This is easily one of my best purchases in a long time. Substantially different playstyles for each faction, an interesting setting, politics and combat all combine to make this one of the best Total War games to date."
,Recommended,325610,14526829,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,kEyZ,"bare with me i have a point.. the only total war i've not played is the very first shogan.. i felt rome 2 took a step in the wrong direction for me in terms of making things a bit more quest orrientated and just not as in depth as other games (rome 1, empire) and limiting me to how many armies i could have but i still enjoyed the experience and purchased the dlc. This game is what that should have been, the little tweaks are much better and the AI is much better too. but they are essentilly just tweeks, I can't help feel it's a glorified dlc.. (especially coming out relatively soon after rome 2: sept. 2013).. at this point because the campaign map just doesn't have the grandour as most the other games. so this game for me is deserving of it's extra 5 metapoints over rome 2. But still not the complete total war experience i've been looking for since empire (although i had a few gripes with that) and medievil 2 and the original rome.I'll leave you with one fact.. If you enjoyed Rome 2 you'll enjoy this morein short; no crashes, looks great. Nearly everything since rome 2 has been improved. 8/10. Rome 2: 7/10# and by grandour i think it's not far off the same size as other games but because the factions are so big at the start it just feels small, like a dlc from rome 2, and while i'm on that point, what's with releasing factions as dlc? money grabbing. i loved starting a game in medievil 2 and working my way up the defeat scotland just so i could go them and take over the world again. now i've gotta pay money for some guys i might not even want to go. stop the trend!! give us the full game to start with please"
,Recommended,325610,14530461,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,adamfreemanprice,"A great game and an excellent addition to the Total War series.Difficult and engaging in equal measure, probably something of a baptism by fire for anyone new to the series but likely to be more rewarding the more you play.The return of a (vastly improved, and I say that as someone who loved the older family tree systems in Rome, Barbarian Invasion and Medieval 2) family tree and more numerous personality traits really helps to both create a sense of attachment to the characters and a feeling of narrative.The politics system is good but could maybe do with a little more in terms of hints on how to balance things as this felt a little unlcear to start with (that said I skipped the tutorial and had the Advisor option turned off so maybe this is my own fault :P ). Once you get to grips with it though it is simple to understand and the need to balance the influence of various characters adds another dimension to the game.This might not be a good game if you are looking for instant gratification, it not only rewards attention to detail but tends to punish rushed or badly prepared actions quite harshly.Battles compare favourably to Rome 2 and feel challenging but not frustrating.The game is quite demanding and I suspect if you were using the recommended specs from steam the graphics would look less than impressive, I would recommend having a look at review sites or youtubers and seeing what specs they were using.There a great deal of variety between the factions in terms of the starting positions with everything from small settled tribes, rootless nomads, great empires on the verge of collapse and rising powers with strong starting positions. I also greatly enjoyed Attila's atmosphere; the soundtrack and the overall aesthetic of the game really drew me in."
,Recommended,325610,18002321,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Beanlord,Not you dads total warI wouldn't recomend it as someones first total war game (try something more like shogun 2) but for people who have played the series before its a great game
76561198087617464,Recommended,325610,18008401,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,TheVoiceOfCaliborn,Great game
76561198183068910,Recommended,325610,19398549,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,2fck_aduk,love it
76561197981633113,Recommended,325610,19400221,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Emmanuel de Grouchy,"Just want to give this a quick recommendation and highlight the points players might be interested inPrice / dlc and reletaed criticismUnfortunately sega have decided to include often quite expensive dlc in their strategy games however for me its not something that should put anyone off buying it. The base game offers more than enough content to justify the sale price and the dlc is decent value when bought on sale. Don't worry on this too much even you are undecided, I play without any dlc and the game never compels you to buy it.AISega have steadily improved their AI with each new game in the series, even if some required a lot of patching ( maybe not you Empire ) Attila is a gradual improvement from rome 2 emporer edition. For anyone who hasn't experienced the AI before it works well the vast majority of the time. Its the 1/10 occassions were the it does something really stupid that still detracts from the experience somewhat. Maybe 1/100 it actually does something smart but the main thing is that it presents a realisitc opponent.Bugs, performance and stabliltyI experieinced very few gliches while playing. Apart from some rare pathfinding issues I had no major problems. I had one crash in over 10 hours of gameplay and the save remained fine. Performance was the weakist link for me. Playing with a gtx 660 and i5 3570 k processor, I experienced framerates <20 in campaign map. Optimising the graphics to the quality preset and reducing unit scales to medium fixed this issue however. Battle performance remained fine with large unit scale.Is it fun?If you enjoyed previous total war games than the answer is of course! The new systems, some from the original BI, add much needed depth and complexity. Every decision you make in the campaign map is just that, rather than a tedious process. You spend time thinking about where to best position your army or assessing the trade offs from different buildings and not mindlessly setting up constuction qeues.If you haven't played total war I recommend picking either this or rome 2 when on sale and trying it out. Alternatively try the older rome of medieval 2 games if you don't mind the graphics and increase in AI ""quirks""Finally please try and ignore the negative user reviews that focus only on the dlc!! Judge for yourself whether it is worth it for you or not."
,Recommended,325610,21758495,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Gerge Wahshintin,A nice improvement on Rome II which I really didn't get involved in.Enjoyable if you have the specs to run at a nice frame rate and don't mind getting beaten down by a sometimes overly agressive AI.It kinda feels more like it bridges the gap that Med 2 left in my heart. If only those ♥♥♥♥ing huns would jog on.Most negative reviews are ♥♥♥♥♥y anti dlc ♥♥♥♥bois.Bring on Warhammer!
76561198131524876,Recommended,325610,31626199,Posted: 8 May,all,W1ldF1r3,Great game overallBut i can be quite taxing on a computer so be aware if you do not have a great GPU or CPU you may have issues.But other than that it is great
,Recommended,325610,29126354,Posted: 8 January,all,Reeves,better than rome 2
76561198068571361,Recommended,325610,28220288,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,» M A X «,"""What is best in life ?To crush your enemies, to see them driven before you and to hear the lamentations of their women.""No matter what faction you are, No matter how powerful you are, No matter how large your empire is, The Huns will find you and ravage the very bottom of your souls till only a husk of your former self is left and when they come, oh god you could hide at the very corner of the earth only to be run down by hordes of horsemen and be dragged to the depths of hell by them."
,Recommended,325610,23244004,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Boar,"if I could put a midle thumb I would.Attila is a very fun game, I like playing as Saxons, Picts and Caladonians, The time period and factions is the main reason I like the game so much, I am not a fan of Total War singleplayer so I cannot comment on that (I am still learning how to get gud tactics and learn how the single player works).The thing that annoyed me the most was I had to unisntall steam and loose everything just to play it, Basically I got the game around Christmas time and it worked, I stopped playing total war untill the other day, And Attilla would not load at all, It wouldn't even go to the launcher, So I tried deleting the game and re-installing, That didn't work, I guessed steam was having problems... So I took it to the extreme and deleted steam and everything in it loosing all my game saves and everything. The game finally worked.. So if you have that problem that is the only way I know how to save it (I tried things given by support none of them worked)...But on the Bright side I can now play as Saxons and demolish Frank pre-frog scum.... :D(P.S. Anyone notice Saxons fought the Franks, Saxons went on to become England Franks went on to become France and England fought France alot? spooky...)eh out of 10 would not review again - IGN"
76561197978412393,Recommended,325610,23273149,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Irish Republican,this is the best game  i can an have played it for hours
,Recommended,325610,24369378,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Legion XI,it's good
76561198029016060,Recommended,325610,24413719,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,willetman,its good for me
,Recommended,325610,24424372,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Prometheus.Scanvenger,Very very nice game. I am Mongolian. I like it. <3 <3 <3
76561198134311426,Recommended,325610,28306972,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Nick,"Total War: ATTILA is a magnificent strategy game! You need to control your kingdom to fight with enemies, natures, even Gods. There are lot of elements will influence your control, taxes, wars, disease, food, politics......You have to deal with all of them to survive or conquer the world. The game play is cool, you can be the politician and general at same time, and the graphics is awesome, the kingdom system still needs to be completed. I have to say it's a good game for the strategy gamer like me!"
76561198174629138,Recommended,325610,28707363,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,HeartattackGuy,"35 hours..  That's the amount I've time by this point I've put into Attila, in those 35 hours I've played just two of the many factions,  only took but 3 settlements for my own and as of this moment in time not completed a campaign..  So what's it like?Well it's hard on new comers that's for sure, think of it as a civ game but with a whole lot more depth,  and a fantastic battle system where every unit you have on the battlefield has a role and use,  tactics are key but if like me your terrible when it comes to strategic management and thinking you can beat your enemies with POWER!! AKA numbers.There are a few problems with Attila though- The prologue which serves as a tutorial only teaches you the bare minimum needed also it has a tendency to not work as intended towards the end.- The turn clock is soooo slow!  You can make a brew in the time it takes to get to your next turn. Do far I've found no fix-not enough is explained to you,  I have had to research for myself how to play and fix issues within settlements.-For newcomers there's a lot to chew on which can be rather overwhelming,  it took me a months break to get into it,  first time I booted it up I was bewildered to say the least.With these negatives in mind though there is a silver lining...  The community for the Total War games is fantastic and there's always the help you need if you give the energy to search for what you're stuck with.That being said I still don't understand certain things and find myself in the rough after taking over more than one settlement.This really is a fantastic game that just needs a bit of your time. And right now it's on sale..  For 8 bloody quid!! If you like civilization style games at all,  or the idea of building an empire this game will see you right.  If you want to destroy the world..  Same applies.Just remember those hours you sink into this game you'll never get back!"
76561198045760783,Recommended,325610,24067668,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,King of the flamingo,My advice get this game on sale thats the only way i could recommend this game for its price.So it adds a much simpler politcal system then rome 2 in my opinon and they brought back marragie like in shogun 2.But the game seems just lacking in some of the charm of rome 2.
76561198028406909,Recommended,325610,24460208,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Randall,Solid game with plenty of good mods
76561198175880878,Recommended,325610,28297192,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,the sea lemon,"Yes Great game, i wish you didnt have to buy the other campaigns Also, why does it keep crashing"
76561198238709722,Recommended,325610,28301396,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Naturerocks5,"Best Total War so far, definetly a great buy."
76561198097997875,Recommended,325610,28124232,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Expirecl,"...And Saint Attila raised Total War up on high, saying, ""O LORD, bless this Thy video game that with it I may chop my enemies to tiny bits, in Thy mercy."" And the LORD did grin and the people did feast upon the lambs and sloths and carp and anchovies and orangutans and breakfast cereals, and fruit bats and large chu..."
76561198249690924,Not Recommended,325610,22268640,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Fonot,It is not good as expected
76561198079114819,Not Recommended,325610,28112477,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,PumbaPlays,"I feel like AI ALWAYS attacks during fog and rain, which is just stupid."
76561198029350810,Recommended,325610,27783476,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Nathan,I've changed my mind about this game. The politics. The tribes. It's a great game.
,Recommended,325610,28114342,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,xXmush,"Got game shortly after release, was not impressed. Swiftly refunded.Re-bought 2 days ago, and like many of the recent toal wars, massivley improved after updates. If your a fan of the meaty style Rome 1 and Medieval 2, your going to like Attila."
76561198336785554,Not Recommended,325610,35223428,Posted: 26 September,all,Azha,60 heavy spearman can hold out 370 heavy infantry nuff said ...
,Recommended,325610,34790002,Posted: 7 September,all,Swe,"Despite not displacing Shogun 2 as the best total war game in my books, Attila combined with its DLC campaigns is really good to the point of competing with the original Rome and Medieval 2.Something that really stood out to me was the entire Medieval 2 vibe that emerge when you start the game. Like Medieval 2 there's an army walking past in the background on the main menu. Age of Charlemagne further hammers this point in to the point I think it's safe to say this is as close to a Medieval 3 we'll get until the official Medieval 3 is released.Now, the game has some very serious optimisation issues. I have a fairly beefy computer but the framerate grinds to a halt when more then 2-3k troops participate in a battle. There are also a problem where unit animations become choppy with too many troops on the screen at the same time.The battles though are excellent with many small touches here and there that brings the battlefield to life. Like the peasants walking about that really doesn't add anything but still is a really nice touch.The campaign though is where the largest changes have taken place. Some factions start as hordes or can form hordes when chased out of their last province. The hordes wander around looting and raiding in the search for a new and safe homeland. This essentially cuts out what could be tedious campaign gameplay and letting the players focus entirely on the series trademark battles. On the negative side I still can't get behind every army needing a general or the province system. I think Shogun 2 had it perfectly nailed down and Rome 2 tore it all to shreds and for whatever reason Attila has to repeat many of the same mistakes.Another thing I can't get behind is the skill trees of agents and generals. It doesn't lead me to remember their names and characteristics the way the original Rome did. Agents also feel more useless then ever and I can't recall myself ever thinking that I need anything other then priests to keep the ludicrous barbarian late game public order issues in check.At least they brought the family tree back. Good on you CA.It's a mixed package. I'd still say this is a must have TW title very well on par with Medieval 2."
76561198005966934,Not Recommended,325610,21325136,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,seiglegar,"I know i'm only two hours in, but so far the game has done nothing but take me on an infuriating walking tour of all the faults common to the rest of the total war games. i enter battles with more than TWICE the number of troops, and decisively loose if i auto resolve, but playing the battle results in a painful, narrow victory with more than three times the losses of the enemy, mostly caused by units simply IGNORING orders or enemy units pulling impossible feats such as holding when surrounded by three times their number or infantry outrunning horses. and it only gets worse on the strategic map AI units moving far faster/further than like units of my own, replenishing faster than i can keep up with, and omnisciently attacking any vulnerability, even when doing so makes absolutely no tactical sense, just to strip me of resources."
76561197977753381,Not Recommended,325610,32204689,Posted: 5 June,all,Yargh,Beware campaign breaking bugs that never got fixed.
,Not Recommended,325610,21626883,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Silly Goku (Roy),"13 hours, most of which afk, and I already don't feel like going back >..>GG"
,Recommended,325610,22872557,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Timmystwin,"Better than Rome 2 IMO. Looks pretty cool, and plays quite well too. Game is as you would expect a total war really. Except its optimisation, whilst Rome II is fine, this barely hits 40 for me in battle with a 970. (Overclocked fx6300 may be the culprit of that however.)My main 3 complaints are: ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ai. This is compensated for, in the case of the huns, by giving them many many death stacks of vastly powerful units right next to your cities. They become near impossible to stop, without greatly superior numbers. They're just OP.Fertility. It's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, the climate change mechanic is cool and all but it's so much stronger than it needs to be. I suggest fixing with mods. It's quite vital. (Especially if you're a desert empire: food becomes impossible to get.)DLC. Far too much, some of these factions are barely different and should be in base game. Age of Charlemagne is good, Last roman is, and Empires of sand is alright. The rest aren't worth picking up unless its a sale."
,Recommended,325610,22924073,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Scrappy,Great game but unoptimised as a mofukka.
76561198050861058,Not Recommended,325610,14953907,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,lolsgan,I love Total war games. BUT i don't love This DLC marketing scheme. Dont abuse your fans.
76561198044784559,Not Recommended,325610,21221351,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Call Me Killary,Glitches out before startup over a year after release.
76561197968201669,Not Recommended,325610,15269969,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,PepePucker,"I you want armies where 70% of them are women, then go ahead and buy"
,Recommended,325610,16539055,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Allies212,"What Rome 2 should have been. I am having a good time playing it and there are not many bugs ,at least that I am aware of. The only problem like the other Total wars before it are the DLCs."
76561198039879350,Not Recommended,325610,16959986,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,rcsaint,Still cant get it to work:(
,Not Recommended,325610,21401929,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Nicht Nein Kein,"This game has terrible performance, it feels very laggy. After playing it for 30 mins I immediately requested a refund but to make things even worse it has stuck in the background and increased my playing time over 3 hours which prevented me from getting a refund. I do not recommend buying this game until they fix the performance issues."
,Recommended,325610,16766480,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Basket of Warm Kittens ◕‿◕,"Got a whole lot better with the patches. Make sure to get the ""no razing except nomads"" modNow probably one of the better Vanilla experiencesThe graphics and physics are leagues better than Rome 2"
76561197964042804,Not Recommended,325610,16914410,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Aust Ferocious,"I feel like the Total War games have just gotten worse after Rome.  The combat interface is clunky, units will be completely annihilating enemies then flee.  The trees make visibility horrible.  Computers will constantly use AI magic to gank your settlements since you can't garrison units anymore, which makes 0 sense.  If Warhammer Total War is like this, I will stop purchasing any future titles from them.  I wasted all my money.  I'm sick of every settlement constantly crying, I want to focus on war, and fight wars.  I don't care about running every single detail of a stupid settlement.  Diplomatic crap has never interested me in the slightest, and there should be options like most strategy games have where you can disable annoying crap you don't like.  I don't ever want to deal with internal politics, ever.  I don't care if my citizens are unhappy. I don't want anything standing in the way of making armies and conquering enemies."
76561198039066430,Recommended,325610,17068542,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,matthew.s.collom,"If you love the TW series, then this is another worthy installment.That said, the vanilla version of the game is frought with unit stat mismatches and results is very unsatisfying battle gameplay. Once modded appropriately to balance battlefield performance, the game becomes one of the most enjoyable in the series."
76561198027715984,Not Recommended,325610,17533567,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Ruiqicn,"I've been a Total War fan since Shogun 2, and was even okay with Rome 2 after its been patched to a playable level, but Attila is truly bad. I Played a long time but its usually just starting the game over and overUnits are hard to control as hell and the stats are very unclear, and it pisses me off every time My Tier 2 Spearmen and skirmishers gets destroyed by pikemen and war hounds even though My unit stats are far stronger. I've lost more units to Pikemen even if I have a band of spearmen attacking from the rear, and somehow My band of Tier 2 spearmen can loose half its soldier against a direct attack from warhound when its in defensive formation. If it was Pikemen loosing against warhound then it would make sense because they are way to short to be hit by the pikes, but its stupid when any Axemen, Spearmen, or Swordsmen (which in this game whats the point when theres Axemen?) looses half of the soldiers to 40 freaking dogs.The game also leaves little strategy as the enemy has the strategy of charge you down with twice the soldiers you have.The basic summary of the game is a game of stacking units and auto solve, to be honest, at this point, I'd rather play civilization instead.Then lets not forget the day one DLC. It would make sense to have DLC if you implimented new stuff later on but the they sell DLC on the first day and the DLC simly unlock factions that already exists in the game; basicly, we payed full price for the game but then we had to buy the DLC so that the game is actually a complete game. ARE YOU FREAKING SERIOUS?!"
76561198006637216,Not Recommended,325610,18945661,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Rafeism,"Poorly Optimized. Single CPU core optmized, still, in 2015!? i7 6700k 2x GTX980's 16gb DDR4 and running on an SSD, and at the ""recommended"" settings of ""extreme"", gets 10 to 15 fps in the heat of battle. Obviously can turn it down, good gains at medium/high, but where is the fun in that? By itself its forgiveable, but every single TW game since empire seems to poorly optimized, and ripe with bugs.enjoyed the religion and marriage pieces brought back from TW Medival days. love the roman dlc expansion. however don't like the new per region building management systems, politics are still useless, annoying and forgetable.Hard core TW fan, but feeling burned by another poorly made title, and months and months after release, and STILL wreaks of Poor performance and CTD's. Rome 2 wasn't a great game for me until 9 months in, now I love it. CA needs to actually finish the game and fix the bugs and issues before quickly releasing the next broken installment."
76561198145609281,Not Recommended,325610,15386698,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,gunningrichard98,THE LOADING SCREEN EITHER TAKES FOREVER OR THE JUST KEEPS CRASH ON ME................I'M AT A LOSSI COULD PLAY THE ROME AND SHOGUN FINE BUT I CAN'T EVEN FINISH A CAMPAIGN IN THIS.............COULD ANYPOSSIBL EXPLAIN THE REASONING BEHIND THIS?
76561198021639503,Not Recommended,325610,21134304,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Von Ding,"This is the worst total war ever, so slow, so frustrating, shi*e"
76561198186519478,Not Recommended,325610,18207416,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,DeadFox,dlc failBooooooooo!
76561198084107455,Not Recommended,325610,20175040,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,TagMyBat,I haven't got much gametime but after trying and trying to play it i just can't even with mods i don't know why i would ever play another total war game when i have  shogun 2 which for me is easily the best gameGood things about attila:-The factions that can migrate like the huns change the gameplay in a very interesting way and a new way.-Good Graphics-The fire mechanic is very interesting in how it effects battles-Family tree is backBad things about attila:-Gameplay gets boring and is never satisfying-Suffers from the same combat system as rome 2 and empire 2 (atleast it feels like it does)-Only a small amount of factions-I don't like some of the new additions to the map like sanitation-AI has mental issues- More DLC Really..........-Music and sounds are dreadful
76561198011749525,Not Recommended,325610,18847090,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,CL4P-TR4P,"I'm a huge total war fan, i've got / played all of the games they brought out.First off; I DO RECOMMEND THIS GAME, if you do not already own Total war; Rome 2.If you already got that game, i strongly reccomend not buying this one as well.Here's why;1. its pretty much the same campaign map as Rome 2. (Provinces, cities etc are in the same locations, same names)2. it continues were rome 2 stopped, so its pretty much the same period of time. this means, almost the same units, architecture, siege engines, cities, building types, army/general/research system.3. all in all it should have been an expantion pack to rome 2 as Fall of the samurai was to Shogun 2.Fall of the samurai expantion brought more new content to the game actually than Atilla would have added to Rome 2, should it have been an expantion.4. naval battles still... not so great.In my opinion (even as a total war fan) i do not think Atilla brings enough new content to be worth full price.Whats new in Atilla (versus rome 2)-the ability to completely raze settelments - next to occupy, loot, or subjugate/liberate-Family tree in the politics tab. altho it does not have a big impact on the game or gameplay, its interesting to see your '' family line'' and to try and make sure it does not end timely.-together with the option to raze settlements, you can also chose to start a new settlement in a province that has been razed. ( so no, you cannot chose to just start a village somewere on the map, only rebuild a destroyed one. so, why would you destroy it in the first place lol? )-You can become a horde, and abandon all your settlements, and owned territory. Migrate to an abandoned or razed piece of land elsewere. this also means you dont lose when you lost all your settlements, so long as you still have an army fielded.-Sanitation: Next to food surplus, and population happyness, you also have to keep an eye on the sanitation of a town. if the squalor (pollution) exeeds the sanitation, you have an increasing chance of decease outbreaks in your settlements.Food stores, Wells, and bathouses are examples of buildings that affect this.- a few new units, altho alot of them are almost the same as Rome 2 units.END CONCLUSION:- I would rate this game 8,5 on its own. its a good game, looks pretty, great gameplay, Nothing bad to say about the game on its own. I would reccomend it to people that do not have Rome 2 .- If you do have Rome 2, this game adds little more. And i'd say its not worth buying a completely new game at full price for just a few more options and pixels in a game thats 85% the same."
,Not Recommended,325610,17062071,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Brandonian,Too much DLC that should have been in the game when it came out...
,Not Recommended,325610,15015491,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,King Kurto [CFC],"Wow just wow This has been out for what a month or two and already has three, eight dollor DLC. The game is poorly optimized and I just cant Belive the crap CA is pulling with this Title, I wanted to like it I really did but I just cant with the Horse♥♥♥♥♥♥they call DLC. How bought Including the blood and gore for once and not make us pay for it all in all this is just a shame. This will stay A none recomended and will not be changed and im scared of what will be the next Total war."
76561198009173518,Recommended,325610,18081715,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Something completely different,"While I agree CA's dlc policy is rubbish and needs to change (Or I will simply wait for a -50% offer and buy the game then along with the DLC's like I did with Attila) I am going to focus on the game.I feel that Attila is what Rome 2 should have been. Fun to play. Where I felt in Rome 2 that if you played one nation you pretty much played them all I feel quite differant here. There is so much variation between factions!Hordes are wholly differant from the static Roman empires and the Sassanids or a smaller tribe are wholly differant again. With one faction you need to hold your ground and dig in, with others you need to expand and grab what you can.Tech trees and general/governor and agent skill trees are quite varied as well which adds even more replay value and variation. The family tree and the politics it brings really made me enjoy the backstabbing political game where I disliked the lack of it in Rome2 intensly. A huge improvement.The only thing I really dislike is the decreasing fertility but there are mods to remove that.My advice: Wait for a sale and grab this game! Once CA stops peddling DLC's for things the main game should have included (all faction packs and blood) then buy games for the full price again.Edit: After playing empires of the Sand I feel that is a DLC as it should be so that one can be excluded from the list of faction DLC's that should be in the main game."
76561198012736280,Not Recommended,325610,19651303,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Billy The Kidd,If you are a fan of Total War... These games have been slowly going down hill and not even the dlc can make it better
76561198008947571,Recommended,325610,18072799,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Baalhamon,"The game is fun, like any total war game.If you're a strategy game fan, you can hardly miss getting this one.The support from devs and community for total war games(patches and mods) is one of the best in the whole world !!"
76561198073073601,Not Recommended,325610,19650953,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,The Nordic Squirrel,dont bother
76561197975265015,Not Recommended,325610,21176807,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Mr.Cong,"I got this in the sales, as ive been told its pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥But first when I loaded it up and saw all the diffrent eras I was really amazed! Intill I saw the ♥♥♥♥ing ""Purchase"" option...WTF!!!!!! What is going on with this bloody franchise now?!"
76561198161535186,Recommended,325610,16770233,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Avi-Because Im BADMAN!-,It is very nice game but its overprice..
76561198015735861,Not Recommended,325610,29023892,Posted: 4 January,all,Swifty,"Can't recommend this game.Love the period, like everything about it, but it is unplayably hard to win.  32 hours in, I have yet to make it past about 10 turns.  Set to easy, playing an easy faction that is.You can edge your way forward saving and reloading and trying to find the right path forwrd, but that isn't any fun.If you try and do anything you will face:1: an overwhelming enemy alliance with military units upgraded to a level you will not get to for 30 turns.2: no money to do anything.3. Your cities, paticularly any you capture revolting and spawning a larger force than defended it in the first place.The tutorial is useless, the manual worse.I just think the developers cashed in on the Total war name, recycled 90% of the Rome II Code, and didn't even try to make the game playable.  I haven't bought the warhammer game because Iam done with this franchise and I will never ever buy anything from this company again.Avoid this like you would a rabid dog."
76561198007275305,Not Recommended,325610,15499690,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,フィーダの王ビング峰,Total War : DLC more like it
76561198006576467,Recommended,325610,14664726,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Ogima,I can't believe CA! They told us there was going to be a update Thursday 2/26 along with Longbeards Culture Pack and now they pushed it back until March 5 with no warning! I am really upset about how CA is not communication properly to their fanbase. So DISAPPOINTING!
,Recommended,325610,14768773,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Strange Johnson,"It makes me sad to see this game getting a lot of downvotes and whatnot from the DLC alone. Gameplay wise, it's the best Total War to date, no doubt. Everything that you've wanted is there, and improved. Unit variation is there and it's awesome. This is what Rome 2 should've been. The diplomacy is amazing, the campaign and battle AI has been improved to the point where you actually have strategy, and  the different ways to win are great fun. Have hardly been able to put it down, and I've been playing since M1:TW. Bad DLC practices aside, this is the successor to Rome we've all be waiting for. I recommend it all the way."
,Recommended,325610,14635111,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,KitrXn,"This game is good for campaign i guess.Now, let me introduce you to some of the ridiculous things they HAVE to sort out if multiplayer is going to be balanced.-Cavalry has to be easier to dis engage from another cav unit (at the moment you have to spam them at least 4 times to withdraw, and then most of them die trying to withdraw). at the moment it basically just means whoever has the better spearmen/inf spam around cav will kill the others cav, there is no enjoyable micro like there was in m2tw.-Cavalry is too easy to kill when chargingsome cav have armour by the way, and they just get destroyed straight up. no risky charges anymore for me.-Shock cav has little/no use. shock cav charge once. if the enemy is foolish enough to leave a unit of melee inf/archers behind, then great, mow them down. cavalry- you charge them in the side, and they get caught up in a messy brawl and are ♥♥♥♥ing impossible to disengage, so they just get destroyed. whats the point? there is almost none.-Tagmata cav needs to be nerfed immediately, ERE are horrendously overpowered, huns are underpowered and various units such as thracian oathsworns and chosen units are overpowered when used well.-Archers are terrible, they need to have a huge buff. shooting 20 units of germanic elite archers at one unit of roman armoured inf (hercules something) in testudo. used all ammo, thats going to be a lot of arrows, guess how many kills? NONE. yes historically archers wouldnt have done much damage but there are holes in sheild walls, not every single part of a man is armoured and there are gaps for eyes etc.-They NEED to buff units like palantina. elite units absolutely wreck the units which are still decent infantry, but cannot match more elite units. like they dont put up a fight. they kill about 4 and rout. noble germanic swordsmen have decent stats, even when upgraded, they get absolutely shredded like a russian in ww2. it is a complete joke. you are forced to use the most elite infantry, once again, ERE will win on that front too.-The units are too hard to click on in game, i am constantly missing units and its really annoying, the little squares are too small and you cannot drag an area to select all of the time, sometimes it doesnt work.-One last thing is the game itself. In multiplayer battles there are a lot of glitches, with people getting booted from the lobby for no reason, the game slowing down when someone has a♥♥♥♥♥♥internet/computer, it goes to very slow speeds and makes a game unenjoyable. i dont think ive played a siege yet at a proper speed. my game has crashed quite a lot also.This game has a fun multiplayer, don't get me wrong, but i just cannot see the replayability for it because it is not based on skill, more on army compositions and i fear ERE is going to be very overused.Buy it for campaign and casual multiplayer, it excels there. serious MP players, go get m2tw, its the best total war there is, this game has nothing on M2TW."
,Recommended,325610,14520628,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Wiley Weavile,"MIGRATING BARBYS TAKING ALL MY♥♥♥♥♥♥FAMILY TREE COMPRISED OF INBRED MORONS.GETTIN' BOINKED BY HUNS.EVERYTHING IS ON FIRE.I ALREADY MISS MY SPARTANS.Looking forward to dem mods, community. I won't be satisfied until I can clog my rosters full like an overblown artery!"
76561198021224433,Recommended,325610,17996307,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,reborn,"Please don't let the mixed reviews stop you from purchasing this gem of a strategy game. The balance is solid, the mechanics are well implemented and the gameplay is genuinly fun. Yes, Rome II had its hiccups but this is not Rome II this is Attila. CA has released a very well made strategy game that when the ""gamer rage"" hate for them has ended, Attila will be recognized as a classic strategy game on par with Shogun TW.And as for those worried that DLC is necessary to have a good time with this, I've played over 100 hrs without dlc. To me that seems like a good value.If you think I am just now joining the TW party, I've been playing it since the Shogun. Which if I remember right also had DLC, not day one granted, but had it nonetheless.This is my edit:To all the people dumping on this game because DLC, please grow up. Rate the game not the way CA does business."
76561198007203505,Recommended,325610,18007974,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,ZodiyaK,"Turn based game on the main map. Battles are real-time. Large battles, city building, and diplomacy are the three main focuses of Total War franchise. Religion, trade, and culture are also in there as well. Not to mention agents.Lots of different fations to play as, all very different from each other, such as Celts, eastern empires, Romans, Germanic peoples and more. Each culture has a large variety of units that set if apart from the others. One of my favorite things about this game is how each faction is so unique, most of them having vastly different play styles depending on what units they can recruit and what faction traits they have.Map is enormous, from Spain to modern day Afghanistan and England to North Africa.City building is fun, you have to plan strategically how you are building each city, because if you have a plan you can make cities focus on certain aspects like industy, trade hub, military center, things like that. You must balance out food, public order, and squalor at the same time to maintain cities.Game is bit complex, but if you are a little patient you can learn it in a resonable amount of time, especially if you watch youtube videos. Its not nearly as complex as Crusader Kings 2, and slightly less complex than Civilization games. I like this game far more than both of those.Not much bad I can say about this game bc I like it so much, but I will say this game takes a long time to play. One campaign can run you easily over 200 hours if you see it through to the end, and thats just one campaign. There are roughly a dozen factions that come with the base game, plus 9 or 10 more with the DLCs, so if you do multiple campaigns you can put some serious time into this game. There is also multiplayer.Game looks great too, on campaign map and in battles. Gotta have a decent pc though.Great game. Certainly one the best grand strategy games out there. Overall 8.5/10"
,Recommended,325610,14519976,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Yuet@SWTOR,"I feel like the new family tree alone has made this a totally new game from Rome 2. I spend as much time on the family tree  sorting through political movements as much as on the campaign map. If you learn the politics it opens up a whole new side to the game. Loving the battles too, personally playing viking factions right now and they feel very different from rome 2 northern factions"
,Recommended,325610,14524158,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,SycB,"Attila is remarkably better than Rome II. The bugs are minimal and none that I personally have experienced, and the game play is smooth. The Game runs quite well with the battle load times being a little long though, that is likely caused by my computer rather than the game itself. The map diversity is good but not as great as expected. The Fire Spreading system is a big over powered in my opinion, though I must admit it is quite nice. The start positions for the nations are hordes are all interesting and offer a good opportunity for large range of options. The battles are interesting and the units are much more dependant on local superiority and quality rather than simply throwing them at one another.Now onto the bad. The Unit Rosters are thin, and the units themselves are quite bland. No more professional Legions for either the WRE (Wetern Roman Empire) or the ERE (Eastern Roman Empire) which is quite sad. Honestly they look like hired barbarians clad in chainmail with rough shields rather than professional soldiers, which I guess to a degree is accurate for the time period but those beautiful Legions will be missed. Though I believe the modding community will fix these lacking points in time. Over all the game to me has many possibilities and I look forward to the community expanind the Game like in Rome II.Worth every penny I spent."
,Recommended,325610,34681006,Posted: 2 September,all,Liot,Great game overallGood +GraphicsVarietySieges battle etcBad -Poor AIDoesent run goodLong loading times beetween savefiles battles etcFinal Verdict 8/10
76561198012692223,Recommended,325610,14531733,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,davidcommons,"only 6 hours into Attila and a few things hit you early on, firstly depth, there's layer upon layer of detail and strategy to this edition of TW.All the usual aspects are there the research, city building, armys, deplomacy etc etc but all of these are given extra depth when you add in the people and power struggles within your faction they develop personallities like never before, a general thats your strongest asset can soon become someone to undermine to retain control.graphically the game is much better, the terrain is detailed and a pleasure to look at, the new styled menu's can be a bit confusing early on but worth sticking with till you can find everything you need.the battles are epic with the added detail and sounds.one one gripe and its been there for a few TW versions, troop movement.. (especially noticed once fighting inside a cities walls), a hoard of Hun barbarians given a movement order will still form up into napoleonic style columbs etc to march off..that's the only bit of poor scripting IMO.A must buy for any TW or Strategy fan, the depth and variety of strategies is going to keep you hooked for months if not years of reply value."
76561198009854160,Not Recommended,325610,16744784,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,vrblasasn,"It's better than Rome 2 but only just!  The voice acting was the absolute worst, it was so bad I exited to the desktop mid battle.  I always played as Rome in Rome 2, and some of the audio for the Roman units was bad.  I played as the saxtons in this campaign, what happend to when the units you clicked on responded with one of three simple things ""Sir"", ""General"", ""imperator""?   Now I know that medieval 2 used the same campaign and battle map, but everything else was new.  This feels like an exspansion for Rome 2, and after you buy all the DLC and micro campaigns ""which should be included in the first place"" you're going to pay over $100.  Why not try and redeme themselves and do a medieval 3 and, or just call this a Rome 2 expansion and put all of the content they took out in, and sell it like that.  Either way I'm done with this fanchise! I'm going to play RTW, that's when Creative Assembly actually cared about their fans!  Oh and Warhamer total war? ♥♥♥♥ YOU!"
76561198004341383,Recommended,325610,16714908,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Entos1,"Before I start this review I will say that I do have the dlc for Atilla and that my experience with the game may differ from those who play the vanilla game. Also that I got the dlc on sale so it wasn't as much of an issue for me as it is for some other people who have problems with the culture packs.The Vanilla Game.Atilla at its core is a good game. There are countless new systems in place to help streamline and clean up some systems in Rome 2. The new technology system and naval battels are both improvements that I prefer much over the Rome 2 counter parts. The new horde mechanic is insanely fun. Being able to liberate the roman emprie and just be the biggest pest to them while trying to figure out where to eventually settle down was the most novel experience i have had in the series in years. The game is also more challenging than Rome 2. The slow desolation of europe and the coming of the Huns was hard to react to my first few games as I was trying to use my old insticts as a total war player. I know that many people do not like change and that many still look at medieval 2 as the best total war installment in the series and that it has been a slow decline since then. I disagree, I think total war is taking steps in new directions and is not afraid to take risks and reinvent sytems at the risk of upsetting their fans in order to make a better game ultimately. Atilla is in my opinion a great new entry into the series bringing back family trees and keeping the event systems from Rome. The added slow story telling mechanics of the campaign through the invasion of the huns and the almost unending winter added more challenges to an already assymetrical and challenging title. If for the only the base game I say Atilla is worth a buy especially if you can get it on sale because why not save your money :).DLCNow I love the viking DLC It adds new factions that make conquering the vulnerable europe an entirely diferent experience especially since they get bonuses to winter conditions. The DLC culture packs add a lot of options to an already amazing game and are not necessary to enjoy Attilla but if you want a little extra oomf to your game the dlc made by creative assembly are always detailed and add hours of gameplay to an already vast choice of factions and decisions. Once again if you can get them on sale I would buy them. I dont know if I would recomend getting them without research though. There is no use purchasing factions you can't see yourself playing as. I love total war and bought all of them on sale but I do heavily recomend doing your research before just buying every culture pack. Buy the ones you think you would really enjoy because creative assemply dlcs are meant to add more playability and should be purchased to play more factions the way you want to play your game.Final Verdict.If you like Total war it is definatly a game to add to your collection and if you have been on the fence about Atilla and have Rome 2 I think its time to move onto the Fall of the Roman Empire and have new exeriences. It is a great game and if you put aside all the arguments of dlc at launch and a few fan disagreements with the way the mechanics have changed Its a damn fun game. Isn't that what games are suppossed to be about being fun and allowing to experience new things. Attilla is a blast and a great new installment to an amazing series of games."
76561198026367539,Not Recommended,325610,16746559,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Hexagoros,"Non-Sensical, Non-Historical unit progression.  For example, Limitani 'transform' into Comitatenses, meaning over time you simply -lose access- to almost all basic troop types. making for a very limited selection of troops later on.Horrendous 'gamey' gimmicks, such as Atilla being a timed ""Swarm"" event that happens on a timer.  Magic ships that appear out of nowhere to transport your armies making entire oceans nothing more than something that looks pretty on the map.A far cry from CA's golden age."
76561197970263100,Recommended,325610,34686085,Posted: 2 September,all,Game_is_Hard,If you really like horses and horse accesories and the pox this is the total war for you
76561198072311469,Recommended,325610,19707293,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Blacktiger64,it may have alot of dlc and i dont agree with the blood dlc but this game is way better hten rome 2 well in my opion
76561198092883938,Recommended,325610,15748574,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Kylesp,I enjoyed this game but I feel that I must say that with this game they seem to be getting greedier and greedier.
76561198053513795,Not Recommended,325610,15083353,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Princess Anne Hatless,Sega and CA just stop.Please?Pretty please?no...Ok then so you just release this very competent and extremely playable game THEN RUIN IT WITH RELEASING 4 DLC WORTH HALF AS MUCH AS THE GAME A MONTH AFTER RELEASE WITH DAY ONE DLC??? WHAT THE HELLS THE MATTER WITH YOU???!!! HAVE YOU FORGOTTEN ABOUT THE DAYS OF MEDIEVAL 2? Because I havent that game was actually good and instead of PAYING FOR FACTIONS you simpily had to conquor them and then they would be available to play. AND THE BLOOD AND BURNING DLC? WHAT THE HELL IS THAT ABOUT? THAT SHOULD BE AN OPTION NOT A $3 DLC AND A HALF ARSED ONE AT THAT. Total war has come sooooo far from Shogun and i dont want to see the series ruined by a bunch of INCOMPETENT ♥♥♥♥♥ DRIVING THE ONCE GLORIUS FRANCHISE INTO ITS OWN DARKAGE. to conclude: im not saying Attila is bad the game is fantastic (campaign is exelent multiplayer is just a cav spam cluster*****) and way more challenging than Rome im just saying THAT THESE♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥AT SEGA AND CA ARE GOING TO RUIN THE FRANCHISE THAT WE ALL LOVE WITH THESE STUPID CASH GRAB DLC'S AND THE REDUCED QUALITY OF GAMES. Im just glad the family tree feature from the old games wasnt a DLC like I predicted.
,Recommended,325610,15516468,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,No_Gs 2nd Anniversary,"This game is great.  I really love Total war Rome and Total War Empire, so I wish it had followed their styles, but I can get used the Shogun-like style eventually."
76561197965240134,Recommended,325610,23376477,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,zzwang,"I thouroughly enjoyed total war attila. There are several mechanism that have been deployed in this game.Horde mechanismSome factions own no territoty : they are called hordes factions. Playing a horde is a cat and mouse game. Some time you are the mouse and some time the cat. An horde can be easily crushed if left alone. Thereforce, you have to planned ahead. I usually send my spies ahead to spot enemy armies. My heroes also protects my hordes from ennemy agents. I like also sadistic pleasure you take when razing a province. Early game you don't earn a lot of money. So you really have to decide how what to build.  Horde armies as any armies gain tradition. As you do a lot of fight with hordes you will have lot of tradition: you army will move faster, grow faster lower enemy moral ... You have also a feeling of freedom with hordes. You don't have to defend territories. You go wherver you want and terrorize whoever you want. It's a great experience.DiplomacyDiplomacy has been extended compared to rome total war. You have a trend to know if will increase or decrease. You can really play a diplomacy game where you support your allies. As allies territories count in victory condition, you can win without owning much by using smart alliances.Playing the roman empireMy first game was with the roman empire. First thirty-fourty turns are of humiliciation. You cannot win and have to decide where to hold ground and develop your economy. You sufer so much from start game than it's really a huge pleasure later on to crush the armies which have humiliated you and restore roman empire. A new mechanism named immigration adds to the difficulty. Whenever a province is sacked or razed, people flee to other neighbouring provinces. It adds public order penalty. It kicks in around turn thirty when you have stabilized your border. So after attacks from everywhere you have instability whitin your own empire. Every turn from turn 1, you have that feeling : I cannot hold.The officesFamily tree is back and politics has been enhanced. You can assign an office to the different member of state. It's important as some office may really help to manage a town or an armee. You have to pay attention to loyalty of the different people. Stricter control of country leads to better incomes and a malus to public order. Loose control means less income and a bonus to public order. You have to equilabrate your power based on your income and level of public order."
76561198030312479,Not Recommended,325610,15277991,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Ａｔｏｍｊｏｇｇｅｌｉ,Not as good as previous ones. I don't get it why you can't build a military barrack by the beginning of the game and recruit those troops you want. Instead of this you have to recruit those troops you developed without any military boot camp - WTF.- Atomjoggeli
,Recommended,325610,26559094,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,[LSSAH] XMetal,"A barbarous twist on Rome II, with a handful of fixes."
76561198007377487,Recommended,325610,22844834,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Forcemonkey,"I had a hard time getting used to playing with Hun horde. I think it's me, mostly. So I played as Eastern Rome and was able to get a good game going. But it's HARD!! LOL I'm surviving (that's the goal of this particular campaign...survive) and having  alot of fun so far. I do like the refinements since Rome 2. The diplomacy actually works logically, which is a nice surprise. AI seems to not have to look up the word ""tactics"" in the dictionary! At least not on the strategy map...have not played too many tactical land/sea battles to say.I like how you can snap to a character from the family tree. That's very handy.Great game, but not for the faint of heart."
76561198119645798,Recommended,325610,21353780,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Kingslayer585858,The that I hate about the bad reviews is that people rage about the dlcs. When you can just get oringnal game itself I recomend you to get this game but dont buy the dlcs becuase CA just wants your money the dlcs arent worth it but the game is. So just ignore those annoying coments about the dlcs when the game its self is better then the dlcs so please use your brains.
76561198038553604,Not Recommended,325610,18142114,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Kleos,"Been loyal TW series fan since shogun. Played all of them, till today still playing medieval 2. Pre-ordered Rome 2 which kind of proved a disappointment. Still pre-ordered Attila with the hope of redemption. The all dlc thing has become too much to ignore. They have cut the game in so many pieces it is ridiculous. As a completionist this would have not bothered me that much if we were talking about a new skin but we are talking about playable factions in a strategy game. If you want to play as epirus you need the Greek culture pack(fortunately this was in the pre-order pack), if you need to play as scythian you need the nomadic culture pack and so forth. The vanilla troop variety is limited.The same practice is now applied to AttilaTW, and it is shameless.Game-play is mediocre at best, some new concept introduced do not make sense.If you want to experience the game in its full potential, wait for the GOTY version but only if is on sale at least 50%."
,Not Recommended,325610,28453906,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Tity Boy,AI ruins the game
,Recommended,325610,19645260,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,[BSG] M. Lynx,Reading through reviews im seeing lots of negative reviews from people with like 20hrs play time...clearly haven't even completed a campaign or had any attempt at the end game play style. I myself enjoy Attila's play style if you do not enjoy Barbarian play styles then you best stick with TWR2 as even the roman factions on Attila are heavily Barbarian causing them to be much more aggresive play style wise than there Roman ancestors in TWR2 who mastered the art of Formations and Counter Attacks using the enemies own charge against them. I have played around 800hrs in total although i know my current steam account says otherwise and have played to end game with almost all the main facions at one point or another. Coming from someone who owns all the DLC if you enjoy a game enough i dont mind paying small amounts to expand it just bare in mind people that SEGA are the ones who charge for DLC so dont go bashing CA's great work. If you're NOT a big TW franchise fan then i suggest you play TWR2 instead as this game tends to bring much more of a challenge end game than there other titles which is why the Easy-Normal campaign players hate it haha. Hope this review helps anyone who is looking for actual relevent details on the title rather than DLC bashing or noobs with 20hrs who cry after being stomped. 5/7
,Not Recommended,325610,21092040,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Jack Knecht,DLC simulator 2015. They cut up what content that shouldve been in the original game into several DLC to leech more money from buyers. ive been a fan of the total war franchise for a while and loved Shogun 2 but this is just shameful.
76561198058084237,Not Recommended,325610,17114085,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,leP00nSlayer69,dont buy this ever its garbage
,Recommended,325610,15021831,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,python ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,Good game! +Rep <3
76561198121643283,Recommended,325610,16702779,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Vultureca,"Installed total war: ATILLAstarted campaignlooks like a potato because of my bad hardware11/10 would play again.Great game, it really is."
76561198006796765,Not Recommended,325610,16447817,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Amigo,"Good game, but I would not recommend buying it if you already have Rome 2."
76561198007163831,Not Recommended,325610,17373415,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,matthewh1984,Not a fan. Probably my least favorite Total War of all time. Maybe it's the time period. I have owned and loved all of the total war games with the exception of Shogun 1(Never owned or played). I even prefer Napoleon: Total War to this... Yea I know. Something about this game has a tired feel to it. I can replay most of the other total war games so it is not a wanning interest in this type of game. After a week of playing I was already searching google for the next total war game :/They need to stop beating around the bush and delve into WWI and WWII. I know the battle mechanics will be brand new and difficult to implement but I think that innovation is exactly what this series needs and Warhammer Total War does not excite a player like me who loves the historical aspects of the series.
,Recommended,325610,22932641,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,i am a retard dont mind me,"In my opinion,Total War: ATTILAis a great game.Once you get used to it and its mechanics its awesome.I can't recommend it to new players of theTotal Warseries.One of the best starter-Total Wars is probably Rome II.If you are thinking about joining the Total War community because of the upcoming release ofTotal War: Warhammer, definitely pickRome II and Attilaup if you are enjoying Warhammer."
76561198330467241,Recommended,325610,31985807,Posted: 26 May,all,SIR.Keaton,It's pretty cool!
,Recommended,325610,34014879,Posted: 4 August,all,jOrA,"Most of Total War games are generic and don't offer much new and this is one of them so I am going to compare it with other Total War games.Firstly positives, this game has some unique mechanics which are quite interesting. Previously once you lose every city the game is over here, however, if you have any units left (army) you become a horde essentially a government without any cities. Secondly, once you've captured the city you can completely destroy it (raze) which means if you find a razed city you can settle there. At the start of the campaign, there are some blank spots on the map so you can conquer new provinces without invading a foreign country. Also, there are lots of nation which have different difficulties to play, so this game can provide potentially hundreds of hours of gameplay as each campaign takes around10-15 hoursto complete.Now it's time to talk about negatives. The biggest one I found is horrible starting menu. Actually even before that game has a launcher which is insanely small and cramped. Main menu buttons are small and located on the side so I didn't like that either. Finally, you can't upgrade units often which is a small negative but still. They gain upgraded equipment and exp like in 'Total War: Rome' thought.You should get this game over others if you like the time of the ancient Rome, but played or didn't like 'Total War: Rome', otherwise, I think it's better to get other Total War games."
,Recommended,325610,20709018,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,The Silent Voice,"This game has beautiful music, it inspires and is right in the theme.The gameplay is hard. This is really for veteran total war players. I have still not been able to build an empire, but I finally figured out how to survive at least. Finally a strategy game that is not so obvious straight foward but really a challenge.It has a lot of options, it takes a while to figure them all out."
76561198038611783,Recommended,325610,30630805,Posted: 20 March,all,icantbelieve789,I absolutely love the Total War series.
,Not Recommended,325610,16745207,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Edlichbury,"I tried it over the free weekend, and despite logging a considerable time in I could not recommend. The factions are very shoddily implemented, to the point where a great deal of the factions border on unplayable for a great deal of time. The great factional diversity and ability to pick up and play as nearly any faction in Rome 2 has been replaced with a few good factions and many that simply will never survive the early stages. I would question the logic of any Grand Campaign in which merely surviving the first ten turns is considered a mark of success, and not something that should be accomplished with relative ease. Stick with older titles, especially as this one has fallen victim to the Brown = Real school of graphical design and what should look like a polished, expansive map looks like drab fields that need some serious lighting changes."
76561198013785343,Not Recommended,325610,14615761,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Wozatron,"Game Crashes after a few minutes game play, restarts my computer(Late 2014 iMac 5K)"
76561198044812761,Recommended,325610,14610797,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Jinx,"Total War Attila has now become one of my top TW games.The new features they have added to the game has brought in a whole new array of tactics. The AI has been updated to the point where they may surprise you.They have indeed captured a sense of doom on the map, the change in weather the demise of Rome and the mounted Devils that are coming from the east. The fear is there.From playing Rome 1 and 2, building my Roman empire to seeing it pulled apart by hordes is pretty sad!Total War Attila is a great great addition to the Total War series and I am very happy with what I paid I look forward to updates and DLCs!Rome 2 was just bad, there are many other words that I could use but censorship and all. But Attila has redeemed Total War CA and Sega.They are still drip feeding us the DLCs but what more do you expect from Sega?Playing as the Huns and just erasing cities from the world map or subjugating other factions is just so much fun. Trying to hold Rome together is a big challenge, and playing as one of the other factions can be a lot of fun, fighting other factions for Romes decaying cities is just great funGive this game ago."
76561198099244824,Recommended,325610,20914982,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,James Arlwind,"Yet another example of Steam needing to introduce a ""Meh"" option (I'm starting to get a bit tired of putting that!) Attila only just gets my recommendation. Let's go into why shall we.Pros- Sieges now have deployable barricades that can make all the differnece when outnumbered 10:1- Boats now leave after landing troops so all naval units can be deployed- Great, never-before-seen factions allowing for dozens of potential strategies- Even larger scale battles than usual- It's TW, it's awesome just by being that.Cons- Soooooo much DLC!! Ok the new Campaigns should be DLC but the factions?? Why are so many factions (not that there are that many even with the DLC) NOT included in the base game? What, did you release it too early or something? 'Cause that's your own damn fault, don't come running to us asking for more money because YOU didn't finish making the game before you released it!! If you didn't release it too early then: why?? Just why?- No idea why but the cavalry in this one SUCKS! I mean, they maintain their strategic advantage but why are the so much worse than they were in EVERY OTHER TW EVER! For one who relies almost entirely on Cavalry Archers, this is the worst thing ever! They're not as fast and not as strong. (But much larger units)- So few playable factions. Enough to make it interesting but not enough to make it into the Pros.All in all a good game but not up to the TW standards I've come to expect and love. I personally would say bottom 3 TW games but still an amazing game in all.If you can think of any other pros or cons that aren't mentioned here, please don't hesitate to message me and I'll update every time."
76561198007330992,Recommended,325610,14514207,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,=CB= Dan Hagman,"So far it is very much ROME II and as with all new Total War-Installments it'll take time tae adjust yersel tae the game mechanics once again... Maybe it's just me but I dinnae need that micro-management with appointing governors, I was fine the way it was handled, but that's probably just me.. So far, nae crashes which is always a good sign, I suppose... especially when ye compare this game with its predecessor^^..."
,Recommended,325610,14517356,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Holcroft,"This review was a launch day review.tl;dr - It's worth the money.+ Improved army mechanics are great+ Performance is as good as Rome II (Patch 16)+ Family tree+ Politics improvements are great+ Battles feel good, units feel balanced (For a CA game)+ Horde mechanic- Crashes occasionally on the 'End Turn' phase- The time period isn't as interesting as Rome II imo- The building icons are sometimes hard to distinguishThat's about it."
,Recommended,325610,14521657,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Fromage Baguette,A total war with some CKII mechanics in politics = 10/10.So in the futur medieval i think it will be a 15/10 or 16/10.
,Not Recommended,325610,16955580,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Polecat,"It is a game you have to buy DLC to have fun in the game. :(Other total war games have been fun to play, but not this one.Some of the mods won't work for the game."
76561197964617794,Not Recommended,325610,28621701,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,IngloriousNuke,"Its pretty much Rome Total War 2 re-branded with different factions. This game was a cheap SEGA money-grab, every TW game after MTW 2 is a downgrade, asking for a refund for this varnished POS so I can buy MTW2."
,Recommended,325610,23262385,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Official Morata,"Overall Rating: 9/10Performance Level: 9.5/10I quite enjoy playing Unfortified Town Assaults, This game is amazing with all is abilities, and the workshop is filled with content. Graphics are wonderful and I hope another edition of Attila comes soon within the future. Runs great on both of my PC's including my 950m laptop. The game is quite lacking without the DLC's, but they can be picked up from numerous sales around♥♥♥♥♥ or HumbleBundle.The game has great animations, and this is a great game for multiplayer, and campaigns are good, but very long, and usually cannot be finished within one sitting."
,Recommended,325610,22812318,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,†† Varyn Khatar ††,This should of Been rome 2 total War... and not Attila Total War.But overall Great game.... Wrong factions.
,Not Recommended,325610,28730410,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Yukii,This game runs like total♥♥♥♥♥and it doesn't even look that good either to cause such demanding frame rate issues. It's a shame because under the hood this looks like a worthy total war game that people have been wanting for so long but the terrible frame rates and performance problems makes it unplayable.
,Not Recommended,325610,28113516,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,-=TIO=-Gand,Not Medieval 3
,Recommended,325610,27662002,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TheBriar,this game has everything you would want from a total war game.-great units-family tree-decent diplomatic system-and most importantly a good combat system(mass routes etc.)the biggest downside however is that it has 8 dlc's some of wich contain things that should have just been in the game from day 1.
76561198059353225,Recommended,325610,22799283,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Methodius,Best total war game yet.
,Not Recommended,325610,22313265,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,David,"THERE WAS A DESYNC IN THE GAME, EXITING...THERE WAS A DESYNC IN THE GAME, EXITING...THERE WAS A DESYNC IN THE GAME, EXITING...THERE WAS A DESYNC IN THE GAME, EXITING...THERE WAS A DESYNC IN THE GAME, EXITING...THERE WAS A DESYNC IN THE GAME, EXITING...THERE WAS A DESYNC IN THE GAME, EXITING...THERE WAS A DESYNC IN THE GAME, EXITING...Great game"
,Recommended,325610,14532338,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,lceFly,"Really great game, far better than Rome II's launch. The whole mood is way different, which I think is the biggest improvement for me over Rome II.  In Rome it felt like each battle was meaningless; you were probably going to win, and even if you didn't, the only consequence was losing out on some meaningless conquest in the corner of the world.In Attila, it is entirely different. Playing as the Eastern Romans, if you do not meet the enemy in the field and win, the barbarians will raze and pillage your cities. You are not fighting for glory, you are fighting for survival. I get nervous for each outnumbered battle I fight, because I know that if I lose, I am opening up my heartland to irrevirsible destruction.So far the only bugs I have experienced involve pathfinding issues, which occurred when a fortress spawned on a slope, and despite the walls being buried underground, I could still not send units over them. However, this seems like a minor issue to me.On the optimization side, I have experienced no problems whatsoever with my year-old graphics card. I'm pretty sure that all the people complaining about crashes/low framerates are too ignorant to update their drivers, so... sucks to them?All and all a great game, and a worthy contender for being my favorite Total War game yet!"
76561198083565767,Not Recommended,325610,20509836,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Terraxx,"Got to stop supporting micro transactions guys. Paying for cultures that should be in game anyhow. Its a despicable cash grab. The game play in this doesnt hold a candle to shogun 2, which i believe to be CA piece de resistance."
76561198009557637,Not Recommended,325610,18598886,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Kajimoto-san,I have put far more hours into many of the older titles in the Total War franchise and feel that Attila simply did not live up to their example.
76561198105815465,Not Recommended,325610,19255193,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,SpookyTurtle,"Laziest game ever created. Utterly pathetic. You're playing againt idiotic AI whose only concern is burning settlements to the ground, no rival empires to do battle with, no AI expanded against the map to compete with, just AIs burning down settlements to make a quick 600 gold.Reasons this game is NOT WORTH your money:1. Horride AI2. DLC simulation 2015. You have to pay more money for a ""blood & gore"" DLC pack. That's right, you have to PAY MORE for units to die realistically on the battlefield.3.♥♥♥♥♥♥range of factions to select from. So many of them have idiotic faction traits that make it impossible to build an empire with. Several factions that start as migrating hordes recieve moronic religious penetalies. The Visigoths start in Greece, I marched them down to Egypt where I stared my empire. I was receiving a -40, YES A -40 penality for religious differences. ♥♥♥♥ing stupendeous.4. Very little faction variation. If you buy a DLC, the units arent different, they're just in a different starting area with a different faction name, basically same units.5. Some factions arent allowed the basic top tier units? Half of the playable factions cannot build large artillery pieces? Shouldn't all factions be allowed artillery?6. WINTER. I completely understand historical accuracy and wanting to make the game resemble the actual timeline. But holy christ, snow will become your arch nemesis. I probably lost more men to ♥♥♥♥ing snow than actual battles. Even if you're taking a stroll through your territory with max upgraded/improved roads, you'll lose a decent chunk of your army. It's not regular snow attrition, its snow attrition on steroids. Once you start getting into the game, the winter season gets more and more brutal. Soon snow lasts through fall-spring in some areas, so you can only move without attrition in summer. GG.7. Not at your pace. You're basically on a timetable. You get a mission update every 20ish years. Maybe I just wanna do what I want the whole time? Did you consider that?8. Simply uncomprensible terms of victory. I CONQUERED THE ENTIRE MAP AND I DIDNT WIN THE GAME. The terms of victory are laughable. You have to do all these pointless and mondane tasks to win the game. I conquered the entire map with the Sassanids. I rebuilt every single town that was burnt down by retard AIs, and I didnt win the campaign. Are you kidding/TL;DR DO NOT BUY THIS GAME."
,Not Recommended,325610,27575033,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MagicMushroom,"A worse Rome reskinIf you already own Rome II then this game adds little and it basically represents all the things CA forgot to implement into Rome II such as the family treePros-Horde and Nomad system is cool-Music is great-Voice acting amazingCons-Even though it looks exactly the same as Rome II it runs like Steven Hawkin in the 100m sprint, at worst on Rome i got 40fps on this it never goes above 30-God awful untit selection, about 14 differnt units 10 of which are common to all factions-Exactly the same animations as Rome II, no new ones-Historical setting is just boring compared to the likes of Ancient Rome, Medieval Europe, Colonial and Napoleonic Era or Fuedal Japan (my opinion)Granted i haven't played this long but the whole time i did i just though i could be playing Rome II, a much better though not the Best Total War. Im only glad Attila cost me £7 do not paying the non sale price  it is not worth it."
,Recommended,325610,21277751,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Karlyto,"Attila is set on the destruction of the western roman empire,when the barbarians just attacked rome from all of it's fronts.The game is really atmospheric,when you play as west rome you really get the presure from all sides,you have to take many loses playing as them.I mostly played as barbarians and I can say that roman AI is really weak,so it's really easy to take them out,but when the Huns arrives then the real party starts,because they have like 8+ stacks of horsemen just destroying your armies and small villages.The end game is really hard,but the start and mid-game is quite easy for barbarians(for romans is like the other way around).The game is poorly optimised and you will surtenly have lag on extreme settings.But overall the game is really good(atleast the campaign),but the multiplayer is dead and unbalanced."
,Not Recommended,325610,18108373,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,TheMaster1,"Do not buy.  I have played Rome total war II and this one, and after buying this game im still playing rome total war II...1) Theres something in the interface and of the war map that is not the same as in rome total war, making it feel different and not as appealing.2) Too many DLC's. Give them a lesson not to sell 50% of the game at full price and then give tons of DLC's out."
,Not Recommended,325610,19571900,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Centine,"A much more coherent and stable than Rome 2. The addition of horde mechanics is fairly well done, and there are a lot of smaller additions that make it less of a grind.It is, however, still a grind. A campaign easily takes 100 hours to complete, many of which will be spend on micromanaging hopeless sieges against your smaller cities that you will have to do manually. There is an autoresolve which typically will cause less than 5% casualties to the enemy, while you may achieve 40-100% easily fighting the battle yourself. When you are fighting a scorched-earth war, as you'll often have to do as a non-horde faction in Attila, then autoresolve is rarely useful in the early to middle game.As very typical with CA games, the game has a lot of bugs too. My campaign game ended with a fizzle, a game-breaking crash bug, right when you win the game. Feels rather flat after taking the Eastern Roman Empire through decades of endless war."
,Recommended,325610,14637295,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Shadowrabbit,"One of the best Total War releases to date. Completely new concept to faction management with the new migration/horde system. Its no longer western style armies verse eastern style armies. Now we have horde armies. Also great improvement to the family and political system. There are now a lot of options and the player is given greater control over individual characters and how they can interact with each other.There are some balancing issues and including upkeep cost for mid to late tier units that make the campaign more difficult, but these are easily fixed with mod and future patches. The overall integrity of the game is fantastic. The only problem that I have experienced is a small lag that happens very rarely at the start or end of a turn where the colors on the screen get dull and the image freezes for about 5 seconds. I have 32 hours played and I've experience this lag about 6 times. So not too often.Fantastic game. Can't recommend enough. Its going to get even better as CA patches and works on balancing a few units. If the price of the DLC's bug you, wait until there is a steam sale. Until then there are many amazing factions to play."
76561198032943837,Not Recommended,325610,14639366,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,michcarr,"Day 1 DLC, day...365 patch to fix the problems with the game?"
76561198025932661,Recommended,325610,14795098,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,lajkep.k,"Pros1) Gameplay much more difficult and immersive than possibly any other Total War game.2) The UI changes were done, I think remarkably well3) The overall immersion, the fire, the devastation, everything comming crumbling down, is fascinating.4) Western Roman Empire campaign - nuff said5) Commendable effort on historical settlements - they are both useful in the game, and historically accurate.6) Unlike Rome 2, where heavy infantery ruled, here every type of the unit is usefull and often unit that on paper is the weakest will prove to be the most useful to you.7) Few games can cause such frustration as well as such sattisfaction.8) Concerns largely unexplored period of history.9) More challenging AICons1) Horrific DLC practice. (This point alone is almost sufficient to  turn this review into negative) Suffice to say that I urge you not to buy any DLC.2) AI cheats, it sustains armies it cannot sustain, it has settlements that would be starving and it seems to know exactly behind which tree is your army hiding.3) There is no point in fighting Huns, if you destroy one of their armies, they will get another, new, fresh and very likely stronger, if you hold any settlements in eastern Europe, it is furthermore likely, that this ""new army"" will appear behind your lines and start attacking inmediatly).4) There are way to few units for each faction (Don't you dare utter the word DLC)5) The game needs some tweaking with food, public order, sannitation, and immigration (impossible to manage, boost to income, which drastically reduces your public order), unfortunately it seems we cannot expect these tweaks from CA.Notes to the CA1) Stop releasing those DLC's, even if it would mean making the full game £15 more expensive.2) Please release the full map tools for modders. (In fact, let this be stated: If you release them, I will buy all your bul***t Dlc's for this game)"
76561198015784810,Not Recommended,325610,29471583,Posted: 24 January,all,Laurent Lhr,"In fact, I'm very perplexed... I've all Total war's games. But, ATTILA and Warhamer are the two games which I can't play...The game begin and even in easier mode, IA who manage my cities rebels to me. Yet I build all the building for good mood. As soon as I win 3 cities, rebels destroy my own army and I lost the party... IA has a very large mouvment that I can't continue to fight it... I don't have this probelms with any other Total War's games. It's very damage because ATTILA could be a very good game.(I'm french and my english is very... bad)"
,Not Recommended,325610,18274306,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Locutus of Borg,"allrite people: u can see i have played well over enough hours to make a judgement call:VANNILLA attila is terriable. Agent spam, Hordes just wondering through raiding all the time... CAN NOT KILL BARBARIANS without them turning into hordes themself... can not win till a certain time frame is reached...but the worse thing? THE DREARY SETTING (and frame lag)Ok, the graphic pallet is enough to make you go emo and run to teh nearest blue banna and grow a fringe.dark... brown.... its deppressing. I get it its the dark ages tralalalala...but it effects you!MODS help this game A LOT but not enough if you ask me. ROme 2 has better frame rates, better graphics, more engaging civs... NO F***ING hordes, and music score is alot better.Seriously. LEave this game if you have it installed. Remove it from libary. get rome 2, play it, love it. Atilla? You can suck it. Never played a game like this: it has more downs then ups....As i say: mods help, but when the core game is ****ed there is no real reason to keep going.Score rating?Graphics 3/10 (to dreary)Gameplay 3/10 (hordes and barbarians turning to hordes... GAH) And armys moving though terriatory like its nothing...Sounds 8/10 There fine, most stock from rome 2, some new, cant really complainreplayablitly 10/10 (if you are emo and love being rampaged every turn)multiplayer 2/10 Lack of players, and those that do play its cav/shock inf spam everyday. no variation on this themeSingleplayer 1/10.Ive played enough hours to make this a though judgement. Save money/time/sanity, and play rome 2. Much better seriously... Games seem to devolve at this point :/ i dont hold high hopes for warhammer"
76561198065186325,Recommended,325610,22804074,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Sgt. Lillard,"Total War:  Attila is the latest installment in Creative Assembly's long line of historical Total War games, and it is a true gem.  With all new mechanics, a larger campaign map, and a new time period, Attila picks up right where Rome 2 left off.  If there was one thing to complain about, it's that Rome 2 should have been this all along, or that Attila really feels more like a very large standalone expansion to Rome 2.  Anyway, on to the good!The game picks up at 395 A.D.  Rome has been divided into the Eastern Roman Empire and the Western Roman Empire, respectively, and the Huns have begun their slow migration west.  Throughout the entire campaign there is this shadow of the impending apocalypse, with events popping up tying themselves to Attila's birth and adulthood.  The mood is fantastic.  It really works to set a tone that the people of this time period really thought the world was beginning to end, and it does so incredibly well.  New mechanics even tie into this, like settlement destruction.  When besieging or being beseiged, buildings can take damage, even catch on fire that will spread throughout the city.  The effect is awesome, it makes sieges play so much better, and it looks incredible.  Provinces now have fertility ratings that effect how much food is produced, with settlements that have previously been razed offering lower levels of fertility, making it that much more important for you to protect what's your's.Speaking of which, razing is another new mechanic brought into the fold.  Settlements can now be burnt to the ground, either by the controller or by the attacker.  This mechanic is great.  Horde armies will typically burn your cities to the ground, depriving you of their resources and weakening your burgeoning empire.  They can be resettled at exhorbant costs, though they will not be nearly as fertile as they once were.  Hordes are yet another new mechanic.  Many factions have the ability to just pick up their armies and turn them into mobile cities, allowing for them to move around the campaign map to where they are best suited.  This is another well done mechanic, allowing for factions like the Huns to really hit you by surprise when they want to because you can't always accurately know where they are concentrated.Religious choice is something else that Attila brings to the table.  Now your faction has a spot in the UI detailing what percentage of your people are what religion.  Should a religion grow enough within your faction, you can actually change it to become your faction's new state religion, with each religion offering their own set of positives and negatives (watch out Christians, you will take serious negative modifiers when facing the Huns).  The family tree is also back, and it is surely welcome.  Tied in with it are new governmental offices of which you can place members of your family and statesmen into for different bonuses, but you have to watch out for the balance of power within your faction.  While complicated, it is much easier to grasp than Rome 2's political system and actually has effects on what's going on, rather than seeming like nothing more than a waste of time.Speaking of Rome 2, many of that game's mechanics have been refined in Attila.  Stances now do as advertised, units actually follow orders that are given to them, and shield walls now actually protect the unit from missile damage taken from the front and left where the shield is held.  Units still blob up when attacking, but it isn't as bad as it was in Rome 2.  However, units still break formation whenever ordered to attack, requiring the player to do silly things such as tell the unit to walk through the enemy.The factions also offer a wide variety of diversity not just in their units, but also how they play.  Play as the Saxons or the Franks and you're in for your typical Total War experience, start with a settlement and expand.  Play as the Visigoths or the Huns and you're now a horde army, settlements mean little to you when each army is it's own contained settlement.  Play as either Roman empire and right at the get go almost half of the map is your's, but watch as it falls from a poor economy,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and starving citizens, and multiple attacks from almost every other faction and you're just trying to survive.  Not to mention that the Hunnic hordes are gathering in the east...With their sights set on Rome.Now I know that I've given this game plenty of praise compared to my Rome 2 review, but that is because this is a well polished jewel of a title...However, there's always bad.  The biggest complaint that I have about this game is that it is everything Rome 2 should have been.  Had CA put the time and attention to detail into Rome 2 that they did Attila then there would have been no need for this game to come out.  And really when playing it it just feels like a really big expansion to Rome 2.Now, it would be unfair to judge Attila based on what Rome 2 didn't do right, so my biggest complaint is the freaking pay wall that CA put up on half(!) of the factions.  Within weeks of this game releasing there were numerous DLC faction packs that came out, prompting one to ask why CA had to release them as paid-for DLC when they were most likely finished along with the main title?  Now, I'm not against DLC, I understand that it is a necessary evil in today's gaming world, but to have half of your available factions as DLC is more than a little extreme.  At least it's not as bad as Rome 2, which had just as many faction packs as well as additional unit packs for sale.When all is said and done, Attila stands alone as a fantastic example of what a Total War game could be if given the proper amount of love, devotion, and attention that CA has seen fit to provide it with.  Though it is a lesser known time period (the dark ages, afterall) than their other games, mechanically it is by far the best Total War to date.  I highly recommend this game to anyone who is even slightly interested in the Total War series, and I believe that if you can get past the dark ages time period, you will fall in love with this game as I have.8/10"
,Not Recommended,325610,15275568,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Ph.G.,"TL;DR:  A stable and functioning Total War release with extremely solid gameplay in real-time battles, BUT a horribly thought-out slew of campaign mechanics that seems determined to make it extremely hard to experience those battles and a terrible DLC business model earns this title a solid ""DO NOT BUY AT FULL PRICE"" designation.  If you're going to purchase this game, I highly recommend waiting for a sale *and* good mod releases.Read on for the nitty gritty:This latest Total War release was certainly more stable and playable than Rome 2, with interesting units and well-rounded battle mechanics.However, it is plagued with major problems.  Primarily, the pacing is absolutely abysmal.  There are Let's Plays of this title on Youtube where the players go *multiple episodes* without a single battle.  In one particularly egregious case, a series I watched had *4 continuous hours of footage* without a single notable engagement.  This is not a fluke - this is because of the way the game is designed.  That's right, awesome real-time battles in a game that makes them frustratingly rare.Without the fantastic, large-scale real-time battles between thousands of soldiers, this game turns into a much less feature-diverse version of Civilization.Additionally the DLC is very overpriced and offers very little unique content.  The ""culture packs"" mostly use units identical to those already in use by core factions.  Deceptively, you are paying for 3 to 6 new units to play with for 8 dollars per ""culture pack"" and that's very little potential for new gameplay.  The blood and gore DLC is extremely underwhelming, and even modded it still doesn't impact the visuals anywhere near as much as the Rome 2 equivalent did.By far the worst issue with this title is that a huge plethora of mechanics contribute to poor pacing.  It is a complex issue and was not carefully evaluated by the developers.  The vast majority of fights you engage in will be auto-resolve and you will pass dozens of turns looking for a fight while your generals twiddle their thumbs and turn to alcoholism or degeneracy.Here are some of the reasons for ""poor pacing"":1.  Like Rome 2, your army count is artifically hard-capped by the ""Imperium"" mechanic.  Each army *must* have a general, unlike Total War releases prior to Rome 2.  Without a single doubt, this is my least favorite contrivance of any Total War release I've ever played.2.  Units tend to have very expensive upkeeps.  Researches that improve your basic units also make them more expensive to train and to maintain.  Once you've researched a unit upgrade, the lower-tech version can no longer be built.  Say goodbye to cheap armies.3.  Researches and building construction are very time-intensive and often very expensive, taking dozens of turns to complete for higher tier structures.4.  Public order management is absolutely a nightmare.  The potential sources of negative public-order far outweigh your sources of potential bonuses.  Many public order management mechanics are opaque or not well explained.  Bonuses to public order comes from buildings, garrisoned forces/generals, governors, and researches - so both #1, #2, and #3 all combine to make this one hell of pacing issue.  This could be easily resolved if it were possible for someone to make a mod allowing armies to exist independent of generals or an army cap, but *that's hard coded into the game*.5.  AI opponents on the campaign map exist somewhere on a spectrum between passive and cowardly.  Armies will always dance away from combat and repeatedly retreat too far for you to pursue and engage.  Even relatively even engagements will result in an AI retreat.  The AI seems to do everything it can to avoid a fight. The empire-management mechanics are such a convoluted morass that the devs gave the AI what is effectively a money-cheat, so you see factions do things like holding their capital as their only territory with 5 full armies sailing back and forth aimlessly or sitting idle.The result:""Let's make a game called Total War and focus every major mechanic on preventing the player from waging Total War.  YEAH!""For having such a great real-time battle system, this game seems determined to prevent you from enjoying it.While much of this might sound like difficulty-whining, it is not - none of these things are *hard* to deal with.  You can get rich.  You can get big.  The process is going to be extremely slow-going, and the whole time you're dealing with these constraints you will have few opportunities to enjoy the acclaimed real-time strategy elements this series is famous for.  It's not hard - it's slow.  And boring.I really, really, really want to like this game.  As it is, I wish I'd waited until it went on sale.  For now, I am waiting for a competent modder to recognize all of the factors that drastically bog-down the campaign gameplay and tweak them properly without going too far and breaking them or messing with the stuff the game already does well.If I were going to try to fix this gameplay, here's where I would start:1.  Allow armies with no generals - but a significant morale penalty in battle if they aren't defending a city.  Yay, now your generals can be more than glorified babysitters getting drunk and siring illegitimate children 24/7!  No more worrying about map-hacking AI magically butt-humping your freshly undefended frontier cities the second you actually try to leave your walls and play the game.2.  Halve completion times for all structures and researches.3.  Tweak public order penalties from one or more sources - immigration and religious tension being primary culprits.4.  Get rid of Civil Wars.  What a ridiculously un-fun mechanic.5.  Remove army caps entirely.  What the hell were they for in the first place?  Preventing the player from having fun, I guess.  Historically nonsense as well.  ""Hey, Viking Warlord - sorry, you can only have 5 armies even though you sleep every night on a mountain of gold because you don't have any room left in the treasury.  Go conquer this arbitrary number of settlements and we'll let you make a 6th!  OH, nevermind that you have twice that number of settlements to defend and the Africans are psychic and will attack the second you try to go conquer that city.  Do it anyway.""  Please.6.  Surgically install testicles on all of the AI leaders.  I didn't know the ancient world was ruled by eunuchs and cowards.  Maybe fighting unfavorable battles is unwise, but the AI running away from 90% of fights ISN'T FUN.  More aggression.  More fights.  Less prancing back and force and magical map-hack backstabs.Mods fix some of these issues.  Some mods exacerbate some of these issues.  Some of these issues are un-fixable because they are *hard coded*, like armies requiring generals.  Finding the right combination of tweaks to properly address these issues and assemble something resembling a *game that rationally emphasizes its strengths as a title* has proven to be a challenge to me and I've yet to find the right mix.Maybe some day, someone will help this game meet its full potential.  As it is, this is actually TOTAL Clicking-Next-Turn Rebellion-Whackamole WAR"
,Not Recommended,325610,22291419,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Jonathan777,i will never buy off steam again or from ca sega i buy a game and pay for 3 dlc and i can not use it and can not get my money back or if i try i lose 18 pound anyway with dlc and trying to talk to the total war support is a joke so as far as i am conserned that is theft    STEAM + CA + SEGA  STEAL FROM PEOPLE IN MORE WAYS THAN 1
,Recommended,325610,22748536,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,canibutter,"this isnt a review so ima just check yes, but i think it would be kewl if you made a total war  game based around the ottoman empire, idk if its a good idea but it would be kewl"
76561198091427960,Recommended,325610,14752960,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Blitzwaffen-IV,"Game was hard to get used too, but Battles are unmatched in reality, love total war i think they did gread minus the lack of playible factions and unit verities, but the game is Great siege battles and nothing short of an exciteing extasty."
76561197984780958,Not Recommended,325610,16972271,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Noizer,Poorly optimised piece of sh*t
76561198022966899,Recommended,325610,14766070,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,{33rd}Nightfall,"(TLDR:The game is pretty good, vast improivement over AI. Rember, CA and Sega are both companies, and Sega especcialy has to make profit for it to be able to continue producing the game)Sigh, this game. This is.....decent. A vast improvment over the dissapiontment that was Rome2. Sadly this games quality is being overshadow by the people's rage over DLC's. To their rage I woiuld say this, what right do we have to judge them? We have no idea on wether or not the factions made in DLC where part of the game from the start or not. As for the day one DLC, well, I'm not a fan of the strategy, but I understand it, and its not like you can't be competitive without that DLC, you just don't have quite as much diversity.The AI, oh CA, will they ever perfect it? Hopefully, did they this time? No. Is it improved though? Yes, the AI understand the fundementals of strategy, grand and on a battlefield, and it can succesfully pathfind through cities.Ahhh, and fore those people calling it an unstable bug rittled piece of trash, I would like to share my own day one experience. I had only one bug, through the course of 5 battles, and that was with a tooltip not going away during the army setup, wich promptly whent away when the battle loaded. After that I have expiernced only minor graphical bugs, and the game has not crashed on me once. This is merely my experience, but I'm not alone in having experienced a fairly bug free gaming experience.Lastly I would like to highlight my favorite improvent, origional concept, and the thing I wish was in it the most that was in past TW titles.Improvement: The UI, thank god! Whenever I played Rome2 I felt cluasterphobic due to all the screens, pop-ups, and other such things cluttering up my screen. And don't get me started on those unit cards! In Attila the UI has been downaized, streamlined, andmade to take up as little space as possible while still giving you an adequite amount of information. From the unit info pop -up to the unit cards, everything gives you important general, and specific information.Origional Concept: So you know those pesky pathfinding problems and bare bones derectional orders? Well no more! Custom pathways have been made, by holding shift+RMB you can draw a custom path, this is essential for people using cavalrly, and really lets you set up a battle and have multiple things happening at once.I want it back!: Chat, chat, chat. I have always disliked the new chat system of Rome2, and they didn't change it. While not a game breaker, communication is important, I remembver in Napoleon how I would have great conversationjs with people, ranging from tactics, to how long it would take a chicken to fly accross the world! In Attila you don't get that, nor can you easily acces the Team chat function, wich used to be a clickable tab, that wwas very easy and simple to understand. I want it back CA, please, for me? ;_;So yes, do buy this gae, only $45 USD, definitly worth it if you enjoy the time period, as with all of the TW games. And please, don't hate the game due to your bitterness over Rome2, the games are seperate, and deserved to be judged as such. Thank you for your time gents."
76561198010934172,Not Recommended,325610,18081944,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,I just wanna be pure,This game might as well be freemium. CA what are u doing? Please dont ruin halo wars 2.
,Not Recommended,325610,19564603,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Mors,"While it's a nice resking of Rome 2, still I didn't enjoy it at all. Going back to Sparta 3:<"
76561198028724347,Not Recommended,325610,17938380,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Fergs,"Too ♥♥♥♥ing Plain.. I use to love Total War.. I remember the original Shogun and how cool and fresh it was. How I was genuinely excited to play. Then years later I found Rome.. WOW, what a great time, and the replayability. Then Medieval came out and I though how Can Total keep coming out with these sweet game.. it just kept getting better and better. Then Napolean and the Shogun 2 and Rome 2 and now this Atilla... It's like YOU GUYS don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥anymore... Like your going to expect us to just keeping eating up the♥♥♥♥♥♥you puke out and perhaps so far you've been right. But now that ends, I will not be buying another Total War game. At least not until you can prove you can produce a half decent game and not regurgitated content."
76561197970004695,Recommended,325610,14594689,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Hovis,"The best Total War so far. A few choice mechanical additions like the migration system and the ability to destroy settlements change the game completely, and very much for the better."
,Recommended,325610,28292558,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,littlemute,"Rome: Barbarian Invasion was my favorite older TW game due to all the chaos and madness that hordes brought to the table.  Atilla has all that in spades.  That said, tt is a very difficult TW game and not for the faint of heart.  When you look at the win conditions and scoff based on plays from other TW games, you will be in for a rude awakening.  There's no food, there's very little money around, hordes can pop up all over the place, and there is climate change that forces you to move south to be able to feed anyone at all.Where in Rome 2, other factions sort of waited around for you to attack, in Atilla, you're constantly worried about what's on parts of the map you can't see: because horrifying things are happeing out there for sure.I've been impressed with the AI in this as well, though this has the Arcade-style combat that they've had since Shogun 2."
,Recommended,325610,22797374,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Obcisor,Played as the WRE and conquered the entire map from the heathen barbarians.10/10 would deus vult again
76561198008712843,Not Recommended,325610,33241586,Posted: 4 July,all,Eljaysh,Came back to TW after a long absense. This is a good episode for the die hard fan but I was reminded why I gave up TW some time ago: the AI can only challenge the player by cheating. It ignores all the conditions set for the player both on the strategic and the battle map. V irritating when the AI army sidesteps the strong army you've put in its way and attacks a recuperating one in your rear area. Or the improbably fast and manouevrable cavalry unit that bypasses a battle line in order to attack a spear unit from the rear.
76561198092853344,Not Recommended,325610,30047842,Posted: 19 February,all,Just a bit of a yarn,"Dissapointing.Rather than the simple fluidity of a previous title like Medieval II's campaign, Atilla feels like an highly overcomplicated, cluster♥♥♥♥ of poorly designed interfaces and plain old horse♥♥♥♥♥♥The combat feels sluggish and tricky with the frustration of managing the♥♥♥♥♥♥poor interface immensly overpowering the sense of enjoyment and accomplishment after a victory on the battlefield. Im not sure who told CA that we wanted Total War to have a crippled, deformed child with the Civilization franchise but the dreadful and pointless tech research element of the game feels as though it was designed by a spastic goldfish. It ads nothing but an irritating inconvenience that hinders your ability to get to the parts of the game which you actually might enjoy. But then again, we will never know if there is any part of the game you might enjoy as the average human usually looses the will to live after an average of 30 minutes of attempting to play an unmodded TW Atilla.In summary: bad game buy Medieval II"
76561198007646642,Not Recommended,325610,14520506,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,rudkin852,"I am just making one point about this game. I have colour deficiency. The markers above the units are causing me a problem the gaudy green of my home side is lighter than the red of the enemy thats OK I can see the difference but when they start to flash I cannot tell which side is which I have to pause and check.The allied side is blue if i could change to that colour for my own side that would solve the problem. I have Rome II Emp I have had no problem with colour there and I love that game.Please let my chose blue for my own side. thank you.Is this the world the trolls would have us live in if they got their way?If Rome2 is a sunny morning at the world cup in Brazil, Atilla is a third division playoff on a muddy afternoon in Belarus in late november.Meanwhile deep down in the CA bunker the Coterie are munching chocolate eclairs and slurping cold coffee over the keyboard. Hettie rushes in ""Vladimir has sent us a crate of""Stolichnaya Elit""says Hettie.""Only one?""says some fat progromer in the backround.""not enough negative reviews""says bossie boobs.""Never mind""says Crispin the Art director ""If we make a mess Medieval 3 he might send us a few tanks for world piece."
76561198036069460,Recommended,325610,15525439,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,lesnyborsuk,"OK, DLC strategy is ridiculous, but to be fair - the game itself is brilliant.I have around 50 hours on the record so far, and I've been playing only with Franks. I want to try Western Roman Empire and Huns later, so I think it will keep me busy for another 100 hours at least.+ Challenging AI+ Heavy climate, feeling of upcoming doom+ Very different faction campaigns+ Great graphics- DLC strategy"
,Not Recommended,325610,23074309,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,bonebags,Unoptimized wank. let's hope warhammer is better in this regard.
76561198064813394,Not Recommended,325610,14717084,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,lamahorses,Open beta for 40 dollas
76561197995220715,Not Recommended,325610,14646379,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,standin.LOL,"This is a worst TOTAL WAR Game I ever played.  Pointless game with many bugs and very bad graphic lags. Avoid like a black plague.Above High difficulty level entire map is razed by 100 hordes within 100 turns . Nobody builts empiers or kindoms - just every one razing it.AI barely resettle . I saw it 2 times....Battles are radiculus. You can easly win 100 vs 10 000 - all you need is to kil gnereal and another 9980 will run away ( SIC ) !Brits, Germans, Vikings and most of hordes have same units ! BUT :  Week after game realase we have new 7.50 eur worth DLC including 21 new units for German hordes.This is unplayable without mods. Ahh I fogot : AI charge spear. I mean it - they use their cavalery to charge spearmans...."
76561198010017907,Recommended,325610,14728067,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Papi,So far my experince with Atilla has been pretty good. It comes to the table with widder horizons in the terms of replayability and play styles and with a reworked campagin system and overall it's just a improvment upon Rome2.
76561198008318511,Recommended,325610,16293890,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Ammianus Marcellinus,This ancient historian likes this game!
76561198115047590,Recommended,325610,14740598,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,briantrueblood,"First thing, I have only been playing the total war franchise since Rome2 and cannot comment anything prior to that.  With that out of the way, I do recommend this game.  When everything was all worked out I really enjoyed ROME 2.  I bought a couple of DLC for it when it was on sale, had a really fun time playing it.  As for Attila, I knew it was going to look a lot like ROME 2.  I waited till people played it on YouTube, saw what I was getting into, and purchased it.  I really enjoy the added features such as the family tree.  The AI is pretty good to the fact that sometimes it does make mistakes when reacting to me, but in a real battle human make mistakes and if an AI was perfect every time it would be a pretty impossible game to enjoy.As for people complaining about this game I do not know why people bothered to purchase the game without doing a little inspection of the game beforehand.  Is it using the same map from ROME 2? yes.  Is the DLC mostly a money grab, sadly that’s the world we live in.  I don’t particularly like it, but there it is.  Wait until all the DLC’s are out and on sell.  If you like ROME 2, you’ll like this game.  And trust me when I say this, it’s A LOT like ROME2.  If you get upset over money grab DLC’s maybe you’ll want to skip it.  I for one have no problem waiting for all of them to come out and getting them on sell for like 10.00$ in the summer.7/10"
76561197995527861,Not Recommended,325610,14683974,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,joeeleonard,"Load time after your turn is TERRIBLE!  I really wish if there was a way to get your money back.  Great game, but it takes up my whole day just waiting for my turn.  I have even started to play an andriod game while waiting."
,Recommended,325610,14665214,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Valkyrie,"Video Reviewhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eICEY5LnQjwAttila is definitely more enjoyable than Rome 2. It's a cleaner, slower more thought game that brings back and improves old features. While nothing big has been added or changed that makes it stand out among the series, it's still very solid. Let's hope DLC does not plague the series."
,Not Recommended,325610,14683547,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,m3ran,nothing new other than the horde system
76561198104776020,Not Recommended,325610,14672089,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,McLovin,"I was a huge fan of Rome Total War II but ATTILA does not even come close. The battle interface is obviously new but it feels off and quite frankly clunky and awkward. The graphics and display quality have significantly droped and while there are cool new maps and new units, im very annoyed and embarassed that I paid $45 for this game when the prequel game was so much more enjoyable. I am speaking from a macbook user so for anyone else out there who uses an apple computer, Do not get this game! Look into Rome Total War II! I want a refund Steam :("
76561198006831500,Not Recommended,325610,14690162,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,KillaMelv,"This game so such an improvment from rome 2. The battles are better the HUD and overall is better, Dont even get me started on the sea battles they are such an improvment!.However, this game is seriously hard even on normal. I have played and clocked every total war game there has been but nerver have I struggled so much early on in game play. I'v played 17 hours and lossed two grand campaigns.On the second go I played saxons and on turn 4 my one and only big army was ambushed by weastern rome and destroyed (2000 men). Then two turns later the franks declare war and turn up at my one and only settelment with TWO full armies. Then from behind me another faction shows up with a full army and attacks the same settelment. This is turn 7!! WTFThe first time I lossed I put it down to not realy understanding the family tree settings but still to be in full scale civil war by turn 10 is stupid especialy when the only way to gain loyalty with other faction members is to spend 20 influence when no one of your family members has 20 influence is mind boggeling to me.I'm not going to say that the game scaling is broken just because I lossed twice in such a short amount of time.However,  If a Total War veteran such as myself can struggle so much so so ealy in the game on normal difficuilty then something must be wrong."
76561198087772642,Recommended,325610,16558301,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Danny'sgreasybody,So i may or may not have commited war crimes....
76561198097884288,Recommended,325610,22763850,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,johnrh90,"I suppose it is time i write a review here.  this is the first game i have decided to review.  after playing this game, every other total war game that i own is a complete cake walk.  this one takes a little longer to get the hang of in my opinion.  at this point i have 112 hours in.  i personally like the desert factions the best.  Garamantia has been my favorite.  they are the only faction i have ""completed"" a campaign with, as in i am the only remaining faction, and have rebuilt all the desolation lol.play this game.  if you like total war, play it.  if you are new to total war, i would recomend Rome 2 or Empire first.  Rome 2 is the easiest one i have played in my opinion.  just buy the spartan pack and win."
,Not Recommended,325610,14801718,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,EKS,"Its a good game, but the turns take so long you have to have a second game to play."
76561197980828827,Recommended,325610,14586295,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,5 Dollar Hooker,"They improved on so many aspects from previous Total War entries. This period of history is one of my least favorite, but the mechanics, battles, strategy, and immersion completely make up for my lack of historical interest.The future is brought for this studio."
76561198007370970,Not Recommended,325610,15162134,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Folgers,"Might be a great game if you actually recieved what you payed for, Total War has decided to charge for most of the factions. More the 50% of the game cost is DLC its infuriating to not recieve the game you payed for. DO NOT BUY THIS OVER PRICED GAME!"
76561198008142715,Recommended,325610,30111680,Posted: 22 February,all,Boudy,It is ok
76561198071813354,Not Recommended,325610,15187883,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Malekith,"In my opinion, Total: War ROME 2 Emperror edition is much better. Why?-More factions (non-Dlc) to use-Units are more diverse- Better optimization (if you have a weak Pc)Atilla offers a better gameplay in terms of AI but it failed to impress me."
76561198189054901,Not Recommended,325610,15153642,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,chris940,"I bought a brand new MacBook Pro with Retina screen. and it loads the games title menu no problem, but when you load a battle the game crashes."
76561198022182244,Recommended,325610,21264839,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Rogred,Really good game to get on a sale.
76561198006824521,Not Recommended,325610,21685870,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,=D= Ancient,"Not worth a buy, rome 2 is better, there is alot more content and variation in rome 2.Has some great mechanics for campaign though but there just isnt enough content  for the factions without going for dlc.A Big But, if you liked rome 2 and you fancy something new then it is worth a buy if you have exausted rome 2 of all its fun."
76561198057228057,Recommended,325610,18573547,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Shadow,git gooder
76561198010996708,Recommended,325610,22629929,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Ping Pong,All total war games are well worth the buy.  Yes buy the game .
,Recommended,325610,32302350,Posted: 9 June,all,mehpeps,WE WUZ ROMANZ
76561198121830699,Recommended,325610,32680413,Posted: 23 June,all,ABlackmanBegins,"This is one of the best games I have ever played! The battles are epic, the character models are very detailed and there is so many things to do! For the price on sale it is absolutely worth every penny spent. If you love strategy and history then this is the game for you!"
76561198326023913,Recommended,325610,32781123,Posted: 25 June,all,wookie.cs.money,"one word ""meh"""
76561198021752281,Not Recommended,325610,18336313,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Desertfox,"It just gets boring really quickly, fewest hours I have on a total war game. The battles are not that enjoyable, and thats the only reason why you would play the game. Better of to get Shogun 2 or medieval, or Rome total war."
,Not Recommended,325610,15219985,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Fireline66,"First of this is my first review so pardon it if it is considerded a poor review.I have alwasys emjoyed these types of games Total War, Age of Empires, Strong hold and other similar titles. With Total War being one the few that contines to make new games, I feel I have to show my support. But after the current trend of huge gaps between updates, making me dish out another 10$ here, and 10$ there is very disheartining. I refues to pay any more of my hard earned money to slow, money grubbing developers any more. And i hope others follow in my foot step to make you see the error of there ways. It started in Rome:2 and is getting worse and worse.......damn shame, the last of my favorite games is going down a greedy down hill spiral."
76561198081088373,Not Recommended,325610,18268125,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,SpadesRemix,"For the second time now i find myself dissapointed in what CA has become after TWR2's buggy launch and lack lack of factions and pathetic AI we get this sick cash grab. I've tried to make myself like this game played as the Saxsons, Mongols, romans, and a cople of the migrating factions, and i had a good time. However i can not over look the fact that CA released 3 DLC before they patched this game and all it did was allow you to play as factions that already exist in this game, which means they should've been fully playable at launch.On a positive note this does run considerably smoother then TWR2 ever has and i like ther fact that the cities get more damaged durring seiges, but once again the AI will seldom choose to fight you any where but the cities so it only makes sence for the cities to look even better. And the attrition system is so sever that if you've built your food economy on just base furtility by year 420 you'll be starving and dealing with revolts every few turns all across your sprawling empire.The Roman factions play basically the same the only differance being the size of the economic problems they face at the start of the game. Both Roman Factions use Basically the same units only with a pallet swap from red to purple.If for any reason you do choose to get a total war game please go with Shogun 2 or fall of the Samurai, Unless you are dead set on this game in which case only getting this on sale and with the DLC will  you find a full realease and be happy. If you paid full price for this game im sorry for you this is once again a sign that the gaming industry is only out to get your money instead of releasing a game that has all the functions and factions you would expect from a AAA publisher.Overall i do rate this game a 6/10 simply because its playable, however i cant over look the glaring cash grabs from CA for a second time, if you get this with the faction DLC its worth a 8/10. Hope this is helpful to any one who sees it."
,Not Recommended,325610,18304671,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Massnissa,"this gamethe worst game ever in the total war (DON'T BUY IT IF YOU ARE SMART)will tell you whythey placed arabs faction and removed amazigh (berbers) so this is so stupid from themso you can play with arabs (not an old civilization ) and you can't play with (amazigh nation who fought carthage ?? )first of all I`m from indigenous of north africa (amazigh), i played rome 2 and loved it but this attila ....asked some questions about (amazigh berbers)  in fourmshttp://wiki.totalwar.com/w/Total_War_ATTILAbut they deleted evry thing for no reason as always (thanks for the stupid admins of course )so here we go1 : (Amazigh Spearmen , Amazigh Raiders , Amazigh Lancers , Garamantian Lancers , Shawia Guard )all this units are from indigenous of north africa , but this stupid game placed them with factions like Palmyra , Anatolia , and many arabs and other factionsalso amazigh units looks like an arabe units in clothes and even with looks and armour *_* even they are so weak in every thing not like rome 2i tried to help by showing them some books about our  history because Obviously they're ignorant about amazigh (berbers )2 ; i played it in another pc so they made (amazigh leader got arabic names ) i told my self""they must be joking or maybe they were drunk ""thank yu for roping us and making alternative history"
,Recommended,325610,19971826,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,pooser13,"Not as Bad as I expected it to be; especially after the RIITW debacle!!! IMHO it's way better than RIITW. AI is much better. Hopefully they (CA) have learnt their lesson from RIITW, what never to do with a TW game...lol"
,Not Recommended,325610,21654297,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Pheasant,Didn't realize most of the factions are behind a paywall now. Good grief.
,Not Recommended,325610,14643227,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Monk169,"Wow, I always though that the total war games were amazing, but in recent years I thought they were going downhill a bit. I bought this game hoping to stand corrected. And indeed they did rebalance some of the things that I had issues with in the past.In fact though, rebalance is probably not the right word. Completely overcompensate the other way is probably the way I would describe it. In the past, castle defenses were pretty useless. Now apparently, when attacking a castle with 1200 men in it, with an army of 2100, I only loose 150 men to the enemy army but another 330 to the 6 garden shed size wooden archer towers which couldn't contain more than 10 men each realistically.On top of that the game randomly freezes fairly regularly and looses my progress, the archer towers are also somehow almost fire retardent and one of which took out 200 of my 300 archers while attempting to deliver the last 24% damage needed to destroy it (after empting all my onager ammunition on it) using flaming arrows and it also takes so long to capture that you loose an entire unit on each, and generally yet again, it doesnt really seem like they've added anything, only taken away (aside from the new unit models).All in all a pretty poor effort for a company that must have tens if not hundreds of millions of dollars under their belt from these titles, which have, to be fair, all just poorly reproduced what the original game had, but with better graphics and MORE LIMITED GAMEPLAY!!! Very Disappointed, Will not buy the next one!!!"
,Not Recommended,325610,15211505,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Reddit Gold,Save Money !! Buy rome 1 with barbarian invasion DLC
76561197995937084,Not Recommended,325610,15219186,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Colonel Fisher,"Not ready for release on Mac. Riddled with bugs that crash in game. Corrupts game saves and corrupts auto saves which in turn crashs the game and stops the game launching unless you find and delete the save files locally. Issue seems to have been around since launch and no fix yet. The game is totally unplayable (on a mac) because of this, othersie a fun game when I could play between crashes, cant recommend until bugs have been addressed and fixed."
,Recommended,325610,30153431,Posted: 24 February,all,sUkKeRmAd,"Can't wait till the next historical Total War. If it just get at least as good as Atilla, it will be perfect."
,Recommended,325610,30062184,Posted: 20 February,all,wiestika,"I really enjoy Total War games.  Did not get a start until Medieval 2, but I have played all since then.  Aside from Rome 2 which I preordered and then only played for about 10 hours because it was simply not fun, I've enjoyed every version of the game (admittedly I barely played Napolean but I enjoyed it).  Because Rome 2 was so bad to me, Attila had a bit of a negative image to overcome.  I waited until Attila was on sale, but I had every intention of buying it because Attila himself is interesting to me, they had 3 viking factions, and the fall of the Western Roman Empire also had some appeal.I have to say, I really liked Attila.  It has some negatives, but overall it redeemed the failures of Rome 2 for me.  Horde mode is an awesome addition!  Makes things interesting throughout.  Attila gives a tough ""enemy"" for everyone, but never seemed OP (except in a co-op campaign one time).Pros:+ Horde mode.  Really keeps things interesting.  I liked playing a few hordes but also having the opportunity to go horde mode with anyone if things got messy in my area.+ Family tree!  I find this really fun.  Assassinating, marrying family members for alliances, appointing a different heir, or various bonus positions available.  Co-op game we traded daughters consantly.+ Viking Clans (Jutes, Danes, Geats).  Even though they are all similar, I love anything Viking and these all had that feel.  Really enjoyable campaigns to play.+ Agents seemed less OP in this and actually useful at times (this is a touchy subject, but in the past they've seem utterly useless in practice or OP when the AI uses them).+ Campaign map is pretty good looking.Cons:- In game battles aren't as good to me.  My troops often just seemed to route for no reason.  Admittedly I stopped playing MOST battles only a few hours into my first campaign because of this.  One problem with all Total War games is that the AI just avoids fighting me if it can't win easily 9/10 times.  This gets a bid old, but what it does is makes it so I have no reason to fight most battles because it's a landslide either way.  This actually stopped being the case late in the game vs. Attila himself.  He would roll up to my cities with 3 full stacks and actually fight vs my city garrison + full stack or two and we had epic battles, but then my PC didn't like those fights if I played them (would get pretty laggy).- Campaign map movement.  There are spots I couldn't tell what would happen or how far something actually was in terms of engagements (rule of thumb, the AI, on every level, will ALWAYS stay just out of your range lol).  The map looks nice but sometimes is hard to tell where a river actually is or is not.  Even with the movement ranges on the map it sometimes did not seem to match up.- Way too often my generals get horrible traits, or the kids when they come of age, for no apparent reason.  I know there are statistical odds for most traits, but I killed off a LOT of my offspring in pointless battles on purpose because they had so many bad traits.  That gets annoying.  I'd love to see a system for encouraging better traits.  Something like education for youth or a randomly generated list of available generals that you could assign traits based on points or something.Overall, I enjoyed Attila and would recommend.  Best way to buy would be a GOTY type edition with all DLC.  $45 is not bad for this game, but the DLC will make it pricier.  It is a step up from ROME 2 imho and therefore back on track for CA."
,Recommended,325610,30083202,Posted: 21 February,all,Nukleer Baslıklı Kız,.
76561197993667340,Not Recommended,325610,15162401,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,McYUKi,pretty good but so many DLC packsthey are taking the♥♥♥♥♥♥not buying any more titles that double the cost (or more)with content that should be part of the game from the start
76561198009447995,Recommended,325610,28945981,Posted: 2 January,all,mrbax77,Great total war game and historical era!
76561198189803501,Recommended,325610,25584801,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,darthvader6191,It very nice game 100% awesome!!
,Recommended,325610,27986368,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Duke of Kent,My Favourite Game of all the Total War's!Attila has almost everything an experienced total war gamer would come to love and expect. A great game in its own right i feel it rerally built on what was an average Rome II and really tried to implement all the features which people wanted back such as the family tree and added in a lot of new features like setting fire to buildings which i absolutely love!Graphics are a little taxing shall we say at times but some of the scenery is purtely incredible from CA here.Gameplay i find is fun and with the DLC's especially AoC there is literally hundreds of hours of gameplay here!Could i go on more? Yes!Will? No!Just pick it up in the amazing sales if you dont believe me and play it yourself you wont be disappointedP.S. its worth full price still ;)
76561198131204412,Recommended,325610,30178116,Posted: 25 February,all,JayArc,This game is awesome better than Rome 2
76561198041599915,Recommended,325610,25658472,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,MiracleGank,"Total war Atilla is a welcome improvment over Total war Rome 2. It adds many additions to the family and character trait systems, and it is set in a interesting time period. Playing as the crumbling western roman empire, or the marauding Huns make for fun campaigns. The one problem is that later through the game unless you have a massive economy it will be hard to make armies to combat the huns, luckily enough I was the Byzantines. The huns tend to get doom stacks of fully uprgraded soldiers until you kill atilla then they shrink into nothingness. This is no doubt meant to show a threat from the huns, and there really was weight to the final battle with Atilla. Overall Atilla total war is a fun experience, The DLC isnt neccesary, except maybe Charlamagne otherwise the DLC just adds more of what is already in the game. It is a fun game, and I think History and TW fans will enjoy."
76561198066775598,Not Recommended,325610,21007664,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Taco.stemler,"If you heavily enjoy buying unfinished expansion packs that require a lot of DLC and mods to get the full game experience then look no further! Not sure why they decided to make this a stand alone game from Rome 2 (besides being able to charge more for it) I undersand that my hours on record is not quite enough to accuratly evaluate this, but after watching a lot of play throughs on it and then playing a bit for myself I really just can't get into it. If you are interested in getting this at all then wait till its on sale, and wait for the lotr mod that should be coming out in a year or so. Salty nipples are salty, CA / sega need to consume a gallon of expired egg whites"
,Recommended,325610,14970621,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Ziltoid,"First a little note about the DLC controversy. I am ignoring all the DLC drama that happened with this game, and writing a review about the game itself. But I will take a moment to discuss my thoughts on the DLC scandal. I would like to add that I am dumb and bought the DLC, I didn’t understand that all the DLC did was unlock factions, I thought it was adding in some story line “scenario” like missions in addition to unlocking the Viking factions for the grand campaign. I understand the communities frustration with these launch day DLCs. I feel the same way now, and after this I will no longer buy launch DLC or any shortly after release DLC. This DLC crap has gotten out of hand, and I really miss the good old days with expansion sets. I am ok with DLC released like 6 months later that adds a lot more to your overall experience. But 8 bucks to unlock some factions on day 1? They can♥♥♥♥♥♥right off with that. You used to be able to unlock factions in TW games by beating them! This is pretty shameful. I understand game companies are not charity organization and need to make money, but do so in a non sleazy way and keep your integrity. Now enough on the DLC let’s get to the review of the game itself.I understand that this is a stand alone expansion to Rome 2. I never played Rome 2 as all the negative reviews and horrible launch scared me away from it. So I have no way of comparing the two. The last TW game I was heavily into was Empire/Napoleon. I did not enjoy Shogun 2.Total War: Attila is ♥♥♥♥ing good. Actually scratch that it’s ♥♥♥♥ing GREAT! This was a TW game I was waiting for. The graphics are beautiful, I am a huge fan of the new campaign map, and really dig the idea of provinces. It makes it much easier to manage your empire. The new “razing’ choice for captured cities is satisfying, and leads to many strategic opportunities with that. A clan management system has been included as well, giving you a Game of Thrones like mini game. It includes features such as choosing heirs, assassinations, bids for power, money laundering, adoption, and arranged marriages. It is just amazing and such a fun feature to have. Also there is now a “nomad” system for migrating hordes like the Visigoths, where you can manage your faction with nomad specific buildings that travel with your hordes. The Huns are exclusively only nomadic, so you cannot settle with them. So this system helps greatly with the fun of being a horde and you can take your time trying to find the perfect place to settle with the migrating barbarians. Also at any point you can say it’s ♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥o clock and burn all your towns and become a migrating horde. For the Huns a strategic option since you are nomadic, is that you can subjugate conquered nations, this will provide you with some passive income, however you do have to keep them happy or they will rebel. I decided to be ruthless and just burninated everybody and their thatched roof cottages to the ground though, no rebellions when you are dead….As far as the grand campaign goes, for once you feel vulnerable, like you are out to survive this oncoming onslaught, especially if you play as West or East Rome. Most Total War games it’s quite the opposite you usually are the beginnings of a super power and it’s time to conquer. If you play as the germanic barbarian factions it’s all out civil war, but Rome is always ripe for the pillaging and can provide you with some quick cash. The only faction that feels like you are playing a true up and coming super power is the Sassanid empire, they are by far the easiest faction to play. Other than that it is a game of survival, and once you are able to overcome the early mess of the game and get your economy going then you can start thriving. I actually find this game difficult. I do not pretend to be a genius at strategy games and as much as I love strategy games I will always hit a certain wall in skill, I mostly played on normal and it took me quite a few starts and restarts to truly begin to have some shred of success. I hope this game sufficiently challenges some of you five star arm chair generals out there, but for a lowly peon like myself the AI was bending me over like I was being interviewed on the casting couch.The RTS side of things has not changed much, other than a great overhaul to sieges and defenses. The extra towers you get shooting at your foes, is a welcome boon, and as an attacker the different strategic points you can move your troops to and overtake is also a big help to winning. Fire now plays a bigger role, and can really hinder the morale of your opponents. Other than those changes it’s good old total war, troop formations, cavalry charges, missile units, and siege weapons. The naval battles are disappointingly still bland, and your best off hitting auto resolve. Use overwhelming numbers if you go heavy with naval units, because playing out an RTS combat match with naval forces to me is like getting a root canal.Let’s discuss some flaws. Right now this game is poorly optimized in it’s current state. It is going to♥♥♥♥♥♥your gaming PC unless you have something brand spanking new. I have a 2 year old custom PC, and I have had some severe frame rate issues. First game I have had to tune down my graphics for not including the Crysis series. Not that the game looked bad with a blend of medium and high graphics, it still looked great! I am experiencing some lockups, weird graphical glitches, and some random crashing. I think the graphics engine is very clunky and could use a bit of additional tuning. I hear NVIDIA and AMD have patches coming out to help with that. I also got annoyed with the whole “ATTILA WAS BORN OMG” cinematic that pop up during your campaign. I understand they wanted to focus on Attila and this little everybody thinks the Huns are bringing the apocalypse story, but it got old fast. I mean you can hit ESC when the movie starts playing, but I would rather the game spend that time on loading my damn turn. The Huns most of the time were not a big deal since I was mostly spending my time over in Germany, British Isles, and Spain. In fact one time I even had Attila marry my daughter in an arranged marriage between our factions and he was a part of my family and I was now able to pay the Huns a meager sum anytime I wanted somebody wiped out or distracted. For new players the game has a weak tutorial prologue, it really is not going to help somebody start out with this game, this game is tough. If you are curious or new to Total War, your best bet is to go watch some experienced players on you tube and their let’s play videos. Only way you will learn and be successful, other than that you are more than likely going to die.In closing I recommend this game to anybody who loves the Total War series or grand campaign strategy games. It’s a must have, and it will keep you occupied for hours on end. They did a great job with it and really listened to the community feedback from Rome 2 from what I have read. Even with the shameful DLC drama I would still recommend you buy this game. But don’t waste your cash on the DLC unless it’s on sale for a dollar or something. I think Total War: Atilla will be a game that will be looked upon as a good come back for the franchise, and one I will play off and on for years to come."
76561198067362212,Recommended,325610,33235366,Posted: 4 July,all,Nut_Noot,Good Game
,Recommended,325610,33302947,Posted: 6 July,all,[SB] PsyChoZy,-( Please Add Arabic Language To The Reviews Languages )--(the's is Arabic Review)-لعبة جدا جميلة تعيشك التاريخ في الزمن قبل البعثة النبويةوتخليك تحس في شعبك ونضام حكمك واستراتيجياتك في الحروبانصح كل شخص يحب الالعاب التاريخية  او الاستراتيجية يشتريهه بس لازم تتعلم على اللعبةسواء من اليوتيوب او من اي مكان ثاني لن اللعبه جدا صعبه للاشخاص الجديدن على سلسلة تويتل وار
,Recommended,325610,23974649,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,M3gal0maniac,"Having never played any Total War games before, I decided to try out Attila (upon researching the many pros and cons between Rome 2 EE and Attila). I chose Attila as I wanted one that was more complete with more features.At first, I wasn't impressed. At near minimal graphics quality, it still wasn't smooth on my laptop (granted my laptop isn't very powerful) Poorly optimized, quite bad fps and clunky UI. I went for a steam refund.Next day, steam hasn't refunded me the game, and I thought I'd give it another shot. This time, lowering graphics to the most minimum. I slowly got and understood the mechanics of the battles and slowly improved my understanding of the game. It is still a very difficult game, having won my first offensive swipe but lost my first siege defense. Despite that, I felt that there is depth in this game and am currently enjoying it. While I'm playing on pretty poor graphics, I'm enjoying what this game has to offer.One thing I am struggling with is the politics, family tree and all that kind of stuff. To me, these are really complicated and I have to search online for tutorials on how these work. But I'm confident that once I have managed to get a hold of it, i will be able to use it to my advantage and appreciate the game even more."
,Not Recommended,325610,23232499,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,DarkDvr,"Poorly designed game with a horrible performance issues at engine-level.Came expecting good tactical battles, but what I got was terrible UI, beyond-useless tutorial and tons of aggravation.There are far better strategy games out there."
,Recommended,325610,21314374,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,King Coel 666,"Good early on difficulty playing as Roman Empires.Once past turn 40, if your still alive, it is less difficult and your empire starts to grow again.Playing as any other nation is basically the same gameplay as any total war game.When I played as the Western Roman Empire, I just declared war on Eastern Roman Empire and everyone else liked me a lot more (Except the Eastern Roman Empire and their allies(not very many))."
,Recommended,325610,23947294,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,CatDad500,"I've played every total war game since shogun 1. I have mixed feelings on Attila but on sale, just buy the base game and you will have plenty of fun. If you are new, download the Radious mods as it makes the game easier for a first playthrough. The base game is difficult and frustrating in places it doesn't need to be. The game is not well optimized and takes place on a not so popular timeline. But I can guarantee it is still worth the price."
,Recommended,325610,23782383,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,senteen,"This is the most challenging, but also most rewarding, total war game. I play as the Western Roman Empire and My first playthrough I lost 99 out of 100 battles and had my entire country rebelling against my rule. My second and third playthroughs were also failures. After deleting and reinstalling the game, I started another game and had much more success. This is not a strategy game where you can simply throw your troops at the enemy and watch them run (Unless you outnumber the enemy at least 4 to 1). Strategy is a must in this game. Make A mistake and your invincible army of 700 soldiers can be destroyed in one battle. As Western Rome, you will have to constantly rush around your troops trying to defeat the Huns, the Barbarians fleeing the huns, the Barbarians who hate you because your too big, the barbarians that hate you becasue your roman, and the constant rebellions. Within the first few turns, you will probably be at war with at least 10 groups. So far, after learning how to play the game, I have managed to hold on to most of my territory and I will soon be retaking the regions I have lost. This game is frusturating to beginners, but learn how to play it and It becomes one of the greatest total war games they have made."
,Recommended,325610,20543384,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Wabajack,"This game brings me back to my days playing Rome 1 total war. Having to spend a deal of time thinking & planning each turn on construction throughout my empire. IMO is something that Rome 2 lacked. On the battlefield there isn't too much that has changed, but I definitely see the vanilla AI getting slightly less ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with each new total war game ;)The only 'con' I can think of for this game is the state of the factions & cities 'post-attila' if you let his armies spread too far, before eliminating them. Essentially there ends up being huge portions of the map that are wasteland, leaving all of the factions fragmented because they never bother to settle a raized city (seriously maybe once every 200 turns).Wish there were console commands like in the older games. Really helps as far as replayability is concerned."
76561198101972876,Recommended,325610,20805723,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Zylus,Never trust the low percentage of positive views on a Total War game. The only reason it has bad reviews is because of the dlcsThe base game is very fun and a great addition to the TW franchise. This is coming  from a fan of 10 years
,Recommended,325610,18532333,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Camp,top 5 1010 would again
76561198018768159,Recommended,325610,23346408,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,cnx625,"Ever since the last update, I cannot play the campaign anymore on my laptop that doesn't meet the game requirements. Lol!I can only play custom battles."
,Recommended,325610,28831629,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,F E M I N I N E P E N I S,I'm supposed to be playing Total War but these Huns keep kicking my♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,325610,23919239,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Ch33kiBreek1,"Maybe poorly optimized in graphics for some people... Mods can't help i guessBut lot of new and better things  like migration, converting religion to other one, family tree...One thing that really disturbs me is elephants... I remember they were really good in TW Rome 2... But here it seems they were underrated"
,Recommended,325610,14766305,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Darcaem,"I've played mostly as Western Roman Empire. My first 10 years of campaign have been a terrible struggling to survive. I lost most of my empire, I only managed to keep Liguria, Italy, Illiria and Cartago. Rebel armies were appearing everywhere. But now I've recovered my economy, public order is no longer an issue and finally I can pass to the offensive. I have recovered Hispania, Gaul, Africa and Pannonia, and have a few client states.This game is way more challenging than Rome II. It has still some minur bugs. But in average is quite recommendable."
,Recommended,325610,14766343,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Surg3on-Kash,"So far. Best Total War Yet. Everything improved.-Graphics are crisper (requires more PC grunt though, so much grunt required!).-Unit cards make more sense-Battle AI improved greatly. Watch out if you leave a unit vulnerable!-Battle Pacing improved greatly over Rome2 at release. Its probably around Rome2 patched speeds but units seem to move around faster.-Campaign AI needs some tuning but it is quite good. No more catching the AI in foreced march all the time.-Family tree fully fleshed out!-Tech tree simplified and all on one screen-Events list now lets you handle events one at a time instead of having to remember what happened where!Negatives/Bugs noticed so far:Campaign AI sometimes decides to chase you until the ends of the map if you are a horde. Makes playing the Huns very difficult and quite frankly, a grinding bore.I don't mind it but an awful lot of Razing can happenYou need a BEAST of a machine to run this wellOther:Best DLC would be Empires of Sand"
76561198046838637,Recommended,325610,14765804,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,HereticPruder,"Look, poeple are still saltly about the poor lunch and dlc grab that was Rome 2. Though I enjoyed that game and all total war games before it, I am here tot talk about Attila; the total war game that took challange and made it fair, for the new and old alike. The lunch went well, it played well, looked great, and had a faction for all types of players. You want to be the warlord and bend Rome over a table? Fine, be any faction. You want to be the reseve the roles and make the world fear the might of Rome once more? It will take time and effort, but it can be done and feels satifying to reclaim the lands you lost and stake claim to the world untouched. You can also bid your time and build, gather money and power and strike like a snake in the grass. It is not your older brothers Total War; but that isn't a bad thing."
76561198047807163,Recommended,325610,14766156,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,vu'+uv',the game is a marked improvment from Rome 2 by re adding features that were stripped but there is still a long way to go before it can be as good as Shogun 2. This game is good not great but good
76561198064707491,Recommended,325610,14765608,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,henro5886,one of the best TW games i have played
76561198141902765,Recommended,325610,14946248,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Dagnar94,Great Game. soooo many hours into this game
,Recommended,325610,14766513,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Ryluke1204,"I've been a long time player of the total war series (since the first medieval game) and I must say, Atilla is the first one I have seriously enjoyed in the last 9 years.Atilla feels like the sequel that Rome 2 never was, its new politics system is perfect. It mixes the politics of the second Rome game with the family tree and bloodline of the first Rome game.Fighting AI is great, they feel really smart! The cavalry actually want to avoid my spears and even trick me into falling into traps.Since Atilla I have simulated less battles, simulating Is no harder I think now and you have more chance at losing the simmed battles especially with the new margin of error feature.Atilla is the sequel to Rome 1 that Rome 2 isnt. Love Rome: Total war? Buy this!"
,Recommended,325610,14940425,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Zergle,"I think this is my first review. But I must say, i'm impressed with Attila. It has it's kinks that, knowing CA will be worked out...eventually.First off, it is very challenging, compared to the previous Total War games. The very beginning for most factions, being the most important and arguably, the most challenging in terms of how you will bet set up for your entire campaign. If you screw up in the first few turns, your entire game could end up being a hundred times harder. I like that. I like that actual thought and consideration of future possabilities is needed. In Rome 2, your first to tenth turn was usually easy and straight forward. Not in Attila!Secondly, being able to raze settlements is pretty nice as well. I will point out, the AI does abuse this mechanic. And that needs to be changed. But strategically? You can create buffer zones, use it as a last ditch effort to get some income, or just do it to get rid of a city that was too hard to occupy due to cultural differences, then come back later and colonize the area. Something that I had always wished previous Total War games would employ.And lastly, multiplayer seems more active and more fun. I will note, some balance needs to be brought in, and eventually it will be. (I hope.)So to sum it all up, Attila takes the best of Rome 2, and builds upon it. It still has it's issues with the AI doing annoying, or stupid things and some online stuff. But it's nothing that should disuade you from playing the game.  Wait for it to go on sale if you'd like, but seriously, give Attila a try! If you liked Rome 2 you'll love it. And if you hated Rome 2, but still liked other Total War games, this is a step up. If the DLC flood bothers you, ignore them. As is, Attila is just fine.Here's a video of my first serious campaign, where I discuss some of the stuff I do, and don't like other than what I just stated above.url=store.steampowered.com]https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1fx0auAz0g[/url]"
76561197967867981,Not Recommended,325610,14553355,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,RedlandeR,"Before you read this review just know that Ive played every total war game since Rome: Total War. I play these games for their immersive and entertaining campaigns. I am a big fan of the total war games and have enjoyed most of them.Lets talk about the pros first. Alright so Ive played this game for two days now and I have many things to say about it. First off, the campaign is decent. They have brought back the family tree and even added in depth aspects of the tree which can help you feel more in control of your faction. Secondly, the campaign map is less graphics intensive which can make some people happy. The world looks darker and not as beautiful, but I guess that fits the game perfectly, it is Attila afterall. The campagin has improved in most areas and regressed in others. If you are a long time Total War fan you know what im talking about.Now the cons. First off, the building chains are really confusing and complex, almost to the point where expert Total War players may have a hard time getting used to it. There are many types of new buildings and technologies that flat out confused me. Maybe I just havent spent enough time with the game. I constatnly felt like I didnt know what to build next and would hurt me or benefit me. There is just so much stuff to worry about now like squalor and various things that kinda take the simple fun out of the game. As far as the battles go, I feel like they regressed big time. It still feels stale and the battle animations are so plain. At times it feels like the men shrunk and you can hardly even see the troops fighting to the death. Additionally, they got rid of the unit banners and turned them into small tiles that you have to squint to see. Controling and selecting your regiments became hard as well. I feel like this type of old warfare is getting old too, especially since the battle and death animations are horrid. Although the game has made some big strides it still feels like its getting old. I really enjoyed all the Total War games before Rome 2 and I hope they change the pace with a new Empire game. Anyway I am going to vote no on buying this game but just know that it has some positives too. If you are new to the Total War series you dont know what you are missing so go ahead and buy this game."
,Not Recommended,325610,14563634,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Irish Mad Man 23,"Some serious problems so far, especially regarding AI and campaign features.  The most frustrating to deal with is the enemy army withdrawl is almost always outside your reach.  Why do they get a full turns move away, then my armies get tracked down every time?  I pinned an enemy army against a river with 3 hordes, he ran THROUGH MY MEN to get away.  Second is the tributary AI, just like client states in Rome 2, why are they declaring war on each other or me, they are subjugated.  I understand that they could revolt, but the turn after I just burned their village down with fire and sword?  I ran around for 4 turns watching 3 little half banner Roman armies follow me.  They thought they might attack 3 full banner Hun armies?  WTF?Much better on launch than Rome 2, for sure, but still has issues to iron out.  Hold off purchase and save your appetite for the ""full"" game."
76561197970782678,Recommended,325610,19997700,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Ninja,"I, so far had little problems with Attila, its emersive gameplay is epic the battles are relistic and there are alot of things that go into a battle or a faction and goverment i do recomend this game"
76561198065398778,Not Recommended,325610,14539490,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,westman911,"I have had to download this game twice, because for some reason it cleared from Steam. The game itself, is not that appealing and below par. I would not buy this game until it goes on sale, or gets some much needed update."
,Recommended,325610,17803357,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Alijacup29,Good Game Love IT
76561198008367550,Recommended,325610,19652152,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Deadly_Nardad,10/10
76561198294150302,Recommended,325610,34655559,Posted: 1 September,all,dashjohn321,Best total war game ever
,Recommended,325610,18193504,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,King Kang Kong,Best Total War in the series.It's what rome 2 should have been.
76561198107050726,Not Recommended,325610,18152148,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,HoSTiLe,"I wanted to like this game as I was a huge fan of Total War II: Rome. The graphics have improved but the AI is clueless. For example while the enemy is defending they will rush out of their defensive postitions to attack your units which are approaching a city. It makes not strategic sense, and in doing so theyre wiped out effortlessly. This game feels like a step in the wrong direction, even with the better graphics it just is not a well rounded game. I dont recommend buying this game if youre looking for a better Total War stick with Total War II or an early game."
76561198064812814,Not Recommended,325610,17602234,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Spookie Kabookie,"only things i do not like about this game is it is basically an expansion back for rome 2 and the graphics requirements lie, i have a computer with 6gb ram et etc and basically a step above recomended and the game still lags on low settings.  it needs some serious patching not to mention it thinks my drivers that are up to date are not up to date. please patch this game so i wont have wasted my money and feel like i wont want to buy total war warhammer"
,Recommended,325610,17639298,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Turnt Alien,What Rome II should have been.10/10 would use calvery again
,Not Recommended,325610,16813783,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Srbosjek,"The game is improvement over Rome 2, yet overall is still a ""Below average"" game.On good side:UI is improved, diplomacy is improved, family tree is back. And no gamebreaking bugs encountered(like this should be even a feature)On bad side: It still a rome 2, with clunky 1vs1 only fighting animations. While UI is improved it still bad, espicially combat UI. Instead of throwing torches, gates can be broken with melee weapon, brilliant. Repetative battles over the same cities. Absolutelly terrible unit roster(espicially barbarian). Campaign is suffering from poor game design decisions too. Imperium rising from research, Atilla who need's to be killed 5 or 6 times on the battlefield to be actually killed. You can't even create a low level units after research.And there still ridiculous DLC milking, like Blood or cutted factions like longbeards, which is already in gameSo.if you still want to buy this game- wait for a massive discount(like 75%). If you just want a game about this times- go get Barbarian Invasion instead."
76561198016296785,Recommended,325610,17639342,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Garensterz,The way that Rome 2 should have been in the first place. But was set in a different timeframe.
76561198134894005,Not Recommended,325610,17646824,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Erik,"I love the game, everything! But what is my problem?My only problem is the expensive DLC-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- The DLC's are just not worth it 3 factions $7,50? ( With same units mostly only other color )- Blood and burning $2,50 WHY?! o.o-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Just make the DLC cheaper or more worth it.."
76561198151637006,Recommended,325610,33923963,Posted: 31 July,all,[CG] Clarence,"Cool game, better than the Warhammer gay♥♥♥♥♥♥ we want a historical total war title or riot >:C"
,Recommended,325610,14733839,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Texashangman,"Well for starter's I want to say that i own every total war out there even the ones you can't add to steam and myself and many others wait for the day that Sega make's World War Total War or Civil War Total War, however until that day comes i enjoy what they do have and i dont see a problem with buying the DLC's, there were a few things in this game that made no sense at all what so ever but other then that i think it's a great game and if your a total war fan you should get this game no doubt, One thing i didnt like is the fact that like preivous games before you could release new kingdoms out of unwanted areas that you already owned but you can not seem to do that in this one if you already own the area and i didnt like that because i like having Egypt and Judea as ally's because once they get it rolling they kick some major a$$! but you cant do that if you already took it over it has to be done before hand, i may be wrong and just havent found the way to do it yet, but anyways the other thing is the Romans Eastern or Western like to abandoned alot of areas why? who knows, i figured they would keep the areas for wealth but no they dropped em like a bad habit ofcourse there does not seems to be too many resources around those areas and that may be the reason why, one thing is for sure they do not put up a fight at all in the Eastern or Western Roman empire against you or ally's, but they go after hordes like it's nobody's business, After i landed and marched into Egypt and Palestina headed to knock out the Sasanian Empire i released Egypt and Judea instead of taking the Palestina area and the Egypt area, after 20 turns in both judea and egypt asked to join the War i was waging and i allowed Judea to enter the Eastern Roman War and they kicked Eastern Rome's A$$ clear all they way up past Syria within 3 areas from Constantinople, I allowed Egypt to join the Western Roman war they declared on me for attacking The Eastern Romans and Egypt Took 2 Eastern Roman Areas that they abandoned and took All the Western Area's from where the western empire meets the eastern empire in libya clear the hell all the way up to within 2 of the english coast and Rome did nothing but choke, The Huns act as if they are almost nonexistent in this game and they were knocked out before Attila was even born by the romans, However if that hadnt happen i am sure that Attila would of been more then Capable of causing hell within the area and i am glad that he wasn't able to make it more gold for me, So yea this game is worth it in my opinion,"
76561197994141795,Recommended,325610,16769333,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Carlucio,Much better than Rome II.
76561198084019697,Recommended,325610,16770423,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,oerthetop,"Everyone can talk♥♥♥♥♥♥ Ive played my life away to every Total War title ever made and I ♥♥♥♥ing love it.That being said, its glitchy as♥♥♥♥♥♥and it crashes a lot.Save ♥♥♥♥ing often."
76561197965446228,Not Recommended,325610,16770572,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Drakinor,"Don't get me wrong, Attila is not a bad game. But for me, a long time Total War fan, it just doesn't feel like a true Total War game to me. I personally cannot get into this particular title. The main problems I have with it are the economy seems to be used as a limiting factor to a much more major extent than I beleive it should be, razing of cities while historically accurate to a degree seems to be overused by AI and feels like it detracts from the game, and it overall just doesn't feel like a real improvement over previous titles. Sure its got somewhat new graphics etc, but the game itself doesn't feel like its improved that much from previous titles."
76561198132242902,Not Recommended,325610,16772224,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Smelly Squatch,how do i return this? everytime i try to play the steam servers are too busy. sorry for bad english
76561198045645095,Not Recommended,325610,16772241,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Jackpot4433,"The game is as glitchy as most of the reviews state.  I was playing an online game and 4 full units of cavalry ignored every order I gave them and just rant to the back of the map.  Just finished a campaign fight.  I HEAVILY outnumbered my enemy attacked from both flanks, or wel I meant to excpet none of my forces followed my commands.  Very disappaointed with this game."
76561198022421785,Not Recommended,325610,32715858,Posted: 24 June,all,ShagWagon,"Runs like garbage, and no my PC isn't a potato."
76561198035808269,Recommended,325610,14534292,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Olympian,Just started. Pretty awesome so far.
76561198056740284,Not Recommended,325610,21372391,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,hmm lilac and gooseberries,Pre-Purchase Total War: WARHAMMER now and get the Chaos Warriors Race Pack for free
,Recommended,325610,20927978,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,The Mustard Tiger,7/10
76561198193669981,Recommended,325610,32348185,Posted: 11 June,all,Esols,I must finish what Hitler stated.
76561198154794049,Recommended,325610,23315441,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,@spaceship,5+
,Recommended,325610,27363009,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Majin,BEST GAME EVARRRRR
76561198022694342,Recommended,325610,20635417,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,john95540,ive put in over 200 hours on this game and i don't think i'll ever feel done with it great game  if you like messing around as a king or tyrant if not i wouldn't suggest it  long story short  i usually play as one of the eastern empires like the tanukhids  or the norse tribes suebian saxons danes geats  because i can relate with those  i even have relatives in the game  the randallins  couldn't ask for more in a game
76561197994298061,Recommended,325610,21805499,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Mert,"sgood but played sooooo much total war that its hard for me to really ""commit"". it's not you baby, its me."
76561198166469738,Recommended,325610,30128595,Posted: 23 February,all,ALOOSH,My favorite total war game after medieval II.
76561198035766241,Recommended,325610,16633956,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,kingdrizzt,sigh... ruined it with all the DLC
76561198004561225,Recommended,325610,16550348,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,burti_boy,Highly recommend this game. A much better release than Rome II
76561198116508627,Recommended,325610,16543867,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Hugh Jass,"""One more turn..."""
76561197999021953,Recommended,325610,16851686,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Un Poisson Rouge,"I married my daughter to the King of Ireland and then I realized I wanted her back home. So I invaded Ireland, burned everything to the ground, and chased the last Irish army all the way around Great Britain, until I finally cornered them in Cornwall.I defeated the army and my daughter died / commited suicide / was murdered...10/10 would go home childless again :("
76561198024190798,Recommended,325610,19626655,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Claytonimor,"Jesus. Playing as the Western Roman Empire is hell. I love it. I've actually managed to turn it around, too! Ireland is mine, the Picts were killed by a tribe allied to me, The Franks are in Northern Germany, the Angles have died out, the Saxons have ben forced to settle east of the Rhine. It's great. Of course, after realising that I'd managed to do all this, I thought to myself ""Man, the Eastern Empire must be doing great!""Then I found out the Huns had burned Constantinople to ground and Anatolia was split between close to 6 different tribes. So now I march to rebuild the Eastern Rome and, with it, the Eastern Roman Empire.11/10 would backwards Flavius Belisarius again"
76561198007853648,Recommended,325610,16637017,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,KansasGuy2012,"I have always been a Total War fan. From the beginning Total War has seperated itself from every single Strategy game out there! (Good reasons) Hours upon hours of play and tons of mods make this game, Total War Attila A MUST HAVE!"
,Recommended,325610,30914130,Posted: 2 April,all,Archimiddles,its gucci
76561198070256605,Recommended,325610,16571287,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,SOPA UMA DELICIA,"powerful and viceral, up there with medieval 2.The struggle of finding a new home as a horde or the desperate defence of a border provence on the fringes of your massive empire are both greatly wonderful and almost terrifying expiriences.a sense of degredation of the world permiates the expirience"
76561198060467369,Recommended,325610,16651321,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Bananarama,"8/10I've always been a fan of the Total War francise and I'm pretty sure everyone was disapointed by rome 2. And yes, Attila is basically the same setting as Rome Barbarian Invation. But the game itself is actually fairly decent with almost all problems from rome 2 fixed. there are of course some drawbacks, such as the lack of multiple voices in the game in diplomacy, as well as a limited amount of actual factions to play as. plus having to pay to get more factions through the dlcs? that was bs,♥♥♥♥♥♥move CA.All in all the game isnt so bad providing new features and a major graphics boost, as well as fun gameplay and the return of the family tree. i would recommend it to any Total War fan, but Shogun 2 is still my favorite"
76561198070965344,Recommended,325610,16709363,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,LuridVacancy,This to me is one of the best Total War games yet.
,Recommended,325610,33124396,Posted: 2 July,all,FolkertOfGondor,Total War Attila runs better than Rome II and has way less crashes. With a good community with very good mods. I recommend this game to all history/strategy fans.
76561198007199460,Recommended,325610,16711375,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,coderbob0101,I bought it and didn't put it down for 98 hours. Great game!
76561198212576447,Recommended,325610,30926916,Posted: 3 April,all,radarkj,Lovin' it.
76561198007592366,Recommended,325610,34506338,Posted: 26 August,all,jameshalenbeek99,"This game is just as good as Empire totaal war.A great Mod with this is 1295 M.K., i played onley with the unit pack, i am still whating to get the full game.stil the game is great!"
76561198067711606,Recommended,325610,16562351,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,DualMist117,Amazing best Total War yet
,Recommended,325610,16632670,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Lt. General Longstreet,Inacurate history!6/10
,Recommended,325610,30939137,Posted: 4 April,all,Dominoz,"Amazing game, beautiful graphics and incredible battles bit glitchy when boarding ships but meh. Interesting missions and political and income system so overall a very good game with a lot but manages to not be complex."
76561198039380243,Recommended,325610,14518563,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Gizmo,"bit sad that the game dont look as good as it cud, but it is a move in the right direcshion."
,Not Recommended,325610,14599362,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,youthful smart boy,not enough diversity and the roman troops look stupid 0/fish would not protect the eagle again
76561198092660552,Recommended,325610,31337470,Posted: 24 April,all,DurkBurk14,1. total war medieval 22. total war attila3. total war warhammer4. total war shogun 25. total war rome 1/2
76561197986691889,Not Recommended,325610,15498384,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Grey Ghost,"this is a mod for rome 2, with features that were in rome 1....if you buy this your a fool.like me, im a fool."
76561198071928141,Not Recommended,325610,18375043,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,mongolteiko,"I thought by now this series would get the same old problems sorted....but no. Very dissappointed withthis.....prefer Rome II.Game crashed on me today when I won an epic battle.....wasted 30 minutes of my life! Had to reload and do it over.This time, the pathing of the units was totaly stupid [but then it always has been!] causing a lot to get killed.When grouping units into a line then pressing testudo formation....only 2/3 did it. You have to baby sit the whole process! I know it is only a game, but I like things done properly with minimal casualties [as you would in real life].The towers kill a lot of your own men as well as the enemy. There is no way of controlling them [to switch off/fire direction etc.]You would think the units especially the fleets would be better [hundreds of years down the line], but no, they are worse.I know the game is 'different' to Rome II, but Rome should have the capability to build archers/balista/cav units from the start, but one has to research it again.Oh the ingame wiki takes ages [and I mean ages] to load. I have a i7 processor, ssd drive, 16GB RAM, 2 GB video card and fiber optic 45MB/S internet. You just cannot use it at all!Yes the campaign map looks better as does the strategic map.....but overall I would only buy it on sale [as I did].I hope their next installment is not rushed out and then dlc's pumped out like Attila!"
,Recommended,325610,14934605,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Yasin,Great game but the DLC pushed down our throats is ridiculous.
76561198072272583,Recommended,325610,23144906,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,grumpyapp,Feels like a refined version of rome 2
,Not Recommended,325610,22116210,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Marshmallow Ghosty,"This game is not unique at all... Literally there are so few factions that are even fun to play. Most of the factions are just a bunch of barbarians wandering around the woods. Rome II is better, Medieval II is better, and Empire and Shogun and better. So just wait for Warhammer..."
,Not Recommended,325610,21453008,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Not Your Friend,"I like the game and gameplay, but I hate the fact that they cut up the conent into pieces and sells it back to you as dlc. Where were the days what when you buy a game, you actually got the whole game. Why must I pay another 80 bucks for DLC when I paid 60 already. It is because of companies like these that people pirate games. If i can I would give this game a 1 out of 10"
76561198076053783,Recommended,325610,22199026,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Krezo,It's a good game but £6 for DLC that has 3 more factions that should be in the standard game isa little to much.
,Not Recommended,325610,22191441,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Rainbow_Randolph,"this game is if you could buy cancer, ebola, aids, and bleach in a package and take it all as once while your on fire listening to nickleback"
,Recommended,325610,22871523,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,fgh976  ICELAND,GET THIS GAME! NOW!!! 10/ 7
76561198044905666,Recommended,325610,23104900,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,freddyxbox,"Cool game, but kinda overvelming anount of stuff to controll from the start.. It is like a game for people that have played the other total war games earlier.Wish it had a start as roman based allied that was smaller than the empire, like the lokal rulership in britain (less regions to controll in the start, but still roman)"
76561198061046078,Recommended,325610,14914956,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Tiberius Julius Caesar,"loved this game way better than rome 2, cant wait for the mods for this one, must buy for total war players,"
76561197988127251,Not Recommended,325610,23135199,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,G.B.S.,"I have played a loved total war since Rome 1, I really liked the setting of Attila but I can't enjoy it, it feels horribly rushed, lacking almost any unit variation, (see the Germanic factions), some gameplay mechanics are interesting but there is just nothing here to keep me interested, I always find myself go back to Rome 2 and Shogun 2 rather than this title. Hopefully they'll will take away some lessons from this failure and make the next historical game better."
76561198092149186,Recommended,325610,14935759,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Lord_ Blackwater,"Great game, despite you may read, yes it need work but it has the potentail to be great, like Rome 2.."
76561198085562712,Recommended,325610,14916458,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,GewieksteVos,"A huge improvement on rome's core mechanics. It's way more challaging too, i found myself in much situations where things just couldn't go worse, ""the huns, decease, famine, civil war"" but if you manage to get through those, recover and finish a campaign... I've never felt so statisfied. This is one of my favorites in the franchise. 8/10"
76561198012209407,Recommended,325610,14519080,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,SexualChocolate,"I'm going to keep this review short and relatively simple.They brought back all of the good things from previous installments.  The only downside to the game is they use a lot of the old models and sound files for most of the units.  I was playing the Geats and they had the same models and sounds as Rome2 which I found to be kind of cheap on their part.  It's still good regardless, I just had higher hopes for new character models and sounds.  I'm glad they brought back the family tree and added a bunch of options to it.  It crashes very rarely but that's to be expected on a game on release day, also update your drivers for better optimization.  I give it a 8/10"
76561197980847018,Not Recommended,325610,20516240,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Vermillion,"This game is good but due to massive issues mainly to do with artificial difficulty I cannot recommend this game.The first 20 years of gameplay is fun because despite an AI that can have 2 full stacks in a small city and not run out of money, food and maintain integrity the game is still fun to play.But then you get insanely rampent cheating AI in the form of Attila himself and his Huns.Attila gets infinite money, infinite armies and just wants to ♥♥♥♥ you up, and only you.He will send 12 doom stacks of the best units in the game to wipe you out and everytime you kill an army he sends he will spawn another one and this never stops.Then you kill Attila and cut off his head but he was only 'pretending to be dead' and respawns with an even bigger and badder doom stack that will blow your entire 3 stack away.Then you kill him by sending assassins and stab him two more times and he runs off alive, still getting his doom stacks that have either blown your entire empire apart or they burned the small cities breaking your economy and killing you slowly.The game up until Attila and his doom stacks is decent but then the game literally ♥♥♥♥♥ on you for playing it.Then came the AoC DLC that offered a more Medieval like game which was also decent up until Charlemagne started doing the exact same thing that Attila does with infinite max level, max tier armies.Almost all the Total War games are decent to some degree but all of them have issues that you have to endure in some way and with Attila its infinite armies just aiming at you."
,Recommended,325610,21241114,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,-GW- Basvak,"Game is good , but too much DLC"
,Recommended,325610,19256366,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,saturn1,This is a great addition to my total war collection! My favorite total war game was empire total war I have really enjoyed this more recent game Total War Atilla. If your into surival/strategy with great graphics buy this game.
,Not Recommended,325610,18570383,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Matdione,This is how you kill a franchise
76561198027138222,Not Recommended,325610,18575700,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,KnightDemon113,"Despite the negative elements of this game, I was thoroughly enjoying it. While there are stupid things in this game like stupid dlc that is insanely overpriced, they are a lot of great new additions. I was having a lot of fun rebuilding the western roman empire, until the base fertility went consistenly down, essestially destroying my empire. But what♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off was I found out that there is absolutly no way to fix this, fertility just keeps going down and there is no fix. Reading online chat forums, many people expressed the same anger to this problem which cripples any empire, especially large empires."
76561198059705589,Recommended,325610,18212879,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,soad,"This game is alot like Rome 2, but its alot better. It runs smooth, the gameplay is fluent, i love playing as a Horde, I think that new machanic brings a great and fantasic challenge to the game. Overall i would recommend it. I bought it on sale , only reason i did buy it, I thought i would leave this Total War game out but im sure as hell glad i had not.I personally find the AI more diffiuclt ( good thing ) .  At the moment i can not think of any major flaws with this game.Graphics - 7/10 Gameplay - 9/10 Total war-10/10.People ( myself inculded until recently ) I think just put down this game for the sake of putting down."
76561197978895021,Not Recommended,325610,18224625,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Pickle rick,nah
76561197995537031,Recommended,325610,18229501,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Chesty89,"Some of the reviews on this game annoy me! Yes I can understand the frustration of having to pay for DLCs BUT it’s a business, they're paying people to design the DLC so they have to sell it and make money (basic business sense!). I'm sorry but if you're moaning about how much the DLCs cost maybe you need a new hobby, because guess what, gaming is a luxury!ANYWAY - my review is based on the game itself not on the DLCs! I must admit I didn't like Attila to start with. I really enjoyed Rome 2 (I know crazy eh!). The only reason I started playing Attila was simply because I ran out of games to play. However I preserved with the game and started to really enjoy it. I found it a true challenge, the AI reacts to your tactics more than they do in Rome 2. I liked playing a crumbling empire and turning it around to become a terrifying faction.So please ignore the b0ll0cks about DLCs and enjoy the game for what it is and if you're a true TW fan (like I am), then buy it simple really!"
76561197970875686,Recommended,325610,20775068,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Draknar986,Bought this game in Jan 2016.  The Mod community is still active.  Excellent with Mods!  (don't try to play without them).
76561198007982486,Not Recommended,325610,21166476,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,jcalberta,i can't even open this ♥♥♥♥ing thing. ive tried every known method from the forums ... for hours. nothing works. and i cannot get into steam support.
76561197990767390,Not Recommended,325610,21168958,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,seriak247,I like this game but it's a shame that it takes alot of mods to make the game playable. I think CA needs to hire some of these modders to help them when/if they make another game after Warhammer.
76561198033847507,Not Recommended,325610,21178141,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Marco Solo,"Total War: ATTILA seems to be like a poorer version of the Total War: Rome II. In battle there isn't the zoom camera option to a single unit like in Total War Rome II. In addition campaign in this game seems to be way more challenging than in Total War Rome II, in a bad way. In Total War Rome II, in 50 turn I could raise many armies and capture many new cities, of course not without challenge. In Total War: ATTILA you can hardly make anything happen in 50 turns. It takes many hours to get anything done in this game. Compared to Total War Rome II, in ATTILA when I upgrade buildings in my cities to boost food, public order and units, I get only a fraction of the benefits what you could get in Total War Rome II. I do all these upgrades and what? Still bad public order and mediocre units. This game could have been way better, I hope there are some updates coming."
,Not Recommended,325610,21154637,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Creativeworks,"Great Game! Real bad optimization for a full priced game.Graphics for ""future GPUs"" is the lamest excuse for terrible performance I have ever seen a video game developer put out. It's so painfully obvious that the lag is due to heavy optimization issues and it persists regardless of graphical settings. Future gen my♥♥♥♥♥ I want to play the game now and not in some ""future"" when this game won't be relevant anymore. I'm so tired of their inability to call things their real names, it's just sad.13 to 40 Fps on max settings. Not good enough.My rig - i7 4970 4th - Gtx 980 superclocked - 16GB."
76561197994150753,Not Recommended,325610,18051276,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,moderate rebel,"the horde thing is actually pretty annoying. I really miss Medieval and I hope its in the works. That said, the migration thing kills the game fo rme as you end with these stacks camping in your turf, keeping you locked down because you dont what the hell is going on. Than you decide to move or attack somebody and bam the migrant stack attacks. Otherwise, the game is really pretty and the units are fun. A lot of the dynamics and aspects of attila should have been implemented in Rome 2. Buy or dont buy I remain neutral on this game. meh"
76561198122864338,Not Recommended,325610,16113633,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,THESAS88,would be a good game if it could actually start up without crashing
,Not Recommended,325610,17669670,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Alfaceazul,"Too many DLC,  really fast battles and almost same as total war rome 2...maybe just darker...."
76561198011573564,Not Recommended,325610,27582401,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dogan,They screwed another epic classic game...The new UI is horribleMoreoever every projectile leaves a smoke behind...
76561198084603622,Recommended,325610,16763129,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Medievalwarfare,I wanna say its not bad. Instead I will say its better than Rome 2. I would buy it if its on sale. But if its not then buy Medieval 2. Seriously buy Medieval 2. Anyway The AI is better. I actually saw Calvary going full speed into my line of spears but at the last second it Juked me and charged my archers. I give it props for that. But what I say stands. Only buy it if it is on sale. Not even for $50. Sale or Medieval 2.
76561198006753567,Recommended,325610,14520234,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Soothammer,"Its nice game, but where is blood and gore? I dont like that its going to be dlc again.Family three is big bonus and diplomacy seems better than rome 2. Whit 2.1 hours i cant say much but overall its better than rome 2 when i gets blood and core. Whit out it battles seems too clean."
,Recommended,325610,15498715,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Douglas Fucking MacArthur,13/6  Named City MY♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥BALLSACK
76561198079227994,Not Recommended,325610,15987148,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Nappizz,Its not good game graphics are boring and dont buy :) Il liked shogun 2 and other total wars but this just sucks. Theres something good too but too many bad!!
76561198080159988,Not Recommended,325610,16027884,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,clarkin,still has the same broken mechanics as Rome 2 and the corruption system is broken.
76561198144240831,Not Recommended,325610,16752848,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,IceCreamExplosion,i played this game and ive never herd about total war until this year. My friend talked about total war rome 2 alot and liked it. this game though is a little better but i wish that they could just add the dlc into the game for free. there are not enough factions in this game natually and i dont want to pay money just so i can play as a few leaders. downloading mods to add factions and leaders in the game will be out soon and its better than buying these dlc's.
76561197967275224,Not Recommended,325610,16867437,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,miggs,Does not work. Hangs on boot screen.
,Not Recommended,325610,17429381,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Starscream,"Awful maps, offer no different play styles or motives to move around the map. Battles come to an end so quick there is no point to scout or flank, just send all your men in a pitched battle come out on top because of sad ai and kill the next three stacks of barbarians because they're just plebs with beards and spears.10/10 would re-download Empire and see what good maps did for a sh***y game and realize what sh***y maps did to an almost good game."
76561198132243518,Recommended,325610,17306819,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,ramparts08,Great game....but i feel that the packs should of came with the original game...but still worth getting.
,Not Recommended,325610,15548246,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,C-3PX,"CA and Sega are turning into EA with their business practices. They sell you the game skeleton, and you have to buy its organs for 7.99 (culture packs). Something that makes me feel taken advantage of as a loyal Total War player is the fact that they're selling BLOOD as a DLC, BLOOD, in a WAR game; something that you expect to be lots of. What are they going to do next, sell shadows, trees, lighting? This is a straight up cash grab. Because of the business pratices alone, I do not recommend buying this skeleton game. Shame, because Total War used to be the pinnacle of large scale battles, now, I don't know."
,Not Recommended,325610,15622448,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,ICEEDEDPPL,Had every TW series ( non steam ) except Shogun 1.Thousands of hours were spent on TW series.But this.. what is wrong with you CA? DLC for standard features..This should've been an expansion pack for ROME II.I lost my faith for CA. Nope. Nope. Nope. Nope.#howtolosefanbase
76561198011961444,Not Recommended,325610,15691456,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,JohnnyMotherFucker,"I bought this game because I fancied playing as a horde of barbarians and sweeping through europe against the odds and all that. Did I get that, no, I simply got a slightly shinier Rome 2, with the added option that I can abandon my home city at any point.This doesnt really add too much to gameplay, I simply now control my armies and have no cities. More emphasis is put on raiding (change to raid stance) and looting (press loot when capture a city) but that's about it.If you have total war rome 2, stick with it, this is not worth £30. Maybe a £5 DLC but it is no new game."
,Recommended,325610,15336350,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,MurrayySD,"Its good but the DLC is really overpriced, wait untill they are on sale before you buy it"
76561198089507656,Not Recommended,325610,15908455,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Sethology,"Too much piece-meal dlc. I guess in this day and age we as a consumer base are expected to silently and complacently accept this, but its a very disappointing (and relatively new) marketing strategy on CA's part. Game is as historically inaccurate as every total war iteration has been in the past ( R1 notorious flaming pigs, daughters of mars dlc pack though this is dlc for a reason and can be excused as it is optional) with the great migration period of the 5th centuries lack of documentation casting even more ambiguity on the period and leaving ca with alot of elbow room in which to take artistic liberties (low level barbarian armies will have an absurdly large proportion of female combatants, i mean live 20-30 percent. This is silly, barbarians were a bit more inclusive as far as female warriors went but war was still a male-dominated sphere with some exceptions). Its not my favorite total war game, however it does improve upon its predecessor. Difficulty has been amped up, though the framerate has decreased exponentially despite a fairly negligible graphics improvement. Over all its an okay game, though i certainly would not recommend it to a newby of the series.P.S- I still play it, if only because ive already purchased it. Dont let the increased gametime fool you."
,Recommended,325610,16073736,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,leavedavidalone,"Yes, this game does have too many, too expensive DLC'sYes, this game does have very few factions, many who uses much of the same units.Yes, this game is fairly poorly optimized.BUTThe game is also almost perfectly balanced.The AI is one of the best in the series. Even siege battles work for the most part.The world feels dark and gritty, and like it's out to kill you. Which in my opinion, is awesome.The unit movement is some of the best in the series, your units actually follow your ordersThe family tree and politics system is back in and it makes the non-battle parts of the campaign so much more interesting.This game might not be perfect, or even near perfect but I believe it's a thousand times better than ROME II.If you don't want to support their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ business model, then either don't buy the DLC's or don't buy the game at all. But I do say that if you don't particularly enjoy feudal Japan, this game is the best option for a modern Total War, and it's actually pretty damn good."
,Not Recommended,325610,16752682,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Privledged Capitalist,"ya know, I wish I could purchase the ""no more crash at startup"" dlc everyone seems to cry about. Anyone willing to gift me it? I hear it's a pretty big improvement to the crashing situation i'm experiencing right now.Wait! Might aswell get me the better optimization dlc, that would be extremely generous no? It's only $5.While you're at it, might aswell get me every expansion so far, it only costs $28... and! the blood pack is useful for about 10 seconds after it dissappears.This game is a load of trash and pig pilingsBut as i'm typing this review, I guess i'm part of the problem :/"
76561198006717334,Not Recommended,325610,16766594,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,nauticalpenguin,tried this during the free weekend. I would not reccomend buying this game for any price unless you are extremly interested in the subject matter. but in that case you would still have to purchase a bunch of DLC packs to get the full experience anyhow. 5/10
76561198282269651,Not Recommended,325610,22199337,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Mo3a4,bad game
76561198064414460,Recommended,325610,29696959,Posted: 4 February,all,stojanmilenkovic,I love this game.
76561198233999516,Recommended,325610,29455338,Posted: 23 January,all,ChivalrousYak57,this is an amazing game with awesome mods and is really great for both new and old total war players alike
76561198249392584,Recommended,325610,20553707,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,top.secret1993,I love it no need to say much.
76561198002274851,Not Recommended,325610,16018625,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,conan_sloan81,The game doesn't quite hit the fun spot. It is more of chore to manage all the new campaign/building debuffs than to just go forward and make war. Combine that with how the AI manages to get multiple doomstacks our of nowhere; the chances of a good time are stacked against you.
76561198058630905,Recommended,325610,16337217,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Res,Still has its Kinks like Rome 2 did but Overall the Game is Pretty Amazing. The Animations are Smoother and overall there are more Animations. I like how Archers use The Cover ove the Walls to Take Cover after firing their bow. It makes it more Realistic and Make you feel like its an actual Battle. along with The Seige Escalation and the Slight Improvements of the AI. Ill Always Love Rome 2's Era more. But this Game Is Better in a lot of ways
,Recommended,325610,24645676,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Sten45,"What can I say about this game. I love it and hate it(SEGA, CA, whoever)I dreamed of being a knight and commanding my warriors to great victory, watching big armies clash and charge into battle as the calvary obliterates the archers and unprotected infantry. I found that dream in total war. Attila was my first experience, I spent hours bringing forth a kingdom for my Saxon brotheren and struggling to ward off the evil huns. I loved it, played the crap out of it, but then I played a different faction and loked for more total war games. I was amazed at the other eras and peoples and cultures. It's a very fun game and it sucks you in when you first play it.But there are some thing I dislike very much, I don't feel like there is much replayablility, yes there are lots of other factions, but it's just build a city and amass a few armies and the world is yours. I feel like it's only a challange even on hard difficulties in the beginning as the AI is relentless. You get to apoint where all you have to do is mop up little factions and worry about the annoying huns, they aren't a challange it's just an bothersome thorn in your side. And Dont forget the DLC issues, just google it and you will find out.Buy this game on sale and then its worth itpros-epic battlespretty visualsfun and challanging startcustom/online battlescons-very few epic battlesrepetative long game and fations(somthing somthing germanic tribe)money grubbing dlc machine (SEGA)"
,Not Recommended,325610,17570447,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,SpartanSpade,"I love this game but, and this kills me to say it it really does, if you're new to total war don't buy it. That being said I love the game and the time line and it's much better then rome 2 so over all  good improvment but it still has a long way to go to being as good as shogon.P.S: this is my favorite total war game even thou i'm posting a bad review. 6/10"
76561198184862070,Recommended,325610,22180303,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Solyaris,After 115h playing this game I have to say that I love it. It is my first time playing a Total War game and was hard in the beginning. The game takes time to be mastered and to be honest I am still learning.Warning: After the inicial 30 hours the game become super addicting.Buy it!
,Not Recommended,325610,15501144,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,nohalmil,Disgusted by the DLC. Otherwise a nice game.Totally considering losing interest in the franchise.
76561198091332858,Not Recommended,325610,15681834,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,RetroNanStar,biggest waste of money i have ever spent. there is no point being any barbarian faction as you cannot access most of the units unless you plan on having no cities and just raid everyone.
76561198026670455,Not Recommended,325610,15751507,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Yompi',stop the  day 1 dlcs
76561198087018119,Recommended,325610,16816666,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,BEARDED_VIKING,"I was able to play this on a $500 non-gaming rig with minor bugs. I recently bought a $800  gaming  rig and I have fully optimized the settings to run on it on quality and-then-some. Some of the specs for my rig are under the recommended. Alot of people don' realize that this game is made for Next Gen computers. I preordered this game on sale with the Viking DLC. I have recently bought the Blood and the Celts DLC on sale. I don't have an internet connection with my rig right now but I have put 60+ hours into this game. With all games its best to buy on a sale, but I would pay full price for this one.10/10 ~ Would land Viking fleet in Africa Again"
76561198106339427,Recommended,325610,16882045,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,william07022,Good
,Recommended,325610,16957838,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Saraband,"It's like Rome 2, if only Rome 2 had been properly executed. Seriously, CA brought some really nice improvements with this latest installment, both technically and in terms of gameplay. There are still a few things that are bound to annoy most people, such as the campaign mechanics of the Huns (who can't settle to start their own empire), but it should appeal to any fans of the series."
,Not Recommended,325610,17032850,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,pelikanos94,"Cool, but this game should cost maximum 20 euro, because its basically Rome 2 on some mods."
76561198143235423,Not Recommended,325610,15557531,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Baked Bakerchief,glitchy bug fest still..
76561197968685862,Not Recommended,325610,15585974,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Infanteer,"Rome 2 and Atilla have both been effectively the end of the Total War franchise as we knew it from the Rome: Total War days. I don't know what happened along the way, but something led CA to change their practices from making games for the fans to enjoy to making games just for the money. They began to release unfinished bug filled games with hopes of selling fixes, and DLC's that should have been in the original game to begin with, for money.ATTILA is an upgrade from Rome 2, but considering the state of Rome 2, it wouldn't take much to beat it. With the announcement of Warhammer Total War, I can only imagine the amount of DLC's CA will come up with since it's all based on fantasy.I did enjoy the Total War franchise, but ATTILA with all of its DLC's including a BLOOD MOD FOR over $3 was the last straw. I will no longer be supporting CA and their filthy greedy practices."
76561197999897939,Not Recommended,325610,15620687,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,le_fish,Love total war series hate stupid dlc. good game if you like having your pants pulled down! could have been so amazing.
76561198010765215,Not Recommended,325610,15497511,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Col. Pete Ellis,"The concept is decent however Total War has simply over reached with this game. It is very hard to see what is going on, and there is too much going on in the campaign. The most realistic ever, however also the least playable."
,Recommended,325610,15500475,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Ed Balls,"amazing game, poorfаgs need not apply"
,Not Recommended,325610,15505111,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,FooL,£30 reskin of what was poor/average game in the first place. CA The Warscape engine has had it's day. It's time to scrap it and start again. if TW Warhammer is using Warscape I am not buying it.
,Recommended,325610,15883724,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Carloskiran01,"It's a great Game, It has all the aspects that anybody would want from a RTS genre game. It also has the apocalypitic feel to it that I have never seen before.I highly recomend this game as it is innovative and it has all the great aspects of a RTS."
,Not Recommended,325610,16221110,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Tony Abbott,"Want to play siege battles? How about constant CTD instead?The Huns were supposed to be the downfall of Rome, yet they pose just enough of a challenge in this game to be considered a footnote in your campaign, that's if they make it to you at all.Game is just a shake up of Rome II, so much potential extremely poorly executed."
,Recommended,325610,16294808,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,SelfPropagatedAnarchy,"A good game, a huge step up after Rome II. Overall mechanics are better, things seem more balanced, WRE is ludicrously hard, and family trees return. The Raze mechanic adds a new level to the game, although it is SOMETIMES overused by the AI, which is a problem mostly imo because it is so expensive to resettle a region. Some problems I have like cost of resettling have been modded already.The game also has a good loyalty/civil war systemI don't inherently hate the DLC, for me it's the pricing of it. Like sure I'll buy a culture pack I guess for $2, but $8?? I mean the game sells for $45, which is less than many others that are around the range of $60, but $8 for a few near-identical factions seems ridiculous.So I have not bought the culture packs but the game is still quite fun. Am looking forward to playng it when I have more time to during the summer and interested to see what DLC campaigns come out"
76561198059022079,Recommended,325610,16441287,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Germanicus,"Really like this concept and would like to see more ""story driven"" releases.  The possibilities are endless for the future.  Roman and or Saxon Battle for Britain.  Viking Invasion for Atilla.  Germanic Wars.  March on Rome.  Wars of the East.  Dark Ages with the plague.  As I said.  Endless!!  Can't wait until Attila - The Last Roman Campaign Pack is released!!!"
76561198006804622,Not Recommended,325610,17422268,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Demoniceus,DLC FTL
,Not Recommended,325610,15492915,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Lego,"To see this review, buy the DLC & Whoring Pack for 9.99!"
,Not Recommended,325610,15992482,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Human,"*laughs* Okay guys, THAT was a good joke. Now that we have had a nice laugh, let's see the actual game.Wait.. no.. this can't be the game! Where are my Viking countries? (that will be $8)Where are the German tribes? (another $8 please)The Celts? (you know the deal by now, $8)At least we still have blood in this game.. wait, no? We don't now? Well, I see you guys mixed it up this time, it's only $3 for minor animations.Now that I've just bought all of this DLC, I can now enjoy my sweet lack of customer service, as a new game with Day 1 DLC's is going to be released! Wootwoot!No, but seriously; I love paying an extra $27 for my already outrageously priced Rome II clone."
76561197996295745,Recommended,325610,16918257,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Shenpai 쉔파이,"A lot better in comparison to Rome 2 which I still heartily enjoyed. The campaign makes you want to play the harder more interesting Factions like the dying romans, the huns really add a new difficulty once they reach your lands, dealing with Attila is tough. The fixes are a welcome addition from a buggy previous game. I would definitely recommend this game.EDIT: The new freeLC is much better and actually makes up for the blaitant rip off Creative Assembly DLC they were releasing before. The free factions give a new way to play, especially Lakmids, playing as a puppet is a interesting concept."
76561198279204810,Not Recommended,325610,28607682,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,portakal,Complete disappointment for me. I was expecting it to be like medieval 2 but not even close.
76561197989651618,Recommended,325610,27692109,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SirNoggin,"I've played every Total War since Shogun 1: This ranks as my favourite.I had a hard time with the graphics and only got it running once I swapped out my old ATI for my new Nvidia 1060, but once on the 1060 it ran flawlessly.Haven't had as much fun playing a TW game ever. And they're all fantastic (Except Napoleon, way too linear), but this one really polishes the best bits of Empire, Rome 1, Rome 2 and Medieval 2, puts them all together, and adds some amazing factional politics as well, with really solid AI at the start.Rome 2 was incredible, but this is better in most senses of the word.I played through as the Saxons and the first 50 turns were murderously difficult to get larger, having to re-do maybe 30 saves amongst 50 turns.Super challenging, really engaging, the best UI in any Total War game to date, and the best Graphics.Best campaign I've ever played in a real time strategy game."
,Recommended,325610,14722605,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Drek,"Far better than Rome 2. This is the direction CA should be taking in future development. Love the diplomacy. Love the battles. One complaint. Optimization needs to be done BEFORE release. I am running a top of the line single gpu system and can still not max it out. Game developers should not create games that can not be run on current hardware. We as consumers put done significant money to future proof and keep our systems current in order to run todays games. If developers are releasing games made to be maxed out with futureistic graphics cards, I will not buy your game until its 2017. Dont future proof game graphics, I dont doubt that game devs can create a game that would not be runnable for another 50 years, but they shouldnt. MARKET TO YOUR TARGET DEMOGRAPHIC, and you want to sell games to people now. You push  for people to pre order. dont target to 2017 users when you release a game in 2015."
,Not Recommended,325610,28582566,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,"Sir Artemis, Lord of Traps","UI is vastly inferior to previous incarnations. Large, empty maps with uninspired design. Horrible missions and objectives like ""Survive"". If you liked previous Total War games, this game still might not be right for you. Not worth 20 dollars, not even worth 10."
76561198010459915,Recommended,325610,14828937,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Das Ist Un Ox,"Great game, for the thinking man..."
76561198112412023,Not Recommended,325610,31882247,Posted: 21 May,all,Skeeter,I can never really get into this game. Maybe its becaus my PC struggles to run it on full settings. The campaign is average as it feels like i have no control over what happens as it starts at the decline of the Romans and the rise of the huns. Regardless of how strong you are the huns will ♥♥♥♥ you so its kind of predictable and boring after a playthrough.
76561197977239738,Not Recommended,325610,33442001,Posted: 10 July,all,Turkish Delight,"The battles are just as fast, lacking in depth, and unsatisfying as in Rome 2. Numbers are all that matters and any impact of tactics is negated by the speed of individual unit fights. Shogun 1 had better battles. The strategic map is very pretty, and many of the balance issues seem to have been dealt with, but the battle just arent any fun. This is from the perspective of a total war fan who has had every game in the series and upgraded computers soley to be able to play the latest total war release.You'll have more fun playing the first Rome, and its expansion, accompanied by a great deal of mods. which brings up another massive failling of the newer total war games: lack of in depth mod support. Sure you can get new flags, new units and such from the workshop, but the campaign map and its mechanics can't be modified. I had bought this in anticipation of playing the middle earth mod in development, but when i learned that such a mod would never have a fully realized campaign like the awesome Third Age mod for Medieval 2, I returned it.The DLCs are a bunch of cash grabs for the most part, contrasting with the excellent expansions of past total war games, that added tons of content, usually in a stand alone package. (This is really a direct sequal to the barbarian invasion expansion for Rome 1, but it falls far behind that title in content, playable factions, and a fun battle system.)I just dont see how this gets so many pos reviews just for being more polished and less buggy than the trainwreck that was Rome 2.TLDR:  Inferior to older games in the series in almost every respect except for graphics. Do not believe the mostly pos rating."
76561198067760392,Not Recommended,325610,26271274,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Advent Mortal,"This IP goes down hill with every release i suggest sticking with medieval 2 or shogun 2 and not wasting your money on this tripe.The combat feels off as the units kinds of glob around, with cavalry and hounds being op. They make the fighting look fluid but the moment a unit finishes combat it just morphes back in formation and stands there with no option for standing orders apart from ai grouping, which is just a whole new kettle of fish in problems. just forming the units up into lines and formations feels like a chore and every step of the way every single order needs mirco management just so orders get followed out.thats not to even take into account the stupid diplomacy  and world map that feels like one big cluster. like why do i need an edict and that one specific noble just to keep order positive, why can't i just asign lords or mayors or eldars or something more flexible. in medival to had your lords that kept a city governed and a lord that commanded troops, none of this nonsensical tiny tree of officals that give buffs and then a limited amount of governers and a limited amount of generals."
76561198101214674,Not Recommended,325610,31183137,Posted: 16 April,all,Mo' Money-Mo' Lester,"Overall I really enjoy planing the Total War series, I've spend hundreds of hours playing Rome 1 and 2, Shogun 2 Empire and Napoleon. This review isn't going to be focused on the AI or gameplay of ATTILA, but on the way that the campaigns usually play out. I honestly thought that the last expansion for Rome 2 would be focused on Attila just like the original game, but CA decided to stretch as much money as they could from one small period of time, Now I wouldn't really have a problem with that, but in my opinion the time period really doesn't lend itself well to the series, and didn't really need a full game. First of all, 50% of the map is occupied by 3 different empires (E. Rome W. Rome and the Sassanids). With the exception the Sassanids these empires are almost completely incapable of defending themselves. This means that any campaign as the Romans starts with turn after turn of autoresolving battles that you have no chance of winning as barbarian hordes eat away at your empire. Now if you find a campaign like this interesting and your kind of challenge that's fine with me, but to me its just annoying, why bother playing as the Romans when your can't do anyting to keep your empire from being torn apart, either from corruption, barbarian conquest or public unrest. This is the first of many problem with the game, it's just boring and frustrating. The second problem with the game is that every other faction just has to capture or raze one undefended settlement after another. It doesn't feel fulfilling or satisfying in any way whatsoever. Of course CA can try to spin this lack of variety in campaign mechanics by simpy stating in the games description: ""Your World Will Burn"" and ""Sweep Oppression From The World"" but just adding exciting blurbs into the description won't add any replay value for me. Once again the game is just autoreslove after autoresolve. So campaigns as the big factions are boring and frustrating, and campaigns as small factions are boring and empty. Of course you can say that the late game gets better, and it does in most cases. Just to make things clear, if you find the game interesting and worth the money, I'm happy for you! But in my own opinion I don't find the game worth it, especially when the first hour+ of every game you play is bland and unexciting, so why torture yourself with the first hour+ of play when you can just play any other game in the series?"
76561198021769620,Not Recommended,325610,31327228,Posted: 23 April,all,absoluteevents,"I love all TW games and have put alot of time into them over the years, but unfortunately my time with this seriousis coming to an end. I purchased the latest gaming laptop for the purpose of playing TW with no issues.And as they say ""Murffies Law"" I HAVE HAD NOTHING BUT ISSUES!!From the game crashing to now two of the three TW games I have not even starting up.I have Rome 2, Attila and Warhammer.And as I said before ""Murffies Law"" the only one working is Warhammer and that is the one I enjoy the least.What upsets me the most is I am lost in trying to sort this out. I have got advice from other players of whom I am grateful too for trying to help me resolve this issue. I have also found other players with the same problems.If the game does not work then surely I am not asking to much if I want a refund. Don't get me wrong it KILLS me to ask for one because I really do enjoy these games so much. It's my down time, my brain gets to relax and consentrate on just taking over the world.If there is anyone who may be able to shed light on the situation I would be forever grateful. If not then wish me luck on getting my refund.All the best from a very disappointed Total War fan..."
76561198014721034,Not Recommended,325610,29533160,Posted: 27 January,all,KGCJacoo,"When on sale I purchased two copies of this with the DLCs for me and a friend as we wanted a modern Total War to multiplayer in. This game is a huge step backwards even from Total Wars as old as Medieval 2. There are huge gliches, unwarranted limitations, and the new features are clunky and annoying to have to deal with.Cities and settlements are limited to very small amounts of buildings, most of which are taken up with the necessary food, sanitation, and public order buildings.Generals have armies, not the other way around. The number of Generals and Admirals are severly limited making it impossible to defend provinces and launch large scale invasions. (The more powerfull you are the more Generals/Admirals you are allowed to have, making it really hard to fight people much more powerfull than you)To change a general, the whole army has to be disbanded.Skills trees have no logical flow whatsoever, forcing every character to be a well rounded good at nothing waste.Missing/not avalible diplomacy options at random.Multiplayer campaign map rotation glichesInability to make/break certain alliances in multiplayer campaigns.To many unecessary clicks for the player not in action during multiplayer campaignsLossing connection in multiplayer when the game is minimizedYes, there are lots of mods to fix some of these, but I did not pay for the game to have to search and test endless mods before I was happy with what I got."
76561198011670906,Not Recommended,325610,14568274,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Og,"Thumbs down. I havnt liked totalwar since shogun two. i feel they try to hard and know full well theey have about 50 bits of dlc they will drip feed us. I was band from most of the forums for saying that about rome 2 before it realese. When it was realesed... they drip fed us 50 bits of dlc and i bet they do the same again. wrongens.The game is quite fun. graphic are nice bearing in mind u have a rig good enough. all that was wrong with Rome 2 the put right here. fo some reason i prefer the old battles i had on shougun 2, rome1, medievel2. i have played athis game about 4 hours everyday since release, it lacks soul. It is fun. it just lacks somthing im unsure of what. i think maybe im frustrated by the fact that the creators have no integrity. Sombody needs to iniciate the ""decimation"" policy on the staff there."
76561197998251808,Not Recommended,325610,31140130,Posted: 14 April,all,Unguided,"Stupid amounts of DLC. Autoresolve incredibly unrealistic, you'll have full stacks taken out with 25 enemy casulities. Runs like sh** on AMD processers, repetitive unit lineups too."
76561197974535749,Not Recommended,325610,33973520,Posted: 2 August,all,revil,"It is a pitty, this game is riddled with annoying little bugs.Sometimes the team hotkeys during a battle are screwed up, sometimes it freezes during the campaign, sometimes it's just annoyingly stupid.I tried it several times along the last years and it always ends with me raging out because of these little annoyances.The DLC policy is, of course, bold like always."
,Recommended,325610,15171513,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,BlckKnight67,"Another solid Total War game. I have played all of the TW games since discovering Rome I. I think there are some new features that are a welcome addition, such as the more in-depth family managment, and the ability to change religion/migrate."
,Recommended,325610,34702320,Posted: 2 September,all,Jack the Ripper,So good strategy game.. 8/10
76561198281260142,Recommended,325610,31730643,Posted: 13 May,all,weeveegms,PLease make this game go on sale for like a day cuz my friend is poor and he likes to play minecarft and this game is half a thousand so if this goes on salre for maybe just a few days i woukd be veway happy for mi life. please if u have the timer put it on sale so tehn my poor freidn can buy it thank u for playing this game is good happy job.
76561197994424968,Not Recommended,325610,29803739,Posted: 9 February,all,bingavtoski,"Meh. I liked shogun a lot. Attila is decent but the gameplay doesn't feel the same. I got a good deal for it so it was an overally positive experience, however, I would not reccomend buying the games for more than 15 bucks."
76561198061804836,Recommended,325610,16731120,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,bluej,"Great game. The only issue is that the developers release the game and expect the gamer to purchase all the qoute ""DLC"" and the DLC is usually bogus; things that should have been included with the game to make the experience everything expected and more. An example is the blood and gore expansion. I mean really? They could'nt include this with the game? A great example of a proper DLC that is worth paying for is Fallout 3 Game Of The Year Gold Edition. The expansion includes several missions and campaigns that extend the game in several aspects adding 80+ hours of worthwhile gameplay.In the end, I love all Total War games and support their efforts, but how about they start respecting the player by adding the DLC that is expected with the game (factions, soundtracks and additional graphic upgrades). Just charge 10-15 bucks more if necessary with initial purchase. Console games are 60$ plus (up to 120$ if you buy accessories specific to game with purchase). If the PC gaming commmunity is to survive then PC gammers need to be respected and their wants attended too. Lets get real, and do this RIGHT!"
76561198081193112,Recommended,325610,20517175,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Professional Hater,i cant read
,Not Recommended,325610,21174040,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,completely tilted,"A total waste of money!!Even after buying this game, i cant play it as it says that the game is corrupted and i should buy original game (seriously?)Tried uninstalling and redownloading entire game...Didnt helpSupport says did you restart your laptop? wow!Never buying anything ever from SEGA!"
76561198199007105,Recommended,325610,20417727,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,aklewis2000,"I just realized, this is Barbarian invasion from the original Rome: Total War. This= very good game."
76561198010456370,Not Recommended,325610,18325658,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,OdinValhalla,"honestly i like the factions but for ""teaching new players"" it does a horrible  job honestly i feel me and my fiance wasted our money on this game."
,Not Recommended,325610,18270006,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Gamechanger,"Garbage, unplayable garbage, hordes get massive bonuses, untill of course the AI decides to gang stalk and gang up on you with multiple factions. Don't bother to settle any cities, they cost too much to upkeep and you will never make that much anyways, reason being unlimited armies attacking you from everywhere. I haven't even seen much of a hunic invasion, the european tribes have big enough armies to whipe you out when they gang up on youas it is, and they do. Even if you eradicate scorched earth policy one tribe another will take it's place to eagerly declare war on you and send countless overpowered agents to ruin your day. The AI also seems to have unlimited funds to buy anything it wants. So when you are spawned with countless low level agents killing off high ranking generals or poisoning your cities and impeding movement while more and more armies approach you are basically at zero chance of winning, did I mention making money is hard? And how you need it immensly to survive? Oh, yeah, I thought I'd run around europe burning and pillaging and making a ton of cash then settling, then 10 armies attacked me from all sides in two turns and killed me off ompletely. Yeah, challenging. I bought this at a discount and still feel ripped off."
76561198124831272,Recommended,325610,28887410,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Ciniod of Pictland,Definitely one of my favourite strategy of all time. Great gameplay and interesting ingame dillemas.
76561198081454945,Recommended,325610,28939102,Posted: 2 January,all,Praetor XII,Total War: Attila is by far the best TW game in a string of somewhat disappointing games in the 2010 era of CA's TW games.Pluses+Dark Campaign map and battlefied is gorgeous.+Large assortment of Factions varying in culture+HUGE unit choices+Family Tree has returned.+Politics and loyalty can present a challenge.+Attila is truly a destroyer of world's can throw a huge wrench in your plans.+Horde mode is interesting and very challenging.+DLC offered by CA is a must buy (Especially Age of Charlemagne)+Campaign map is hugeNegatives-Terrible Optimization-AI won't settle in razed settlements.-AI diplomacy needs work-Forcing AI to go horde can cause them to get stuck in oceans.-AI will move stacks across the map just to attack you.Overall I highly recommend you purchase this game. Truly a gem among turds.
,Recommended,325610,28888142,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Yeti,One of the better total war games.
,Recommended,325610,25058797,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Galthor,Few improvements over Rome 2... It's aight
,Recommended,325610,25372214,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,allahuaktrigg22,"Looking back at Attila TW, it really is a solid game. Improved upon Rome 2 tremendously. I think part of the reason why many people gave it bad reviews was simply because they didn't want another Rome era game, which is kinda understandable."
76561198130568315,Recommended,325610,25466670,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,FaZe DoubleDrat,This is definatly a game worth picking up.
76561198069313020,Recommended,325610,25525874,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Denoboi Creamer,Best one in the franchise after Medieval II ofc
76561197998240742,Recommended,325610,25389277,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,[RSL] MAJOR KILGORE,"I love this game so much if I had to choose between it and my wife it might be a toss up.  j/k  Especially with the addition of the North Western european barbarians, this game is fantastic.  I delayed buying it because I was not initially that interested in Attila, but when i saw that I could play as the Saxons competing with other tribes and a decaying Western Roman Empire, I was sold.  Shortly thereafter I was hooked worse than a junkie with a meth/crack combo pack."
76561198212554795,Recommended,325610,34230446,Posted: 14 August,all,THEdevilRE,the game very cool
,Recommended,325610,34236343,Posted: 14 August,all,UFO skywalker,"more, more show me more..."
,Recommended,325610,24955705,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,El Palmero,I like.
76561198071676994,Not Recommended,325610,22154843,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Darkeye223,why you no ship full game CA?
76561198118579358,Not Recommended,325610,21051639,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Tyrion_Lord_Imp,"I will not and cannot recommend this game until CA optimizes this game and take back their BS excuse that this game is made for the ""next generation of cards..."", which is basically saying that ""we're too lazy to optimize our crap"".I have a 980Ti and i7 6700. While I can play Rome 2 on max settings 60FPS, this is impossible in Attila, I get less than 20 FPS and 10 FPS when zoomed into battles. The issue lies with terrible optimization for multicore CPU that causes bottleneck. The issue got fixed with R2 Emperor Edition because of the terrible backlash.Well guess what, CA definitely learned its lession, FOR THE WORSE. It still chose to release a broken product, but instead of acknolwedgeing the issues, which will force it to fix them, it says that the game isn't even made for the current gen, so BLAME YOUR HARDWARE if your game's performance sucks. For sure, this game plays smoothly if you have a water-cooled rig with 4,9 GHz and high end GPU (GPU's not that important for this game). But not everyone has these monsters, and if I can play Rome 2 60FPS, I don't know why I can't play this HALF the FPS its predecessor had (I'm not asking a lot!)Honestly this game is better in R2 in many ways, but a slideshow of pretty images ain't worth your money."
76561198013073340,Recommended,325610,19257329,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,TheWarFOG,best total war so far love it
,Recommended,325610,28875691,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,KETLORD,Attila is standard.You will have 4 hours of good fun and then it will be ruined by the♥♥♥♥♥♥AI
,Recommended,325610,15237144,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Draetor,"This is absolutely the best TW released to date.First of all, the release of the product was polished and playable (unlike Rome2 TW).  Secondly, the game's inherent mechanics make it very fun, challenging, and entertaining to play long campaigns.  This is the first TW game I sat and played 220hrs straight before taking a break with another game.- The unit rosters are huge, and offer a lot of variety.  They made the units more rock-paper-scissor so that you can counter units easily.- Cavalry and the 'Charge' stat are actually useful for the first time in a TW series.- The AI and path finding are worlds better than other TW games.- The AI are actually smart and difficult on the campaign map.  No more idling and boredom.- The option to raze, sack, loot, or occupy settlements creates a diversified map including barren lands you can resettle, and different unique benefits to each faction (like increased looting income for barbarian type factions).- Each faction/culture is much more unique than other games.  Even the challenges, objectives, unique units and overall goals make each campaign different.  No more boredom!- I find myself playing out more battles rather than autocalc due to the more fun and engaging battles with my units.Overall, I find it interesting that those who provide negative reviews have still played the game so much, and yet still complain.  Have they not gotten their dollar worth of entertainment?  Almost every TW game released gets negative reviews from its fans, yet they still play....and still play....and still buy the next one."
,Recommended,325610,14536247,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Rob,"Total War: Attila at first seems like just an expansion to Rome II. It does, in fact, take place directly after the events that transpired in Rome II. The gameplay looks similar and I had no problems getting down to business. Mostly getting my Vikings slaughtered on the field of battle, but that’s just Total War for you. As I said, the map movement, UI, and combat operate just as Rome II did. That is where the similarity stops. The political system has been overhauled and offers a bunch of different options from marrying off your kinsman, assassinating them, or gaining their support. Similar to Rome II after a couple of patches, but this system feels much more refined. It also allows you to see if your cousins and uncles are going to come chop your head off because you made some bad decisions, i.e. civil war. The battles seem to be very much the same, but additions like the icons that indicate which directions your soldiers are facing were much needed, and a welcomed improvement. The unit tiles also give you a little extra information regarding their strength and demeanor. I have seen many people complaining about performance, and yes there is a bit of stuttering when you end turn. Just like every other Total War game that’s been released in the last 2 or 3 years. They just like to future proof their products, and I can’t blame them for that. I look forward to the future of this game, and for all of the TW's to come.9/10"
76561198094439921,Not Recommended,325610,17310736,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Computer Morty,"I love the Total War series of games. Specifically the GRAND campaigns. Sadly the grand campaign in this one is very underwhelming. Factions you can choose from are boring not to mention you dont get to select from many. The Graphics and new features are awesome, however it does not save this game. Save your money and just play total war 2, gives you alot more scenarios to choose from and leads to many different outcomes with only slightly worse graphics and features."
,Recommended,325610,19467775,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Carnivorous,Best vanilla Total War to date.
76561198065222993,Recommended,325610,14741246,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,MadGodSheogorath,"Attila is proof to us all, CA's still got it :)"
76561198071884810,Recommended,325610,14727882,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Iron Hand,Pretty good game better than Rome 2 much better gameplay and expansion. Sassanid Empire best faction by far
76561198075479944,Recommended,325610,14745886,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,semarTNatang,nicegame!!!
76561198009828777,Recommended,325610,14955528,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Camel Toe,whelp its official CA is doing it again making folks pay to play factions already in the game... If I didnt like the TW brand they would not be getting any money from me but nobody else does a game like this and its everything and more than what you would expect from CA...however theyre just after your money so be ready to pay 7 bucks every other week when they release content thats already in the box CHEERS! Im giving a recomend but border line not recomend due to the aforementioned DLC garbage
76561198157302364,Recommended,325610,34581012,Posted: 29 August,all,kulala,why steam attila can not start the game
76561198096284848,Recommended,325610,34719592,Posted: 3 September,all,Keepyourvirginitypleasethankyou,♥♥♥♥ my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198158024447,Recommended,325610,34728611,Posted: 3 September,all,migos Culture,Very good gem
76561198071069572,Recommended,325610,22225414,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,csf60,"Definately an improvement over Total War: Rome II, gameplay wise. Other than that, it's pretty much the same game with a different historical setting. That is why it has so many negative reviews, but it's a solid game in my opinion. Don't buy the DLC though."
76561198013730851,Not Recommended,325610,22617726,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Underheaven,"Not having played TW games for a good number of years and starting again with Arena and after that this one, I start my very first game on Hard with the Huns.A couple of turns later I got 1 of my 3 armies down to the Balkans near Constantinople and face two generals who come at me with full armies at once. Since essentially all my troops are mounted, I advance toward the enemy in full speed. Once I get close, I am able to draw out the enemy cavalry and start kiting them backwards so that they keep chasing me. Once removed from the main body, I quickly surround them with my superior cavalry numbers and route and obliterate them completely.After that I start advancing toward the main body of legionaries and start adopting a crescent type of formation, splitting their battle line and leaving the general exposed  who now ends in a position at the focal point of the emerging crescent, away from his troops and vulnerable to my cavalry units that quickly manuever around and overwhelm the generals unit. A moment later the generals unit is routing and the general dies before his infantry units are able to come to his aid. The general dead, all those legionaries start routing and all I have to do is chase them down and obliterate their numbers.Do the same for the other army that comes to reinforce in the same battle.The entire Eastern Roman main army is destroyed with only minimal casualties on my side. The legendary ""impregnable"" city of Constantinople is now exposed with only 3 units to guard it. That was the end of the most powerful faction in the game.Rinse and repeat with every other empire I come in contact with, same tactic. Before Atilla even gets born I've destroyed half of the great empires in the world. The AI just feels way to stupid, this game had been out for some time and they still can't make the general understand that he shouldn't remain isolated from the main body of his troops who chase around horses on the map like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ chickens?All major battles feel so anti-climactic, conquering Constantinople felt... nothing, trivial. I knew starting on a higher difficulty wouldn't change anything since the flaw is in how the computer makes its decisions in the battlefield and not some issue with balance of strength on soldiers.Haven't had any incentive to play the game after that, to easy, because the AI has a core critical flaw which is to easy to exploit and the soldiers just go on a mass route immediately after their general gets killed.Apart from that I could have given this game an 8/10, but now, being an old Rome1 TW fan, feels like I'm playing an old, large, clumsy and stupid game. And the unit voice responses just feel awful for the Huns and other non western nations, they feel ridiculous, nothing like strong willed and highly skilled steppe warriors. ""Saaans ouv TEEeeEEnngriii!!"", ""Kjill kjill kjill!"", ""Harriii naouw qwukliiii!""... oh heaven... almost(?) bigotry/racism..."
,Not Recommended,325610,34202294,Posted: 12 August,all,EggPlantWings35,Consits a reskin of rome 2 with new optionsProsits a reskin of rome 2 with new options
76561198139918880,Not Recommended,325610,23089581,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,TR-8R,"I'll keep this briefTerribly gameplay balancingBuildings in grand campaign have absurd negative effectsThe graphics are good but everything looks ugly (Gray, gray, and more gray)Auto resolve is hopelessly brokenReligion, especially Christianity is a chore at best if not not an out right menace to your empire, so forget role playing as a Chrisitan Roman Empire without shooting yourself in the footDon't even get me started on the climate changeBuildings cost WAY TOO MUCH FOODWith climate change there IS NO FOODAttila is fun for 5 minutes until he starts spawning his infinite death stacksLearning how to build nicer churches makes you forget how to make concretePlagues are a nightmare in the middle of war, if your army gets sick you might as well disband itTHERE IS NO FACTION VARIETY IN EUROPE JUST GERMANS AND ROMANSSteven Hawking runs better than this game, like holy god, this is like the ARMA of strategy games in all of the worst waysIn conclusionI hate this game, I really didn't want to but I do, I played so many hours fooling myself into thinking I liked it but I didn't. Every game felt like a chore, it's boring, terribly balanced and sub par total war game.4/10Go play Rome 2 or wait for Warhammer"
76561198007870311,Recommended,325610,16200948,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Zandaril,Liked it.
76561198131000323,Recommended,325610,32064929,Posted: 30 May,all,qneXus37,"Good strategy game overall but it's too sad to have so little competition in this field and so little courage to elaborating some innovative ideas for the strategy gamplay overall. After all it's always the same good and bad stuff of the whole series just with new decorations. TOW A is a good game, don't get me wrong. But the problem is it's the only one of its kind, and developers are way too shy in pushing forward this genre.  Too sad, too sad... this is what i believe."
76561198054145322,Not Recommended,325610,16502163,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Vou comer duas véias,"This is what Rome 2 should've been but I have to give it a thumbs down because of all this DLC whoring. What happened to expansion packs filled with content? Bring them back and stop chopping the ♥♥♥♥ing game into little pieces, for ♥♥♥♥s sake!!! CA deserves a double thumbs down for the mess they've made regarding Rome 2 in the past."
76561198203284493,Recommended,325610,30386664,Posted: 7 March,all,theromanmaster,Good like like right me total war barbarian invasion
,Recommended,325610,14616172,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,PuG,Really fun and different game serious and Atilla definately brings alot to the table. Just a little sad to see DLC already rolling out only a week after release. . . What about some free DLC considering we payed 50$ for the game already. Anyways awesome game just be prepared to buy all the DLC if you dont wanna be forcibly left out
,Recommended,325610,14820617,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Zlobny,Don't play as Hunns and Sassanids. Otherwise 9/10
,Recommended,325610,14926894,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Szpw,"When I first heard of it I was expecting it to be too similar to Rome II but CA really nailed it with this one.  It's fun, unique, has TONS of new content and features and is honestly one of the best total war games yet.  I'd highly recommend."
76561198080264744,Recommended,325610,14787810,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Zanios,"I love this game, if you like battle of nothing but fire and death and chaos get the game and play it and watch armies fall and empires burn!"
76561197988927906,Not Recommended,325610,14680439,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,BloodPanda,"Another greed title by CA/Sega.If you buy this title get ready to be taken to the woodshed. Pay the cost for the base game and then find out that there are barely any faction choices to play as...they will charge you even more money just to add in factions that were supposed to be in the original game but they hacked them out so they could rob you later.The diversity in units is lacking, the gameplay is buggy but not as bad as Rome II on launch...CA has become a bunch of greedy devs though and this will be the last CA/Sega title I ever buy."
76561198152593970,Recommended,325610,14787257,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,AmericaIsAwesome,"Total War: ATTILA has made me feel awesome. The mechainics, the gameplay, the factions, the setting, all of it is good."
,Recommended,325610,14628549,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Dovahbear,"They fixed almost all of Rome's bugs in this game, for I have only encountered one AI bug yet. It is a shame that releasing a complete game is an achievement for a once great company. Furthermore, the root of the problem that lead to Rome's downfall is still here in Attila: greed before quality. This releasing of Day One DLC, followed by the release of a faction pack for eight bucks is criminal. When a game is released it should be released with all elements that are complete at that time. DLC is for content that was incomplete at or developed after its release date. CA, stop this. As a matter of principle, I shall not buy any of these Unit Packs, but only DLC that is honest. The game mechanics are much more refined than Rome. The atmosphere is wonderful even on the potato that I run this game on. There are some minor problems with tactical AI and unit stats, but they are a reasonable amount to have before the first patch. For example, the Defensive Testudo is OP, occassionally units in the Defensive Testudo turn in place, exposing their flank to the enemy, and I have had an AI unit of lancers work their way behind my lines, form up, and then just stand ten yards behind my men instead of charging. The main improvements in this game are in politics and the economy. With this, I have no complaints and only praise. Both are complicated, hard to handle, but fair and reasonable in their operation. In other words, they are just what economic and political mechanics should  be. This is a solid 8/10 game. It is a shame that CA peaked with Shogun II though. I urge CA to return to the Spirit of Shogun, the Spirt of Excellence, and put the game before a quick buck, lest they drive loyal customers like me away. You broke my trust with Rome II, CA, and while Attila convinced me that there is still hope for you, it has not restored that trust."
76561198024310733,Recommended,325610,14628587,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Der Kommissar☭,"Total War: ATTILA has been a pleasant suprise for me. Though the game is not ""completely new,"" I can't help but say how much fun it is playing this game. Whether you play as the Roman Empire desperetly trying to maintain its large borders, the Norsemen from Sweden, and Denmark, or even the Scourge of God, the huns, the campaign feels amazing to play. The game plays very similar to Total War: Rome II, but then again this was to be expected. A good comparison to this game would be how Napoleon was to Empire.ATTILA's RankingsBugs/Glitches - 9/10   Through my playing of this game, I have not encountered many bugs, and most of them were graphical bugs that should be fixed in a patch or two.Graphics - 8/10 Though the graphics are very similar to Rome II, ATTILA has a darker and sharper feeling than its predecessor. The only problem with them is that occasionally, I get a random frame drop when I zoom into the action, but if you have a nice computer, you should be able to run this with ease.Gameplay (Battle) - 7/10 ATTILA has made some progress over Rome II, however the battlefield AI is still not perfect and will sometimes make headscratching decisions. Despite a few flaws, the AI is very playable and a large step up from Rome II.Campaign - 8/10 For me, ATTILA's campaign rivals such great campaign experiences of Shogun 2 and Empire Total War. I have found that (On Hard Difficulty) the AI makes clever moves and usually presses the advantage when it has an obvious one. A drawback to the experience is that it sometimes feels that a nation will declare war on you for almost no reason at all. The diplomatic system in ATTILA is, however improved. AI now make reasonable demands and will atempt to make peace if they are losing the war badly.Interface - 10/10 In ATTILA the interface and advisor help have been fantastic. Even though I do not need to use the advisor helpthat much as i am an experienced total war player, it helped me through the new features of the game in detail.FINAL ATTILA RATING - 8.5/10 The game is beautiful and fun, however i believe that the slight lack of AI inteligence and minor glitches bump it down a notch.How ATTILA stacks up against other totals wars ive played (Based on fun factor ive experienced.)Rome 1 < ATTILAMedieval 2 < ATTILAEmpire > ATTILANapoleon < ATTILAShogun 2 > ATTILARome 2 < ATTILAATTILA beats 4/6 Total War Games. (67%)"
76561198012832740,Recommended,325610,14779162,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,EyeHearShapes,I disliked Rome2. Its felt like a step backwards in the total was franchise. They took away the RPG elements i liked from Rome1 and medieval 2 and the units felt bland and generic. I expected more detailed settlments from rome 2 but they ended up feeling generic. Attila feels like the game rome 2 should have been. I love how settlement minor to large are structured and the RPG elements are more fleshed out. I almost didnt buy this game because of how rome left a bad taste in my mouth. I'm thanful i did because i couldnt be more pleased that CA is getting back on track to what i like after shogun 2 took them off course.
76561198026045229,Recommended,325610,14794989,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,jhgamm,"This game is a fantastic improvement in the total war series. The internal politics add an extra strategic element to the game, and the AI is much more intelligent in diplomacy. A faction leaders' traits play a big part in diplomacy, for example they may be intolerant of other religions, which may make peace less likely with that faction. The visuals really draw you in on the campaign map and on the battle map. Each faction has at least one strong bonus that you can use to your advantage. The game gives you short term goals to reach in the campaign which I enjoy trying to make happen. The biggest improvement is in the diversity of the units. All the factions feel unique. Such a cool period of history to play out as well."
,Recommended,325610,14641055,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Dale,"So im going to give this game an upvote, because it is a big improvement over Rome 2, it is actually quite a nice game and decent gameplay, AI, graphics are better etc.Overall a big improvement.What however am I not happy on?Mainly the fact that they are bit feeding us the factions via DLC, DLC which was developed much earlier along the development path than the release date.Day 1 Viking Forefathers Culture pack (17th Feb)Day 7 Longbeards Culture Pack (26th Feb)So whats next guys? 7 days after that we get drip fed another DLC, each time unlocking more units?Currently as it stands this is mocking us, paying full price for essentially a fixed Rome 2 and then drip feeding us the factions that are supposed to come with the game?I can understand campaign packs or new factions which clearly werent made for day 1 release date, but witholding factions and releasing them bit by bit, especially when the factions are already full of copy paste units?Of course someone in CA listens somewhere finally, otherwise Attila wouldn't be the game we wanted from Rome 2 (still a few bits missing sure but were closer), so we can sit and hope that they value long term gains over short term gains.We will see."
76561198166967704,Not Recommended,325610,14641703,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,warsawfrance,"this review is in english and spanishthe game is good: good graphics,interesting campaing,cool factions,beautifulls videosSo where is the problem?-many, but many bugs-IA is really bad (legendary)-DLC: the game has 7 days,and he have yet 2 dlc seriously CA? And it cost much money.I dont understand why i buy Total War Attila and dont have the complete game,these dlc must be in the game or be free!-Mac Multiplayer: I have a mac and i cannot play multiplayer because there is nobody,if we cant play multiplayer in mac i want a discount of the game,Total War Attila need a cross-platform multiplayerps: if you have a mac please contact me to play :)Españolel juego es bueno,buenos graficos,campaña interesante,factiones chulas,videos impresionantes.Entonces en donde esta el problema?-muchos bugs tanto en campaña,videos de introduction y batallas vs IA-La IA es muy mala (legendaria)-DLC: el juego tiene 7 dias y ya tiene 2 dlc -.- ademas que cuestan caros.No entiendo porque compro Total War Atilla si no tengo el juego completo,esos dlc tendrian que estar incluidos en el juego o ser gratis!-Multijugador Mac: No se puede jugar el multijugador en la mac,porque no hay nadie si no se puede jugar multijugador que me den un descuento,Total War Attila necesita  una multiplataforma!ps: si teneis mac contactame para poder jugar :)"
,Not Recommended,325610,16856113,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Jiang Ziya,"Are you fu***** kidding me SEGA ?This is just ROME II with Family Tree, the rest are just different skins and models.Eh I forgot,WITH THE VERY SAME DLC BOMBARDMENT !!!The performance is even worse than ROME II, hell why don't you just support and fix ROME II instead making a basically same game but with Family Tree as the only addition ?Unit Collision only improved slightly, the kill animation is now less than ROME II but still the battle pitched one on one animation between soldiers, that alone ruins the dynamism of the battle.MONEYYou want to cash out more money from us that want Family Tree !It's a shame the practical business you do SEGA.Just, just don't buy this game, If you have ROME II, you will get similar experience but with worse performance.Update : Even at this late, there is no more patch or fix. The performance is very atrocious, way more so than ROME II. CA really abandons this game. Lesson learned painfully, I will never again give my money to all of CA / SEGA product. The truly great Total War titles are from 2000 until 2007, after that it goes downhill and just a cash cow of the franchise.Mark my word : They simply don't care if their games are optimised or not as long as they get your money and this policy will continue to their future product as well."
76561198039381806,Recommended,325610,14517404,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Peryn,Good game. But again bagging and crashing. No lesson till Rome. Waiting againg a year for good game? Shame on you :(
76561198020272944,Not Recommended,325610,14666326,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Machiavelli,"I could go into a whole lot of detail on why this game is bad but anyone that has been a total war fan from the start know.I have been a fan of this series since the Original Shogun Total war. This company no longer cares about the game or the consumer, they make games, and then pile on DLC for money and that is all it is now. What were there like 12 DLCs for Rome 2? Some of which had units that were SPECIFICALLY SAID and SHOWN to be in the game before it was released.  Paying for the blood setting that used to be included in the game? Paying for extra factions that should have been in the game. No more. I will never buy another total war game again. I advise free torrents for any game made by this company until they release a full, working game with features that are supposed to be in the game. Creative Assembly can choke on a D. Greedy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥EDIT: The people who are saying this is more like Shogun 2 than Rome 2 must have never played Shogun 2. This game isn't even comparable to Shogun 2.Its comparable to the initial release of Rome 2. And to be honest Rome 2 Emperor Edition blows this away."
76561198008502179,Not Recommended,325610,14609882,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Tidus,"Try to play it and crashes right away, i have the recommended specs and still doesnt work!Try to get a refund or tell someone from steam that its not working, and the support loggin doesnt work! Even when its a brand new password and loggin.If someone knows the problem feel free to message, otherwise I wouldnt reconmend this game."
76561198012571341,Recommended,325610,14629965,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,OzzyFirery,"Honestly what Rome II should've been at launch, especially considering they stuck with the warscape engine."
,Recommended,325610,14642828,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,LionHeart,"This is one of the best of the Total War series. It brings back and expands on many great features of previous titles plus many new ones while offering a well polished game. A good buy for any fan of the series or fan of grand strategy games.The only major complaint I would have would be the lack of factions for the obvious intent of selling them for lots of extra money later on. Saddly this is the reality of the game industry these days. Even so, there are enough base fations to keep you busy and get all of the enjoyment out of the game. Just wait for future sales to get the expainsion factions if you want them."
,Recommended,325610,14769748,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,The Kota Bear,Game=good.
76561198084742086,Recommended,325610,14771116,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Gelato,This game is a step up from the last one.
,Recommended,325610,14616517,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,| SYNTHETICAL |,"BOOM! The game is fantastic! Have you ever wanted to rule an empire and expand beyond your borders with either the option to make peace with them or destroy them! Not much need be said about it, it's just great!"
,Recommended,325610,14628580,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Cresden,Like Medieval but with Huns. 10/10
76561198047160058,Recommended,325610,14773450,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,JadeWarrior,"A short playtime feedback. The huns and the nomadic era have a historical thing for me and the representation of this period is pretty impressive. Dark armor tones, flameable objects, the more dominant role of cavalry on the battlefield, wandering hordes and others events make me experience true barbarism while playing as Rome is one of the most challenging Total War experience ever. The strategical map has improved a lot since Rome II, new features and YES family trees are getting you closer to your characters and you can have more influence on their fates. However the tactical part is still struggling with the same issues. Siege defence is a joke on any difficulty because sometimes the AI attacks in waves for no reason (and we got snipers in the towers) and pathfinding of soldiers is sometimes ridiculous. A great little thing for me is that we got civilians in the cites under siege!!! And also we can set them on fire with catapults and they grab swords against invading soldeirs.Ultimately I recommend this game. CA has done great, I personally loved Rome II and played around 400 h and this game is far more polished. I miss the Shogun II like multiplayer and DLC policy is questionable."
76561198014191143,Recommended,325610,14788859,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,pokebenmon,This is a great game and a huge step forward. It improves on Rome 2 in almost every way. The addition of the family tree gives the game an rpg like element which I love. The graphics are also better and the horde feature is really unique and fun to play with. Many people have been giving this game thumbs down due to the DLC. I agree DLC is pretty much a cash grap but you don't have to get it. It isn't mandatory. The game should be judged itself by its own merits not judged by the optional DLC.
,Recommended,325610,14517034,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,RediT12,"My king became blind, used his wife to assissinate him. 10/10"
76561198042644742,Recommended,325610,14799700,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,dugankowal1,"So far its a great game, just started playing a few days ago.  Narative is excellent in the prologue, graphics are top notch considering how much I can zoom in and out.  The game is difficult, as I'm new to the Total War interface and set up.  It's detailed and complex, but very engrossing."
76561198006917691,Recommended,325610,14766886,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Jackalen,"A great addition to the Total War series. Stable launch, interesting time period, and unique features (the family tree is back!) that makes the grand campaign and battles really fun! Also, the music is great, fitting for the time period and is immensely enjoyable, Richard Beddow really outdid himself this time.Total War: Attila feels more like a ""survival"" strategy game than a ""empire building"" one, which in itself gives you a unique, apocalyptic and a immersive atmosphere compared to all the other Total War games. Beware the hordes! (or play as one!)I strongly recommend Total War: Attila if you are a fan of the total war games, the time period, or in turnbased/real-time strategy games in general."
76561197997252324,Not Recommended,325610,18021749,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,l@l@,This game is great but the Diplomacy is weird in the game Factions Just killing their self like suicideby fighting to their last Soldier like it the damn end of the World and Peace it's just a word for them.positive things about this game is it have a better units and fix most of the problem from Rome 2.Attila havea good Political System and better Family tree reminds me a little bit of Medieval II Total War and Rome.but i think it's worth to buy only Attila and not the DLC don't be a fool don't buy the DLC.and for God sake please Sega STOP WITH THE DLC.
76561198095022453,Not Recommended,325610,18034044,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,SevenLeafChief,"There were so many bugs they refused to fix.Just kept pushing dlc smack on the corner, trying to make a buck without care of the quality of their product.They got us hooked on TW games and knew we'd keep buying to get our fix.DLC on day 1, that'll be extra for the good stuff!!!Dlc for blood, dlc for vomit, more money for my top shelf product it's the bees knees!!!Bugs were plenty in it, crawling everywhere, but we didn't care we needed our TW fix.Finally they have removed most of the bugs(after they were done cranking dlc, oh wait actually they still arent done another dlc product in the pipe!)And at the end of the day, I can say the unit rosters are shallow, they clearly spent more attention on creating more dlc than fixing their bugs during the first year this game was out. The AI is not great but is pretty challenging on legendary.Legendary autosaves every moment tho creating a thousand annoying stutters on campaign map even on ssd.If you want your total war fix and don't care that the dealer of it doesnt give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about you just wants your cash and is fine with leaving bugs in their products so that they can make more dlc for more cash instead then sure go ahead and get it, Ive dropped 100+hrs on campaign in it and at the end of the day it wasn't worth itYou could NOT EVEN COMPLETE EASTERN ROMAN VICTORY FOR THE FIRST 8 MONTHS THIS GAME WAS OUT!!! objectives were bugged, for almost a year they ignored it while still pushing more dlc"
76561198032500650,Not Recommended,325610,18036823,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Matts Amazing,"Stop making games that are 1/4 complete, just so you can charge everyone for DLC a month or two later. Your marketing department is making you money, but LOSING YOUR FANBASE. Congrats!!!"
,Recommended,325610,18040565,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Mirchia Memeina,"The difficulty is nice and challenging, the family tree is engaging and adds a new layer of depth to the campaign, fertility is a nice touch, the campaign map is well-designed. The Huns are a fricking terror. The two halves of the Roman Empire are crumbling and struggling. The barbarian and viking kingdoms are gaining traction.It's a very well done game, the combat runs smoothly. The only flaw I would point out is that by the time Attila is the main antagonist, the entirety of Europe and most of the Middle East is a barren wasteland. It was a cold snap, not a frigging Ice Age, CA! Luckily there are mods to fix this, making it a truly awesome game.Oh, and of course the awful DLC practises. Don't buy it unless it's on sale, but when you do get it, you'll enjoy it!"
,Recommended,325610,14512390,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Mishka,3 Hours In...Haven't come across any bugs.10/10
76561198045246210,Recommended,325610,14515117,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,[42DR] Remlly,"Do I recommend this game?  YES I DOI set a tree on fire, sacked a roman town and could not assault a walled town without atleast 1 siege equipment.I am having way to much fun...Not a 10/10 yet. could use more optimization.say 7.5/10, the game rome 2 should've been"
76561198007408736,Recommended,325610,14516890,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Invictus,"PROS+ Horde Mode mechanic+ FAMILY TREE (finally it's back) along with specific actions like marriage, adopt, embezzle etc+ Governor Addition (now family members that are were lazy on ROME 2 by being idle, can be assigned as governors in provinces you own with benefits)+ Improved both campaign & battle AI proving indeed tough on higher dificulties+ Seperate events for every faction as also different approach on victory conditions+ Challenging campaign as you have to struggle not only with war, but famine and desease giving severe penalties in case of negative sanitation or empty food stores+ Beautiful & Detailed graphics both on the campaign and on the battle but also...CONS- ... strenuous for your PC, optimization patch for Nvidia is out, still waiting AMD (myself)-  perfomance issues due to the system requirements-  there isn't any playable faction on britain such as celts or picts.. (DLC?)-  significant lagging during AI campaign turn especially after 20 turns or so-  still some game breaking bugs and game crashes every now and then-  complex politics and the same diplomacy as ROME 2, for some this can be a downside8.0/10After the fiasco release of ROME 2 and the bad PR i believe CA had their backs on the wall and their gamble paid off so to speak because the next installment had to deliver both in content and innovations but also in as less bugs/crashes possible and in my opinion they succeded delivering us what ROME 2 should be on the first place but not without minor problems...IRECOMMENDAttila since this should have been ROME 2 all along but it comes in a form of an expansion and with it's downside being ""heavy"" on most PCs and as such is playble only on high end PCs consider this before buying, and i will give updates to my review since it's 10 hours in the game...in my opinion let's not forget this game takes place at 400AD, Medieval 3 around the corner?!?!"
76561197997908698,Not Recommended,325610,14532552,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Ezcore,"So far it seems like Napolean, Shogun 2, and Rome2 mixed into one game.Basically a re-skin of Rome2 with a major overhaul.Not impressed yet but maybe after I play it a tad bit longer than 2 hours my mind will change.For the most part tho, you are better off buying Rome2 if you want a solid game and are new to the Total War series."
,Not Recommended,325610,17951501,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Nadeshiko,"Horrible optimization, insane DLC money grab, not worth your money."
76561198099527428,Not Recommended,325610,17968642,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,joestock10,"Such a waste of money. If I sound like I'm echoing everybody below/above me, it's for a reason. Run and don't look back for a few years, till CA have realised how ****ty they're being. Try a new game. Go out into the world.Live."
76561198005775336,Not Recommended,325610,17990960,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Count of Talabecland,"The combat and UI improvements to the game are great. The narrative for the campaign is good if not a little overdramtic. What makes this game not worth buying for some is that if you want to play as the romans, forget about it. Creative Assembly wanted to make it hard to be the romans but esssentially all they did was spam Huns so that you are constantly outnumbered ten to one (really CA, the Huns outnumbered the population of the Roman empire?), also the ""diffuculty"" comes from the fact that every single faction on the map just randomly attacks you, regardless of diplomacy, and will go ridiculous lengths to get at your undefended cities (remember that time in 430 A.D. where the Scots invaded Turkey when they didn't even have a settlement on mainland Europe? No, of couse no one remembers that you would have to be some kind of idiot to allow that in ""historical"" game). Additionally, being a late game empire after the Huns are gone sucks because whenever you expand the corruption in your empire goes up, which means 80-90% of your money magically disappears and there isn't really anything you can do, at best you can combine 1 of your 5 governors with 1 of your 5 spies in one of your 15!!!! provinves to get a whopping 20% reduction in corruption (seriously who at CA comes up with this?). So all in all its not really all that hard to survive as the empire, its just god damn miserable and boring and not worth the time or money."
,Not Recommended,325610,18037213,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Battle Buddhist,"Ask yourself one question, do you really want a game that is optimized for GPUs that arent even out yet? WHY WOULD YOU THINK THAT IS A GOOD IDEA? It means everybody who owns the game cant even run it well regardless of how great you think your system is. ps, Boring combat, boring units, boring time period, countless DLCs, and a publisher who refuses to learn from past mistakes"
,Not Recommended,325610,18041018,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Silent Madness,"I have played Shogun 2, Napoleon, as well as Rome 2; and with how much hype I had for this game, I am dissappointed.When people complained about Rome 2, I could understand the reviews (I personally loved it at the end of all of the clutter-♥♥♥♥y, Glory to Macedon; and unto Carthage!). When I started Shogun, the playstyle ruined me, but it was very enjoyable and a very well made game.Attila? My biggest issues follow; Horrible Horde mentality of the AI. They send every small army they can across the map to either;A) Hunt you down because ♥♥♥♥ it.orB) Send all the small armies to a single army leaving the rest of their territory unguarded.My other issue is that if you start off as a small faction, the game is greatly hindered and slowed to a walk, while playing as any other, larger, faction (Example - the single eastern faction excluding DLC_Sassanids...) The game is very fast paced and between trying to fix the horrible lay out of the cities various upgrades, maintaining public order, quelling up rising, wars, and various other issues, it can be over baring for someone looking for a moderatly paced game, and just trying to enjoy themselves.You only get to options; play one of the very bland, copy and pasted factions for a slow/ forced moderate paced gameplay, or try to play a unique faction and get a bunch of issues thrown into your face.I enjoyed building my Empire up from nothing in Rome 2, I enjoyed expanding my Clan's borders in Shogun. But being given a large mass of land and trying to fix the errors of idiotic forefathers, no. I would rather start another, un-modded Macedon campaign in Rome 2. Or raise the Date/Hojo clan to greatness an upteenth time.Attila is enjoyable, do not get me wrong, i enjoy the Sassanids, they are a breath of fresh air when the world is full of dead romans, desolate lands, and a bunch of inbred barbarians. But if you do not micromanage everything, or do not pay attention to all of the chaos around you (which with many people with families will be unable to do) You will quickly be over-powered, or even overthrown."
76561198006623538,Recommended,325610,14513043,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,kingrex,first off im a big time fan of total war games  been playing  for years and have all the games .This game is one of the best total war games out  very good  gameplay  and graphics  lots of fun  its good to see CA back  after rome was  so bad to start with 9 out of 10 keep up the good work CA
,Recommended,325610,14513062,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,SPLegoStudios,"This game is one of the best TW games i've ever played. It has great music, variety of campaign play, and some of the toughest campaigns ive played. Rome is easier than CA made it sound though, eastern roman empire was a breeze with their heavy units. Interesting cutscenes to immerse you into the game, and then a campaign so different from rome 2, its bigger than the jump from shogun 2 to rome 2, except it has all the positive features of both.In terms of FPS, land battles are in fact an improvement, but campaign (and big sieges) I get about half of what i got in rome 2.Graphics are immensly better than rome 2, the particles are amazing, its like the siege of carthage trailer.All in all, i'd definitely give this game a 9/10, one of the best additions to the Total War Franchise."
,Recommended,325610,14514968,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,ssaaff,good♥♥♥♥♥♥9/10
,Recommended,325610,18007320,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,The Zoidberg Medic,This game has an absurd amout of DLC but that does not mean it is bad. The gameplay is is amasing and the graphics are just as good. I recomend buying the game and blood and burning.
,Recommended,325610,14516462,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Coots,I enjoy this game alot though i will have to say like every Total War game there are problems (mine is crashing from every other end turn) but once they patch this game I think this will be one of my favorate if not my favorate Total War game to date.
76561198007108285,Recommended,325610,18056960,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Chiron,"Attila Total War is a starkly different game from CA's best work in Shogun 2, but it has done wellin bringing a much needed focus into the campaign map and a real grand strategy aspect, convert your populace, migrate your tribes, or hold back the hordes and maintain civilization, Much more work needs to be done to bring out the epic immersion Medieval 2 had or Shogun 2 for that matter, but Attila made much needed steps in the RIGHT direction where Rome 2 fell flat"
76561198028024555,Recommended,325610,19403661,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Docbak,"Great game for any old or knew fan of total war!Pros: graphical improvements from Rome II, more polished game play, family tree, stronger connection with your generals to name a few,Cons: I found the game got boring somewhat quickly, i just didn't feel engaged to keep going. I expect I will get back into it with the age of Charlemagne dlc.Over all good game and it really feels like what Rome II should have been. When all is said and done, fun game!"
,Not Recommended,325610,31984247,Posted: 26 May,all,Archassius,"A few cool new things like extensive general traits and civilians fighting in siege battles, but unit balance is awful so MP is no good and SP is literally just you versus the huns, every other civilization on the map is smoking ruins within 50 turns."
,Not Recommended,325610,27746361,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mr. Smiles,Broken game with dispicable business practices.
76561198021174095,Recommended,325610,14583678,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,shadowpuppet,"100% better than what rome 2 was or ever will be.Points of interest1. Razing/abandon settlements you have attacked/will lose both have good and bad effects though.2. ABOUT TIME - proper family tree, Interesting events & unit cards you can actully tell what unit is what.3. Battles are really good no bunching of units like bee's round honey.BEWARE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!AMD Cards SOMETIMES have a problem with this game soloutions on the forums have been found that work for SOME, Seems to be an AMD graphics problem before you buy this game make sure you understand this and do the following -1, Chipsets are using most upto date driver2.Audio drivers are upto date3. Graphic drivers are upto dateThis will ensure that you at least have a chance to play IF THIS ISSUE HAPPENS TO YOU. DO NOT use the device manager scan for upto date driver you must use websites relevent to your hardware/software.I have also more information on this bug/issue for anyone who needs help just add me to steam and i will help as much as I can but I if i cannot help take it to the forums and enjoy the long process of ticketing and what feels like 5 years of no reply.If that does not put you off BUY THIS GAME. Its such a good game and would recomend any Total War fan to buy it."
,Recommended,325610,14574236,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Neworder,just bloody great
76561198180149345,Not Recommended,325610,14525718,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Young-Sinatra,"Downloaded the full game only for it to ""unexpectedly quit"" everytime i try to open it... and i cant figure out the problem. i have a macbook pro with all the requirements. this is really frustrating. can anybody lend some help or advice?"
76561198131594452,Recommended,325610,14721541,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Cadis Etrama Di Raizel,Great game overall still needs some patches but better than rome II and of course has some DLCs which annoy people since it wasn't released with the game. Just buy it on sale!!
76561197983587898,Recommended,325610,14641992,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Joker123dc,"Epic.... A complete overhaul of Rome II. For a die hard Total War fan, such as myself, this is a must buy."
,Recommended,325610,15818020,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Saybel,"Great game and very addictive. While this game has made many improvements over its predecessor, it is still a victim of inferior A.I. and terrible dlc prices and excessive amounts of it. Total War would do well to implement full scale expansion packs instead of milking dlc. With that being said it is a brilliant game with many great features. I just hope in the future they release a dlc or expansion pack allowing female rulers but other than the potential for improvements here and there, it remains a must buy for any total war fan."
76561197996689149,Not Recommended,325610,35314711,Posted: 29 September,all,Honk,badly optimized
76561198111646866,Not Recommended,325610,21292222,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,AugustusFuckingCaesar,"Really could have been a DLC for Total War: Rome II, but I kinda see were they're coming from. You can't exactly shove DLC up our asses for DLC that'd be shoved up our asses."
76561198010711632,Recommended,325610,23770381,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Flavius Aetius,"I recently bought this (June 2016). I was initially hesitant because I read tons of reviews saying the game ran poorly or not at all. I have had absolutely no performance or crashing issues whatsoever. The game runs fantastically on my GTX 980ti based desktop and yet still runs respectably well on my 960m laptop too. No complaints in that department. I love just about everything Roman and this is an intriguing game. The battles are fun and the way the campaign gives you so many options is cool. This kind of has that civilization just one more turn aspect.Ok on to the stuff I don't like. I have only played the Western Roman Empire so my review will be through that lense. It is the hardest of the choices so you can have an easier time playing as another nation.1. Public Order: You have to watch your territories like a hawk for potential revolts. If your territory spawns rebels they will instantly attack your settlements during the turn change so you will not have time to move your army into position. The rebels will overwhelm the crappy garrisons that the game gives you and take your city. Then insantly after they take the city they are awarded with a full stack of proffesional troops. So when you go back to take your city you are in for a fight. So much hassle and so stupid. Rebels should not be able to instantly have siege weapons and take cities before you have a real chance of defence.2. Diplomacy: If you play as a large empire get ready for every other faction in the world to declare war on you almost simultaneosly. Due to the diplomatic penatly for being and empire it's almost impossible to keep aliances and peace going for any amount of time.3. Family Tree: They tried to implement some kind of game aspect where you have a line of succession and you have to try to stop other families from gaining control of the government or starting a civil war. While this is a pretty historical truth to the Roman empire it's really not enjoyable for me. Keeping track of characters loyalty and marriages and related is not what I'm here for. I wish there was a way to just disable this piece. I think keeping your people happy to stop rebellions and seperatists is sufficient for historical fun.4. Amphibious attacks: Barbarian nations and hordes can sail across the known world and attack your undefended back provinces. This is rediculous. The horde concept where they can travel through your territory is sufficient enough but I've had the barbarians from Ireland set sail and land in Italy. It would be almost impossible for that kind of population to even cross the channel and attack Gaul.5. Walls: The large cities in the Empire have♥♥♥♥♥♥for walls now. They are really just ramp walls that are practically useless and ugly to look at. Most of the main cities in the empire should still have the stone walls from when the empire was at it's peak. I think this was done for ease of programming and pathfinding but it takes some of the fun out of siege battles. Also related is if a city is under siege the internal buildings get damaged even if the attack never happens and the army leaves. WTF? Then you have to pay for repairs.6. City size, roads, ect: Almost all of your cities and roads start out at level 1 or totally undeveloped. How after 1,000 years of empire do I not have some infrastructure to start out with?7. Non stop attacks: Due to the way the AI gets a high base income, barbarians with 1 city can pump out armies at about the rate a medium sized empire canHere is a list of mods from the workshop I recommend to deal with the above issues and make the game much more fun.7 Point Corruption - Stops you from getting to the 95% corruption level if your empire gets too big. (Really 95%? wtf?)Barricades 3x Stronger - The siege barricades by default can be taken out in like 3 secondsBase Income 2000 - Makes 1 city foes behave more like 1 city foes militarily speakingBuffed Edicts - The default edicts really aren't that greatBuildings Reduce Corruption - Makes government buildings reduce corruption. Seems logicalClimate Tweaks - Without this the end game will be bulding farms everwhere. The climate change negatives never return to normal by defaultImproved Gold Mines - Makes gold mines more lucrative. Maybe a little OP but don't you think gold mines should make decent money?More Bold Campaign Borders - You can't see the borders when fully zoomed out by default without thisNo barbarian artillery - Stops the Huns, ect. from being able to take cities like Constantinople with artillery. Which is historically accurateNo Great Power/No Imperium Penalty - Stops the huge diplomatic penatly you get for being a large peaceful empirePikes Ready In Your Hands - By default pikemans pikes will dissapear when not in formation. This addresses thatStronger Romans - Increases the power of east and west empires by reducing unhappiness, increasing food and garrisons. You definitely want this if you don't play Romans or the West will fall too quickly. If you do play Romans it's nice that you can count on garrisons to do anything at all.Transports Only Through Ports - Tries to stop barbarian hordes from going amphibiousThe above mods will make the campaign much easier for the Romans so if you want an extremely hard game they aren't recommended. Being a fan of history though without them I was too frustrated by a lot of the unrealistic challenges."
76561198129330234,Not Recommended,325610,22330033,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,TotalWarDestroyer,"Gets crazy laggy, and is by-far the most inaproppiate and crappy Total War game ever!!! DLC Cost crazy amounts of money, and are not worth it, dont waste time or money on this crap, Diplomatic speech is the same as rome 2 but inappropiate, and thats just lazy, warhammer had better be better...."
76561198085118562,Recommended,325610,34612689,Posted: 30 August,all,SuperAntero,Nicely done strategy game! I'm a big fan of Total War and Attila is my favourite Total War game so far!Ps The Viking Forefathers is a very nice DLC especially because I'm from Finland :b
76561198341010833,Recommended,325610,34717861,Posted: 3 September,all,sergi7704,its just an awoseme game
,Recommended,325610,22851746,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,The BaxTax,Great game but if i can change one thing o think they could make more options in sieges. And more factions in the main game.
76561198086313811,Recommended,325610,22508286,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Einstein the Barbarian,"I like to pair my Total War gaming experiences with other media set during a similar time period. Corresponding films/games that go well with this game - Centurion, Northlanders (Comic), Vikings (TV show), random documentaries on youtube...This is my favorite Total War game. The politics didn't seem too important until my Frankish High King died at the ripe old age of 79, then all my people's loyalty went to s***. I always felt alert, and rarely grew complacent during the grand campaign.Along with the aesthetic of the game (it's seriously a good looking game and I'm running it on medium), the combat really stands out. I loved the abilities each unit possessed (diffeent types of ammunition, form a shield wall, etc...). The abilities kept the battles engaging and interesting.Looking forward to trying out some of the mods - Age of Vikings in particular."
76561198155793173,Recommended,325610,24615911,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,ComradeGamerDad,"Personally I love Attila. It's a great addition to the Total War series and has everything I depend on these games for. Massive battles, challenging campaigns, religions, politics, family trees. There's no reason not to buy this game."
76561197970563890,Not Recommended,325610,35153472,Posted: 23 September,all,marcur,"I really think that Attila had the great potential to be one of the best Total War ever created, unfortunately an absolutely  terrible optimization and the lack of support from the developers made it one of the worst. I would strongly discourage anyone from buying this game."
,Recommended,325610,32628871,Posted: 21 June,all,Rad The Impaler,8.7
,Recommended,325610,16735209,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,penis_slayer69,"The Total War franchise has recently been surrounded in hatred with the disastrous release of Total War Rome II, while it's predecessor Shogun II was regarded as one of the greatest, if not the greatest, Total War title thus far.Now, onto the review. The first thing I say is - it is DEFINITELY an improvement over Rome II, not doubt in my mind. The two differ; In Rome II, it is about building your chosen nation to glory, whereas in Attila it is mainly about maintaining your empire in one of the most turbulent time periods in Europe's history.On the topic of Attila himself. I have one tip - always try to destroy The Huns before Attila becomes ruler. Attila is born beginning of 400AD, and the game starts at 395AD and has 4 turns per year. If I'm correct you have 20 turns until Attila is born.When he becomes ruler, boy, you are in trouble. He constantly spawns stacks that harrass the player, especially if the player chooses a Roman Faction. He is truly the Scourge of God.The Western Roman Empire (or the WRE, referred from now on) is in a state of military and economic decline under Flavius Honorius Augustus. The empire is being attacked from all corners and civil unrest is everywhere. The WRE is severly overextended, and from turn one, nations declare war on them and destroy them.I found the WRE didn't really succumb to the barbarian invasion, instead break-away nations such as Britain, Africa, Gaul or Hispania took over parts of the Empire. These nations are have the Roman culture, so Roman buildings, units and leaders. Overall I didn't feel like the WRE fell to barbarians, but to its rebels.Onto the features I like:Cities are unique; Londinium, Roma, Constantinople and Ctesiphon are just a few. You can now bust through the walls of the impenetrable Theodosian Walls and set fire to the Hagia Sophia (Even though the Hagia Sophia wasn't built until circa 500AD, under the reign of Justinian.)Improved combat.Family trees.Horde mechanics.Dat Rome I menu like doe.Ect.Now the negatives:Diplomacy mechanics are identical to Rome II.Faction panel still confusing.Sassanids and Huns (when Attila is ruler) are op.NO ATHENS!If you feel like you want a big faction that is easy, play the Sassanid Empire, not the Eastern Roman Empire! I made that mistake myself, and a couple of turns later the Visigoths took Constantinople and destroyed all of Greece.TL;DR - The game has improved on Rome II, with cool new features. It, however, still has its flaws. Overall I would recommend this game.SCORE - 85/100Update - I have no idea why Steam"
76561198099547139,Recommended,325610,35101561,Posted: 21 September,all,weemurdo,This game is amazing. I've only ever played the campaign and the GOT mod though
,Recommended,325610,35126907,Posted: 22 September,all,PennywisE,i like the graphics
,Recommended,325610,18114596,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Red Bear,"I love this game and the game play its better than a Rome 2. The Family thing is amazing and yes you have to do alot of things.Maps are better than Rome 2, much bigger but i wish it was bit bigger since city like Rome is not as big as you want it to be.Diplomacy got harder and more realistic so i cant complain about it.one things i hate about this game, if we compare Rome 1, you had alot of Nations but in here you get few But hey guys, if you want more, then buy DLC -.-"
,Not Recommended,325610,22605579,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,man of the hour,let me give you how much improvement was made in this game from rome 2 ♥♥♥♥IN' ZERO
76561198316258128,Recommended,325610,35095971,Posted: 20 September,all,ZombixXxPL,zajebista
76561198066282239,Recommended,325610,15083634,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Cpt.Beanbag,This game is the beans and sausage pure minted aye!
76561198022279463,Not Recommended,325610,15083545,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,TRIUMVIR OCTAVIAN,"Rome 2, number 2"
76561197986775314,Recommended,325610,15188284,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Aluminum Elite Master,"Total War: Attila is a really good strategy game. If you are new to the Total War series, then Attila is a phenomenal game to pick-up. It really is.But, unfortunately, if you are a long-standing fan of the series who bought Rome 2, then Attila is still more proof that Rome 2 was blatantly rushed. And, worse, if you bought Rome 2, then you probably feel like Rome 2 was an extended, paid, DLC-laden beta for Attila.This is the dichotomy I think most players will fit in to. There's certainly a small (very small) number of people who thought Rome 2 was a great game from start to finish, but the vast majority of Rome 2 players are going to under-rate Attila because of how much Attila depended on Rome 2 in terms of figuring out what to add, what to fix, etc. And on the complete opposite tack, people new to Total War will find Attila to be an outstanding game.Truly, Attila is both an outstanding game as well as a hated game.In isolation, Attila is one of the better strategy games I've played in quite some time. Factions are quite varied, with nomadic factions, hybrid factions that can settle in cities only to uproot later, and traditional factions. Rosters are asymmetrical in design but not chaotic, and often have one stronger area than usual and one weaker. Campaign strategy is much more interesting, and battles are a bit better (though some lingering problems with sieges and naval battles still persist and carry over from Rome 2).And in relation to Rome 2, Attila is a hated game. The disasterous initial release of Rome 2 weakened the playerbase's faith in the developer, and Rome 2, though given a high level of support/patching/etc.. never really recovered. Instead, Attila sort of became the finished product  for a $60 beta test, and many fans are still reluctant even now to forgive this.I have to recommend Attila. As someone who played Rome 2 from release until the few weeks before Attila came out, I can say that Rome 2 was definitely not what it should have been, and it indeed was like a paid beta for Attila in some regards. But once I stomached that, Attila is a great game in its own rite. It borrows enough assets from Rome 2 to finally give us a largely fixed experience with them, and then adds entirely new details all over the campaign experience.And if you didn't get Rome 2, then Attila is a no-brainer.The only non-Rome 2 related stuff I'd mark Attila down for is the multiplayer, which has always been the series' major weakness.But. even I have to admit Attila is a very good game. Especially good if you didn't get Rome 2."
,Not Recommended,325610,16814812,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,FalconerHG,"I've tried. I've tried hard, but I just can't find the love for Total War: Atilla. The core concept of ever invading huns limits you to playing the large existing empires or those empires in the South. Anyone else, the Huns will relentlessly attack with such overwhelming force that sooner or later you will break.Add to that the total lack of innovation (we've been playing the exact same game with a new skin for the last 6 years or so), the long time it takes to process, the fact that Total War now barely compares to some of the better Indie games in terms of graphical prowess, the utterly boring game map (apart from the terrain, there are only cities and units) and the stability and bugs (two games had turns frozen, on some maps you point units North and they go West instead even if there are absolutely no obstructions), and you end up with a thoroughly disappointing game.All things considered, this is the Football Manager of strategy games. Both studios are owned by SEGA. Coincedence? I think not."
76561198008301818,Recommended,325610,14603767,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,nutsy,fantastic game only issue is no blood no gore and you cant take control of artillery if it had those 3 things it would be a master piece
76561198043828042,Recommended,325610,35358069,Posted: 30 September,all,revolutionvolk,"I have played Total War for thousands of hours all the way from Rome I to Warhammer and from the historical titles ATTILA has (atleast for me) the most fun and engaging battles. It polishes and advances what we get in Rome II in a great way.Pros and cons:+ Challenging and unusual campaign+ Great battles (using the different types of units feels great)+ Fun sieges (way better than Rome II)+ Great representation of the time period+ Cool DLC campaigns+ Grim atmosphere, different than the other titles in the series- AI wont attack strong settlements :(- In the long run, you may miss the traditional Total War campaign- If not stopped early, Huns can ruin almost all of the map- It makes me want Medieval III even more ;_;"
76561198034995581,Not Recommended,325610,35276522,Posted: 28 September,all,nineteenthree,Horribly unoptimized
76561198208039815,Recommended,325610,23090856,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Shade,"Very very very fun game. Like other Total War games, you build up your empire, solve political problems, conquer kingdoms, and within your cities and towns you can create buildings that can greatly effect your game, each choice counts. As a fan of strategy games, I particularly love how you can actually control your units in the battlefield. You can perform different tactics and strategies or simply charge at them. Sanitation, public order, integrity, and political control is a cool and advanced function in the game, making it seem more realistic."
,Recommended,325610,24003690,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,MatthewsLincoln,"This game is not necessarily something new and inavative by CA but really the game (battle gameplay and campaign interface wise) we should have got with Rome 2. The small things like seige escalation, the balance between swords and spears infantry and that the Romans are in no way overpowered (like in Rome 2 when Pretorian Guards would not break even if charged to the back with premium calvary like barbarian noble horse). This balance means that other factions in Multiplayer and Single Player campaigns are more vialble. Over all the Total War: Attila is well polished variation of Rome 2. Attila is it's own game with unique gameplay functions and unit balncing but in its essence still has the Strengths and weaknesses of Rome 2. With over 100 hours in both games I can give Attila a solid 8.2/10."
76561198121963854,Recommended,325610,24016616,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,demian6lp,"ONE IN A MILLION, there's no better way to describe it. Perfect in almost all sense. The best partis that SEGA always tends to improve the Total War franchise."
76561198131061036,Recommended,325610,24030765,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,DANKZELDA,Came in as a veteran to Medivial 2 total war enter holy S##t so different playing as saxons and bam invade england puny romans die. 15/10 would kill romans again.
,Recommended,325610,24176818,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,SALAMIS,"BEEN PLAYING TOTAL WAR SINCE YEAR DOTcons:....eats up many hours of your short life.Pros: Too many to mention, buy it never look back, enough said"
,Recommended,325610,24203141,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,plk Lesiak,"I honestly think this game gets s***t on way too much, considering its current state. The main downside it has - cheating AI in form on never-ending and poorly scripted hunnic hordes - can be removed or tweaked with mods in the workshop. It might not be worth the full price, but I very much reccomend it on sale, preferably with all the DLC. Specifics:Pros:+ Fun battles, more dynamic and less predictable than in Rome 2.+ Good political system, that gives you quite a few choices on how to manage your empire and an incentive to keep your generals alive. I'll long remember the moment when my emperor became a bloodthirsty tyrant from all the war atrocities I made him commit and I had to force his wife to assassinate him.+ Decent tech trees and settlement management - very similar to Rome 2, but better. Many people still don't like the way campaing map works, but I find it much more satisfying then in the last game, even though there's still some things that are hard to skip if you want to have lvl 4 cities and villages (try not builing fishing ports everywhere),+ Land armies are much more vulnerable on water - not defenceless, but they won't win with a strong fleet any more, even in melee.Cons:- Broken OP Huns that punish you for winning: new hordes spawn immidiately after you beat previous ones, they are full of super-elite units in late game and you have to kill Attila four (!) times to make them less deadly. Can be easily fixed with mod though.- Hordes sometimes impossible to catch - horde can wreck havoc inside you territory and is faster then normal armies, which can be infuriating (the counter arguement is that you need to have your armies strategically placed as Rome or other big entity).- Small unit roster: all factions have fairly small unit rosters, with a lot of units you unlock being replacements of older ones rather then new options. Didn't bother me presonally, especially as Rome, as you can recruit allied barbarian levies and have a lot of mercenaries to chose from, but many people didn't like it.- Some balancing issues: some units seem weirdly OP. I don't think germanic axe-wiedling infantry should cut through elite legionaries in defensive formation with little efford (but in a way it made the game a bit more challenging and defensive battles more involved IMO).In summary, I think Attila in its final form is the game Rome 2 tried to be from the beginning. CA took all the major elements from that game and tweaked them to work properly. The Huns are absurd, but the modding community have you covered from that angle, you can even get them effectively out of the picture and take your reconsolidated Western Rome to a new path of conquest. And I had a lot of fun doing so. :)"
76561198165288051,Recommended,325610,24292572,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Jaggerjaw™,it is a mey total war game it could have done better
76561198007290264,Recommended,325610,24412441,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,uriahheep71,"Please help me to make this game work.Emperors Edition works just fine, Attila won't work at all."
76561198013190443,Recommended,325610,24502826,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,justdiscoveredfire,"I don't know why people put so much hate on this game, is it the setting? The factions? The gameplay? I just don't see any reason to hate this game. I played Rome II and I really enjoyed it, until I started facing problems like how the game would start but then would sit on the title page for hours. The game doesn't crashes but it doesn't progress any further, which made me very upset and now I would have to rebuy the game later. Sure, Attila may not be as good as Rome II, but it isn't bad either. Plus, Age of Charlemagne DLC is awesome, its like you're playing Medieval II all over again, except its the start of the Medieval Era with the rise of the Frankish Kingdom and the push of Islamic Dominace in Europe through the Iberian Peninsula, a setting which you never really get to experience in Medieval II since all it starts in is when William the Conqueror overthrew the Anglo-Saxon Kingdom and replaced it with the Kingdom of England in 1066.Anyway, back to Attila. The world for the Romans have now turned upside down, political and public unrest forced the empire to split into two, one Western, one Eastern. Christianity is the domain reilgion in the Roman minds and a corrupt senate left the Roman lands in grave danger of being vulerable to the ""Barbarians"" in the East. Rome has gone to the point where they have so much land and so much of a populance to control, that the Roman armies are overstretched, leaving the majority of land ripe for the taking. However, in the far East, a horde arrives, pillaging and murdering their way into Europe. The Barbarians are left with two choices, either flee west and claim terroritory from the Romans, or stand against this new and menacing threat that rides in from the far east. This threat will be the Huns, an Asianic tribe that relies on surviving by being mobile and living off the land. The Romans are now dealing with the Barbarians that push their way into their lands, the Barbarians now must migrate west in order to aviod this Hunnic threat and survive, while the Huns must raid and pillage in order to survive. The times of conquest is over, it is now the times for survival. Now the question remains, will Rome be spared of destruction, or will the once mighty and grand Roman Empire topple over for a new chapter in history?Either Rome survives, or Rome falls, the choice is yours to make...Gameplay is pretty much the same as in Rome II, but with new options in directing a government and a larger technology tree. Graphics have very very little improvement but it is still good for a massive RTS game. The only thing that pisses me off is that you feel very limited in this game, with limited factions being playable and of course the Blood & Burn DLC, I shouldn't have to pay a dime just to get blood effects for a game. (Great JOB being money-grabbers CA) Plus, people have been complaining on why bodies disappear, just lower your graphic performance from Max down to Performance and the bodies will stay. Each culture has its own set of tactics to use against their enemies, for example, the Huns rely on mobility and speed to out flank and overrun their enemies, the Barbarians must use clever and hit and run tactics to outsmart their foes, and the Romans must rely on determination and combined-arms to repel their invaders. If you think you can resume conqueroring with Rome, trust me, you won't. Everyone outside your borders hates you and you have little armies stretched all over the Empire.Each side of the Roman Empire have two threats of their own; the Eastern has to deal with the Sassanids and the White Huns to the East and the Visogoths and Ostrogoths to the North. the Western has to deal with both established and migrating Barbarians such as the Franks, Saxons, Nordic tribes, and migrating Suebians, and also they would have to deal with the looming threat of civil war because of intense political unrest. Sure you may start out with half of the Mediterrian Sea under your control, but as the game progresses forward, you will see your land being tore apart by too many enemies to even count.I do enjoy this game, but not as much as I enjoy Rome II, so this game shouldn't really get any hate (Except for the DLCs). Is it perfect? No. Does it have its problems? Yes. But thats the same deal with Rome II. Anyway, good game, but not as good as its previous.PS, whats with Warhammer!?! Sure, fans are happy, but to me, thats like Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare. Unrealistic and it irritates me because I love historical games. I'm not saying that Warhammer is bad, but it completly just abandon the historical feel that you get with other Total War games. I just hope that they're doing this just once. Please don't be like Call of Duty, CA please don't."
76561198153072057,Recommended,325610,26702353,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,marrecool,"In my opinion not as good as Total War: Rome II, but still an awesome game."
76561198092162214,Recommended,325610,28287713,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,WizCalifa,Updated to playable but late game isnt fun... Attila becomes overpowered with -100% unit upkeep so has full armies full of 3 tier units that ruin your armies.
76561198345139434,Recommended,325610,28298165,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,sloth2k2,this game is realy enjoyable especialy if you have medival kingdoms installed
76561198009305108,Recommended,325610,28695512,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Faravahar1200,Very amazing game and fun love it so much that I want to play it all day with none stop
76561198020166560,Not Recommended,325610,28736341,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,owman1,"Once again I wish steam had an intermediate option between thumbs up and down.Honestly it's alright. Now, that might be anticlimactic but on the whole The strategic layer is kinda fun - I actually enjoy the need to pick and choose what gets built where and I'm ok with making sacrifices in some regions to allow others to develop, to me it adds some weight to the decision making and kinda feels more realistic. The family tree and the balance between dominion and control is pretty interesting too if somewhat frustrating as the game goes on. The two major things the game does well are the tactical battles and the graphics.The tactical battles are actually really good this time around, Cavalry is brutal in a charge and ranged units are pretty well balanced. The siege maps are cool if a bit same-y and the amphibious landings are actually pretty awesome. The game looks damn good as well, with the detail in the strategic map something I really enjoy. The procedural damage effects are good too and add something to the city battles. Agents aren't so OP this time around as well, they're useful but not game-endingly powerful despite the AI still using them more than is resonable (if I do say so myself) This game, much like it's predecessors has playable naval battles somewhat akin to those in Shogun 2 and are on the whole not bad, despite the somewhat cheesy tendency for naval troops to be defeated by embarked land forces, although this can be countered by staying at range or using the satisfyingly destructive artillery ships.The main reason for this negative review is by now a dead horse so furiously beaten that it's probably just mush by now - the pretty awful DLC policy that's also made a rather galling appearance in warhammer - which i've for some reason brought on sale but not really played yet. As someone who's paid up for pretty much all the DLC i'd say that all of it with the possible exception of age of charlemagne  and the empires of the sands all the ""culture packs"" are just damn reskins with too few unique units and maybe some story content - which is in itself kinda interesting but not worth the price in any real way. This really does feel like half of a game which was then filled in with DLC.The second issue I have with attilla is the AWFUL optimization - my machine is admittedly not at all impressive but I far surpass the minimum system requirements. Thankfully this issue has been mostly fixed with patches and now the game runs pretty well on the whole - Although I do still get the odd slowdown when things get hectic.As someone who's never played ROME 1 or 2 I can't say how this Attila stands up next to it's closest bretheren but in my mind it's a decisive step backwards from Shogun II, Medieval II or even Empire. The rumored Total war: Victoria may yet reverse the worrying trend of DLC-centric game presentation but until then i'd recommend The fall of the samurai over the fall of Rome any day. Attila is certainly alright, but you've got any doubts wait until it's on sale and be picky with DLC. The last Roman is just stupid and the blood and burning pack is blatant money grabbing and is simply bloody awful. (sorry)"
76561198058804201,Recommended,325610,22786103,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,BenDover,"After just over 100 hours, I can confidently say that I reccomend this game.Graphics: This game honestly looks great. It's very dark and violent compared to the bright and warm colours of Rome II. Villages look grimy, messy and amazing all at the same time. Even cities seem to lack the happy colours of Rome II, and instead show darker and less decorated versions, more akin to the time period. This honestly makes the game seem so much better and helps to set the atmosphere. Units also look amazing. You have dirty Celtic raiders on a grimy longboat to Roman Soldiers dressed in beautiful armor, and everything in between. Even the environments look amazing. There's not much else to say here.Graphics 9/10Performance: This seems to be a mixed bag for most people. Less of a mixed bag than Rome II was at launch, but still a mixed bag, so I'm just going to share my own experiences. Honestly, on my rig (Core i7 4790K, GTX 970, 16GB's RAM) the game ran amazingly. There was practially no technical bugs and my game ran flawlessly on a mix of Very High and Ultra settings.Performance 9.5/10Gameplay: I really love how this game plays. The mood of the game is amazing. No matter who you play, someone is coming for you, and you have to do your best to make sure that you're ready when they do. If that means backstabbing allies, Killing captives or breaking alliances you do it. Unlike in Rome II where it was simply a matter of ""who do I attack first""?, in Attila it's more like ""How much gold should I offer them to make peace with me?"" Since once the huns come, it's going to be a hell of a fight to keep them back. Depending on what difficulty you play on, there is the possibility of anywhere from 4-5 to 9+ hunnic deathstaks ravaging through the land, killing and razing everything in their path. It's interesting to watch from a distance as that rival germanic tribe that has always been a thorn in your side is torn apart by two hunnic stacks, then terrifying as Attila himself makes a beeline towards you. There's a lot of different factions that you can play as in this game, ranging from Germanic factions like the Franks, desert factions like the Sassanids, to Roman factions like the Eastern Roman Empire. There is also the new horde mechanic, where certain factions start off with only their army which is now a ""horde"" and essentialy they just move around the map, trying to find a place to settle down before the coming of Attila. There is a lot of content in this game, and more than enough to keep you interested for hundreds of hours. The new horde mechanic alone is worth at least two campaigns, each dozens of hours long. Even if you just play the base game with no DLC, there is a lot of different factions which should keep you entertained for hundreds of hours. But there are multiple DLC's that give the game awesome mini-campaign's such as The Age of Charlemange (Medieval times) and The Last Roman (Completely different Roman-horde gameplay) in addition to faction pacts with new cultures and starting positions. Overall this is a game you can put hours and hours into and keep coming back.Gameplay = 9/10Overall rating: 9/10."
,Recommended,325610,22786173,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Hershey1996,Really fun game. You'll be 20 hours deep without realizing it.
76561198156729241,Recommended,325610,22791683,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Hornyskunk,8/10
,Recommended,325610,22817226,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Ddoghusky,To be honest its a good game but i have 1 problem with creative assembly and what they do.If you have 100£ buy oit if you dont then  gl enjoying your experiance. Its the dlc making that i dont like and that comes from someone who loves ca and all of there games even in the broken pile of great idea of rome 2
76561198107882009,Recommended,325610,22844465,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Bobby Rotten,"I would only play this game if you have the paitience for the glitches and bugs  that may follow!Eventhough this game is a unfinished game ( as yo have to buy lots of DLC's), it has given me the pleasure of playng it.Firstly the map is great, awsome graphics make the ancient world seem alive and that it changes atmosphiere according to what happens around you; an example of this is when something bad happens, it creates a deep and dark atmoshpiere. Detailed cities and landscape ( same style with rome 2 and shogen 2) makes playcing your armies and controlling your economy even more fun to do as it gives another side to the total war series.I have read reviews of bugs that do occur and the way the movement mechanism is not as good in rome 1, however I have found a solutuin by getting mods from the steam workshop that improve the way your units move.This is awsome, however creative Assembly should of dealth with this before they reliesed this game and as the game wasn't fully optimized, it made people feel betrayed by what the total war series was going to become, like with rome 2.Battles do have better graphics, amazing looks that not every game has does have an atmospheric feel to when you are actually controling your units. But again CA has not though about fixing the issues that came with rome 2, units when colliding with the enemy, looks as if they hit a brick wall, not good at all. I have countered this with a couple of mods from other players from the workshop.I do love this game but would really like creative assembly to fix thier mistakes by updating the lack of optimizing on the game and all the bugs and glitches you have unintentially put on the game ( which you did not bother to get rid of).Without the mods I have, I proberly would of put a worse review than this one.Others may suffer other bugs than I do, all in whcih CA need to take into account.One other note is that the politics side of the campaing is a nice and beutiful touch as other total war games were missing that political touch - you feel more in control now :DAttila's DLC's don't give you much extra for the price they are asking, (£5.99 for 3 factions to play for example  and £1 something for adding blood gore effects) this all should be included in the game.Overall this game without all the DLC's and mods isn't a finished game but it is still fun to play and probaly better than rome 2 ( with mods and DLC's that is) :Dthanks for reading and comment below if you want me to review other games that are in my gaming libary.Thanks again and have a great morning, afternoon or evening ( have a great day overall) and goodbye.:D:D::D::D"
76561198004199170,Recommended,325610,23251559,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Hebenox,The whole Total war franschise is one of the best in the strategy category and I've been playing them all for as long as I can remember! I love Attilla and the tweaks from the former games like the diplomacy and that the family tree is back!
76561198065213998,Not Recommended,325610,30701154,Posted: 24 March,all,karoten2,"I played every older total war game since first Rome Total war, total wars are my favourite strategy series, I also like turn based strategies such as Master of Orion or XCOM Enemy Unknown, HOMAN 3. Now About Attila - graphics and battles are amazing, especially towns are really impressive - the combat part is excellent. ""Stumbling-block"" is turn based part, too much annoying micromanagement, building system is the worst from all total war games (Rome 2 has similar, but works good); in this kind of strategy games you should make wise decision when you put your money - Do I need to build new barracks for better soldiers or market to improve economy and income in my situation? or temple or some cultural building for stability or special bonuses? which town should I develop? In Attila you should fix puzzle, you have limited building spots , usefull buildings have penalties (food, squalor, public order) and must extremly carefull to combinate them in right way, Both Shogun 2 and even Rome 2 have similar system with limited building spots but simpler to use and works great, youn can't build everything everywhere, you must choose which cities/provincies will by economic/military/cultural. But in Attila they made  ""chalange"" from it.....Attila ma super bojovu cast, kamen urazu je tahova cast, prilis vela otravneho mikromanazmentu - moc sa musis zaoberat pi**vinamy, stavebny system je bohuzial najhorsi v celej total war serii, skombinovat spravnu kombinaciu budov zo vsetkymi postihmy/jedlo, hygiena, verejny poriadok/ aby si mal aj prijem  je uz otrava."
,Recommended,325610,14660257,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,YAKMANWORD,"FInally total war is trying something new, refusing to fall into the 'give us cash' Call of Duty policy."
76561198018023390,Recommended,325610,34900553,Posted: 12 September,all,MurderFalke,"Rome's glory has ended, her days are numbered. A large power vacuum is created as a result. This is basically a game of carving up the Rome-cake between the rest of the world and forging new, powerful Alliances. Attila is moving on Eastern Europe, do you stand and fight? Assymilate or Flee? The choice is yours and this will be your Epic ""Story"".If you want to play the Rome of post Gaius-Marius reforms, buy Rome 2, this will not give you that experience. This is set a few hundred years after this time period, which in my opinion makes it a more even playing field if you are wanting to play Factions other than Roman.Multiplayer only increases this games appeal to me, being able to bring a good friend along the windy road of Empire building is truly the cherry on the cake of an already fantastic game, And i much recommend this to anyone wanting a decent Co-op experience. Not to mention those wanting PvP Strategy.Very fluid and intuitive controls in battle, UI can be a little confusing at first if you are used to another TW's UI, but overall very good.Breath taking graphics for the machines that can put a little more Horsepower through it, i run on medium settings and it's more than acceptable.a bit miffed on the DLC's as i think some should have been shipped in the base game, Nonetheless they are worth a grab on sale.The way to really make this game sing is with Mods! Fantastic modding community and easy execution with Workshop integration for quick and simple mod installation. Just click + Play.Overall, Delivers exactly what you expect from a Total War game. If you enjoyed the others then this is definitely for you, Just don't go in to it expecting Rome 2 Clone. This game is about the Underdog's of European history... The Tribes, The Religions, The Hun!---------------------------------------------------------------------Base Game - 8/10Game + DLC's + Radious Mod = 9.9/10"
76561198111293762,Recommended,325610,35458054,Posted: 3 October,all,Wolfy | Trading,Good Game try it out sorta hard if your pc is bad or average but a good game if you can run 30 FPS on med then its a good game but hard to pick up if your new to total war if your new than maybe try out med 2 or rome or something like that anyway buy this game and enjoy what sega has offered :D
76561198144329151,Recommended,325610,34798707,Posted: 7 September,all,GamerX,Total War Attila is my favorite strategy game for good campaing and great graphics <3
76561198310910875,Recommended,325610,35290586,Posted: 29 September,all,KURGAN,Best game ever
76561198053987978,Recommended,325610,14511879,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,DF-Rommel,"Got to say....I love this game so far and wish these were implemented into Rome 2,however the past is the past and the way I see it is that CA is returning to its roots + more."
76561198008299889,Not Recommended,325610,14804721,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Hidden Gunman,Wait for an AI patch...
76561198003045688,Not Recommended,325610,14724854,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,lou_601,disapointed with the DLC twice in a week just feel let down by CA and sega.
76561197968791017,Recommended,325610,14845978,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,EnIgMa99,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nbVCR4PsAjYPlus:New featuresNew graphicsNew mechanicsNegative:same map :P
,Not Recommended,325610,14525595,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Mr. Duke,"I realy like new game with new government system, difference with types of factions, advanced diplomacy and new small features like fire, settlement destruction and fertility.BUT! This is best ROME 2 mod for worst price.And there are some bugs also - freezes, crashes, localization mistakes,etc. (less than it has been to ROME 2)RECOMENDATION: IF YOU CAN BE PATIENT - BUY IT ON DISCOUNT WHEN DLCs ARE OUT."
76561198075355766,Recommended,325610,14511812,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,[ONX]-HiK4Ri,I have no regret for pre-purchase this ^ ^
76561198034653268,Recommended,325610,14647726,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Tmallia,Decide to play as SaxonsPut difficluty to Very HardHave fun for first turn building up my city and TroopsLand in south England 395 A.D.Take Camuldunum or whatever its calledKick back and relax in my new colony397 A.D. Western Roman empire comes back with 2 armiesI look on with horror as my whole army is destroyed by Roman legionsThey retake the land from meI begin to think this is a bit harder then rome 2Back in Germany I get declared war on by the Longbards and the Germanic PeoplesIn 398 A.D. 4 full stack armies appear on my borderUnder Seige untill 399 A.D.Defend untill General takes an arrow to the kneeDies...My whole army routes10/10 would play the Saxons again
76561198039252858,Recommended,325610,14691429,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Lee Atlas Anderson,Needs some improvement though brilliant game.
,Not Recommended,325610,14532903,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Sammoththemammoth,Would recommend waiting till a patch comes out as I receive the 12 files cannot validate error.
76561198040059665,Not Recommended,325610,14522554,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Long Dong Silver,Still can't recruit individual units without a general.  Family tree is back.  Research feel significant again.  Prettier UI and general aesthetics.  5/10 I'll probably keep playing but all I really wanted was a new Shogun 2 in a more interesting era.
76561197992680637,Recommended,325610,14732427,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Drholiday,Great improvement for the series.
,Not Recommended,325610,30699659,Posted: 23 March,all,Papa Shrek,"Overpriced trash that lacks logic at every single step and focuses on useless mechanics while flat out ignoring the issues that have been ongoing in every single Total War game since Medieval 2 and has yet to be fixed.To start out, diplomacy, remember that? Might as well call it ♥♥♥♥youmacy because the AI will flat out refuse every single offer you make, no matter how reasonable. Got 100+ relations with Eastern Roman Empire who broke their alliance by refusing to join you in a war and want a non-aggression pact? Not happening.Have 3 full armies advancing an a secluded barbarian capital and want peace? Not a chance in hell son. It would be better if they just removed the diplomacy mechanic from the game all together so at least they won't be deceiving you into thinking such a thing actually exists.Next up is siege AI. You have a low 15% chance that the AI won't attack a walled city at all and prefer to sit outside the gates until the timer has run out, this happened on my very first siege battle.Then you have a low 50% chance that they'll completely ignore your soldiers and advance to the town square with the same generic Roman colosseum placed in nearly every Roman city. If you are lucky enough to have neither of these happen, they'll willingly throw their cavalry away charging into a deadly wall of spears, again, and again, and again.Deploying soldiers is a nightmare and you'll constantly have to babysit your soldiers if you attempt any manuevers because pathfinding is laughably bad, nearly Empire-tier. When I order my archers to fire at the enemy within my town square they naturally form a 2 man wide 80 man deep line, then the front will be so stretched that they actually engage the enemy and then the whole unit will follow them into melee combat.Civilians can be seen during siege battles which is really nice for immersion, but one has to wonder why they spent resources on this instead of actually fixing and testing the ♥♥♥♥ing game.If their siege equipment is destroyed they will sit outside the city doing nothing until the timer runs out or you sally forth.In most cities you can place 1-2 barricades in only the most redundant spots that provide no tactical advantage, but surely after months of siege they could build more than two laughable barricades? Might as well have not included this feature at all.What's hilarious is the fact that if they bring siege weapons they can set your city ablaze and burn down virtually every building, but CA can't program a functioning AI in a single one of their games.Onto battles. In real battles the engagements last for hours between days, not in Attila. Naturally the battles shouldn't play out that long in a videogame but here the battles are incredibly short, the average engagement with actual fighting is around 5-9 minutes long, with engagements only reaching 15 due to preparing and marching.I can hardly send my cavalry to flank the enemy because within a minute one of the units has already retreated with broken morale, but they'll return to battle 10 seconds later, and repeat this process until they are shattered.Another particularly, yet minor and tiring annoyance is after winning or losing a battle you have to sit through an animation between 1v1 soldiers fighting to simulate your type of victory or defeat. While interesting at first when playing as the Roman Empires you have to sit through at least 4 of these a turn seeing your pathetic garrisons be defeated.And all the animations are meant for sword wielders, so you'll see stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥like a barbarian stabbing you in the throat with his axe/club then seeing your head pop off. While it can be funny it really goes to show the lack of effort and laziness of the Creative Assembly.Everywhere throughout the game you'll see a great lack of effort in design and eventually come to wonder what chuckling idiot could ♥♥♥♥ up so many clear concepts.I could rant forever but I will end this here with a few pointers.Cons:-UI-AI-Diplomacy-Battles-Sieges-Lazy design decisions-DLC (Blood and burning pack, really? It's funny because the description for it talks about realism when I just saw a dude's head get cut off with a club)-Mod unfriendly so people ""want"" to buy DLC-Online Encyclopedia for basic information that is down half the timePros:-Graphics-Improved leader system from Rome II (still subpar)-Music"
76561198133715366,Not Recommended,325610,14812152,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,BLACK CANE CORSO,the game is fine but it's crashing  many time while i play. i don't recommend until fix that error.
,Recommended,325610,14512326,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,F2K | J.Persson,"Have only just started playing it and i can already feel that this is far superior to Rome II. A better campaign map, alot more options, both new and old features making a return, better AI and overall a great expansion. I will, as for now, give this game my biggest recommendation. Thank you CA for not dropping the ball on this one.9/10"
,Not Recommended,325610,18053550,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Ninblades,"For the price of all the DLCs added together you can buy Witcher 3 right now, which comes with the base game plus:-Collectible card game called Gwent.-16 pieces of free dlc content.-Free blood and gore.-DId I mention Gwent?-A heartwarming thank you card from the developer.-A map.-A comic and music soundtrack.-Gwent is so good!On a serious note, CA needs to do some serious soul-searching and look at what their competition is doing. This series has been stagnant under SEGA's management for a long time now, and they need to overhaul the entire game from the engine to the gameplay mechanics and everything else in between.-Learn about engaging Campaign gameplay from Paradox games & Crusader Kings-Learn from CDProjekt Red about approach to DLCs and expansions-Learn from Valve about support for modding-Give SEGA management a firm, hard kick in the nuts and tell them to get their sh*t togetherThen maybe, Total War will experience another Renaissance like the days of RTW."
76561198021176041,Recommended,325610,14511960,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Fruitpunch-Samurai G,Runs a bit slow but then again that could definetly be my rig. Although the games recommended settings doesn't seem to think so. Overall no bugs that catch my attention and the game is awesome. Time to sack Rome again.
76561198087795514,Not Recommended,325610,17002784,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Snaketeen12,"NO, NIEN, GTF AWAY FROM THAT..... these are the words i use when im talking to a friend that says he wants to buy a NEW Total War game... i have loved the series since the first Total War i played, which was Empire... then i bought Rome, then Napoleon.... the DLC on Empire and Napoleon was FINE then... but now they sell you 1/100 OF A GAME!!! then they piece the other 99/100 over time... charging you for things that should be in the ♥♥♥♥ing game already... believe me i want to see new things from CA/SEGA or any of the other companies... but i WILL NOT pay for a game which is 90% DLC.... if they remake Medieval Total War with their new♥♥♥♥♥♥piece of a engine.. then their might not be hope... unless they go for a new time period... yes im aware of the War Hammer one they're making.. but who will be suprissed if its pieced in like the previous 2 games?"
76561198109327905,Not Recommended,325610,14525312,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,_Aeon_,"One of the things that I personally loved about Rome 2 is the diversity of factions to play. I pre-ordered this and there was no variety of the factions (even with the Viking Forefathers DLC). There was only 3 empires and the rest were barbarians. This may be a problem with my laptop, but I pre-ordered this game on the last day, and the game stopped in the middle of the cinematics twice already. I hoped this game could live up to Rome 2 standards, but all I got was just a cool idea the devs created and made it into a game with no appeal and no forethought in it."
76561198028409117,Recommended,325610,14593810,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,FredNing,There's only one thing: Survive
76561198007393646,Recommended,325610,14550377,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Lambert,I castrated my general to make him loyal to the cause. 10/10
76561198033727969,Not Recommended,325610,23173546,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,madez11,"I can run Rome 2 on Ultra, but can only get 30 frames on Attila with the lowest{LINK REMOVED}settings...WTF?!CA!"
76561198019015130,Not Recommended,325610,14554353,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,"Theokoles, Hun Slayer","At this point in time, I cannot recommend this game, it is very broken for unknown reasons to me. It crashes every 3 or 4 turns for me while it is doing the cycling for other factions at end turn. As it ends it does one of two things. It will just freeze, or it will pop all my stuff up but I cannot move my units or click anything but I can scroll the map and see all the events that passed that turn. All the units are the same crap in my opinion. The Roman soldiers don't seem to be elite in any way to the nomadic hordes as I always crush them even though if I compared the unit cards, the Romans should be absolutely killing me. One seriously unhappy Total War for life fan here. Just gave you Rome II with better political system and better skill trees."
76561197971640510,Not Recommended,325610,19647919,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Huggles `,"Victims of corporate SEGA greed, Creative Assembly have decided again not to invest in a new 64big engine that can actually support more animations (leading to axemen poking their axes like swords in this game), better AI (leading to the wonderful crappiness we all expect from TW games), etc.Various more remarkably stupid design decisions meant to simplify the game make it even more sad (soldiers are no longer individual units, but now a whole unit has ""hitpoints"" which are slowly whittled down, leading to the wonderful scenario where all the men stay standing through 3 hails of arrows, and then the 4th one kills all of them at once), etc etc.This is actually the best TW game in recent memory, to be honest, but it gives in to the lack of new engine and a lot of really wierd design decisions, but the worst is of course the AI.Any real TW player knows we could live with pretty much anything except bad AI.Also it kind of just grows boring after one or two playthroughs, much unlike the old M:TW1 and R:TW1 which kept themselves fresh somehow."
,Not Recommended,325610,14617306,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Nyx,Good features but extremly boring timeframe. If they just implemented those features into Rome 2 it would be an excellent game.
76561198015380104,Not Recommended,325610,14574386,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Blitz_Kitten,"This game pisses me off.There is very little real depth. You can't chose where to retreat, leaving a battle means all your men are dead. Where is the historical accuracy. Why can't I constantly outrun a force of infantry on the main map when my army is almost entirely cavalry?Enemy agents will not die when you try to assassinate them, and will kill your entire family tree in a few turns or decimate your army with poison. Really some dude, by himself, carried enough poison on his back, and had enough time to put said poison into half my armies food supply, over and over and over and over again? I know who the guy is, my agents are trying to kill him. Just send in some troops and cut the guys head off already.The battles are okay, way to fast paced. All the units must be god like to run around in 60lbs+ armor and not be tired. This game is too arcade like. Not really my cup of tea. After a few battles and may turns of just waiting around to be able to do something, it get boring.I am on a beast PC and I have bad load times. If you don't have an amazing machine don't even bother."
,Not Recommended,325610,14750443,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Ahlx192,"hey CA, after 120 hours of gameplay, here is my report to you and other players:I'm playing as Western Roman Empire (WRE) and guess what..1) I can use 12 units of mine to defeat 20 full stack units of hordes. no problem!2) I can run a lot of tactics to conquer enemy territories, no problem!3) I can play the family tree politics for more authorities, no problem!BUT..WHY ON EARTH YOU ARE TRYING TO TORTURE ME WITH OVERPOWERED CORRUPTION?-I have 90 territories and the corruption is nearly 90% and I'm not even set foot on Middle East, Eastern Europe, Asia Minor, etc. I can imagine what will happen to my coffer if I conquered another 10 territories. IF you don't want us to conquer all the places, then please say so!CAN YOU PLEASE REBALANCE THE PUBLIC ORDER PENALTIES OF SOME BUILDING?-when a city is been fully upgraded, it has +5 or +6 for public order, while a town factory is -10 when fully upgraded. looks like CA is telling us that:""HORDES AND CORRUPTION ARE NOT ENOUGH FOR YOU, THAT'S WHY I GIVE YOU REBELLION <3""LOVE FROM CAEVERYTHING IS SOOOOO EXPENSIVE! I'M NOT A MONEY-PRINTER YOU KNOW!-colonize a town: 9000 gold, upgrade a city from tier 2 to tier 3: 6000 gold, etc. HEY CA my bro! my income is about 4000 gold per turn! dont forget of your OP corruption too! EVEN TECHS NEED 25OOO GOLD IN THE END!-1 of the best part is: churches and water systems are putting salt on my hemorrhargic wounds by sucking more gold from me. WELL DONE CA! YOU ARE SQUEEZING ME HARD!REPATCH PLEASE SO THAT I CAN INTRODUCE THIS GAME TO MY FRIENDS! OK?"
,Not Recommended,325610,14753618,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,1erMarins_Sgt_Ryan_Jenkins,"I was excited for TW: Attila, and it was fun and all. But this will probably be my last TW game if they keep pulling this DLC♥♥♥♥♥♥ I won't play your games any longer if you keep excluding things from the game, and then continuing to make people pay extra for it.Just release a good, finished game and maybe you wouldn't lose fans. It's common ♥♥♥♥ing sense guys."
76561198097312314,Recommended,325610,14717447,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,小红,挺不错的，最近才开始玩起全战系列，还算小菜鸟一枚。不过游戏中战争场面的刻画很生动，这也是我入手全战的原因. Family tree的加入增加了游戏的乐趣性，显得更真实了。大地图中各个地形城市的细节刻画也很到位。总之是一款好游戏，花很多时间在上面也不会腻。期待以后能做些关于中国古代或近现代战争的系列出来～
76561198008898349,Recommended,325610,14560577,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,[TFM]bobcat,"just started playing this game a little while ago and so far so good. I'm really liking the game overall. I started off playing as the Western Roman empire which is a real challenge but feels very realistic as I face numerous challenges and always feel like the empire is on the brink of collapse. Playing as this faction forces you to make very startegic choices in how to use what limited resources are available. For instance in my game, though I've managed to hold the empire intact so far, only really losing ground in Britain and the Adriatic I still face rebellions and barbarian raids throughout much of my territory, particularly in France. Rather than build improvements where I know they will be destroyed so I focus on building up Spain and Italy to be my core regions.The only thing I have not really liked so far is how difficult the home situation is in the game. While it is realistic for there to be revolts in my territories It should not be literally everywhere. Moreover, things I do to try to improve this situation are not very helpful as govenors, even with the bread and games edicts, do not over very significant help and as efforts to produce more food only raise unhappiness. The problem then becomes a spiral as building buildings to raise happiness  only eats up more food while producing more food only raises unhappiness and I can't detail constant military presence to these regions."
76561198290308867,Not Recommended,325610,33509563,Posted: 13 July,all,ivan_santos550,"I deleted it afterwards. Do not buy. Not for older Total War fans just not a fun Total War game. I regret buying it and the DLC. A terrible game compared to Shogun 2, Rome 1 and Medieval 2. Slightly better than Rome 2 and Empire."
76561198067846289,Not Recommended,325610,31380684,Posted: 26 April,all,Æthelwulf,"Only get this game if you're playing mods; vanilla isn't fun. Archers and other ranged classes are literally the only unit that matters in this game, it's really stupid and not balanced at all.Whoever has more skimishers or archers wins everytime, with no exceptions, period."
76561198020642881,Not Recommended,325610,19566979,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,citizen_ychoux,"I've been a Total War player since the first Shogun.Despite being all round much better than the horrible Rome 2, I didn't enjoy playing Attila.I can see the point of playing a crumbling empire, but it's not my style. I prefer starting small and build my kingdom.Sadly, to do so, you can only play barbarians.What a grand game Rome 2 would have been if Attila had been an expansion instead of being a standalone.Instead of this glorious vision, Rome 2 will remain a farce, and Attila doesn't have the epicness of the anthic era.You really f*cked it up as much as you could, Creative Assembly."
,Not Recommended,325610,16729319,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Valmirius,"Looks worse and runs worse than Medieval 2...but I played it for free. I would go neutral if possible since my nostalgia is dead. I'm not bitter enough to detract in detail from all of the horrible mechanics still present from Rome 2. There is a fair reason it went from positive to mixed/negative. Ultimately that is because CA gave many angry but thrifty fans a free pass.  All the people who bought this and gave those positive reviews after buying Rome 2 are usually one of the following: newcomer fanboys, those who don't care for strategy, those who were amazed CA could make a decentish game (in comparison to Rome 2) or those who had buyer's denial.EDIT: I ended up buying it just for the multiplayer campaign I had started. The game has somewhat grown on me, but I can't bring myself to recommend anything from CA. My points still stand. Until a replacement is found for the genre I guess I will be hopelessly buying DLC to complete their games."
,Not Recommended,325610,16742068,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Fulgrim the Phoenician,its the same as rome 2this game is not worth a single fingernail
76561198093831543,Recommended,325610,14688058,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Outlaw8908,"Alright, after 60+ hours of gameplay in Total War: Attila I am ready to give my thoughts on the game and whether to recommend it or not.To answer the question is it better than Rome II? Yes it is. The game has the return of family trees and these feel immediately better than the empty faction olitics of the previous game. They also grant some kind of characterization. The political actions cost influence which is gained from governance or as a General. You also have many other things to keep an eye on such as your Dominion meter, Power meter, and control dictate  lot of the faction politics and can be crazy to maintain. Especially as Western Rome. The poliics in the world itself is rather basic and easier to understand but it still does some rather stupid stuff. An example of this I had a puppet state go to war with me for little to no reason because I went to war with another faction. They had no relation ship with them or trade so WTH.. Another is always denying trade agreements and non-aggression pacts when you are neutral with these factions.. it is rather ridiculous.This leads me to the AI itself. It is a ruthless one as the killer instinct is here and it is unforgiving if you make a mistake. But the path finding is rather crappy so far but it is an overall improvement but not much of one. The auto resolving is also a bit odd as I had battles when I outnumbered them 2 to 1 and still had a low chance according to the AI which is another reason why I say its not perfect. I had to fight those and show it up and brutally.New mechanics in the gameplay is abandoning areas with a scorched earth policy and razing and sacking cities and towns. But the biggest is horde mode in which you are a migrating horde ith camps to maintain and build to grow through sacking and razing. Oh a reminder when you sack a city let us move away from it s they recoup. These factions add a challenge in maintence and if you choose to settle the consequences of this. It is a difficult transition.Civil War factions also can create their own faction which is interesting and makes things chaotic. As they were historically.Overall I can give a recommend to this title but with a caveat there is still problems with AMD and so on rigs as the optimization is still not that good. Also the DLC is odd given the game is how old? Come on CA.. PATCH YOUR GAME FIRST!!!Overall tip play as Western Rome for the biggest challenge.. Oh boy.. Pain in the butt."
76561198002560613,Recommended,325610,14512463,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Superpootin,"Only played a little and will update if/when my opinion changes, but honestly looks much better. UI = much improved, family mechanics are good (although it's no CK2), factions have variety, combat looks nice, no glaring historical inaccuracies in the tribes I have encountered. Overall i'd recommend it over Rome 2 by a long shot."
76561198006844129,Recommended,325610,14513245,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Mircea,I waited since medieval 2 a game like this from total war and this is it ....it s mind blowing
,Not Recommended,325610,14525459,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Entitled Gamer,Game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Optimization is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Still the same old♥♥♥♥♥♥Time back to FotS. Hopefully when they make Genghis Khan or China Total War the engine will have been scrapped.
76561198072365007,Not Recommended,325610,18037475,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,kümm,"Nope, not impressed. Step it up fam."
76561198009205423,Recommended,325610,21837913,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,OM Dim,"A great game at a great price on sale. The DLC is NOT vital to the game. Try vanilla first and if you want more get your DLC at a later date when it is on sale, CA is to be commended for learning from earlier mistakes. This is the ROME we were hoping for. At the moment the Warhammer Total War title is looking to be fantastic as well."
76561198008849906,Not Recommended,325610,23294121,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,[S8J] Alidrules,"Consider firing whomever designed the Diplomacy as well as the Campaign AI. It makes no sense the Huns would by pass 4 provinces of fellow barbarians they are unallied with just to attack Rome. Geates should not be attacking at Carthage When their only settlement is in NORWAY! Random far east countries declaring war on the Western Romans every other turn only to file for peace. Nonsensical provincial instabilities. One turn 100 happiness with +15 green. Next turn -25. No loss of buildings, storms, removal of armies, enemy agents or Hordes. Youve made an Arbitrary arcade game and not a true Total War game."
,Not Recommended,325610,30204234,Posted: 26 February,all,b1ghvher,So little to do in this game. Big thumbs down.
76561198019631360,Recommended,325610,14538950,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Cookie Crisp Cereal,It's basically Total War: Rome ll on steroids.
76561198007299273,Recommended,325610,14551417,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Tim,"So i have just finsihed the eastern roman empire campaign of atilla resulting in a cultural victory, YAY! grats for me i know. Now some of my friends have their doubts about this game so i decided to write short review: for those who know me (and those who dont as well i suppose) i will make a compairison to the earlier total war games:Now Atilla TW is basicly rome 2 TW with the following changes:most notable new game mechanics:1) the politics system has been overhauld. It now actually does something. It did not cause mayor problems in my campaign but it has actually becomes something that you cannot ignore. and even better it no longer starts (scripted) civil wars.2) abandon/raze setlements. You can decided that upon capture of a settlement what to do with it. nothing new here except for a new option: raze. use this when you dont want the region the settlement is in. it will burn the town to the ground and the area arround it will become desolate. Now personally i think that this option is a little overpowered at the moment. all you have to do to win a war is send units into your enemies lands and raze every town he has to the ground. dont get me wrong, the new mechanic is strategicly valuable. however it is (imo) done too fast: razing is instantly while rebuilding a town can easily take 30+ turns and cost over 30k treasure. for an update i would suggest ensuring that razing takes time (lets say 1 or 2 turns) during which your army performing the razing cannot move. such that your enemy has a chance to either save the settlement or at least regroup its defenses.3) the horde factions: this game has a new type of factions: the hordes these are factions that only have armies. however these armies are diffrent from for example the roman ones. i did not have time to fully explore them since i have not played a horde race yet but if i understand correctly they can for example construct buildings within their armies i might update this review later once i understand their full fucntionalities.4) You still have the one thing i hated in rome 2 TW: Food. The AI couldnt handle it in rome 2 and it has basicly been a disaster ever since. except now with a twist: climate change actually makes you produce less food as the game progresses. now the goal of this mechanic is to force barberian factions to migrate south. except for that it doesnt since it makes ALL farms (even freaking egypt) end up with soild rating poor/infertile. and everyone just stays where they are. all it does is force you to spend resources converting industry to farms to feed your people.So the good... the bad... and the dlc...so here we are at the overview. i will try to be brief. after all you have some gaming to do.The Good1) this game is basicly what rome 2 TW should have been. (i.e. a working version of rome 2 TW but with some extra contend)2) the cutsences are really well made. allthough i personally dont really care for the biblical refrences in them.3) politics have been overhauld until they work4) research choices now have a bigger effect on your empire so its worth paying a lot of attention to5) The game never *stabiliezes* arround 1 big empire. the hordes make everything dynamic and moving.  which makes it more fun6) if things dont work in the way you want it to... you can always say: sod it! and just burn the whole place down.7) it already worked better at launch then rome 2 TW has ever worked8) new gameplay with horde factions.The badthe game has many new points... some of them i like.... some of them i did not like... these are the mechanics of which i feel that more work is required to make them work properly1) the climate change mechanic. i can understand if you disagree but in its current state i feel that it just doesnt work. if you want to force factions to migrate you have to make one side of the map worse... not the whole map (thats what happens now) i am sorry but giving egypt and afrika a poor soil status because of longer winters in the north is rediculous. i will most likely end up just using a mod to either weaken, or remove the effect completely.2) diplomacy is broken (just as it was in rome 2). especially if you play as romans: everyone hates you. at some point in managed to get myself into a position as eastern romans where i was not at war with anyone and i just randomly began losing diplomatic *like* points until someone declared war on me for no reason. from my experience i have the feeling that the AI uses diplomacy to actively screw me over. I mean: at the end of the game my allies in afrika, for whom i have gone through fire and flames. we fought 5+ wars together. i am finally at peace for 10 turns and they randomly begin to hate me. similarily: people who hate you at the start of the game (in the case of the romans... everyone) will remain to do so until the end of the game despite your best efforts. also: -150 diplomatic points because i am winning (have a big empire) is not really fair...3) some research blocks some building for which there is no (new) alternative. which sucks because you really need some of these blocked buildings...4) campaign range of defending forces and attacking forces are the same... good you say? well no it isnt... a barberian horde can just outrun your defending armies anywhere in your empire... all the while burning down your towns and cities. The same thing holds for fleets. transport ships for land units have the same range as *dedicated* fleets. which makes fleets useless since their only real use would be to intercept barberian transport ships moving towards your shores. i am not saying that defenders should have a HUGE bonus in range but something like 5% or 10% would be realistic since they have to have some change of intercepting a barberian horde at some point instead of going round and round in circles. A similar thing holds for fleets. if you go through the effort of raising a fleet it should be able to intercept enemy transport fleets before they go ashore... because once a army goes ashore, the fleet can no longer attack it.5) the number of cities in the map has been reduced when its compaired with the map of rome 2. Its not a big reduction (i initially did not notice) but it has been reduced. which is really too bad because i would like a map with many... many more cities. more cities would also make the razing of settlements a more strategic topic. since you can use it to create buffer zones at your borders (desolate lands cause high atrition damage)6) The AI is definitely better then the one of rome 2. I completely understand the difficulty in programming the AI but the AI makes verry unwise decisions. for example entering lands of a faction you are at war in where there are massive armies just waiting to kill you. To illustrate: Atilla lead his huns deep into my territory at some point. I dont know why because this allowed me to surround him with 10 of my own legions and completely wipe the huns out in one single, massive battle.The DLCyou did not expect this? well with release i got the *viking dlc* for free since i preorderd.... now i just noticed this dlc is 7.5 euros... if you are thinking about it... DO NOT BUY IT. the viking factions look and act exeactly the same as the barbarian kingdom factions which you can play with the vanilla version of the game.... dear makers of the game: if you want me to pay 7.50 euros for the viking then at least make them look diffrent from the barberian ones. especially the architecture of their cities could have been made a lot better since it currently has no *viking architecture* at all.verdict:well as far as i feel, despite some things that i do not like, this game is definitely worth playing. I hope you have as much fun with it as i have had. just a reminder: DO NOT BUY THE VIKING DLC SINCE IT IS WORTHLESS."
76561198028476593,Not Recommended,325610,14688103,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Bane,"One step forward, two steps back...I'll keep this short and sweet.  Yes, this game is excellent, and a vast improvement over Rome 2 in almost every conceivable way.  It's fun, the combat is exciting, and what happens on the campaign map is sometimes even MORE exciting than the battles.  My gripe?  CA continuing to squeeze every last god damned cent out of their fanbase.  ""Oh hey, just paid $45 bucks for the game?  Aww man, but you can only play as like...10 factions.  Oh, for an extra $7 we'll let you play as these 3, and for ANOTHER $7 you can play as THESE 3.  So basically, if you pay an extra $45, you'll get the whole ♥♥♥♥ing game you already paid for.""  Seriously, quit insulting us.  Oh yeah, and I bet that's why they didn't let the game release with the workshop option - they learned their lesson from Rome 2 when people released mods that opened up every single faction in the game before the BS dlc packs released.  Clever, huh?"
,Not Recommended,325610,19870008,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Dělník1911,"It is a good game, but gets boring after a whileSuper long time when doing quests like having 60 rounds to conquer nearby village... really?Not worth even those 30€ when it was on sale.And DO NOT buy those DLC's, you will waste your money."
76561198028884388,Not Recommended,325610,21331670,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,GravyBacon1,"not really that different enogu to be considered a seperate game, it is honestly a DLC for Rome 2."
76561197967504774,Not Recommended,325610,14737656,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Empty,Did this game become even more lazy with its DLC packs. I mean the game has not even been out for a month now and they released two culture packs for a money grab. Tell me this is worth the money when they could have just left them playable in the game. It's one thing with Rome 2 having new maps and campaigns like Hannibal at the gates these culture packs have no heart and soul to them neither did the Rome 2 culture packs but at least they added a little more flare. I remember in the day when Total War meant something for equality.
,Recommended,325610,15434322,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Henry,"This game is very good.I know loads of people are putting the reviews down but they are all doing so due to the fact that they have released so much DLC in a short amount of time.  If you enjoy the TW series then you will enjoy this game, I have only just finished playing the prologue and that alone lasted for four hours.There are many new and many improved parts of the game and I highly reccomend it, the other reviews are just because of the DLC, but if you're that fussed just don't buy the DLC?  Shouldn't make you not play it because they held some content back, all you're doing by not buying the game is starving yourself of a good game."
,Recommended,325610,14949676,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Indolent Sybarite,"Hundreds of hours of gameplay without the DLC for 45$, easily the best grand strategy game I have played."
76561198006604161,Not Recommended,325610,14738546,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Coir,"Game is obviously going to be plagued with the new DLC business model. Wait for Steam sales to buy if at all.Still has numerous bugs and imperfections that require mods to fix and in some instances just plain broken. Too many errors to count in the Encylopedia. AI still buggy and doing stupid things. New features don't work as well as they should and when oh when will we get a threat option in our diplomacy. Looks like CA didn't learn much from the release or the issues plagued TW Rome 2.Having said that after many hours I do enjoy playing Attila and no doubt will continue to play the TW games line. But I do not ever recommend it to my friends or tell them it is a good game because the improvements required are still numerous. if I'm not going to recommend it privately I can't recommend it publiclly. If you are going to buy TW games make sure you do your research to ensure the game will give you what you want out of gameplay bugs, warts and all."
,Not Recommended,325610,21215413,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Dutch Master,didnt like it. stick with rome2
76561198012772759,Not Recommended,325610,18312089,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,MAD,Don't buy this game if you want to have more then a 10 -20 frame rate.I ve got a GTX 98016GB of RAMAMD- 8350 processerand even on low graphics the performance is very poor.
,Not Recommended,325610,18196439,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,OneAce117,not as good as rome 2 has its merits but lacks in  other places.doent matter anyway becasue i cant play both for not aparent reason.
,Not Recommended,325610,17841870,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Idioteque126678,Thanks for ruining the Total War series with this beautiful disaster of Nomadic-Tribe DLC.
,Recommended,325610,14537856,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Mr Feudal,"Played as Danes, pillaged all the way down to Rome. Met Attila, got ♥♥♥♥♥ slapped. GG Love it."
76561198014038947,Not Recommended,325610,22881720,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,KhaN,"Cant move troops from water, plz fix"
76561198014552101,Not Recommended,325610,16537671,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Geften,"Sadly Total war is going down hill quickly. The gaming community voiced how unhappy there were with having to spend extra money for game content. I think adding factions free of charge is a good way to keep your player base anything else will simply anger them. Nobdy no matter what they playform they game on will agree to having to pay an extra $20 in DLC's just to feel they have the full game. Also without Radious and some of these other great modders CA would then see how small their player base has become. I find i can no longer enjoy any games made by CA/Sega without using the free mods. Everything from the game campaign AI, Diplomacy and battle AI being the biggest areas of needed improvment for CA. Heaven forbid the game modders take a break they aren't paid by CA to begin with."
76561197970364805,Not Recommended,325610,16395417,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Furyan,"I'm a big fan of the total war games and if you loved Rome 2 then this game is for you.  Same style of play and I have yet to have the game crash on me.  The reason that I am giving this a negative recommendation is simple, I do not like what they have done to the campaign user interface since Rome 2.  The interface used in shogun/rome/empire was very intuative easy to navigate and fun to use.  Its not that Attilas user interface is a bad system, its just not, in my opnion, as good as what they had before.  It feels like they have cut out functionality to make it look more flashy and modern.  The best example of what I mean by this, is the built in wiki system.  When you right click on a unit or building for more informaiton in Attila and Rome 2 it takes time to load the information and you have to scroll up and down to see all the stats for that item.  I mean come on what was wrong with the information appearing instantly on one window pane so that you can quickly compare stats like in Empire.Don't get me wrong it is a great game, with many good new features, it just that to me becuase of the issues I have with the UI it just feals like a step backwards for the series.Oh well back to playing empire."
,Not Recommended,325610,16694658,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Probes,"Not what Total War is about, I want to build an empire and not have half of my provinces made desolate, i find this mechanic very tedious. Updated graphics from Rome 2 look nice, but I would personally stick with Rome 2 if you have played the Total War series before"
76561198040590793,Not Recommended,325610,33748178,Posted: 23 July,all,Cuck Or Kick,"The bugs are the reason I absolutely cannot give this a thumbs up. Just trying to play through the prologue I've encountered numerous glitches and bugs that completely prevent progression or severely hinder it.Small list of bugs I've encountered in the prologue alone:1) Advisor gets stuck. You do what is asked but for whatever reason the game doesn't count it and you can't do it over. Essentially game ending.2) Rebels are supposed to sack a city that you can then capture. Except every single one of the rebels failed. Can't declare war in the prologue, game is stuck. Also game ending.3) Randomly the End Turn button greys out despite all requirements from the advisor being met. Similar to first issue. Forces you to leave and come back to a previous save. Can result in moderate progress lost. Probably 10 or so minutes if you're not spam saving.4) (Only happened once) but the game crashed when switching to my turn from the AI. No error message just ""not responding"".  specs: i7 6700, 1060 GeForce GTX,  16gb ram, 250gb ssd, Win 10"
76561198082210313,Not Recommended,325610,17084935,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,jason.p.ellicott,"One of the pros is that the game is challenging to play.  And I don't mean gameplay, it's the act of getting the game past the launcher sequence to the actual game that will test your limits and creativity.  With 8 suggested troubleshooting options including a lobotomy you will refine your trouble shooting skills.  If you have one or two hours to play video games at a time prepare to spend 20% of those sessions battling the Launcher minigame.One you get to the game if you like the Total War franchise this is a slightly above average entry.  But the reward is not worth the bugs."
,Recommended,325610,20144739,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Moominumm,"I know that why someone dislike Total War Attila because of DLCs and some functions. There are many mods for Total Wae Attila to fix the wrong elements thing.You can play as ROmans, Eastern nation, Barbarian or Nomad Hordes its fun."
,Recommended,325610,14523844,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,firestarter_Cx,This is to Rome 2 as Napoleon was to Empire.
,Not Recommended,325610,23285849,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,smabrey,okay i fixed my promblem but my game says it running when its not and i cannot close it
,Not Recommended,325610,23461628,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Sils,"I am going to write a Ron Swanson type of recommendation, short and simpleIdeas great on paper, and great in the head, yet performed so poorly that even the average goverment could've done it better. Play Rome 2 with Divide et Impera or go to Shogun 2 Gold Edition. Either will suffice (avoid warhammer it's a game worth only for 20 euros disguised as a 60 euros fancy deeeldo).(Details)Cons-Sanitation is a great idea, but it forces you to do nothing but either go for sanitation or food or risk getting decimated-Bugged unit movement, the charge sometimes works badly ending up getting morale shocks because your right flank had a mountless horse charge into it. Literally just a routing horse, running at the flank can cause your units to route-Economy. I just cannot express my questions-Diplomacy. Are you reliable and strong or reliable and not strong or strong?  Whatever the case, the AI will flip its finger on you and tell you♥♥♥♥♥♥off-Tradition system. What?-Loyalty system. Needs tweaking. Do not try too hard to be Crusader Kings 2, you fail at it-Governors. They rebel so easily to the point of them getting renamed to LeninPros-Marine units are actually just as good now-Destruction in sieges is better than other games but still cannot top Rome 2 with Divide et Impera-Family Tree. It actually is not something useless-Problems on great empires like corruption, diseases blah blah all that cheesy stuff-Fear and morale system after victory and defeats affect your army reducing or upgrading your effectiveness-Vikings, Huns n shizzle"
76561198143501037,Not Recommended,325610,23437721,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Runertje550,Should've bought Rome 2 ;_;
,Not Recommended,325610,23988619,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Bishop,"Not great if you enjoyed tactical gameplay and grand planning.CA knows the army cap doesn't work so they've buffed the free settlement garrisons so early game you can hold off a lot of early game armies. By late game you can hold off large forces without needing an army. Sort of makes limited forces moot.Huns are just annoying, they get free stacks so you end up playing whack-a-mole with them and it's just not fun. There's no skill or tactics in it, just encourages you to rush for Attila and kill him. I've just wiped out 7 Hun full stacks and wounded Attila. Within 10 turns there's 8 full stacks.Unit varriation is rather limited, you don't unlock new units but replace old ones, you have ot use mercs for varriation and most of them don't really keep too well in the long run.Settlements, a few bugged with missing building slots CA never fixed even after claiming it's a bug, food system is broken where you can have 3000 surplus food in the empire but yet a province that has -5 food will have unrest from it.Horde mechanic makes frontlines pointless, they can just walk in to your land and happily do so forcing you to declare war or let them cause unrest, lower growth and lose money."
,Recommended,325610,20186353,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Admiral Piett,"This is a superb entry in the Total War series. The foreboding and depressing atmosphere is completely engrossing and the visuals are remarkable. The introduction of sanitation and the expansion of food mechanics adds a great deal more thought to empire building on the campaign map. Most previous entries were bare bones in this regard, where you just built the newer building because it was better. Speaking of the campaign map, there is a lot more to do than just occupying cities. Most factions in the game don't need to form a massive empire to win. Instead, they are given objectives such as gaining a certain amount of money from sacking and raiding. Factions can enter horde mode and roam around the map pillaging as they go while the Huns burn everything in sight. The two Roman Empires already start the campaign huge and need to fight a desperate battle to survive. This adds a great deal more variety in faction playstyles than has been in previous games. Tactical battles are also excellent, among the best in the series.The AI is solid overall, though still not perfect. It performs well in tactical battles and can be a challenge on the campaign map as well. My one major complaint is that it seems reluctant to attack a walled city if you have a garrison inside it, meaning that you never get to fight defensive battles in large walled cities. You can easily abuse this shortcoming of the AI to create ""no go"" zones to keep enemies, particularly the Huns, from reaching important parts of your empire.Overall I give this game a recommendation. Especially now, since all the annoying faction DLC goes on sale fairly often for much more reasonable prices."
,Recommended,325610,15119655,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Nigerian Prince,"I play as the Franks. I declare war on the Western Roman Empire. Right of the bat I start losing, I'm like screw it i take both my millatary forces and migrate to africa. That is where I take a city from Rome. Five Roman Legions come down to Africa. I retreat to PALESTAIN (not Isreal) where the Romans chase me. I end up in Afganastan. Next thing you know the Western Roman Empire took all of Europe. This makes the Huns retreat to Afganastan where the afgani Franks fight the retreating Attila. Attila takes all of Afganastan except one stronhold. The Huns take all of India/Pakistan/Afganastan and they finally attack me with 2000+forces while i have 11 troops. I get slaughtered. Attila becomes the emperor of India. 10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,325610,19641832,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,GREEN ANIME MAN,"* I am not making any comments on the game's DLC policy that everybody seems to be butthurt about*Total War: ATTILA is this game a lot of cats seem hella pumped for. And this game is sitting in my Steam Library for review so I'm like, yeah man, I'll write something. But I don't know. I'm like, this is about Huns or some noise? Thats fine, I'm sure thats like ♥♥♥♥in' dynamite in a handbag for some brosephs. But all I'm saying is when do you get tothrashanything? Like when you're playing Emperor or some♥♥♥♥♥♥are you ever in jeprody of getting wine on your robes or barbarians busting out, and I quote ""the mad stunts and wicked up-ins""?But anyways, on to the actual review. So Total War: Attila is a pretty solid game. Compared to Rome II, the game is quite a bit more challenging. Battles are much more dynamic with morale and fatigue being very fluid so this allows for decisive moments in a battle to bring you the cake. Ranged troops are still pretty good with javelin troops still being king, infantry are more or less the same though a bit more defensive in general, cavalry is also pretty much the same. Field artillery has been significantly changed, onagers still exist though they aren't anywhere near the balista of Rome II, most of them are more like the scorpions of its predecessor. I'm not to sold on the unit progression in Attila, rather than better units being recruitable from better baracks like in Rome II, units are upgraded with the 'retrain' button once a certain technology has been reached to unlock its upgrade. On one hand it ensures that the AI will have high quality armies, something of an issue in Rome II. On the other hand it means towards the late game everybody will be fielding armies of entirely elite troops wich just feels wrong.The campaign map looks pretty nice compared to Rome II's. Armies have a new integrity feature, its a cool idea but pretty easy to manage so it might as well be not there. Politics are much more refined than in RII, but still pretty easy to manage with the minor exception of the two Roman factions simply because they have a metric ♥♥♥♥ton of random politicians floating about. The Family tree is back and about as useful as it was in the previous games, which is to say not at all. Diplomacy is about the same, though factions really hate it if you have more than like 10 settlements because the 'Great Power' penalty is huge and Imperium is too easy to get, you will be at war pretty often if you get big. Food and money are both significant resources, oftentimes food becomes scarce preventing full delelopment in cities which I felt was nice. Religion is pretty cool, but it's more or less just a replacement for Rome II's culture system instead of an additional feature.The new Horde mechanics are kind of cool though not too different from being sedentary, the transistion from horde to sedantary is a little jarring though when it comes to wealth. The fertility drop events are nice in theory, but in practice it just leaves the game with virtually no fertile areas by the end which is just lame.I probably missed a lot but whatever. Overall its a pretty solid game if you like strategy games. 8/10"
,Recommended,325610,15510877,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,The Fir Darrig,"This is a great game first of all. One of the best TWs out there as far as I'm concered. So lets get to it then shall we?Pros:-Great Soundtrack:-Rome 1 and Attila have the series cornered in the music with Attila's music really setting the perfect feeling of                   .             apocolypse at the hands of a nomadic tribe.-The Obvious.... RTS and TBS Mixing:-For those of you who are new total war, the base idea behind the game is amazing. Turn based campaign for     .            whereyou manage your empire, build your cities, etc. etc. It really is one of the greatest strategy series out      .            there in my opinion.-Graphics:-No the graphics are not the greatest graphics in history, and at times the game's preformance drops if you try  .             to go beyond your computer's capabilities. BUT considering that you can have 10,000+ people per army         .             fighting all at once, the graphics are plenty fine can't have everything people.-Dificulty:-This game is NOT easy all the time. While yes the AI may seem overly agressive, CA went with a plan to create  .              an apocolyptic feel to the game. But you can always custimize your difficulty when you start a new game.       .              Want to take in the scenery and play casually? Set the diffuculties (one for campaign one for battle) to easy   .              and relax. Want hell? Set all difficulties to legendary, Ppick Western Roman Empire for your first game and try  .              to hold every singe territory. without losing a single battle.Cons:-Demanding:-Yes this game can be hard on computers especially older ones. But like i said earlier, you can have 10,000+    .              individual soldiers one the field at once. Though you can lessen this by simply reducing graphics levels and      .              unit size.-Bugs/oddities:-Yes there are bugs like all games. But show me a gmae that has no bugs and I'll show you a movie. Some are   .              can affect you for sure, CTDs, thje occasional freeze, but these are minor in my opinion. Maybe 2 CTD since I  .              got it at release, and they are still patching. Then there is the occasional oddity. Such as (in my opinion at       .              least) the chopping down of gates with melee units. While better than the old torches, I'd prefer it where you                .              lose if you can't breach the walls instead of suiciding gates. But hey to each their own.Neutral: (THESE DO NOT AFFECT MY OVERALL RATING. THESE ARE JUST THINGS I HAVE AN OPINION ON/ WOULD LIKE TO TALK ABOUT)-DLC:-Yes there are a ton of people complaining about the many DLCs. I personally have no problem with them. CA .               is a business after all, so let me talk about the two main ones so far released.-Culture Packs:-These are simply where you pay money to unlock certian factions to play as along with some   .                                       new units and building. Attila's culture packs are actually fairly decent with all (minus the         .                                       viking one) having little stories at go along with them. The main complaint agaisnt these is      .                                       ""HOW DARE YOU CA, HOW DARE YOU CUT CONTENT FROM THE GAME THAT SHOULD BE IN                     .                                       BASE GAME YOU EVIL B******S HOW DARE YOU."" Well, you don't like it don't buy it. That        .                                       simple. These are NOT essential. It is not like CA is removing the ability to play the battles and .                                       turning that into DLC. No, they are simply officially unlocking a faction in game. I repeat. Don't .                                       Like it? Don't buy it.-Blood and Burning DLC:-This adds in blood, decapitation, bile, and burning men textures (as well as a few animations   .                                        to fit the new content). FIRST OFF THIS IS NOT MEANT AT ALL TO BE A BASE PART OF THE   .                                        GAME NO0T EVEN A LITTLE, so for everyone demanding this as a FLC, no. The reason this is  .                                        NOT part of the base game is simple. Some countries will ban the entire game if it was. due   .                                        to the obscene amount of blood and gore. By making it a DLC, they allow people to play it in  .                                        places that the entire game would be unplayable in. To those who say that this is cut content  .                                        and nothing but bull that you can't get it with the base game, that is just selfish. I'd rather      .                                        pay three bucks and let someone in Germany play this game than be the jack*** who forces  .                                        it to be banned in an entire country just because I don't liek that it isn't in hte base game.      .                                        Once again it's simple. You don't want the DLC, don't buy it. You want it buy it. (DLC rant       .                                        over)Overall rating in my opinion. 9/10Thanks for reading and I hope anyone reading who's reading enjoys the game, or if you decide not to buy then enjoy whatever other game you decide to play. I'd also reccomend checking out all the other TWs. Even Rome II. To each their own and if you like antiquity, then you'd prably like Rome II. However my personal favorite is the orignal Rome. It may just be due to nostalgia, but there are some parts that have definantly improved while other parts i miss. Have fun with whatever you do."
,Not Recommended,325610,14783293,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Wolffe,"Until CA Stop Being Greedy f******, with there ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t DLC Straight away after realease.They Clearly Cut Factions from the game."
,Not Recommended,325610,18370833,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,mushr,"I don't care about this DLC thing, I will pay every cent for a new Total War game. But this one is so bad, that I can't even figure out how to play it. I've been playing Total War series since it's first Medieval game and can name myself a true fan of these series. But Attila has an aweful interface, aweful campaign map (I'm the one not playing battles, so can't say anything about this). And of course I won't buy any DLC here cause I can't even make myself play it."
76561198002725548,Not Recommended,325610,20279592,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Mr. Biscuits,"In order to win as the Western Romans you literally have to raze your own cities and pull back to the Italian peninsula/Sardinia & Corsica. You will still need to fight rebellions in Italy almost immediately, but with skill it's not that difficult. This in itself is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, the mechanics of this game are fundamentally flawed. Please Sega and CA don't ♥♥♥♥ up Warhammer, and cut it with the DLC nonsense. Seriously, you include the vampire faction but not Chaos? ♥♥♥♥ outta here with that bull."
,Recommended,325610,17879941,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Rabbit911,Greatest and most realistic Strategy game
,Not Recommended,325610,19715210,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,LES IS MOREx,♥♥♥♥♥♥ game that u need to buy twice to get all the fetures ;(
,Not Recommended,325610,14694455,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,-TW Warrior-,"should have been a £20 add on to rome 2played campaign for 10 mins it froze and made me quit tried it again and it played for half hour then quitunits are boring there is not a single new unit (they have diffrent names and look diffrent but they are sword,axe and spear inf and similar cav)i love total war games but this is awfulyi would uninstall again 4/10"
76561198107984947,Recommended,325610,19964551,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,The Sister-Complex Iron Duke,"Okay I will be completely neutral and unbiased here I will tell you now that this game is no way bad, those who are getting scared due to the ""mixed"" reviews I say to you now: do not listen to the ""stuck in the past"" people who say ""oh this is no rome 1 or medieval 2 blah blah blah"" new game, new era get over it you dolts. People who complain about the AI: I remember in rome 1 cav charge STRAIGHT at spear men, here they out flank them at least. To those who complain about the diplomacy: historically everyone hated the romans here at this time so yeah google mates. Those who complain about DLCs I have one thing to say: EA. my only issues (not really bad) 1. Historical looking units (but mods so meh) and 2. I just wish there was more variety to cities but again meh."
76561198076633115,Not Recommended,325610,18326738,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Count 0,"I really want to like this game, but the  DLC whoring is just pathetic."
76561198100632251,Not Recommended,325610,19637455,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Clamps,DLC simulator 2015
,Recommended,325610,14588918,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,bian446,Highly recommended for die hard Total War fans. Lots of improvement over Rome 2 Total War. The Horde gameplay is nerve wrecking and fun.
76561197992440007,Recommended,325610,21736700,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,The Ferg,"Most of the negative reviews are people really, really mad about CA's approach to DLC.  If you set that aside (and it's easy to do, especially now that DLC and base game are often on sale), the game's excellent.  Far superior to Rome II, and one of the better strategy games I've played in a while - and I'm a Crusader Kings/Europa Universalis junky.  The campaign's hard, and offers constant tough choices.  The AI is not awful.  The apocalyptic feel, though not entirely historical, gives the game soul, and ensures a scaling difficulty as your game progresses.As the Eastern Roman Empire I was barely holding on against constant barbarian invasions and rebellions, and then the Persians and their client states declared war.  And then the climate worsened.  And then Attila came.  Now I'm reduced to Greece and Anatolia, with half my cities burning.  The collapse of the Western Empire has allowed me to cut deals with some of my enemies, and I've started to roll back some of my losses in the east.  But the Huns are always prowling along my northern border, and I'm one razed city away from bankruptcy.9/10.  Would preside over the collapse of civilization again."
76561198089841216,Not Recommended,325610,18639823,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Aiidoneus the Cannibal,"Great game, horrible DLC cashing."
76561198157257801,Not Recommended,325610,17593739,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,PROXIGEN_[572],do NOT sign me the ♥♥♥♥ up 👎👀👎👀👎👀👎👀👎👀  bad♥♥♥♥♥♥ba̷̶ ԁ♥♥♥♥♥♥👎 thats ❌ some bad 👎♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥right 👎👎 th   👎 ere 👎👎👎 right ❌ there ❌ ❌ if i do ƽaү so my selｆ🚫 i say so 🚫 thats not what im talking about right there right there (chorus: ʳᶦᵍʰᵗ ᵗʰᵉʳᵉ) mMMMMᎷМ 🚫 👎 👎👎НO0ОଠＯOOＯOОଠଠOoooᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒ 👎 👎👎 👎 🚫 👎 👀 👀 👀 👎👎Bad♥♥♥♥♥
76561198008076340,Recommended,325610,15067907,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Nel -Hel-Son,"Total War....Total Brilliance!!!!loved it, improved in everyway, gameplay, interface and it felt like I'm playing the best Total War game!!"
76561198008722828,Not Recommended,325610,15608419,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Yeah Nah Mate,"UNFINISHED GAME.... READ BEFORE YOU BUYI wanted to love this gameI wanted to give it a big thumbs upI wanted to dig my teeth into this.....BUT OMG ...there is alot missing from this game, After the terrible release of ROME 2 i would have expected them to release a game which they have played themselves and tested to fix all the minor details... This game is like taking your car to the panel beaters to get the dents and scratches out of your car, A week later you get a call from the panel beaters to notify that your car is ready, You get dropped off at the workshop and as soon as you SEE your car your in love with the result. But when you walk closer you notice the amount of dents and scratches still left untouched, You talk to the panel beater and ask him to fix the dents and scratches he has missed, He replies that would be extra and would cost 3 payments of $9.99 and one of $3.59.Here are a few points to sum up a few more DENTS AND SCRATCHESThe non-existent Campaign AI.No unit collision.Lacking the intricacies in detail of the strategy map.Lack of Depth in pop-up random events.Very little diversity in faction units and buiildings .My personal opinion is the interface was terrible to use and far too messy to find what you need in the campaign map.In conclusion.... fix the DAMN dents and scratches in the car (game) before you sell anymore DLC's....."
76561198074530660,Recommended,325610,15052727,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Zgriff,Majesticly delicious game!
76561198129266688,Not Recommended,325610,16358259,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Duke Dirtfarmer,"Broken as hell. Game won't progress past the clan selection screen, and the official Total War forums have been unanswered for two months. Currently waiting on a fix from Sega, but if they can't do anything I'm going to seek a refund."
76561198097851982,Recommended,325610,15052865,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,I Sleep,"Good game. Don't like the DLC, don't buy it.10/10 would not buy the dlc I'm not forced to buy again.Stop crying please."
76561198007706019,Recommended,325610,14977521,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,BigFatMooCow,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../.................... _____..._........_____............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸............|..__.....\|...|....../... ___|........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\..........|..|....|....|...|.....|...|........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........|..|....|....|...|.....|...|.........\.................'...../...........|..|__|....|...|__ |...|____..........''...\.......... _.·..............|_____/|______\_____|............\..............(..............\.............\"
76561198037801891,Not Recommended,325610,15584497,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Arkantos1695,"LOL, they charge you $3 extra dollars to make poor texture blood appear on your screen. If that is not a rip-off, I really don't know what is. Also factions that should be in the game are sold as DLC and units variety is also laking because every faction has the exact same unit models. Oh how the mighty has fallen. RIP Total War: 2000-2006"
,Recommended,325610,15533287,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,damascus,"Don't mid the guys ebove me who moan about the DLC dramas above me. Here are thefacts:The vanilla version of Atilla includes a huge amount of content.Just one campaign can take many hours to complete, with plenty of factions and campaign goals to keep you started. For eg. you can even play as a roaming nomadic horde as opposed to city dwellers if you like, then have the nomads settle down later on. Your choice.When the older total war titles came out supposedly more 'complete', they were also more expensive. For example, Medieval II was around $90 (in Australian $) when it came out, even though there was no DLC for it. Rome II and Atilla on the other hand were around $60, giving the consumer thechoiceof whether to purchace additional content or not. Don't care much for Longbeards or Celts? No problem, don't buy them. If you do, you still won't have paid more than you would have if the content was originally included and the full price (ie. $90) had been charged as in the older titles.So there you go, you be the judge. I'm off to stop the invading Mongol hordes..."
76561198010273253,Recommended,325610,15542828,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,swinabc,"played as the Ostragoths, travelled all the way to spain thinking it was easy gain, Turns out rome sent 4 legions which was around 8ishk soldier for a faction that had no land and was a mere 3k at most....attacked lands in spain and made a little kingdom, Soon rome came in and rather then dealing with that♥♥♥♥♥♥i just abandomed everything so they could have it and i maybe be able to make space from me and rome so i can take over west spain, since i started on east, Few turns later Rome was there again....all 8000 of them....for a mere 1.5k.....this is around turn 20 so rome at this point is at war with nearly everyone but for some reason they REALLY hated our guts, Well did the same again, Abandom and head straight for south spain, But they was everywhere Thankfully i hired a band of mercenaries around 1k to fight off one legion which was roughly 2kish and managed the win and push them away as my ostragoths came into the central spain, we was walking into a trap, there they were 2.5k on the bottom, and 3k coming from the north, and who knows what else...my only plan with roughly 2k soldiers was to head to carthago nova and make a final last stand there they were...must of been 6000 of them 4 legions on my land they were, in their forts, building themselves up for an attack. I needed  a plan, i was making around 1,2k a turn and i figured it might be enough if i can make two armies to sum up 4k soldiers. I managed to attack and spilt the armies somehow in two, probably too far apart, but not by much, i drove two legions off my land and regathered to attack the others, After fighting the romans off and on i managed to take over all of Spain (though alot of it is still in ruins but rebuilding slowly) and i WILL take my Revenge on rome for what they have put me thought and my people, and i will see rome in Ruins before my feet!pretty good game, 8/10"
76561198035453036,Recommended,325610,14523923,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,☂HysGàidheal☂,Alright so this game excedes my expectations. This is coming from someone who was really disapointed with Rome II and CA. There is a night and day differance with a few minor bugs that need to be ironed out. This was undoubtabley the smoothest total war launch in a long long time! I can comfortably recommend this to anyone who was or is skeptical about the game.
,Recommended,325610,15083834,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,f0qu,"EN-  The new part of the legendary series of strategies Total War events occur naschestvy Huns. The game is a new opportunity, nomads. In the previous Total War: Rome 2 was the regime, but not revealed until the end. In this part of the faction nomads have not been able to settle down and build a city, and the only herd and strengthening. While such a fraction only one-Huns. For them it is sufficient to play hard and is presented here from interest. Also in this section do not forget about the barbarian tribes, and with the Back function of Rome 1, such as a tree, the barbarians began to play a much more interesting. In gameplay feature that appeared during the fight or assault, fire bombs fall on buildings, land, trees, set fire to them. Thus chaos in the ranks of the enemy was easier to arrange :)Just do I would rate the game on 8/10 as nothing global almost not been changed, but I think the new buns we will see in this part!RU-   В новой части легендарной серии стратегий Тотал вар происходят события наществий Гуннов. В игре появилась новая возможность,кочевники. В предыдущей части Тотал  вар : Рим 2 был этот режим,но не раскрыт до конца. В этой же части фракции кочевники не имели возможности поселиться и основать город,а только табун и укрепления. Пока что такая фракция всего одна-гунны. За них до статочно сложно играть и от сюда появляеться интерес. Так же в этой части не забыли и про варварские племена,а с вернутой функцией из Рим 1, такой как древо, варварами стало играть куда более интересней. В гемплее появилась особенность что во время боя или штурма, огненые снаряды попадавшие на здания,землю,деревья поджигали их. Тем самым хаос в рядах противника стало устроить проще :)Вобще я бы оценил игру на 8/10 так как ничего глобального почти не было изменено, но я думаю новых плюшек мы еще увидим в этой части!"
,Not Recommended,325610,17260944,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,[104th]SenorBacon,FOR ONLY $7.99 YOU CAN HAVE A THUMBS UP!
76561198034982101,Recommended,325610,22963249,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Lucid Panda,Its alright.
76561198040098845,Not Recommended,325610,21115145,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Finman113,If you have a macbook pro... just don't even try to buy this game. As soon as you start a game it just quits... no fix either waste of money.
,Not Recommended,325610,18202682,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,[ZFG]Filthy Crab,I cry everytime I buy the new DLC which adds races that I can play with ♥♥♥♥ING MODS
76561198006639288,Not Recommended,325610,18180929,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,coolfire48,"I've played every Total War game before this game, and even found Rome II very fun and have hours of gameplay despite it being claimed a ""broken game"". Total War Attila is the first Total War game I absoutely cannot play. I made it through 30 minutes of the grand campaign before quitting and ultimately giving up on this game. Every now and again I return and give it another chance, but I always regret it. I wish I could get my money back. I reccomend literally any preceding game to this installment."
,Recommended,325610,14521957,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,NonchalantSPAZ,very fun
,Recommended,325610,30605038,Posted: 18 March,all,Vejita,A lot better than Rome 2 but not as good as Shogun 2.
76561198007012305,Not Recommended,325610,22166555,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Putin`s Boyfriend,Freezes all the time. Completely unplayable.
,Not Recommended,325610,22145076,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,greciaman,In the next rome total war rome will be a DLC just like every♥♥♥♥ingthing
76561198007709979,Not Recommended,325610,22752138,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Deroldsen,"I have owned and played every total war game to date; And quite honestly Atilla would be in line to be the best yet, but I honestly can no longer reccommend investing in this series. Begining with Rome 2, and culminating with Attila, the developer has been with-holding content for sale as DLC, which by Attilla has amounted the the bulk of the factions. It is at this point merely a tired attempt to wring money from the user base, and will sadly be why I no longer buy the Total War series."
,Not Recommended,325610,19544244,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Shep,"Same crap, uglier people."
76561198147659202,Not Recommended,325610,16626289,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Citizen Chump,"Once again Creative Assembly drops the ball, and I won't be buying another game from them.How could you go from the great release of Shogun 2 and drop the ball continuously with Rome 2 and Attila?Poorly optimized just like Rome 2."
,Recommended,325610,21284437,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,TrunDurPalace,Thats too hard for my brain... But i like it!!!
76561197960773587,Not Recommended,325610,17455659,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Pierce Brosnan,"Battles are so fast, I can't even build a line and develop an strategy... I will stick to good old R2TW"
76561197991273070,Not Recommended,325610,17626476,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,uaelord,bad
,Not Recommended,325610,16662994,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,[LLJK] Klisejo,"This game has terrible performance issues. Run Rome II max settings and getting 70fps? Well be prepared to turn everything down to the lowest settings and get 30fps for a worse looking game.edit: So maybe this game doesnt like amd cpus.http://steamcommunity.com/app/325610/discussions/0/620712364037777709/Having migrated from an fx-6300 back to an i5-2500k and oc to 4.5ghz, the game runs great now."
76561198054523201,Recommended,325610,16685101,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,aykos,"Family tree is back!! Civil War mechanic much much better! Best TW yet, must have for fans.WRE FTW  non illegitimi carborundump.s. Still waiting..  #MedievalIII"
76561198066221742,Not Recommended,325610,34720356,Posted: 3 September,all,Soyunosolo,A lot of crashes
,Recommended,325610,15047181,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,dudewheresmydonkey,"Big total war fan from Rome:1 loved all the other games even with there bugs, was there at Eurogamer when this was announced and was bloody excited now its here Its good.... but as everyone esle says the dlc coming out so quick is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid.... it does feel like a rome two expansion but it has many good pionts like the after battle decissions and the hordes and migrating, I still love CA but am pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at there milking of fans..."
76561198072593483,Recommended,325610,18063637,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,JustAPlebHere,Best Total war i've played.
76561198154211455,Recommended,325610,18082868,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,notoriousbryce,"Graphics are amazing, gamplay is a lot like Rome II. It tok m a while to get used to it since Shogun 2 was te last one I played. I just wish there were more factions to choose from."
,Recommended,325610,18108176,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Parazonium,"Definitely an improvement over Rome 2, stills lacks unit variations and and has some optimisation issues, but all ready a far better game, effect, graphic and gameplay wise."
76561198079017427,Recommended,325610,19647914,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Iago,"I was first introduced to Total War though Rome 2 I immedietly fell in love with it. However I quickly found out that there was more to the series than meets the eye. Total war has been though some ups and downs the greatest down ofcourse being Total war rome 2 qhowever after 700 hours and counting I can easily tell you that Attila is a good game. BUT I dont recomend starting on Attila, Total War Attila in vanilla can get stale very quickly as evrey germanic faction is exactly the same. Despite this with DLC such as the Roman expadition and the Age of Charlamange keep the game fresh and exciting. Yet if you are new to the franchise i recommend Shogan 2 as it one of the best games to come out of the warframe engine. However those who have already played other Total War games then Attila is simply a must if you are prepared to fork money out to Sega for it. I must also add that there is no multiplayer for this game as people eather cheese or dont play at all. So please consider my advice before investing in this game."
76561198007107520,Recommended,325610,14512931,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Freelancer,Big Improvements since Rome
,Recommended,325610,14519678,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Salty Navigator,"Extremely solid gameplay with a lot of unique aspects that are new to the series. Attila is a great and gritty new chapter in the Total War series. Would definitely recommend over Rome 2, as this game is extremely polished for a fresh release.I will ntoe however the game is graphically demanding so be prepared to play on lower settings. (My rig that can run Rome 2 at max settings has to play this on ""quality"" or high graphics)"
76561198042988621,Not Recommended,325610,17948541,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Cpt. Cotton-Eye Joe,10/10 for IGn but im not IGN there are much better total war games out there.5/10 for me-mods is the only way to make the game interesting otherwise its bland as white rice\+awesome atmosphere and music+ politics in campaign is awesome+ nice graphics and gameplay improvements overall-DLC IS YOUR ONLY HOPE TO ACCESS THE OTHER 60% of the game
76561198136964773,Not Recommended,325610,18034016,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Alex Anarchist Watson,this game is unaceptably glitchy. i have been unable to play an singel battle with this. if you want a total war buy med 2 and mod it is is better than this pull of♥♥♥♥♥
76561198094520819,Recommended,325610,19406563,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Minahasan Highlander,Amazing
,Recommended,325610,14514606,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,[RorQ] cop3,Love it big improvement from rome 2 good work devs :) everything about this new game is totally caught my eye love it keep up the good work and anyone reading this review definitly 10/10 buy it well worth the money
76561198007391679,Recommended,325610,14514996,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Weaponmaster 55,"Been playing this game for 4 hours, and i have to say, its astounding how much better a launch this is compared to Rome 2. I played both games now at launch, and Attila is fantastic. So many small changes and new features that just make the game more fun. The battles play nice, including sieges, and the AI seems fine at this stage.Just such a big improvement on every level i had to write this. Its the game we should have had instead of Rome 2 to be honest, but im glad its here now."
76561198045110681,Recommended,325610,14517257,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,xSTRYKERx,"Enjoying it so far, no bugs and looks great!"
76561198022133456,Not Recommended,325610,18042422,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,mpaulet,"I've played most of the Total War series of games. This is the worst by far. Confusing and hard to see development charts, formation and other buttons. Less detail than previous games. Even movement or selected troop options is not clear. Was not worth it at the 50% off price that I purchased it for."
76561198006533011,Not Recommended,325610,23947094,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,DG,"Im a huge total war fan, but this title did not draw me in. While it is nice to have something that covers this era of history,  there is not much to love about this title. The battles are not fun to play as they are poorly balanced and tedious. It is basically an archery dual between armies most of the time. Playing as Rome is intresting as you face an onslaught from all sides, but the other factions are not worth to much time investment."
,Recommended,325610,23546440,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,☭ Karl Marx ☭,"Frankly Im aware of the fact that whenn this game first came out it was♥♥♥♥♥♥upon, but now that its been awhile i can whole haertly say that this is the righful heir apprent to the total war franchise (excluding the spin offs IE: total war warhammer). But I digress with all the DLC excluding the langobeards I`d say its a solid 9/10."
76561197977866623,Recommended,325610,22809302,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Karnil Vark Khaitan,better then Rome 2
,Not Recommended,325610,23496515,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Aldrog,"This game has one of the worst Linux ports (afaik, the same applies to Mac).Graphics performance is awful and there's no cross-platform multiplayer. These makes the game a no-go for me, so I can't say much about its mechanics.It would be better if this game was Windows-only, by releasing it for Linux and Mac in such form CA only show they don't care about other platforms at all but want additional revenue without any effort.I'll never buy any CA game from now on myself and will never recommend them to anybody else."
76561198309908973,Not Recommended,325610,34734893,Posted: 4 September,all,sunil.simha,Terrible stuttering issuesThe game is absolutely unplayable simply because it stutters from the very beginning. Even the intro video stutters. I haven't faced such an issue in Rome II or Shogun II but this is absolutely terrible.
76561198077361462,Not Recommended,325610,26665243,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,northernboy,"Having problems playing, think it may have something to do with Windows 10. They dont seem to support any updates to keep up to date. Very disappointed, First Rome 2, and now Attila."
76561198021090422,Not Recommended,325610,31028225,Posted: 8 April,all,evguen25,The most unstable release... consistent crushes... otherwise would be ok... earlier total war games are much better -> gamewisep.s. After about 95 turns it fails to load... and it happens to me constantly... so you can like it or hate it but that's how it is...
76561198001591894,Not Recommended,325610,21282093,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,SimstrX,"Campaign AI broken, battle AI broken, pathfinding broken, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ units, sniper towers, onagers useless, calvary needs 3min to kill one routing soldier... FAILIt's like CA is trying very hard, to make more and more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI with every new game... thx CA"
76561198015350083,Recommended,325610,15201256,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Belphegor,"This game actually feels a lot more satisfying to play than its predecessor Rome2. Though the graphics are basically the same, the AI is much better, they added events to make the game harder (climate change) and the faction politics is finally back to it's roots with the family tree. I'd definately recommend this game."
,Recommended,325610,14515814,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Hazard,"One of the best Total War games I must say..Medieval 2 + Empire + Shogun = ATTILA!! If you like any of these Total War games, i'm sure you'll love Total War : Attila."
76561198066721542,Not Recommended,325610,14647465,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Mario,"This is a great game dont get me wrong but day one dlc??? wtf!!!! should just be in the ♥♥♥♥ing game they want you to pay 7 dollars for more people to play as...  should just come with the ♥♥♥♥ing game!! makes me so mad that C.A would get this bad , i loved all total wars have ever since the first one, but now they are ♥♥♥♥ing disgrace!!"
76561198008573316,Recommended,325610,21343966,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Kamsko,"Although I was hesitant at first due to Rome II, I bought it on sale. After I started playing it I was simply amazed how GOOD this game is. Battles are more tactical, morale finally plays huge role, I had many battles that I won due to good flanking or clever use of units abilities (whistling arrows etc). Sieges are epic now, I basically always play sieges on map because cities look really good and real(I used to always auto resolve in earlier Total wars). Thankfully CA managed to overcome limitations of game engine and units again fight properly (but there are some good looking fight animations too). Cavalry charges are epic and properly managed can quickly destroy units. Cities now require more managment due to squalor and it is worth mentioning that buildings built on campaign map can be seen in siege(battle map) too. AI is better, it tries to  flank and go for unprotected units (archers for example with no spearmen support). Downsides I found are that some of the DLCs could be more rich in content (celts, longobards and viking forefathers culture packs) and I feel there could be more variety of units. Overall I think the game is good now and I especially recommend buying it on sale with all DLCs.Addendum: If you dont like certain mechanic (for example too high corruption) you can always install mods to alter it."
,Not Recommended,325610,20498363,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Pdguru,Good additional with some very impressivre visuals.  But it's really only an upgrade of RII.  Not worth full asking price.
76561198151664548,Recommended,325610,18762544,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,JarJarWinX,"My Favourite total war game.Very good graphics combined with good gameplay and also the Clever AI makes this game much better for me,This game has a big map too, Also There is no time limit. You can come to year 2015!!!difficulty of game is amazing. I really love AI they got good strategies.ok now its point giving time:Graphics : 9/10gameplay/9/10diplomacy:6/10 =====> Seriously How can a faction  hates a faction when the first time he see it, thats a huge mistake i thinkMap:9/10units:8/108.9/10"
76561198036380764,Recommended,325610,18541000,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Darkkills,Just shield wall... all day... all night... then all day the next day.Shield/10(take that however you want to)
76561198042945770,Recommended,325610,21325614,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Fatal_,"If you want to have fun playing this game, disable Huns or get a mod that severly reduces the spawn numbers for them and disables the Death perk their armies have on youre lands.If the enemy escapes after a defeat, it will come back next turn with all the mercs available in the surrounding area."
,Recommended,325610,21235369,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Quaker Oats,"Has the best campaign by far in the Total War Franchise.You start off a starving wolf, and end off as a ruthless leader.Huns in the east, Romans in the centre.Famine and disease kill everything.However, even if you have a monster pc the game will lag or have fps drops every now and then. This is because Attila isn't very well optimised.NFJWEWEFIEUIGWFWEFOSEF8"
76561198259842082,Recommended,325610,21396068,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Kaiser Whilhelm II,this game is so awsome! HOWEVER it has problems such as WAY TO MUCH DLC THAT SHOULD BE AN UPDATE the blood and burning dlc SHOULD BE AN UPDATE I MEAN SERIOUSLY! great game otherwise
76561198122640421,Recommended,325610,21760938,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,NeoN GANGSTA,"I really love this game. Rome II killed my hope in there being a decent sucessor to Rome TW. Attila isn't a god send, but its better than ROME II. Not saying much tho. Also the DLC things needs to stop SEGA. This is getting embarrising. Get your heads out of your asses with that. NO. I am not buying any more DLC in the future stop it."
76561198160596250,Recommended,325610,21325152,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,drrushton2,"I initially didn't buy the game because my coffers are fairly limited, I like to wait for opportune times to purchase video games so that I've found the best deal and so forth. The intelligence I gather goes into knowledge that I use to gain more for my input, I'm definitely a fan of CA, TTW is about the only PC game I'm really into. I like all the different mechanics each one brings, I like when things are different, out with the old in with the new. They did a great job with Attila I'd say; the diplomacy could be more intricate but <some> people didn't even like it at all. I love the weather, and the horde idea implemented well, overall new ideas make better in my opinion. As my opinion for the others, this isn't there review."
76561198125859634,Not Recommended,325610,28806273,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,TimTam,This game is sooo bad it has nothing to do with skill and archers don't make any sense they are so overpowered.
76561198025371805,Recommended,325610,17881334,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,zakonal,"Great game, so many opprotunities!"
76561198084382500,Recommended,325610,14765050,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,MAKELELE-MAN,"Excellent game, I recommend it, beside of the Rome II (y)"
,Not Recommended,325610,14954553,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,TECBOY,"I've been playing the Total War series since Rome, it is probably my favourite series. I'll start off by saying Attila is actually a good game in my own opinion, the issue I have is the lack of content compared to previous titles, it is getting worse with each title they release. In Medieval 2 and Rome you started with a few of the factions, but you unlocked the rest by beating the game, and in my view this was a perfect system - it made you play through multiple campaigns as different factions with goal of unlocking all factions.This is not the case any more, now, you have the few factions shipped with the game (conveniently factions like the picts are nowhere to be seen) and in order to get the other factions you have to fork out £5.99 per culture pack. This is getting beyond absurd, I wont be purchasing any DLC for the game, nor will I purchase the next title without much deliberation and a few months after release.At least with Rome 2 we were given ""Free LC"" which kind of took the edge off the same greedy business model which was also present there. Please CA and SEGA, get your act together, you will be losing a lot of the fans who made this series successful."
76561198018377885,Not Recommended,325610,14587189,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Crang,"I really have a hard time immagining why this game got rated so high. Only thing I can think of is people have been in TW withdraw from the disaster which was TW:Rome 2...Pros:+++ Graphics++  Horde mode (but please see Cons)+ AI is slightly better than in TW:R2 (not worthy of all the praise it's recieving in reviews)+ Technology tree is actually interesting+ Units are more diverse than in TW:R2+ Stability (only crashed once in all my hours of gameplay)Cons:------ Razing: This feature ruins this game. By turn 20 half of Europe is an empty shell. It's not until maybe turn 50 (about 4h into the game) that AI will even start contemplating re-settling those razed lands.--- This is basically a TW:R2 expansion sold at the price of a new game.--- DLC on Day 1: (I bought it cause of the reviews and was extremely dissapointed. By the time you unite the norse tribes under your flag there is no one left to fight since everything is razed by turn 20).-- Technology is too slow; By the time you start getting any of your nation's interesting troops the game is broken (razing).-- As if worrying about Food, Public order and Squalor wasn't enough in TW:R2 now we also need to worry about Army Integrity (seriously?!?).I did 7 playthroughs since buying the game, all in grand campaign. I played Jutes, Sassannids, Visigoths (by far my favorit), Western Rome (got to turn 50 and gave up, I secured my lands, protected my borders but the constant food/public order/sanitatio/integrity management just drained the hell out of me), Eastern Roman (much more manageable than the west but still as dreadfully boring), Huns (the game favors ground troops over mounted troops so they aren't as good as you'd expect them to be) and finally Gaeti (spelling?)The game looks absolutely awesome once you start a grand campaign, the graphics, the massive Roman empire, the more diverse units (over TW:R2) and even the tech tree is slightly more diverse, but I promiss you that sometime between turn 20 and 40 you will be borde out of your mind but you'll be like me, you'll think ""Hey maybe if I played that nation instead I'd enjoy it more"" and you will until you reach that same point again..Disclaimer: I can't really comment on End Game content since I have yet to get passed turn 60. Oh and in case you didn't know Attila (the game's namesake) isn't born until spring 400 (1 year old baby) and doesn't come into the game until 416. There are 4 turns to a year, so by the time Attila shows his face it's already been 80+ turns.. So who knows.. Maybe the game gets awesome at that point, but I will never know."
76561198043002500,Not Recommended,325610,18136009,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,gamebiffa,"Trying to think what I like about it first, maybe playing as the Eastern Romans, only thing is it's like using someone's failing saved game and finding that they can't build archers, cavalry, agents and they're over stretched, under fed and you spend the first 50 turns playing a massive game of Empire Fail which eventually turns you off playing Romans on vanilla altogether.I love TW but this version is a great way to put someone who is new to series off."
,Recommended,325610,21318655,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,PipeLayerXL,"Let me just say I bought this game a week ago and look how many hours I have, my first total war so arguably I may not be the best to review this but so far my experience has been great. Would recommend."
76561198047818666,Not Recommended,325610,20945008,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,"armcurl_7 ""Modus Ponens""",I was having a Merry old time playing this game until It randomnly crashed on me (I'm running windows 10)and THEN proceeded to not run at all any more. I could start up Rome 2 and pretty much all my other games BUT this game and it's frustrating because I was at year409 and was doing pretty good as Western Rome.If you can't figure out how to get a game like this to work then it you've failed in proper support code wise and that deserves a negative score. Although it was on pace for a good one.
76561198007517680,Not Recommended,325610,20758869,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Thundering Sun,"I really wanted to like Attila, but as with almost all Total War spinoff series, it can't seem to stand on its own. The gameplay has been refined from Rome 2, but there are some features I just cannot stand. Burning down provinces seems like a cool idea, but the AI gets raze happy by mid game and renders a good quarter of the map unusable by the midpoint of the game. The approching mini ice age is also a factor that I just didn't like. I don't really like being on a time table. The biggest fun breaker for me was the army cohesion. I found it unendingly annoying trying to keep my armies from falling apart. There were clear ways pointed out to take care of this, but they didn't seem to do much. It always seemed like I was only getting a break for 5-10 turns before my armies started to melt. Hopefully this gameplay feature will disappear in future Total War titles. I just can't recommend this game. Play Rome 2 if you want the better experience."
76561198007262989,Recommended,325610,18312339,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Syrasi,"This really is the best example of a Total War game on the market currently. With a refined interface and improved AI, this game delivers a challenge like no other. Play as half of the vast and powerful but unstable and thinly-spread Roman Empire, their rivals the Sassanid Persians, or one of a huge number of minor tribes and clans who are simply seeking a home to call their own. Religion, culture, and family politics are of deep importance in this world, so you will need more than military strength to prevail.There are some downsides to the game. The campaign AI is more than a little obsessive about wiping you out; for example, as the Alan tribes the Eastern Roman Empire sent 8 armies chasing me all the way to the Caspian sea for no apparent reason as other factions tore them apart. But if you can manage not to run into that strange situation, this game does a fantastic simulation of the beginning of the Late Antique world."
,Not Recommended,325610,19703186,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,AMERICA - TRUMP 2020,"Rome2 expansion with $70 of DLC that they try to charge $45 for. Got bored fast, its the same game with an expanison pack for about $120"
,Not Recommended,325610,20229839,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,izzy589,"spent countless owers on game in offline mode, everything was great until they decide yo shove dlc down your throat and makes game unplayble to to crashing in sever spots, when it starts, after every turn, or if i try to do a real battle, will only let me sim the fights, wheres the fun in that , until its fixed wont change review"
76561198011700711,Not Recommended,325610,15117756,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,imperator,No matter how many times i kill atilla and his armys they just come back and that just makes this game pointless when you want to play as the romans.
76561197983688965,Recommended,325610,18310331,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Apn,"i don't know what to say anymore.Attila TW is a good game.Sometimes i swear they are releasing these titles just too close to each other for there to be any real difference or reviewable content.So I am going to cut to the chase about total war games. If you haven't played any total war games you should play Rome total war the original. Now, I'm not being an old fart and trying to make you play a bad game with awful graphics because RTW is still, by contrast of todays games, still very pretty. It has some terrific units and the combat is some of the best on the TW series and against all the other TW games it is a serious competitor.Its really a highly must have RTS. TW Empire is also one of a kind and an epic game set in a slightly more modern world I would consider it a TW essential  much like RTW. Shogun 2 TW has some truly epic combat moments that you can only experience in shogun 2 but the world map is useless and after 20 turns the whole map is populated with just a few factions and diplomacy just trails away into asking for peace treaties that never last, even fully modded with radious mod the map does not last long enough. Rome 2 is a fair game and die hard fans of RTW should give it a shot, however i only really feel that by playing the romans would you get the full Rome 2 experience as most the fun combat situations seem geared toward roman tactics and the other faction tactics seem to not be as immersive or suitable for the style of play they tried to capture from RTW original.That brings us to Attila total wars.They have added some awesome content similar to plotting against your family or royal court. Some of the content just feels a little rushed though like for example the Picts were well know in British empire as nomads and were for a considerable time only allowed female leaders, however this is not in the game. On most units (something i adored from previous titles) the unit descriptions as mostly none existent and quite often talk about other ranting's unrelated to the unit. The tribes are all  a little muddled its like no one took time to research or make sensible assumptions about what territory belonged to what tribe and importantly what areas would have been considered 'no-mans land' which was a very important part on ancient history in the ancient world. Instead it is all sort of vague and computer gamey which you could forgive but previous war games have been very detailed even if wrong it had immersive value as if somebody had tried really hard.So what I mean by all this is Attila TW has lost a really important part of its gameplay and that is being able to right click on a units and read all the interesting things.I have not been able to find a way to give land away in diplomacy which is really essential in most modern RTS as it ads to the plotting and general immersion and I'm a little disappointed its no longer available and the old RTS strategy of 'The enemy of my enemy is my friend' seems to be slipping out of its content. i would also have liked to be able to plot against others even if the results were only slight or restricted to non family members in my family. it wouldn't have been hard to implement but it seems there are no options for plotting against people outside of your royal court or family even when they are in your family tree they just sit there taking up space, Awesome.-this is just a good idea-I would have liked it if there were options to capture other family members after a war for ransom and torture. Depending on the torture method the said family member would get a new trait, like blind or frail disposition. torture could reveal insights or just serve as warnings to others they then would be able to ransom family members back. Torture could be different for example the Europeans had a habit of displaying prisoners for weeks sometimes months in public with little food or water, the middle eastern counties had a habit of blinding prisoners and the roman and Greek countries regularly castrated their prisoners.So to sum up it feels rushed. It is rushed. Its very similar to Rome 2. It has good ideas but they never really started to blossom. The combat is fine and similar to some of the finest TW battle you can have. Its even a very good game and I'm sure I will play if many more times and I also recommend it.--edit--i would also enjoy the game more if i didnt have to pay for blood effects with that in mind i wont be making anymore total war reviews in the future.when i pay for a game i dont expect to be asked for more money unless there are new parts of the game to explore. i mean the difference is between game enhancement and stuff that should already be in the game things like gore, units and playable factions that were in the initial release should be included in the game on release. it just lazy to try to force people to pay for that sort of content.if for egsample there was a new campaign and it enhanced gameplay significantly this is accectable. but i own all total war game up to date some i have paid for twice and i have always paid for all dlcs. if they release the gore DLC again im just going to play my old total war games and im pretty sure im not alone on that.release sensible content or dont make as many sales."
76561198026488825,Recommended,325610,20193517,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,ForeverAngel,Awesome game if you are a Total War fan.
76561198150142109,Not Recommended,325610,18285803,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,ZonaPurplehaze,"this game is fun, although the cost drains your wallet. 1/10 IGN dankness. pretty much another ruined fanbase simulator"
76561197995196111,Not Recommended,325610,14594482,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,jacobroffey,"I love the total war serieres, and eventually got to love Rome 2 after it was (mostly) fixed. However this game as the same teething problems as Rome 2 had. The frame-rate is horrible. Just as Rome 2's was at launch (although it improved after liek a year of patches) I can barely get above 20 and average about 14 on max performance settings. I don't have a game PC but on low graphics settings I can run Rome 2 at 30-40 fps now. Why can't Attila match this?"
76561198007572756,Not Recommended,325610,14956159,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Pettylord,"I love the TW series and have played them from the very beginning. That being said i have to make some points i hope the makers take note of.1) This is at best a stand alone expansion for Rome 2. The recycled sounds and animations are just embarrasing. This is not worth the full price of admission.2) It is down right insulting to your fan base to release a game stripped of features and then demand $7.99 every few weeks to release 3 new factions. These should be unlocked when you complete the game, not as a desperate cash grab. If you want to make more money then create an addon or some new content.3) Blood and Gore should be an option to select in settings, not something to pay for months after release.4) Unlimited respawning Huns has to be the stupidest addition i've ever seen. I understand you want to give the feel of hordes of huns coming at you, but this is not the way. It makes the game seem pointless and invalidates any skill the player has.So in conclusion i will now pirate any of your future releases  because you have become so digustingly greedy i feel you dont deserve my hard earned cash."
76561198203198264,Recommended,325610,14855654,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,flare303,great game lots of fun
,Not Recommended,325610,20474670,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Abu,it is too complicated. say you need to care about many aspects while you are playing. it's not good for leisure compared to total war shogun2. not recommended.
76561198026255893,Recommended,325610,19721819,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,pedro_rk,"+Smoothest launch for a TW title in recent history+Fixes most of Rome 2's issues+Adds a number of interesting mechanics, most notably the horde system+Good variety of units and factions-Doesn't fix all of Rome 2's issues-A lot of the variety is behind DLCOverall: GOTY 2015"
76561198059260808,Recommended,325610,15199885,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Ciaran2499,One of the more exciting campaigns for total war i think
76561198008965466,Not Recommended,325610,21544496,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,GrillMaster ✿,Rome 2 and shogun way better than this call of duty equivalent♥♥♥♥♥
76561197984031751,Not Recommended,325610,14606032,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,crazykid2145,"Confused why Rome, who has taken over almost half the known world, starts off with 4 armies of farmers with some spears.  Played on easy with Western Rome is almost impossible as well.  I get the challenge but sometimes it is just not fun.Much different than Rome II.Not what Rome II should of been.Nice graphics and new stuff but I don't berely scraping by and constantly fighting rebelions are very fun.  Like someone else said, it is mostly a survival game.  No more building an empire...  :(Fighting rebellions gets old quick"
,Not Recommended,325610,15205065,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Impulse,Game won't even launch none of my total war games are launching. Even though my other 138 games all run perfectly well. Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together creative assembly.
76561198007383110,Not Recommended,325610,14564758,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,runnerworks,Not playable. No screen resolution for my imac 27 (1600x900 instead of 2560x1440 - hahaha do not tell). Looks disgusting. Absolutely impossible to play. Be careful.
76561198036001874,Not Recommended,325610,14599799,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,pandresvanoranje,"I bought the game, and it wont even work all the time, it crashes and its been horrible and now its nog even working at all. I have a updated PC, it has alot of drive on it. I'm just not happy,"
76561198024302810,Not Recommended,325610,14678068,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Emperor Trump,"-Prologue-Everything seems fine, no problems at all.-Seeing alot of fixes that apologize for Rome 2-Play an actual campaign-End my second turn-Get attacked for my first battle that took 30+ minutes with a 1:4 ratio and won-Freezes when it's my turn-""...""-Reload and try again-Same fight happens after I end my turn-Freezes again-Try someone else and get the same freeze BS in random intervalsWhy do I even bother anymore?Two days after the patch came out to ""fix"" this bug and I'm still getting it. For those who have experienced the same issue sometimes it only freezes for about 30-60 seconds, but my sporatic clicking before I realize it has frozen makes it permanently frozen almost every time. Too late to get a refund as well. Should have leaned from Rome 2."
76561198104676225,Not Recommended,325610,15202536,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Yato,Really dissapointed.
76561198180182806,Not Recommended,325610,21798891,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Chaosgaming865,I thought it was going to be good but it's bad and this my opinion i think Total War Rome 2 was better and i am not going to go into details about cons and pos but it is sh~t and i hope it gets better and maybe Total War Warhammer will be better but anyway its my opinion guys and gals.Rate 3/10
,Recommended,325610,17869446,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,SystemAnonymous,Amazing looking game!
76561198040265644,Not Recommended,325610,17890009,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,osr_gm,Bad
,Recommended,325610,17797069,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Thots Begone,It's pretty ♥♥♥♥ing cool
76561198007197277,Recommended,325610,17794640,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,_STEVELONGSHANKS_,Extremely good campaign and the multiplayer campaign is excellent. However the multiplayer online lobby system is poor compared to the original rome gold edition game this needs to be rethought
76561197991437825,Recommended,325610,14512459,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Mad Anderson,"A great step up from Rome 2! I built my PC for Rome 2 so I was very disappointed after playing it. I wanted it to be good. I even pretended to myself that it was good. But here comes the Huns and I must say I am excited they are here. The overall map has a new lush landscape that looks amazing, the unit cards are actually very helpful. The AI is performing very well for near two hours of playing. I can definately see myself playing this game for years to come. Also I dont understand the performance issues, I am running my PC on a GTX 970 card and I am close to 60+ fps on maximum settings. I hope everyones performance issues get resolved because you're missing out on a great game. For all the haters you should sit down shut up and conqeur!"
76561197966017941,Recommended,325610,17694103,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,BRAWNDO!,"Basically Rome TW 2: Attilla expansion. Still fun, great graphics, large map, etc. Mods available to correct a few crappy aspects of campaign mode. 7/10"
76561197993477115,Recommended,325610,18144426,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,SaxonRaider,"I have all the Total War games, and this one i believe is better than Rome2, However only just as the Emperor Edition was fixed very well and ended up being a good game. Is it the best of the series?, well, im uncertain as Shogun2 was outstanding with Early and Late DLCs added, however the loading screens took far too long on my pc, not game breaking but just a bit distracting. Also, Medieval 2 was a great in its time for its castle sieges.Edit: After more playtime on Attila, i can see that the optimisation is not as good as in Rome2, however the combat animations and lighting effects seem to have improved noticably, to the point that its difficult to choose between this or Rome2 as Rome2 plays very fluidly at a nice 30fps on my system on high graphics, whereas Attila on high is 15-20 fps, so theres very slight jerkiness to the actions of soldiers in combat. To resolve this you have to turn down the graphics a bit, but then it doesnt look as good as Rome2. It still has better combat animations though. So theres the dilemna between the two games."
,Recommended,325610,18147029,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,kclarke13,"Attila is a major step up from Rome 2. It has a fairly in depth political system, which includes your family tree and the ability to choose your heir, influence other members of the poiltical system, and maintain control over your empire. I play mostly as the Western Roman Empire. Starting off is very challenging compared to previous Total War games. Your empire is in decline, you do not have enough money to pay for huge armies (legions), the legions you have are small and out dated, however it is still fun to quell rebellions and start to expand the empire again."
76561198042271745,Recommended,325610,18158926,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,jurica.sertic.1979,All together with DLC and community hellp it is werry good
76561198020804431,Recommended,325610,17698923,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,BIG-BANG-BEN,"Before buying this game, I saw a lot of negative reviews.Personally I find that this game is a somewhat large improvement over Rome II, and so far (4 Hrs gameplay) is quite fun. It is slightly more complicated at first I found, but once you get to know whats what it is good!The menus within the campaign game for me are much better as you can actually see more of what is going on, and the battles are better because unlike in Rome II, the computer enemy actually come and attack you, rather than just standing there.The campaign gameplay I found is much more engaging and diplomacy seems to work much better than it has done previously.As many people have said the negatives of this game are the fact that there is DLC available that should really have been included in the game. For me this is the biggest annoyance, because the game does feel slightly incomplete without them, and most of us will not want to buy all the DLC at £5.99 a time.But other than that, I'd definitley say that Attila Total War was worth buying, I know I havent played it for very long so far, but I am enjoying it, and it is, as I mentioned earlier, quite a big improvement over Rome II!"
76561198140250085,Recommended,325610,17633169,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Animal Mother,An amazing Total war. Great units and factions. Gameplay is smooth. A must buy if you enjoy the Total war games.
,Recommended,325610,14519288,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Erasmus,The game is really good. My first playthrough lasted 11 turns.......If you play as a migrater dont cross the Adriatic.
76561198028317418,Recommended,325610,16770105,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,TangJuicebox,Best Combat in the series.
,Recommended,325610,20144900,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,ForgottenNietzschen,Pros:-One of the best strategy games-Re-instated a lot of features that were missed from Rome 2-Attention to historical detail-Creates a compelling storyCons:-Doesn't really work on ultra graphics despite BEAST pc-Buggy-Average AI
76561197968912296,Recommended,325610,15053308,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,ShagratZ,Best one yet.
,Recommended,325610,16802234,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,xMathias,"You stand on the cusp of realizing your potential, as the Inheritor of the modern nations, or a great destroyer. An epic edition to the Total War franchise. Ignore the bad reviews, they are dumb. Just buy the game when you can.But when you do...  do it FOR THE EMPEROR"
,Recommended,325610,16812370,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,减速,WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ DO U ALL HAVE SOMETHING AGAINST ATTILA TOTAL WAR!!!!!U know when u really like a game creator (ex. Total War) and they created only dump♥♥♥♥♥♥???Well this game raised Total War from its♥♥♥♥♥♥and reformed its Strategy Glory!!I LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,325610,24732843,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,ShaolinDRgn,my unit sizes are smaller then usual on this game compared to others. does anyone know why i have only 56 men in AoC in atilla? very annoying
,Recommended,325610,15855530,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Sugar Daddy Bill™,"An amazing new addition to my Total War collection. The new ""horde"" mechanic is awesome, as is the immigration and fertility (and the way razing works). So far I have completed a campaign as the Huns and as the Geats. Both were much fun. The politics system, the economy, additon of governors and ability to assign somebody as a retainer to gain experience from another character, and the diplomacy I feel are all greatly improved over the old Total War mechanics.Also the agent abilities I feel are finally about where they should be. They are somewhat expensive to use every turn to keep an enemy weak, and they aren't as OP as they were in all the past games. In Shogun 2 and Rome 2 I was practically winning wars with agents and never even declaring war, just sweeping in to take the land from the rebels after my agents did their work. That takes more time and a much larger investment now, and the agents aren't as ""sneaky"" so you take the same diplomatic hits as if you had declared war anyway.Right now I'm playing as the vandals and have roamed across Italy, Germania and Gaul sacking and razing to amass a small fortune of about 120,000 talents. I subjugated all the minor factions I encountered along the way and they pay me tribute still. I loosely followed the historic path of the Vandals, but decided to settle a bit earlier and in southern Spain. I ended up settling in Carthago Nova and taking half of Spain from Western Rome very quickly.  Now most my former enemies that pay me tribute are very happy with me for beating Western Rome into submission, and they followed my path through Gaul and are stronger minor empires now with 2-3 settlements each.You might read this and think ""oh this sounds too easy"". But it's absolutely not. That fortune I gathered, all gone now. I even went bankrupt once and had to quickly go sack more Roman towns to gather money. At the same time I was dealing with food shortages and my soldiers were dropping due to starvation, and I was pretty close to a mutiny a few times. I had to put down rebellions, hire generals and governors, and with all the influence my lead character had gathered I also had to adopt these newcomers, and use all my influence to keep the political system in balance.The navy mechanics are still a little quirky, when trying to land an invasion force it still feels like there just aren't enough places to land your ships. You end up with your forces being split up into a disorganized mass and keeping your artillery and archers on the ships to bombard the enemies closest to shore. Wouldn't it make more sense to just let the ships stack up a in 3s at the landing sites? When enemy ships are landed, you should be able to destroy them to clear a path and land right in the harbor. When fighting against a garrison force now I tend to just double up my navies and auto-resolve, though I could easily take most garrison armies with few losses by playing it through. The navy mechanics just annoy me so much that I don't want to play it out =) This is really something that I think should've been sorted out by now, and I was disappointed that when playing with a force of Viking raiders I felt limited in exploiting what should be the best of Viking abilities just due to game mechanics that haven't been figured out yet.I would say the challenge level of Atilla is quite right, and I'm a player that has completed multiple ""legendary"" campaigns in Rome 2. I think Atilla is a little more challenging. There's still the way of ezmoding it by ""unrest farming"", where you keep a province in disorder just to continuously put down the rebellions and gain influence/xp/etc. But that seems kind of pointless in Atilla since picking on the Romans is much more fun!Overall, I say great job to the CA dev team. You guys did great on this one. But we need more campaigns! I am saving my grand campaigns once I get a ""minor victory"" and will resume them after I have completed with all the factions. Hopefully by then you'll have more campaign DLC =)Many people pointed out this game could've been an expansion on Rome 2, and I agree with that. However, I didn't feel like I was cheated paying for this game. Developers need to make money and there was a lot of development time invested in this game. It does look like ""a new skin for Rome 2"" on the shallow view, but after playing it for a while it becomes clear that many changes have been made.I feel a lot of people gave this game unfairly poor reviews due to it being a ""new"" game and not an expansion on Rome 2. It's sad that everyone wants something for free or cheap these days. That's why strategy games are hurting so bad. I say ignore those fools. When they are only left with f2p/p2w mmo games they will realize the error of their ways =) Keep charging a premium price for premium games and those people will still buy plenty of copies when it goes on sale.And a side note: I haven't played multiplayer yet, but I've heard it is better and more stable than Rome 2."
,Not Recommended,325610,19467131,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Zephro,"I've played all the Total War games. They have gotten far prettier over the years but not the slightest bit smarter. It's definitely an improvement on Rome 2, the disorder is vaguelly manageable, but the AI is still ludicrous. Subjugate a small country and they declare independence at the end of that turn. Nobody will trade with the Roman Empire because they are supposedly terrifying despite having all this wine to trade. The AI doesn't play smart or play for it's own aims it just punishes the player for selecting a harder difficulty in entirely arbitrary ways.The tech tree makes no sense as the Romans. I'm the Roman Empire at the heigh of it's extent. Why can't I train cavalry without doing research? Or train archers... as if the bow hadn't been invented hundreds of years before hand. Again it's just arbitrary and annoying.In comparison the grand strategy games from Paradox over the years have just gotten smarter, deeper and more fun."
76561198060160554,Recommended,325610,22036934,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,rumarji.t,Good Game... but still poorly optimized.
,Recommended,325610,18079562,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,nL.Grape,"I like the battle interface better than Rome II, but Rome II campaign UI seems better"
76561198048066878,Recommended,325610,18094197,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Zwemke,One of the best recent total war titles.  Very challenging and immersive.  I highly recomend this game and its most recent DLC - Empires of Sand.
,Recommended,325610,18078553,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,BlowGunMyFace,It's fun to play and i have all the total war games and this is not the worst one good jo b
76561198112805930,Recommended,325610,19654071,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Bad News Bears,"And he who sat on that horse had a bow, and he went forth to conquer!"
,Recommended,325610,14942410,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,zeal,♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING
,Recommended,325610,14940939,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,four_th_fall_n,"A new step in the Total War series... I know a lot of people began to dislike them with the rather bad release of Rome II... But honestly in my opinion, It didn't take them long to fix all of the errors they had upon release. Attila adds more control over the faction menu and some more options regarding general and military upgrades.. overall... I love it, just like I have loved each new addition they throw at us.. Yea I'm sort of a die hard fan here... take this review knowing I am a biased MF HAHA!!!"
76561198106242094,Recommended,325610,14513021,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Guilty,"great game, however need a very good laptp/computer to run."
,Recommended,325610,29977331,Posted: 16 February,all,Tonks,4/5
76561198043509234,Recommended,325610,14942443,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,MexicanYoga,"I just want to start off by saying that I have been an avid Total War fan since Medieval I. This has got to be my favorite game series out there. I get lost in these games!Attila is near perfect. I really do not have any complaints about it. It runs so smooth (and has from day one), the gameplay is refined in both campaign and battle mode, and it is totally engrossing. I loved Rome II, and this is even better.As a huge history buff these games have always peaked my interest and made gaming that much more rewarding. Attila does an excellent job of portraying the time period correctly.If you have never played a Total War game, I would tell you to start with Rome II first. Attila is pretty unforgiving, and Rome II would be a great set of training wheels.To address all the hate directed at CA for all of the DLC, people need to grow up and realize that these game companies have to make money to stay open and keep making games. Quit complaining about DLC. There was plenty of content when this game launched to justify it being a full game, and I know that they will support the hell out of this game like they did Rome II and previous titles.All in all I would call Attila a masterpiece. Great job CA, I can't wait for the next one."
76561198008105365,Recommended,325610,14967378,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Greenman515,"To start off I am a huge fan of the total war franchise so for those of you that see this being too big of a bias this review obviously is not for you.  But, I will try and be as objective as humanly possible.To date this is my favorite title of the entire series of total war games.  I did not like Rome 2, at first I did but going on hour 10 and more into the game my opinion started to diminish.  That is for numerious reasons, different title, I am not going to get into that.  However it seems to me that Attila is the real materialization of the vision behind Rome 2.  This is coming from the media pieces and such that I have seen with regards to Rome 2 and some about Attila.  With all that being said I will get into the things I really enjoy about this game.Some old mechanics are back, such as the family tree.  Very cool cause the internal dynamic of your entire has stuff going on and CA has really implemented some meaning things here.  Its almost like there is a mini game here that impacts the bigger picture.  We got layers, and they seem useful.  It is not perfect by any means and there are things that can be done here, but what they have works.The battles are what you would expect no surprise there and they are as satisfying as they have been.  There are a few small things that really complement this department, such as details and and sieges.  What I like most about the battles is the different play styles and troops.  I can be succesful with many different styles and I haven't really seen this in any other total war game.  That is why this is my favorite of all of them.  Sure Rome 2 had a bunch of different troops but create an army of heavy roman inf and they are pretty much unstoppable.  In attila you got four real different styles of combat, which really adds ""flavor"" to the game.  To give background about myself, I am a hard to very hard type player, and i usually like playing factions that have harder than normal starting positions.  I could have completely dropped the ball in all the other games and missed this aspect of them by a long shot, who knows.In this title I feel like I am getting more of a complete package of grand strategy.  I have to deal with numerious things all in all that have not taken away from my desire to crush an army in tactical combat.Now from some of the things I do not like.Having close to 140 hours, I would say the first 20 were tough as I was trying to figure out how the game plays out. I like to think I am quite familar with total war and this game can be quite punishing.  I almost want to say there is a more linear way to which this game plays out for alot of the factions. Linear as in there are a good number of things you should do otherwise you are going to get punished.  There are alot of factions in this game although we are only given a taste, which im sure will be release more and more with DLCs (which in my opinion is actually good business), I just dont like it.  It is pretty hard to find things in this game that I don't like, as I am sure there are tons of internet people that could go on for hours and hours bashing and bashing.  Yeah there are alot of things that could be done to this game im sure, but it is pretty darn good. I definitely recommend it! For those not familar with grand strategy this game has a learning curve but not as bad as some titles out there.Out of five stars, i give attila 4.75"
,Recommended,325610,14988183,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,SwiftEscudo,10/10 for not being rome 2
,Recommended,325610,14975995,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,hue,Really great game. But I miss the old playstyle from Empire: Total War.Attila's + Rome2 + Empire = WOW
,Recommended,325610,15190517,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,They Call Me El Civ,"""Attila total war comes packed with a myriad of tweaks, upgrades and features that make it a better experience than it’s predecessor, Rome 2.  The AI’s better, the crashes are few and far between.  The Multiplayer actually works.  The siege game is more robust.  The units are diverse and unique.  You can see citizens mull about the cities during sieges.  Little changes and tune ups like these all accumulate together to give fans and newcomers alike a strong experience that is worthy of a spot in the total war spotlight.  Creative Assembly did a wonderful job with this one, and some of my faith in them has been resotred after the dreadful pile that was Rome Total War 2.  For a new spin on Total War, one that focuses more on survival, mobility, and brutal decision making, pick up Attila and let your inner Hun run wild on the ancient world.""Video Review:https://youtu.be/XZaiHK7LHXs"
,Recommended,325610,15263921,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,King Kunta,Amazed
76561198097799802,Recommended,325610,14966231,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Charliemurf,"Awesome game! Love the 4 seasons/turns per year and the gameplay is smooth and easy to get the hang of. I do recommend Total war: Attila as it's a great total war game and new total war players as well as the veterans will enjoy playing for hours. but on the other hand I'am very disappointed with the way they are selling this game they should be ashamed for selling factions as DLC's, especially at $7.99 for 3 factions! and so close to the release of the full game, just release the complete game and stop making players pay for it in overpriced intallments!"
76561198202313240,Not Recommended,325610,20597927,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,TheLegend,"it doesnt work, i dont know what to do. I bought this since last June, but still not working."
76561198065881645,Recommended,325610,19923539,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,SpookyR6SAndMemes,Recently bought this game. its nice.
76561198165557195,Recommended,325610,17212731,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Kmarble16,Atilla total war has a much better battle gameplay than rome 2 and it realease was way better. But it does feel like just an updated version of Rtw barbarian invasion.
,Recommended,325610,21220382,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Azimuth Mental,"Best TW yet. Lot's of people who hate on it don't like how the mechanics are different from other TW games like M2 and Shogun. Lots of them also compain about DLC. However, new mechanics introduced in Attila make the game challenging and fun- it has also become more complex as a result. The way DLC is handled is how it has been for the last few game or so- and as a result it will not change. I love the game because it is hard and different. If you like a challenge and complexity in your strategy games, then buy this. If you don't, then don't buy it. I like it very much though."
76561198007940026,Recommended,325610,14960652,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Liam.,"Attila is what Rome II was supposed to be, and it does it well. The addition of having both family infighting and the renewed addition of the family tree is a major help to the immerson. Battles are better, more balanced and reflect the state of darkness taking over Europe during the rise of Attila. Would reccomend."
76561198024205782,Recommended,325610,15083741,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Tea ❀,"Attila Total War is turning out to be a whole lot of fun. A summary of just one game:Europe is a mess of burned and gutted provinces and feuding warlords. Eastern and Western Rome are falling apart as they lose ground and provinces, separatists break away, and the remainders are annihilated or conquered under new overlords. The East is rising under a glorious Persia and even sending out colonists into the far north, while exterminating any rampaging barbarian hordes they come across (and there are still many tribes of rampaging barbarians). While some peoples perish utterly, the civilised build baths, fine industries and temples. As many starve or succumb to disease, the few lucky ones far from the burning borders have an abundance of food and herds. In religion, Zoroastrianism is growing while Greek Christianity is in peril. Attila Total War is great."
,Recommended,325610,15494685,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,mmedt,"I like all the TW series included Attila.But I've a question:All the turns are mathematical processes, game doesn't need to speed up every graphical actions. I play Crusader Kings also, and it does more complicated actions in REAL TIME!! So I wonder if anyone know real coding can give me a theory or facts behind this time consuming turns?"
76561198029482734,Recommended,325610,15504413,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Ennesia,"I like it. I hated Rome II's start and coming into Attila was a breath of fresh air. The sheer polish they put into this game is great. Makes me think, that if they had put this amount of polish into Rome II from the beginning aswell. It would've been just as great. But here we have Attila. Only things I will say about Attila is that I like the new combat mechanics of sieging, the AI is better. Graphics are beautiful and the only thing I really have against is, that I do not love the time period. Which almost destroys the entire thing for me. I've logged 320+ hours into Rome II and as I am writing this I have not even put 30+ into Attila. The Time Period means alot of me in these games and if it does not grap me, niether does the game. Game is very good and polished though."
76561198053973176,Not Recommended,325610,15722559,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,zeek-of-the-east,"The game was realeased in Febuary. I buy the game load it up and the first thing i notice is units clipping through the ground, It is now May. Nothing has changed since Rome 2."
,Not Recommended,325610,16938600,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,O'Malley,Rome II with slightly more polish10/10 would get milked again
,Recommended,325610,15497186,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,nyaxxy,"A great upgrade on what was a flawed predecessor, the main flaws self inflicted. Overall the game feels more gritty, more dynamic and more battle-ridden than Rome II did. The UI has had an improvment as has the political system and province managment. A return of the family tree sees generals take back their importance to the player, trying to forge a path for them through history and all the trials which come with it.At times, the design decisions made with unit upgrades/unlocks can seem counterintuitive, and some retinues still not working as intended but the launch of the game went smooth and since then there has been no glaring issues rending the game unplayable.I do have to recommend the title. Attila is a very good game with a very active modding community, so if you pick the game up and have some issues with certain aspects of the game, then I am sure you'll find mods to help tailor the experience to your desires."
76561198007792695,Not Recommended,325610,15644094,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Taranis6,Does not launch
76561198110886700,Recommended,325610,14593988,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,VesuVius,Awesome! Game!
76561198090082526,Recommended,325610,22135865,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,frenchypower99,"This game is amazing on of itself, and to add even more the workshop offers amazing additions to further gameplay"
,Not Recommended,325610,21417508,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Witnessed,After running out of games to play I was debating if i should buy Total War Attila or go to the pawn shop and get a gun. I should have got the gun.
76561198131059628,Recommended,325610,22793392,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Igorrr,Better than TW:M2
76561198014820430,Recommended,325610,14965122,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Volk,"This is the best mix between the Total war games Medieval 2, Shogun, and Rome 2. You have a family tree that you can do a lot of interacting with (family tree like from Medieval 2, interactive like Rome 2). The problem with Rome 2 is the political instigations were impossible to figure out and didn't really affect anything after the first 20-30 turns. The best it took from Shogun was enable you to recruit very useful agents and when generals and agents leveled up you could choose their specializations. My only wish is that they let you have some more agents, aparently you have to wait until you build the most advanced building (which is at the end of the research trees, hence takes a long time to get to) in the chain that allows you to recruit a unit. A lot is taken from Rome 2 since the time period is the beginning of the end of the Roman empire. For you diehard Total War Fans lets face it, for all the total war games the most fun battle play was Medieval 2. Perhaps in Medieval 2 your Generals were very leathal and had a huge impact in battle (which is probably unrealistic). I had so much fun in Medieval 2 watching 6 groups of crossbowmen chew away at the approaching army, and above all watching a heavy cavalry charge and decimate an entire group of infantry. In Attila it is more realistic and fun to play through the battles. Your archers have the ability to use 3 different types of arrows which is very cool and it tells you what effects will happen when you change the type of arrow. Your catapults are much more effective and can help a lot in a battle. The one glitch I have noticed in Attila is if you adopt members from the 'other' families they dont show up in your family tree and thus are not able to use their political instigations.Good job Creative Assembly, this is a huge improvement from Rome 2, keep them coming!"
76561198006637372,Recommended,325610,14520041,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,A Pickle,"I plan on writing an extensive review later on as I play more, but for the short amount of time I've put into this thus far, this is some of the features that I thought stood out in comparison to Total War: Rome II...1. Just by the main menu theme alone, I personally find the soundtrack of Attila: Total War to be much more captivating and grativiting than its predecessor. The music fits the Dark Ages of Europe almost perfectly, fitting with the theme that no matter which faction you play as, the flood of death and destruction that is The Huns will slowly and in full force make its way to your borders. I found that while playing the campaign, this style of music makes the atmosphere of the world almost apocolyptic, giving you the feeling of vulnerability throughtout your playthrough.2. Since a long time, I am beggining to feel attached to characters in the game again. This is accomplished thanks to the new immersive family tree and political system the good folks at Creative Assembly added into the game. With this new system, you now take the time ( for as long as it takes) to advance and steel key positions within your kingdom or empire. Putting characters in different positions within your politcal structure now grant rewarding bonuses to either your army or regions in the game, rewards that I find many players will take the effort to gain.Basically the attachment players may get to certain characters is the combined result of the time players will use to advance charcters they wish to see get ahead in the world. Seeing an heir whom you've molded through various political actions, military conquests and family shapings became king later on is rather satidfying.3. Sieges in Total War: Attila are much more immersive and chaotic than from any other Total War game ever made. This is in due part to the ""end of the world"" scenario making a big theme in this game, but having settlements degrade after prolonged sieges and set a fire, having rotted corpses littered around the base of the walls and having siege barristers battered and broken at the attackers deployment zone is indeed a site one will not get tired of anytime soon.Added, causing fire storms in city settlements is something I look foward to do now just for the visual awes, even if it means me having to pay for it later on (plus it gives demoralising effects to the defenders).Overall, I was greatly impressed by what Total War: Attila offered me in my short time playing, I would play all day if I could, but unfortuntaly I have an exam I need to study for (in Roman history ironically).Despite some bugs I saw (jittering soliders, stagnant AI campaign armies), I look foward to playing this again real soon and hope that I can put up a more detailed review on this game."
76561198095419542,Recommended,325610,14978304,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Spatula Khan,"This game is the much improved version of RTW2. I would definitely recommend this game. However the DLC is THE worst , CA really has taken a turn for the worst in some ways. Also as a result of the new update it's just an unstable mess, which they cant be bothered to fix."
76561197997328118,Not Recommended,325610,16918208,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Cylix,Worst game ever. You start out in an area where you can’t even move anywhere because of your enemies area of control. So you stay blocked in until they kill you which takes a few turns. I have never played a game where I lose over and over again in the first few minutes of playing. I have it set on normal and picked a faction with an “easy” start location doesn’t make any sense at all.
76561198106307147,Recommended,325610,17213848,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,:{ MGL }: Mighty Assurbanipal,its just amazing! so so better than rome 2!
,Recommended,325610,14518878,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Blackbelt  | ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ,THIS GAME IS SO AWESOME!!!!YOU HAVE TO HAVE IT!100/10
,Recommended,325610,14999703,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,RipperLord,Improves on previous TW games in almost every single way; making it super easy for newcomers to enjoy this one.
76561198025815007,Not Recommended,325610,16121026,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,tuggatugga,"I was so excited about this game - big TW fan in general.  I am sure the game would be ok if it wasnt so dreadfully slow! All settings set to absolutely minimum on a brand new MacBookPro (2.5Ghz i7, 16GB ram Nvidia 750M 2048) - moving to next turn takes 2-4 minutes. Loading a battle takes about 1 minute. Once battle is loaded it runs fine until battle is over (no graphic lag)  ... clicking YES to ""are you sure you want to exit to desktop"" takes about 1 minute.Going to play some more Rome 2 - which is a LOT faster and therefor much more enjoyable to play."
76561198070170524,Recommended,325610,15389053,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,x-Auditore-x,U can kill ppl!
,Recommended,325610,17216226,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Ral-Jiktar,"So close to perfectFixes what Rome did wrong, but not Shogun 2 great."
,Recommended,325610,15495810,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Hermes,"You need a real beefy computer for it to run fast, i have a very nice computer with very good stats, but while I can run at the highest graphics smoothly, it takes up to 10 minutes for a battle to load.Should be renamed Total War: Load Times  or   Total War: DLCHowever I enjoy the family tree and the overall game is good"
,Recommended,325610,15548402,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Lord Walrus Teh Fifth,it's extremely fun to play but it seems like a reskin of total war: rome 2
76561198099052048,Not Recommended,325610,17668701,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,gamemaster3000,this game doesnt even work on my computer and has less quality. good job
,Not Recommended,325610,21807448,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Leb,"While it incorporates a lot of changes which would have made Rome 2 great, I can't justify getting this even at it's reduced price point. Optimization is abysmal, and CA still hasn't learned to program AI."
,Not Recommended,325610,17948786,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,LaStDaNcE,"The new engine is horrible, everything is dark and looks old. Total War Rome II engine was perfect and they had to change it."
76561198006670677,Recommended,325610,14961281,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Trigger,good game
76561198040899119,Recommended,325610,14989382,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Volek,"1/5 stars. If you want the full review with all stars you can purchase the DLC for it for 6.75 euros.I love the Total War series, but this DLC madness is going too far, Creative Assembly : / I will recomend the game because its a good game, but there needs to be some real changes in how we are getting DLC's shoved down our throats to play the game at its fullest potential."
76561198033675836,Recommended,325610,15580310,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,TorriderKnave43,"""Total War: Attila"" is not a bad game at all. It's, in fact, a great game, full of so many tweaks, additions, improvements and new possibilities than I simply had to recommend it.I want to be clear: this game is far from perfect, but it's still a really enjoyable experience bot for hardcore Total War fans and newcomers.Pros:- It's difficult. Really, you will be really busy trying to figure out how to survive for the whole first part of the campaign. Diseases, wars, raids from Huns and migratory factions, the ever-increasing cold, collapse of trade, all of them are problems to be solved; but, mostly, famine will be your greatest enemy, as you will be needing to move more and more south in order to feed your people. This is true both to migratory and sedentary factions. Sometimes, it could even be necessary to leave some of your settlements behind and raze them on purpose, in order not to leave anything to the upcoming enemies or to cut the costs.- It brings atmosphere. You will really feel part of the game's world, as you dive deeper and deeper in a desperate Europe. You will distinctly feel an apocalyptic vibe as you'll sadly see ancient cities razed to the ground, peoples destroyed and shattered and the fires of war waging across the known world. Playing with the Ostrogoths, I even felt guilty when I realized I was using the once glorious Roman Empire just like everyone else: as a big carcass to peck at little by little, in order to save my people from cold and starvation. Now, I'm playing with Western Roman Empire, and sometimes I really feel like a hero, saving what rests of civilization from the oblivion, even if I have to make drastical decisions sometimes.- New functions. Immigration is something you have to carefully consider in the game, since it can decide the destiny of many of your outer provinces. The armies' integrity system is appealing and fun to manage, trying to prevent your armies from taking arms against you, as often happened during the last Roman period; there are lots of variables you must take into account: rivalry between armies, too much time without fighting, incompetent generals, religious disorders. Then, there is religion: it's a delight to see your religion spread, and it's interesting to manage all the various religions into your provinces. Each religion gives your faction some unique traits and two religion-specific edicts. There are lots of cults, such as Latin, Greek and Arian Christianity, German and Celtic paganism, Zoroastrism and even the strange and exotic Manichaeism.- Migrations. Hordes are simply great to watch and to use. They are difficult to handle, you must be careful about their mood, their improvised buildings and, mostly, it's not a ""go horde, run, settle down again"" like it was in Barbarian Invasions: now, you have to be really careful about what to do with your horde. Settling without enough planning, resouces, armies and population management can easily bring about devastating disasters to your faction. Playing with migrating hordes is definetly funny and highly difficult.- Politics. The new family tree system si simply amazing: we asked for something like that in Rome II and we got the most immersive, complex and deep politics business a Total War game ever had. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sons who kill their father, daughters that try to marry against the wish of their father, ruthless careering generals that buy or sell their loyalty. In addition, the possibility of appointing governors instead of generals adds a renewed depth to your characters, and be assured that you will care about them as much as you did with every Total War game previous to Rome II.- It's good to play even without DLCs. In fact, DLCs are absolutely not necessary to enjoy the base game, they just add new textures and playable units. There are already plenty of playable factions in the base game, enough to give the players hourse of diverse gameplay. If you don't want to buy DLC, just do not do it.Cons:- Graphics and engine. The graphics are just slightly improved since Rome II and the Warscape Engine still has the same flaws that every fan could notice since Shogun 2.- Battle AI. Every Total War game has something wrong with battle AI. Sadly, Attila too. I didn't notice any enhancement and sometimes the enemy troops rout way too soon (though not as often as they did in Rome II).- Too many DLC in little time. In barely three months, we had three four different DLCs. I don't know why CA did this, but probably it's one their worst move, because it has cooled down much of the fans' enthusiasm for the release of the game.- Lack o historicity. There are lots of totally made up troops and even armors. The Easter Roman Empire, for example, has several infantry and cavalry units that were only first used in the VIII-IX century; and the Huns are inexplicably Mongolian (WTF?). For history fans, this could be a really annoying issue.In ""Total War: Attila"" there are so many changes and improvements that sometimes it's easy to forget that it is Rome II's Napoleon. As a Total War fan, as a passionate gamer and as a RTS lover, I highly recommend to pick up this game. If you're not sure about it or you want to but all DLCs, you really should wait for Steam's sales. Otherwise, go ahead and immerse yourself in this game full of atmosphere and feeling."
76561198126675706,Not Recommended,325610,15636759,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,snapidog,this game lags all the time and it bearley works for me
76561197970696572,Not Recommended,325610,15701511,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,NoToS,Total war Rome 2.5. Factions and graphic features stripped to make money.
76561198233685840,Not Recommended,325610,16869095,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,I'm Marry Poppins Y'all,"The thing i dislike the most is having women in my army.-looks stupid-women should not fight in battles mine as well add children-it looks stupid when they fight-two basic modles so they all look like clones, more so then the men bcause there are fewer of them-the huns have women that look so rediculous i had to cry-trying to promote women equality in an over politically correct worldThat reason alone turns me off from this game completly, and i wish i could get my money back now but i can't so i take the loss and write this ...sad story."
76561198016593641,Recommended,325610,21223029,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,TheLizardKing,"I guess it was updated, never really experienced the issues others had."
76561197995477004,Not Recommended,325610,22033333,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Carrot,"Couldn't even play an hour. Nothing like Shogun, which seemed to have a lot of time and effort put into it."
,Recommended,325610,22171501,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Halthor,I dig it.
76561198054721798,Recommended,325610,21293238,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,The Judgment,Its okay i guess
,Not Recommended,325610,20499118,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,jakeDpro,"I picked this game up when it first came out, put it down(it was kinda bad) and picked it back up again. After playing it for about 10 hours around 1/12/2016 i figured it would have improved, but to my dissapointment, the game just fails in almost every cattegory. I dont recommend this game but i have to say the battle mech are great, if thats what you're after then go look up total war arenahttp://www.totalwar.com/arena"
76561198086498571,Not Recommended,325610,21128042,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,StonkerTV,Runs slow and looks ewwwwwww... unless you have a $3000 PC
,Recommended,325610,15082268,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Kenichi Shinoda,Nice game
,Recommended,325610,15527288,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Sálúhusn,"As someone who is relatively new to the Total War series, the game is quite enjoyable, once you find a good graphical setting and get used to the control scheme. While I do not really appreciate the DLC Policy and the prices for them, I believe the game on its own is well worth its price, and especially worthy on a sale!"
,Recommended,325610,15790210,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,[SF]NajtreG,"Pretty good imo, like the nomad and raze option. Feels nice to coop this and finished a few single player campaigns. Only lame when AI razes all the towns.... :D"
76561198046386543,Recommended,325610,17094695,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Might_of_the_Anglosphere,"One of the best total war titles in a while from the campaign perspective. Dissapointed in the DLC whoring, but the level of difficulty and the political dynamics really are top notch.Multiplayer sucks though. I will still recommend it for the campaign, as I've felt an overall satisifying experirence playing."
76561198008494931,Recommended,325610,17180841,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,KBz | Darth Meth,"Good game.     It's probably the most challenging TW game.Pro:AI seems better,  particularly the combat AINaval fleets serve a purpose and can be incredibly usefulBalancing and combat pacing seems to have been a priority.Family tree and politics are good.  The more complex the betterUI and overall graphic tone is much improved from Rome 2."
76561198032313177,Recommended,325610,15083918,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin,"One of the best of the Total war games, even better than Rome 2, i am glad i spent my money on it. only problem is ridiculous dlc's with ridic prices, why sega, why??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????"
,Recommended,325610,15099821,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Reilly,"Enjoyable game to this Franchaise, taking things from Rome 2 and making them even better. Campgain is enjoyable, I like it but does not compare to the fun I've had playing Shogun 2. Multiplayer seems to be a bit, well, broken right now but I expect to see patches fix balancing issues in the future. The only thing, I think is wrong is, this feels like it should be a Standalone from Rome 2. Just like Shogun 2 had Fall of the Samurai. If you are intersted in it I did say wait for a sale and then purchase it. I do reccommend the game, I enjoy it a lot."
76561197962333606,Recommended,325610,15224271,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,King Pokemon,"Love this game, Love this brandamazing game play/Graphicsnothing else compairsEXCESSIVE DLC and excessive prices on said DLC ruined it  (For Me)"
,Not Recommended,325610,16812500,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Bob Loblaw's Law Blog,I keep trying to like it. Some good ideas but it just does not play well.
,Recommended,325610,15093047,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Rudizz,I love this game :D If you cant win by Diplomacy do it by RAW POWER :D
76561198037760176,Recommended,325610,16762400,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,wnealer,The best & most realistic Total War game so far!
,Recommended,325610,16738653,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Mumbling_Abomination,"I can'nt recomend this due to some poor gameplay things but i cant say i dont recomend this the graphics are beutiful and the sieges and battles are biger than ever but most computers wont be able to cope this game really needs to be easier to run for the large number of more basic PC,S if you have a spacilised gaming rig with a good GPU you will love this if not buy it in a sale and file it away to play when you get a better pc or better GPU."
76561198030829682,Not Recommended,325610,16783056,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,acanno10,"I’m losing faith.  We all know the disaster that was Rome II.  That was fixed, (mostly by modders) and Rome II is now an O.K. game.  The D.L.C. releases are crushing my faith in this franchise.  Can’t play as the Vikings without forking over eight bucks, and then when I do, I’m shocked at how underdeveloped the factions are.  Another eight bucks to play as the Celts and Longbeards?  No thank you.  These practices are shocking, and must stop.  Build a well-developed game for release!  Stop focusing all you time and money on half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥D.L.C.!  While there are a few improvements in this game compared to Rome II, they don’t warrant paying another fifty bucks.  They only aspect that would make this game worth playing, is the setting.  Probably the most fascinating chapter in the history of Rome is its fall, and this game tells the story pretty well.  I would have, Instead, waited another two to three years for this title.  Instead I have a moderately improved Rome II with a change of setting.  Poor show Creative Assembly, poor show."
76561197970664000,Recommended,325610,16728471,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Pezhetairos,"Going to keep this short(ish), and I wont go into design-choices or gameplay-mechanics, as everyone has a different taste/opinion regarding such things.The game is bug-wise in a comparably good shape, however I do recommend a rather powerful computer if you want to crank the graphics up to the maximum.If you know Total War, then you know what to expect. In direct comparison with Rome 2, its a deeper campaign with more things to care about or to keep in check (family tree, politics, sanitation, army-integrity), the interface is in my opinion more informative, but can also be a little overwhelming if you're not used to it. It is an interesting but also obscure historical setting, but everyone needs to decide for himself which historical setting is more interesting.Adequate selection of factions in the core game, however the southern and eastern part of the campaign-map is currently lacking in playable factions. Most factions are situated in central and eastern europe.Lastly, the mod-community is again offering a lot of mods, giving you the chance to tailor the game more to your liking.Overall, I think the game (right now at least) does not have the cultural spectrum and variety that Rome 2 had, but makes up for it with deeper and maybe more difficult campaign-gameplay. I recommend watching some gameplay-videos to really get a sense of what its like."
,Not Recommended,325610,16716809,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,sweatshopking,"Played the crap out of rome 2, but i don't understand this ""expansion"". when dealing with large groups of units and I issue an attack order, half of my group turns around and walks to the opposite side of the map. When moving groups of units, half of them think ""rather than lining up as would make sense, instead i'll line up like 1km away from where the mouse is"". these game breaking issues have forced me to uninstall this game. I can't figure out how to make it behave as Rome 2, where people go where you say and line up where you want them to, so i really cannot recommend this game.Sucks, because I really was looking forward to it. For now, i'm sticking to the controversial rome 2."
,Recommended,325610,16725875,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Kai | Candles,Total War: ATILLA definetly isn't the best Total War game but it definetly isn't the worst one.  If you like thestyle of Rome II then this game is pretty much a re-skin of it with some cool new added features.
76561197971756893,Recommended,325610,14669220,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Gentleman,"Good game in the continuation of Total war. Great graphics, challenging battles and starting positions and family trees are back!!! Only problems I have with it is optimazation is still bad and i'm having crash problems and the AI is still kinda derpy but other then that I would wait for a few patches before you buy but once the optimazation is fixed I recommond picking it up and adding it to the collection if you are a total war fan."
76561198081254806,Recommended,325610,14831366,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Gannicus,Played the Game as Viking and it was clearly designed with purpose. Played as East Roman Empire and again was very enjoyable. Played as Visgoth and had a great time even if eventually slaughtered. However when I try to play as Hun there seems to be a real playability issue that I hope the devs address because for a game called Total War : Atilla the Huns in this game although powerful are hunted down like vermin by relentless AI makes you think your playing Western Roman empire instead.DEVS:I'm not telling you how to make your game but can you check into this I think you will find that my coments have purpose.
76561198055480408,Recommended,325610,14858479,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Pownage598,"The game is frickin dope, a huge improvement over Total War: Rome 2 in ALL aspecs, although the BS cash grabbing attempts for the unit packs is a continuos let down, it  also does require a beastly computer to run it on max settings, it is still enjoyable to play"
76561198025858408,Not Recommended,325610,30350327,Posted: 5 March,all,Captain Cool,Is no one going to talk about how ugly and convoluted the UI and settlement pictures are? It's pretty much an instant turn off for me as petty as it is. This reskin of Rome 2 was nice and all but geeze. You didn't have to go uglifying the icons for a game I have to shill out another games price to get all the factions.
76561198010299564,Recommended,325610,14637178,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Cyber Man,"ATTILA, is a really good game. I purchased it yesterday and can't get enough.. It's AI is now actually challenging, and I do not now feel it is predictible and boring.However the game has only been out a week and there is already a DLC out, pretty disgusting really. There is also talk of another coming out in the next couple of weeks. I mean the game is £30 and I have to pay £6 for a DLC straight away and another possible £6?! You are forced to do so due to the limited playable factions.Overall 8/10.. Good game, would reccomend!"
76561198062185700,Recommended,325610,14652131,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,SlightlyStoopid,"As the Saxons spread their influence to their neighnoring tribes, those who did no comply suffered our wrath. As the Northern Tribes grew in strength, and allied with each other, the Western Roman Empire was in their sights. As the tribes settled and plundered their crumbling infrustructure, a storm was brewing to the east. The Huns were coming. So the Saxons in an effort to prolong the inevitable, were able to solidify a non agression pact with them. The Huns knew the strength of the combined northern tribes and accepted the peace but they are never to be trusted. As the Saxons are the leaders of the norther tribes at this point, and the Huns were all but finished sacking and plundering Rome, the Saxons Premptivley attacked. And so one by one the Northern Tribes were being desolated by the Huns, but the Saxons will never give up, and they delt the final blow to the impending doom, that had reached all the way up to the shores of Britain. But now a new threat has revealed its self, Constantinople and the Eastern Roman Empire, who left unchecked has grown to massive strength. None the less, the Saxons and the Northern Tribes will prevail, if the gods see fit.Hell F'n Yea, thats what I Call total War, and thats only my first campaighn so far."
,Recommended,325610,14785853,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,♛Emperor jjnkns♛,"Pros:- New features that can lead to fun experiences- Different ai than most total wars though not the best makes it a fun learning experience for veteran total war players- Bigger map- More in depth politics similar to original Rome ( makes it feel less like the game is solely about building big armies )- Missile units are much more effective than in other total wars ( some are a little overpowered if used right )Cons:- Expensive DLC that doesn't add much- Not many units for some nations- Rebellions occur frequently if not handled properly- Hard to make money if you don't know how to- Armies are significantly more expensive to sustain and use- If you are a non-Roman nation and take over a Roman city the conversion cost of the central building is ridiculously expensive if you are in an early stage in the game and takes quite a while to finish which within the time a rebellion will likely occur- Unit armour and colors aren't very realistic ( Roman armor isn't very time realistic and Nordic uniforms are very bright when they should be darker )Notes:Definitely wouldn't recommend for newer total war players dont buy this as your first total war but if you have expierence with them than the game can be fun. Almost everything is more expensive which presents more of an economic challenge and if you are waging war on Rome be prepared for lots and lots of rebellions. Bigger map adds some fun if you are a Horde and if you feel like destroying all of europe you can become a horde and raze every city you come to. ( Very Very fun to do with a strong nation ) Overall the game isn't finished and needs polishing but I feel that the good people at creative assembly and the amazing modding community that the total war series has, can truly make this an extremly fun game when it is all said and done."
,Recommended,325610,14514797,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,brandon,"Game seems pretty good so far, adding the family tree again was a great idea and makes the game much more entertaining. With a few patches here and there the game could be great. 9/10"
76561198002763579,Recommended,325610,14629842,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,=WW§= Spindel,"Epic game AI is more difficult then Rome II, I love the new art design fits the era and the dark age feel which is what this game is all. Considering it is about the events that shaped the transition to the medieval dark ages!That said Raiding is epic fun, towns and villages are larger in size, and you can LIGHT STUFF ON FIRE AND IT SPREADSnot to mention random villagers sometimes either flee from your sight or attempt to assault your men in vain >:)A lot was improved over Rome II in terms of RPG elements such as family trees, politcs rework, expanded char options. As well as the AI being more challenging making less mistakes which is also a welcome experience.Now of course like all major title games released it has its occasional bugs and crashes however I must say unlike last release (Rome II) they are relatively minor and rare in occurance at least so far in my first 89 Hrs of gameplay and like last time I am confident these will be patched away :)All and all if you enjoy history and grand stratgey in a sandbox enviornment that makes every game different from the last then this is the game for you! and lets not forget migrating via Hordes(army + city on the go) to new lands!to all who do end up giving this game a try Happy Raiding & Migrating!"
76561198019856429,Recommended,325610,14769777,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,MC Bishop,this game is very fun
76561198156456647,Recommended,325610,14814028,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Kfootballer,TTotal war attila is a great game. 8.5 out of 10.
76561198110559436,Recommended,325610,14781955,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Gmaster1126,"Dont listen to all the recent bad reviews for this game.  There just pissy about all the dlc horing.  The game itself is a huge improvement from Rome 2.  If you love strategic survival and total war, you will enjoy this game!"
76561198015022101,Recommended,325610,14631593,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Rooster,"Love this game!! Much better then the previous Rome II, The game (mechanics) Really have watch what your doing in this not just run and conquer like before. I feel this game is leading to Medieval III. It's like the early King days. The Dark Ages for sure!!"
76561198017016530,Recommended,325610,14813444,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Banksy,yes i do love total war. i am a fan boy lol but i like this game it was very simaler to rome 2 with some grate add ons the fall of rome recomend to every total war fan
76561198080917873,Not Recommended,325610,19675527,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,cavemen,AI sucks.....
76561198033984598,Recommended,325610,17483498,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Animono,Rating: 9/10
76561198058534410,Recommended,325610,21709754,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Djura,"Aside from all the classic bugs and bad buisness deals by CA (Culture Packs...), this Total War is actually great. Battles are awesome, campaign is actually woriking, AI is not autistic, management is complex for a Total War game and last, but not the least, the graphics are beautiful."
76561198018730351,Recommended,325610,20148868,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,davtonius,"I am going to recommend this game, despite CA`s awful tactic of putting out a really incomplete, unsatisfactory game. They have angered a large number of Fans. Having said that, with Attila and the other DLC`s, I really enjoy playing this game. It is very deep, yet playable and adds to the legacy of TOTAL WAR games. However if they want to keep the loyal fanbase, dont pick our pockets and smile while doing it. I have been a fan since the original Shogun and I hope the use SHOGUN2 as a template for how to put out a great game from the start."
76561198355610896,Recommended,325610,34700817,Posted: 2 September,all,kozankata,top
76561198116839914,Not Recommended,325610,32164837,Posted: 3 June,all,Earl DeVere I,"This just doesn't feel like Total War. I very much enjoyed Rome II and this is pretty much Rome III, but honestly, the campaign just gets boring after a while and the custom battle looks bizarre. Everyone, I would definitely pick Rome II over Attila."
76561198146570140,Not Recommended,325610,34202616,Posted: 12 August,all,Profil Namn,"This game is incredibly unbalanced, and the dlc factions are op, which makes atilla remind me of mobile games. Pay - to - win. If you buy the dlc's you can have full teir 3 armys all the time pretty much, and units that will destroy there vanilla counterparts."
76561198350234051,Not Recommended,325610,29492450,Posted: 25 January,all,ryan.rodriguez90,Especially if you have a mac do not get this game.  The game crashes during every navy battle and there are very rarly ever any online game avaliable because mac users can only play mac users in this game.  And depending on your computer you wont get amazing graphics because you are forced to lower your graphics in order for the game to even run smoothly.
76561197994941871,Not Recommended,325610,19375028,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Phyrax,"The AI is ""special"", the legendary difficulty only means everyone will attack you ignoring any strategic sense. They will abandon their settlements and try to attack you, even if that means they will lose that settlement. Battles are just moshpits and enemies will rush in bottlenecks to be massacred. Also the desync problem in cop multiplayer isn't fixed. Game will just randomly desync you.Trying to play Co-op campaign and heres the result:start game;desync;restart the, game try again;desync;restart the, game try again;desync;restart the, game try again;desync;exit game, uninstall."
76561198008895146,Not Recommended,325610,16715315,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Robert Praetor,Its really a bad game
76561198115065624,Not Recommended,325610,16728432,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,philipotel,"Shogun 2  was the last good game of the series. Rome Total War and its expansions were great, I've played them for years. But Rome2/Atila is ridiculous - two non-optimized and unfinished games and and dozens ot DLC's, and still can't get close to the fiirst Rome total war, much less barbarian invasion expansion. Even the modes does not help. I'm really disappointed. If they release completed and full game, not some beta plus hundreds of DLC's, I will buy it and play. However, Attila's not a bad game - many errors from Rome 2 are corrected. If they make two more full games on this subject, it may reach the level of the first Rome total war."
76561197965031771,Not Recommended,325610,21851275,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Dalei,"♥♥♥♥♥game, don't waste your time on itSega lost their way long ago with total war"
76561198058246902,Recommended,325610,14813803,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,BIG C,"Great Total war game, only thing I don't like is the DLC."
,Recommended,325610,14514459,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Kinetic,"I'm gonna try and review this game the least bias way possible as I am a huge fan of the series. I was playing on Hard and I try not to do reviews until i have at least 15 hours under my belt but I felt the need to do this one early.Pros:-The UI is a nice change, making everything easier to access and in a nice compact area-The unit card changes, This is a personal opinion any way you look at it but I like the more realistic unit cards over the cartoony ones-Dynamic fire is absolutely beautiful. It was a blast to watch trees and buildings get set on fire when archers would rain down upon my enemies-Family trees are finally something i'm interested in using now, and the UI for the family tree is really simple and easy to understand, placing family members in cities makes it so you can issue edicts in those provinces.-The technology tree displays what comes next down the line much like in Rome II but with a nicer design.-General skills/traits is similar to Shogun 2's in which it shows what comes next down the line so you can plan out how you want your badass general to be.-Siege battles are tonnes of fun in Attila, the longer you siege a city the more damage the structures and walls take, making it easier to siege and gives a morale penalty to the defender.-Theres a fantastic new waypoint system that makes it WAY easier to flank without having to worry about babysitting all of your troops at the same time.-The new unit icons, instead of flags they have 'tiles' above the units, I wasn't sure if this was good or bad, it certainly makes it cleaner and more compact, its another thing up for personal opinion I guess.-Generals have much more of an impact in Attila, your general being alive or dead is a huge thing in battles, if your general dies early on it's pretty much GG unless you have deciplined troops.Cons:-Cavalry doesn't seem to charge units that are running away very well. They stop as soon as they hit a unit.-Even though sieges are fun as hell, the AI still doesn't seem to be able to handle it, I almost held off 1500 units with my general and a unit of javlinmen.-Loading times for battles seem to be quite long-I got some freezes at the start of my turn, only lasting about 5-7 seconds though-I was having problems with slowmo in battles, though I rarely use it the units seem to stutter when they run in slowmo-I'm not sure if this is intentional, but when my general is in shield wall, he literally cannot die to arrows, I had 3 units of archers unloading into my general until they ran empty, and he only lost 2 guys, out of 56. If thats intentional I think it should be changed.Bit of Backstory:So far I did a little of the prologue and decided to start my first grand campaign as the Jutes (Might aswell considering they came free with the preorder).In the first 3 hours I only really came up against one small bug, which happend to be during a siege Some of my men got stuck under one of the ladders I setup against the wall. Other then that I haven't come across any game breaking bugs so thank god.In my campaign as the Jutes in the first 10 turns I managed to♥♥♥♥♥♥of the Angles, making them march into my territory and take my only city, because god damn their army was huge. They took it from me and razed the land, which has a FANTASTIC animation by the way. They burned all the land and my city which makes it hard to grow food and restabalize as a faction, which meant I spent the next 20 turns just trying to get my damn public order and food back to the way it was at the start. So yay me :)By the time Attila was born (awesome cinematic when that happens btw), I found myself still stuck in my first city because the Angles had two massive armies sitting outside my city in forify, and i could get troops because no money and all my buildings were gone from the raze earlier. So the AI has improved from Rome II (or maybe im just bad).I eventually got out and started wrecking havoc, because its Total War after all.If theres one thing i have to say about this game its that it can be very challenging at points, especially when noone wants to be your ally and your at war with pretty much all your neighbours (woops)Thats pretty much it, if I played a bit more before writing this I would have a lot more to say but I wanted to get this out there for the people what weren't sure if they should buy it or notTL;DR It's fantastic you should definately pick it up, for $45 its worth it!"
76561197982932040,Recommended,325610,14630001,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Ishkander,Much better than Rome 2
,Recommended,325610,14784091,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Randommer,"Graphically and statically pleasingPositive:Creative Assembly has done a great job with the new title in the Total War series. First of all the graphics in this game is absolutely fantastic; great detail in the terrain, weather graphics has never been better and of course the battle graphics.The gameplay is also fantastic; a great balance between each factions units and their functionality. I often found myself choosing “poor” units instead of just taking “the best of the best”. Also with this new title some of the “older” functionalities from other Total War games has been added such as the family/politics menu. All around the game there have been added more features without making it overwhelming, when you attacked enemies’ cities you now have many actions to choose from. Often I found myself realizing that all of the actions where relevant. Speaking of enemies, the AI have gotten a big upgrade. In Attila the AI is dynamic and almost humanly, the AI changes strats every match even in the middle of the battle. Also factions have their own unique style of war.Ideas and extra thoughts:All though the game is great there are some things that I found a bit odd or disappointing. For example the spies and heroes are now unlocked through physical buildings which is a bit disturbing when you have to remove one of the already important buildings. Another thing which I noticed was that in every campaign the same things happened, and I know that it’s historical but sometimes it would be nice with some dynamics in the campaign. After the first campaign I found myself going to other locations because I knew what maybe would come. But these things I think are a minor complain in comparison to the positive things. So let’s go back to the good stuff.Conclusion:When you combine the beautiful graphics with the great gameplay you end up with one of the best strategy games made. Over all the game is great and I love it. This is a game where you sit down and don’t stop before someone or something stops you from playing it. The Total War felling really shines through and you can almost feel how much effort that have been put into this fantastic title.Go BUY it!!"
76561198017622321,Recommended,325610,14795472,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,im junger,So many settlements destroyed :'(
76561197975548959,Recommended,325610,14799899,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Maximus Murderous,"Massive improvment over Rome 2, my only niggle is you need a powerful PC to play it.  The game is not optimised well at all.  If you have a PC that can play it then I would highly recomend Attila."
76561198058587917,Recommended,325610,14517090,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,TheBeardOfAlbion,"As much as I loved Rome 2, despite it's bugs and the lagging I experience, this is a step up from the former, I know it has been said several times already, but I have encountered no bugs thus far, and the gameplay is much smoother with elements from the older games. Yeah, I love it."
76561198035644732,Recommended,325610,14517318,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,HouseStarkftw,"When I bought Rome 2 pre-order I was very hopefull because of Shogun 2, however like many others my hopes and expectations were dashed on release date. I couldn't even play it first day literally, and even when I could there was some massive bugs/glitches/crashes during game, especially in the real time battles where I faced extraordinary lag if the armies were too big (was not my graphics cards fault).When I originally heard that Rome Atilla was in development and going to be released in early 2015, not only was I surprised because it seemed so soon since Rome 2 total war came out, I was also highly skeptical. I was clearly expecting some serious problems in game, since it just seemed to have been another rushed game for a quick cash grab. And I remember what happened during my Rome 2 TW pre-order, so logically I knew I shouldn't chance buying another pre-order. However I am a firm Total War fanboy, I've played it since the very first. So asking me not to buy Rome Atilla pre-order was like asking a Star Wars geek not to buy the Star Wars original trilogy; it just wasn't going to happen that I not buy Atilla.I get in game, no problems, I select campaign, no problems, I play a real time battle, no problems. A pleasant surprise. The game is really good, although even though its not comparable to Shogun 2 of course, it is a significant improvement from Rome 2. I am currently playing as the Western Roman Empire and as I expected it is difficult. I am being bombarded by massive Viking forces in Britannia, and I am staving off the Alans, the Vandals and the Ostrogoths in the Balkan regions. The AI has improved somewhat I think, they're a bit more agressive on the campaign map, but not that much, and in real game battles, well... they haven't done anything incredibly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ during my first campaign as of yet so that's something, will see if that continues.If I didn't have to go to school (late) I wouldn't stop at 5 hours, I'd probably go for around a 10 hour window, approximately. Possibly more.I gave Rome 2 a 5/10 review because even when the dev's patched the game it was still meh but I can proudly give Atilla Total war an 8/10."
,Recommended,325610,14688278,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Towns999,Attila is a great addition to the TW franchise. If you're a fan of the series or just the rts/tbs genre this is definitely one to pick up!
76561198081605510,Recommended,325610,14768289,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Dcero,one of the building descriptions quotes shrek.
76561198112766299,Recommended,325610,14819278,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,footsoljer,"Much better game than rome 2 IMO. This is what rome 2 should have been. Family trees are back YAY! Although i do have an issue with the buisness model, like in rome 2.Paying $44.99 for a game then an additional $15.98 to be able to play extra factions THAT SHOULD ALLREADY BE IN THE ♥♥♥♥ING BASE GAME! What makes it even worse is that one of the two $7.99 dlc culture packs was available ON THE FIRST DAY ATTILA CAME OUT! Paying $50 for an incomplete game, then having to pay an additional $16 for 6 more playable factions that are basicly all the ♥♥♥♥ing same, just with different starting locations and a couple units with different names that they call supposed unique units. There is probobly going to be more $8 dlc culture packs and that is going to add up to alot of money. Im tired of getting my money milked from my teets so i can play a complete game. I swear to satan, if i have to pay $2.99 to have gore appear in my game like in rome 2....i dont know anymore...why CA/SEGA why!!! :(    Other than that, a huge step up frome rome 2 IMO."
76561198073828738,Recommended,325610,14823724,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Sash,"What i see alot in these reviews, are people giving bad reviews of this game because previous games were bad.This is just plain unfair, sure the culture packs should already in the game but they are an improvement over rome's culture packs. As these packs have unique units to only factions  from that culture and within that a unique unit or two to each faction.The game has quite a good fps again a vast improvement over rome, also i have not yet experienced any crashesThe campaign map is much more detailed and easier to navigateThe A.I can be a bit quirky at times however it is much more stable than rome'sone cool feature i really liked is to be able to migrate with any barbarian factionSo here are is my score 8.9/10"
76561198037035725,Recommended,325610,14852720,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Hokota,"While Shogun 2 remains the most well polished and fun of the series in my opinion, Attila is a vast improvement over the poorly done Rome II. It brings back a lot of features from the origional Rome and Medieval II along with improved talant trees, deplomacy and Family/Politics. Attila also adds new fun featrues like the ability to completly destory cities or the ability to become a roaming horde.  If you are a die hard fan of the series I recomend this game.  BTW CA NEEDS TO STOP THIS RELEASE DAY DLC♥♥♥♥♥♥! ALL THE CONTENT SHOULD BE ALREADY IN THE GAME AT THE TIME OF LAUNCH!!"
76561198150437320,Recommended,325610,14816949,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Pajeg,"Very good, new mechanics and an overall improvement to Rome Total war 2. I highly Recommend it"
76561198057812941,Recommended,325610,14855690,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Th3_Hunt3r,"The game is pretty awesome.However there are some things that are pretty different from rome 2:Cavalry charges can get 60 kills in 2 seconds.Units stats are pretty complex now,  unit quality can't be measured by their melee attack anymore.Unit upkeep is very high.Towers and missile units are more powerful.The campaign is a lot harder than any other TW i've played.Politics are more complicated.And finally i think the campaign is a little bit... empty, the romans ocuppy like half of the map and the Sassanids hold like 1/4 of it, so most of the time you'll be fighting Romans or small factions, so it won't have that sensation from Rome 2 of a rivals empires. Furthermore, i don't know anybody very interested in the Germanic tribes, so (except from the norse) there are no very ""charismatic"" factions on the game, like Sparta, Carthage, Republican Rome, and Egypt were in Rome.But the Game is very polished, very beautiful, battles are awesome and I'm sure campaign dlcs are coming so the game is worth buying."
76561198007553927,Recommended,325610,14767419,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,homer210,is a good game
76561198089214131,Recommended,325610,14796223,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Sgt.Erikurado,It's good yo!
,Recommended,325610,14822139,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,lyonsnightshade,"I've been a fan of the Total War Series since the first Medieval Total War, and, although I somewhat enjoyed the more recent titles, I never really had much fun that I did with the earlier titles - until now!This is a very good improvement over Rome Total War 2, which in itself is already good. But this puts in a whole lot more in a more interesting time period.I can't wait for an expansion or game that would focus on the time of Charlemagne and the Viking raids (like the Charlemagne and Old Gods expansions of Crusader Kings 2)."
,Recommended,325610,14829625,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,nickolia,They have greatly imporved the RTS battle over the mosh pits of ROME 2. I now love and hate cavalry as they are the rulers of the battlefield. There are still some improvements to be made. I like the selectable traits over cards but the new family tree can get confusing fast. I have a Sassanid campaign and I have so many in my family tree the branches overlap and have to oddly scroll to find various generals and statesman. Little complaints like this will probably pop up for anyone playing but hopefully they are patched out or mods will come that change some of these aspects.
,Recommended,325610,14767083,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Alexsynn,My favourite total war since medieval 2; it's been a long time since i've felt a general has had a story of his own through my campaign. Strongly recommend.
,Recommended,325610,14817794,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Hri,"Great game, great mechanics with some issues that need to be ironed out which is expected in every game, a real  successor in the total war series.DlC's are good theres nothing wrong with them with the exception of unit variations but alas all the problems can be fixed with Radious Total War Mod which i highly reccomend.All in all a very good game to come out which was needed as the games industry is becoming a barren wasteland full of utterly crap games and unreleased titles.10/10"
76561198127047630,Recommended,325610,14798996,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,nfgraff,"MAC OS X Yosemite V 10.10.22.4GHz Intel Core 2 Duo Processer2 GB 1067 Mhz DDR3NVIDIA GeForce 320M 256 MB GraphicsCouldn't be more disappointed. First crack at a Total War game. Normally went with the Civ series. Game downloaded in an hour last night, March 7th. Loaded perfectly to main menu. Clicked ""Start Prologue"" and the load began. The load bar reaches it's end, I begin hearing environmental sounds like the game should be starting, but display stays on the loading screen. I normally let this sit for 30 minutes before giving up. I've restarted my computer, re-downloaded the game and searched online for solutions. I have found none. My disappointment comes from the $44 spent with no value delivered. I look forward to a solution. Thanks.^Look at what a dummy I was"
76561198032087279,Recommended,325610,18043278,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,cheesehead,Is attila a good total war game? yes in my opinion a turn based campaign map and in game battles is the way i love my strategy.however i understand the anger from the absolute dlc whoring buy in a sale
76561197962763576,Not Recommended,325610,19398612,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Malaysianshrew,Too much DLC without which everyone seems to have the same units.The Huns themselves are a weird mechanic in that they keep spawning new armies after you kill them so it is almost better to weaken their armies. The declining food mechanic doesn't make much sense either. Mods probably fix most of this.
76561198080370908,Recommended,325610,14513148,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Father_Hackett,Really Enjoyable! Breath of fresh air from the time period in Rome 2 and looks and runs beautifully!
76561198035377986,Recommended,325610,14516563,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Lord Redbeard,Destroyed a whole village and ate their moldy bread and mutton.8/10 Would loot and pillage again.
,Recommended,325610,14522865,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,misterxbadazz,"from my time playing as over 5 factions, i realized this game is really HARD!!! even on normal difficulty, the AI feels greatly improved as far as the land battles go. there are only a few bugs in this, but nothing game changer. like you tell a unit to attack another unit and they dont move for some reason. but CA and SEGA have done a wonderful job clearing bugs out and polishing the game, this game easily deserves an 8.5/10 for its immersive feel, ive played over 60 turns and still enjoy the game, theres always something to do, and theres always a chalenge."
,Recommended,325610,29163468,Posted: 10 January,all,Scipio Africanvs,"The game is very good. As a total war fan from the Rome 1 days, I very much enjoy Attila. It is not as good as Rome 2 in my opinion (probably biased because I love the classical antiquity period).Pros:- More difficult than previous Total War, offers good challenge- Good UI- Good Politics system, better than Rome 2Cons:The game is very badly optimized and even if you have the most powerful rig of 2016, you will play at an average of 30 fps on extreme in larger battles. I have i7 6700HQ, GTX 1060 6GB, 16GB RAM and I was forced to play the game one stage down from the extreme settings because I couldn stand the low fps. Now I run it just under extreme (but with full unit size) in the more tolerable >30 fps range most of the time with some rare drops to under 20 fps if I zoom in on very crowded battles.I picked the game and all it's DLC on a sale for about 30€ and I recommend you to do the same, although it is worth the 120€ if you cant wait as It delivers many hours of entertainment."
76561198082143437,Recommended,325610,15097986,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,George Ichimura,"I've been a total war fan since the first game, shogun, and Attila is quite good, but to be honest, my favourite still remains Rome Total War.Also, to CA, what's up with the silly culture packs? Pay more than the game costs just to get the dlcs? Shame on you."
76561197987514158,Recommended,325610,21794538,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,El Predicador,"Attila, Total Crash...I came home after a hard's day work and saw the offer on Steam...I purchased the game and several DLC's. I had a quick dinner while the downloading was in progress and enjoyed the anticipation of some Total war Gaming after it...so finally, I sit down on the computer and..I was unable to even launch it....Two downloads, several checks for integrity, couple of hours of internet surfing for a solution.....After all this, I asked for a reimburshement...12/10Will be scammed and have my night ruined again."
76561198091103208,Recommended,325610,23125154,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,1B-15-FirelFox,"""JUST TO ADD IF YOU ANT GOT EXTRA MONEY TO SPEND THIS ANT THE GAME FOR YOU."" As DLC's Will Come with  more n more content which you can pay for or be stuck playing the  soggy version of the game feeling left out.Ok lets me make this as simple as Rain For Everone n new people coming in to total war games.Pros:*Good Detail*ook AI*They stay with in the time zone.*It dont lag unless you got a  cruddy  computerGood  game overall as long as you dont mind puting some money down which is listed on the bottom-------------Cons:Your Mainly Gonna Be Paying For DLC'sSo Small DLC's Are7.99 which comes to 8.00 US DollarsThen the ones with a few factions,campaion are about14.99=15.00 US dollars in which there are tons of thoses etcThey state they give FREE DLC's But put this in plain words YOUR PAYING FOR BLOOD EFFECTS =TEXTURESSo your gonna  end up paying for the Game it self,The Added content which should already go with the game"
76561198075082653,Recommended,325610,23190776,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,robo.parks,This game is good . Vanllllia version is totaly un-balanced. I had to get a MOD to Play out the Campain. I even Modded it Myself for more Historical Aaccurcy one wepons and wepon types and Damge. What makes the Vallina version so bad is that the Devs didnt balance the game play before launch. They left up to us modders to do it for them. Other than that it is good game. The new system is awsome but it must be balnced in order for Satisfying Game play. If you Buy check out the Overhual Mods for game.the Only down Side I would say is for CA to optimize . For more than 2-core processing I have a Quad and it only makes use of the first 2 cores.
,Recommended,325610,15767870,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,M31_Andromeda,"I'm the leader of a Visigothic horde razing and destroying anything that gets in my path. I burn villages and massive cites to the ground, I kill every captive after I defeat an army. I've been terrorizing the Eastern and Western Roman Empire for years now, and they still can't stop me. But none of my people care what I do because food surplus."
,Recommended,325610,28923383,Posted: 1 January,all,jgbspqr,"Cool! Always wanted to play the Total War games. They are as good as they look. Cool mix of turn based and real time strategy war from all eras. This one, Attila the Hun, pretty interesting era of time to cover!"
76561198093906436,Recommended,325610,19566524,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,jetfin2,"This game is amazing! As a total war fan for 8 years, I may agree that work is need to be done but, there are amazing things about this game people rage about because the political system is impossible. To answer to that I say, you idiots. If you want it easy than go play my little pony the video game with you little sister. If you don't realize this was the beginning of the dark ages. This was the period when everyone thought the world would end in fire and famin and disease. People fighting over slices of bread, revolutions, the crumbling of empires! If you think politics are going to be easy in this time period than your missing a few screws in your head. For example I am the Geats in my game. So far I done pritty well on it. When I want peace or trade agrement, I give gifts and my daughters  for arrange marriage for peace, or I attack their enemies that are weak. Than I sweeten the deal with a trade agreement, wait a few turn till we are friends, than boom we are allies. So DONT SAY IT HARD UNLESS YOU KNOW WHAT WAS GOING ON THAT TIME PERIOD AND KNOW HOW THEY FELT ABOUT OTHERE COUNTRIES IN REAL LIFE!!"
76561197971692751,Recommended,325610,16750093,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Delle(DK),"I think the game is really good compared to rome 2 that never really where my cup of tea.In general the world map is the same, but the addition of being able to have a family tree and marry your sons and doughters away for political reasons are kind of nice.I also like the other features such as your ""king"" and other important people in any faction have a crown above their head. I use this information to know who is leading an enemy army and find it tactial nice to being able to kill the general and know that now the enemy lost an important noble/king. Also each nobel/king in the game now have a more advanced skill tree where you can give them various bonuses. And you can even assign your nobels to be the ruler of your city or assign him to an important office so that he can vouch for your when someone try to become more populare and political more powerfull than your self.. If everything goes wrong you even have the option to assasinate someone.In general I do not really understand all the hate there is against Attila since it is a nice good and beautifull game in the totalt ware gender.However the DLC grinding is not my cup of tea... why should we pay example 7 euro to see blood on the battlefield, it is simply stupid, such things should be in the game as standard."
76561198090343975,Recommended,325610,23084658,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Dusty,I love it.
76561198087572985,Recommended,325610,23086598,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,poianavs,Recommend.I liked the complexity.
,Not Recommended,325610,27658017,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,jon_self80,"I can't even play the game it does nothing but crash. over and over. What a big waist of money, because you know big oh steam is gonna find a way to blame my pc for it crashing."
76561198125565037,Not Recommended,325610,16130018,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,BinJudaid,FIX THE ♥♥♥♥ING CLOUD SAVE DATAIT DOESNT SHOW IN THE LOAD LOG
76561198038124530,Recommended,325610,22833515,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,egger004,"Excellent strategy game with wonderful visuals. The Legendary campaign for the West Romans is really intense, frustrating and rewarding. Gotta keep your head about you. Rome will rise again!"
,Not Recommended,325610,23470037,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Epsilon,Developers do not care anymore. Most of these hours played are spent on multiplayer campaigns that ended unresolved due to desyncs and crashes.3/10
,Not Recommended,325610,28227077,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,ChatterBlock,"Really just not a good game altogether. I would highly recommend the older Total War games like Empire, Napoleon, or Shogun and I have played hundreds of hours on them, but this game, along with Rome II, is just bad. The problem is really with the inbalance in playable nations. The East and West Roman Empires along with the Sassanids are massive, and it's practically impossible to keep most of the territory you start off with, much less gain any. The ""Great Migrators"" are incredibly hard to play as, because your two fledgling armies are usually wiped out before you can establish yourself. The huns are just as bad, as it's difficult to expand your numbers very much while conquering territories, and in the end the Romans have 10x the amount of troops you do. In the other, smaller nations, you may have short campaigns, conquering a couple territories, but you will then have nowhere left to expand besides the behemoth Roman or Sassanid Empires. There are also a lot of other things I dislike about the game, like the useless pikemen, the DLC after paying $60, and how incredibly over-powered some units are, but the main thing is the time period and the available scenarios. This game is simply not worth your money, although you still want to buy Empire, Napoleon, or Shogun if you haven't already."
76561198093646323,Recommended,325610,23280576,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,MishaMaus,"Solid TW game,but heavily underrated."
76561198020469084,Not Recommended,325610,28122226,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,L. Turowiesky ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),4/10 Worst apocalypse simulator 395 AD.
,Recommended,325610,14519609,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Hillomunkki,"So far, I've enjoyed the game a lot. The AI does from time to time make stupid moves. Which is a good thing, since players are bound to make some mistakes during the game as well.There are some performance issues, but so far I haven't encountered any issue that would've turned the game unplayable. There is room to improvement with this game, but same applies to other games as well.The only thing that I can't justify is the day-one DLC Viking Forefathers. Now I don't mind a game having DLCs and the Viking Forefathers is fine by me. What I don't like are day-one DLCs.There's nothing that can be done about this game, but I wish they wouldn't do this in the future.After all that's said and done, I would recommend this game for those, who like this type of games.UPDATE: I have come across an issue with the grand campaign. End turn phaze sometimes freezes the game for a good 15 seconds after it has gone through the AI movements. It also seems to like to crash during the end phaze from time to time. Still would recommend the game, but I recommend waiting for a few patches."
76561197984318140,Recommended,325610,18118066,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Draketen,I liked it at launch and I like it now. 75/100
76561197973111276,Recommended,325610,14519578,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,purgatoryfire,"Brilliant. A massive improvement on Rome II. A great level of immersion too.Good work, CA!"
,Recommended,325610,29919902,Posted: 14 February,all,Aaydin,"I love Total War Series and this game is great too also as a Turk it makes me proud to play with the Huns. This game has more details and it is harder to control about economy, armies than other Total War Games. :) It would be much better if we could play with any faction we want."
,Recommended,325610,14546513,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,StankGangsta,MY CTAS NAME IS WHISKERS
76561198002955027,Not Recommended,325610,19694611,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,marsan,"Please excuse my first review..But i felt i should share my experience.The game stops working and quits with the steam error code 41. I figured i was not the only one having this issue and i followed all the reasonable possible solutions recommended online (drivers updates, going steam offline, antivirus limitations, etc.)  but NO HELP.It stops working every single time at exactly turn 74. I do not have any idea if its CA's or steams responsibility to help customers solve such an issue, but it is such a shame there is NO official help guideline! and i feel stupid spending my money to keep doing online search ""to GET what i PAID for.""I am also pretty sure chances are more to hit the lottery when it comes to asking for a refund.."
76561198096320273,Recommended,325610,14519467,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Amos Brierley,So far so good. better than Rome 2 in nearly every way.but need to be optimized 7/10 / Turn times take ages
76561198028512146,Recommended,325610,14518614,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Jamiee5300,"I was sceptical at first given how Rome II launched and how similar Attila looked but after playing... It's so much better! It really is what Rome should have been, there is so much more depth here and just off the top of my head..-More options when capturing a settlement, Sack and leave, Sack and occupy, Raze (as in wipe from the map!)-FAR better politics system that is very interesting and ties in nicely with the family trees. Here you must balance your control over the noble elite and your factions people.-A number of improvements to the battle and campaign UI to make fighting and running the show very informative.I'm still only just over an hour in and i'm sure this is only the tip of iceberg, I can't wait explore the rest of the game!"
,Recommended,325610,14520700,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,bunnyhunt,"Although I was skeptical at first, this is definately a big improvement over Rome 2. Siege Battles are fun as♥♥♥♥♥♥on the new maps like Constantinople."
,Recommended,325610,14520743,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Lionbileti,"9/10 Would PlayThis Game is an amazing compared to Rome II Total War's Release. This by far the game that shows Creative Assembly is listening to the player's requests! This game brought my favorite era, The Dark Ages, The light of Rome is fading, I played as small campaign of The Saxons, and it was fun! But They did leave out some major factors like the Celtic kingdoms, because they scream viking when you think of the Dark Ages. But the battles are amazing. I recommend, you buy this game."
76561198006708516,Recommended,325610,14519606,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Asgeir,"Early impression of the game is good, tried a few battles and the campaign for a bit. Haven't yet found any bugs, but the performance can take a hit during siege battles if a large part of the town is on fire. Would recommend."
76561197988260089,Recommended,325610,14520802,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,X i,"The most immersive experience I've had in a Total War game to date. Before, depending on my mood I would say Shogun 2, or Med 2 for immersion.Attila now trumps both. Look forward to future releases! Although with CA it seems every OTHER game seems to be the true gem. Well this one is the gem."
76561198008776097,Recommended,325610,14519422,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Baron,"It's fun, but needs some work still.  I expected there to be bugs and there are. It will crash radomally when completing the 'end turn'. I started playing as the Jutes and it seems to take a LONG time to be able to have anything resembling an army. Once you have one, unlocking the unit upgrades quadrouples the price so you can't afford to keep more than a few standing armies. Plague... really annoying and won't go away. Once Radious and the other modders out there get to work it will be a fun game."
76561198021291428,Not Recommended,325610,19659148,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Ragnar,"Hello... I bought this game, Don't buy it. Because I was on a campaign and not even half of it and it crashes and I needed to close it. So this game is just waste of money."
76561198147747604,Not Recommended,325610,19664601,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Darth_Narhwale,"I have not been able to play this game due to constant crashes. Having searched the interwebs I have found out that most 2015 macbook pro users are having the same issue, therefore I would strongly urge you not to buy this game if you are suing this platform until such time as this issue is fixed."
76561198043111392,Recommended,325610,14526028,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,PapaGiuseppe,The game Rome II should have always been! Plus you will have more illegitimate children then you could ever have hoped for!
,Recommended,325610,23943437,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Chang739,"The best total war game so far, the culmative improvements across all games make for an excellent experience. Of note is the improvements to the UI, the battle AI (They vary their tactics and flank/feint rather than just walk at you as in previous games. Stressful and challenging to counter), the campaign AI (A nice mix of reasonable diplomacy and raiding nutters that have no interest in peace) and improvements to co-op gameplay (The only way I play, the line drawing definitely helps with planning out battles). These improvements cannot be overstated, they really make the game come alive and challenge you.The main con is CAs use of DLC packs to sell you half of the races from the game, a cash-sucking strategy I would expect from the theives at EA rather than this sage company. While I don't agree with the strategy, it doesn't affect the base game as harshly as you would expect - the existing races in the base game are all unique and interesting to play and you could happily play without any of the DLCs.The only exception I make is the Age of Charlemagne campaign (which I have yet to play) but I was tempted because I think that this DLC is a precursor to a Medeval III game which I really hope is the case. Please make this CA!Overall, thankyou for a great game, but please rethink your marketing strategy."
,Recommended,325610,15102785,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,TheMenRWavering,this game is awesome buy it now!!!!!!!
76561198083976205,Recommended,325610,15160575,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Half&Half,Yes
76561198179775733,Recommended,325610,15162731,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Brandon Michaels,yes attila has alot of performance issues and is way to hard to ryn and yes it is not there as a game yes we all know that but people ca will fix it they always have they are the leading company in strategy games by far no game relaease with any compant is perfect they will sort it out i cant wait to play attila i bought it just to many issues i will give it time
76561198054767124,Recommended,325610,15160492,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,WeirdLavaLamp,It has good features but its only about surving not building a empire as much as other Total War games
,Recommended,325610,15175538,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Androu,"An incredible advance since Total War Rome II with a much better release. The graphics are awesome, the political mechanics are much better and the factions have different playing styles compared to those we are used to. All of these makes the whole experience something new, exciting and addictive! My only complaints are to the fact that it doesn't have a steam workshop support yet, the turns take more than they should to pass and there are many things in the dlcs that should be in the original game. Quit being so greedy, Sega! Sonic golden days are over and so will be the money in my pockets for you some day!"
,Recommended,325610,15098650,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Caesar,"Better than Rome 2 mechanics wise although I believe the setting of Rome 2 makes it more fun for me. Western Rome Campaign is very good. So I suggest you get your♥♥♥♥♥in the imperial seats of Mediolanum or Constantinople AND send every single barbarian back to hell AND REMOVE THE CANCEROUS TUMOR! OF CHRISTIANITY AND WITH THE MEMORY OF AUGUSTUS IN YOUR HEART, RESTORE THE PAX ♥♥♥♥IN ROMANA!"
76561198009377268,Recommended,325610,15172314,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Trust in Lorax,Goats. You might think hey i need fields or hey i need cows.But no goats all the goats.Also i do prefer the this is what your building looks like that they brought back as opposed to those random clay things tehy had in Rome 2. And if you ever played barbarian invasion this is basically that but with the graphics much better looking. More intresting things to do as a horde. And an annoying political thing which I hate. Unit roster wise they are all savages of course their units are going to look the same.
,Recommended,325610,14522449,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Tylerray19701(Dead),Well I was disappointed that they did not release it at 12:00 Am last night but it has proven to be quite a good game. I really hope they add this game to the workshop!
,Recommended,325610,15066093,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,TheUltramarine,"I do find this game really enjoyable. They have fixed alot of issues i had with rome 2 and made them better then descent. they deliver a game with some new content compared to Rome 2 and they upgrade just about everything. (some things more then others.) the only thing that makes me a little sad is all this DLC crap. to be honest i have bought the DLC's so there are alot of people that will hate on that because i then support them in it, but i can still say it dissepoints me.Sega please dont push CA into realising all these DLC's because it ruins the fanbase.I give this game a thumbs up because i like the general game, when reviewing a game i dont think you should give a disslike because of content you don't have to buy, but review as the game in itself. CA you deliver the goods, and the recent uppdate makes it very enjoyable. but rethink your viewpoints on the DLC's."
,Recommended,325610,14602207,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Strider,"Awesome game, never done a review before so buy this game ;)"
76561198026962019,Recommended,325610,19636295,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Jazzu,"I'll keep this short for those interested:This game got bad reception for the day one DLC, as it should. CA and Sega should be ashamed of themselves for just ripping out the factions in the game and making you pay extra. They are doing the same with Total War: Warhammer, and thankfully fans are letting them hear it.However in terms of actual gameplay, do not be fooled by the mixed reviews. The game is easily what Rome 2 should have been. It is mechanically better, adds in new features such as horde and burning towns, and captures the dying light of Rome perfectly well in this game.If you're looking for a ton of content, better mechanics than Rome 2, and some solid DLC that's not day 1 stuff, then this is for you."
76561198066566190,Recommended,325610,25588842,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Mr Swanky BLUM,Sick as ♥♥♥♥
76561198030242709,Not Recommended,325610,14760843,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,c_earle87,"It's like Sega and CA had their employees write the first 1,500 reviews.  Weird that they are all positive and the rest.....welll........................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\.Stop spoon feeding me♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197995251381,Not Recommended,325610,16785759,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Derp,buy shogun 2 instead
76561198242238886,Recommended,325610,20902667,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,noahhiggins13,mk cmd
76561198030727571,Not Recommended,325610,16787607,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Gman,"This is probably the most pathetic version of Total War ever released.  It is boring, redundant, and completely obtuse.  The map is too large, the system requirements too great, and the content too subpar.  I am a Total War fan, big-time, but there has not been a good addition to the franchise since Shogun II.  Everyone who bought Rome II or Attila should get their money back.  Having logged over 3000 Total War hours, I'm speaking from experience.  Stay away from Attila and Rome II.  Complete waste of time, money, and energy.  Even some of the developers will tell you this, off the record."
,Recommended,325610,21557332,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,harr1s0n,"I am an offspring of Attila the hun, I am not impressed."
76561198027942102,Recommended,325610,22003609,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,erianngobraugh,"It is wash rinse repeat from all the other Total War Titles, but like all the other Titles I am Addicted!!!! Love the time period with AoC a forgotten time period and overlooked to say the least."
76561198070635020,Recommended,325610,21281834,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Roadman Shaq,The Franks are♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198061462576,Recommended,325610,15073841,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,兰桂坊，真是好地方啊.......,this is a great game ii love it very much
76561198040687769,Recommended,325610,32830390,Posted: 26 June,all,Ðraco Sþiøn,"I hear CA is thinking about making this game into an anime.This is a first for me, normally i can choose a waifu easily.Every soldier model is soo good i can't choose a waifu.Can't wait for crunchyroll to pick this series up. Its going be an instant classic!"
76561198114125112,Recommended,325610,32776759,Posted: 25 June,all,Sir_Garith,"Ok, this game is very similar to ROME II, but with the sack, research trees, and new units,Also, the gameplay strategies are more complex, and challenging to ensure you want to keep going.My only complaint is the culture changing, it takes FOREVER!9/10"
76561198067401920,Recommended,325610,29852759,Posted: 11 February,all,Wofat18,"Buy it.But download mods, because vanilla screws up so many campaign mechanics.Recommend Radius Mod.9.5/10 would pillage again."
76561198007476173,Not Recommended,325610,19466987,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,IROLAtheBEAST,do not buy this game for mac. you cannot even start the campaigns on it
,Not Recommended,325610,19509406,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Meat Confetti,"Do you like games that crash whenever you complete the campaign?Do you like games where the tech support forum doesn't let you upload the saves they require you to upload?Do you like games where you are told repeatedly that a bug will be fixed but several patches later it's still not fixed?If you answered yes to all the above this game is for you. Otherwise, steer clear."
76561197993385404,Not Recommended,325610,21982511,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Archangel of the Apocolypse,sad to say that I WOULD NOT recommend this game.  No matter how you play it you will always lose within a certain timeframe.  Myself I prefer a level playing field with maybe a SLIGHT chance of winning however there is no chance so I will not be buying anymore games from this game manufacturer
76561198017206777,Not Recommended,325610,21779925,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Cobalt,I just can't seem to have fun with this version of Total war.
76561198060760851,Not Recommended,325610,21914855,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,NjohnsonE,"really annoying unrest, and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ political faction mechanic means for a boring and tedious screw around. buy something else it'll be money better spent."
76561198010671162,Not Recommended,325610,18265889,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,gallidc,"I am a huge fan of the Total War Franchise and I own every single game. Perhaps that is why I rushed to buy this one. There realy is nothing wrong with this one but at the same time there is nothing realy great. Its a glorified expansion of Rome 2. It makes a few changes but at its core its the same game, which unfortunatly makes it kind of boring; often I find my self playing rome 2 more than I do this one."
76561198007851312,Not Recommended,325610,18921960,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,scotty9home,Only get this game if it is atleast 50% off. to many DLC nations. The family is just weird to deal with. The tech trees are also kinda of crappy.
76561197986629379,Not Recommended,325610,19604184,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Vali,Nom nom... I am Total war.. I eat $ with my dlc teeth..
76561198007713625,Not Recommended,325610,20115709,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,stackero,"Better than Rome 2, but that's not saying much.  CA no longer builds Total War games. Attila and Rome 2 proves it. That's not my opinion, that's a fact. You may like CA's new ""inovation"" in game design, but it's has not the blood of Total War past."
76561198074076163,Not Recommended,325610,21809238,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,reecemiller1988,"Well i got the new slav pack and the religious, wonder and zadruga building doesn't show anything on them and for the barbarians spearmans and spearmasters also have only one unit in there settlement. This is a good game but these errors needs to change."
76561198136067912,Not Recommended,325610,21989813,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,the_1hunter,"in general its a good game, got good story, but it is very bad optimized i mean, people with high end system are having trouble runing this game, its really unoptimized, and CA is not doing much trying to fix this problem, even on vert low settins the game runs bad. unlease you got a pc from out of space i dont recomnend buying this game."
76561198006597099,Not Recommended,325610,14939378,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,alex.shelton,"If you like people sucking the money dry from your wallets like the greedy company this is, then go ahead and buy this game. The DLCs have gotten way out of control. 3 in a month. Never buying a DLC again. Buy this game if you like playing with 50% of the game."
76561198091188940,Not Recommended,325610,18925567,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Sir Memesalot,"this game sucks... it doesnt work on mac and gets stuck on loading screen, i want a refund"
,Not Recommended,325610,19446957,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Admiral Hentai Siscon,"""Defeat in 2 turns total war"""
76561198128735157,Not Recommended,325610,20020760,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,dpatinovieito,Pathetic Mac port.
,Not Recommended,325610,20021155,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Humly [Syl],Total war: Rome II was better and the new DLC (age of charlemagne) is boring af
76561198018043526,Not Recommended,325610,21579628,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Bonnie Blue,"The game mechanics is far worse than Shogun 2 and Rome 2.I've played 30h, but I went back to Shogun 2.Dont buy, their other games are way better."
76561198020431226,Recommended,325610,22021322,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,MERQUIS,With some dlc and mods you can make this almost as good as ME2...kindapros:with aoc dlc and vikings mod = funmods....mods everywhere....cons:DLC...DLC everywhere...
,Recommended,325610,22022783,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,mustangbryan,Much more challenging than Rome TW2
,Not Recommended,325610,22029055,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,ManchuFox,"I really want to like this. I keep going back to it and trying again and again. Alas, it fails on almost every level for me. I'll keep this brief, but the army system introduced in Rome II is the worst feature, it forces you to fight on the field almost every time, almost removes smaller skirmishes and culminates in a giant force gangbang as you end up fighting one definitive battle in a war between at least two of your armies, one of the enemie's armies alongside their garrison and fleet. I like to think that I simply haven't figured it out yet and that it can be very rewarding but the ability to move troops around freely and fight smaller, less intensive battles allows for greater strategy and more engaging wars. The less said about the dodgy city layout and the seemingly random food and income mechanics the better. It is in no way a bad game, but as a veteran TW player, I find it boring, repetitive and a chore."
,Not Recommended,325610,22580099,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,matthewayne,Tried every possible fix but not able to play any Total War game on windows 10.
76561198283552148,Recommended,325610,24148917,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Alchemistscoil,I like total War
76561198102229308,Recommended,325610,24317191,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Echkeleon,"It's a great game, certain drawbacks, but the atmosphere, the mechanics (while not perfect) are far better than anything else total war has to offer. In my eyes this is one of (if not) the best total war game released so far. The highly atmospheric battles, and the engaging campaing.As for the dlc, well personally i found purchasing a faction pack does add on to the game significantly maybe it's not for everybody, and whether paying 7.5 euros for 3 factions is worth it is highly debatable, nonetheless i enjoyed both the dlc i purchased and the game itself. This game is definately one of my better purchases."
,Not Recommended,325610,17712602,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Aurane,"I somehow ended up seeing a video of Rome: Total War (The First One) and went out to buy it immediately. After playing Rome for a few days, I went out and got Medieval 2. This was years and years ago. I didn't believe someone had actually made a game where you fight the battles on that scale, and have the campaign map.I played them A LOT. Multiplayer, LAN, we even did a really long coop campaign on Medieval 2 using e-mails.I played them so much, that I pretty much had a complete list of all the problems with the games, but I didn't really care then since it was new to me, and it was epic.The problem is, that the newer games have fixed some of the issues that I had with the older games (slow animations, larger sphere of influence of the armies, some other minor bugs etc.), but then at the same time the serie has just simply gotten worse and worse. It's like they took everything that was really good about this series, threw it out, whilst fixing some of the pre-mentioned pissues, which leaves me in a situation where I don't want to go back to any of the older games in the series, since the new ones have fixed the little things, but on every other aspect they've gotten it wrong. The only exception to this might be Rome I, but I don't even see that happening."
76561198059290700,Not Recommended,325610,20777982,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,tk94cookiechip,this game is pur garabage they still cannot fix basic♥♥♥♥♥♥in these total war games
,Not Recommended,325610,20778114,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,SenditToThePool,So far from the original TW games.
76561198101635881,Recommended,325610,20160335,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,reindog102,so much funstep 1: get 8 pike units a general and 2 spear unitsstep 2: set the enemy army to all cavalrystep 3: make a square formation with your troops with general and spears in the middlestep 4: wait until a large group of cav is engaged against the pikesstep 5: rush the spears instep 6: win the battlestep 7: look at the spear units' killsstep 8: laugh
76561198026208550,Recommended,325610,20160714,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Tyboar,"Waited until it was $30 to get it and all race packs.  Unplayable, unbuyable, unbelievable until the sale makes it reasonable.Please don't encourage this company to sell their games in pieces.  Wait for sales to put the games at prices they should have put it at to begin with.Honestly, I would preorder Total War: Warhammer today for $70 if I was guaranteed to get every single component of the game as it was released.  Instead I will wait till it is debugged and dropped to a reasonable price."
76561198022392186,Recommended,325610,20161824,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Gumiho,"Total War: Attila is the continuity of Rome 2, it have the same mecanics but build upon the previous game. Thus it can be consider as the better version of Rome 2. Caution though since it is not the same era, the game cannot please everybody. In my opinion it is pretty nice since it is one of the most complete total war ever made with great roster and various factions to play with the return of the family tree. The only annoying aspect of the game is the climate change that force the player to always build more and more farm otherwise the nation would get nuts. I will recommand it to all strategy game fans."
76561198019582054,Recommended,325610,19623637,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,[89thRG] Cake! :D [26thNC_GMG],Fixed many issues.
,Recommended,325610,21156614,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,GRIZZ,10/10 would total war again
,Recommended,325610,21339990,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Noragrad,This is a really good entry in the total war franchise get this instead of rome 2
,Not Recommended,325610,21259462,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Pharaoh,poorly optimized copy  pasted rome 2 voices similar mechanics family  tree makes a  return thoughbut generals oh the generals again same as rome 2 you click spawn and boom you have your self a generalsigh could of been so much better
76561198071674647,Recommended,325610,23976200,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,slugmanofalcatraz,First total war game so I can't speak for the previous games but I love this one
,Recommended,325610,23696815,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,A Wild Screblord,"They finally got a Total War Game right.Everything is back to as detailed and intricate as it was in the older games. Nothing is streamlined.The hording factions are tough and a really good challenge, finally adding some fresh new ideas to the same formula.More options given after a battle for a settlement is a small but very welcome improvement. It is really handy to destroy a settlement to desolate the area when you currently cannot afford to give up the men from your armies or even actually handle the possibility of rebellions. Wiping it off the map is a good way to also create buffer zones between your empire and another - growing your empire too much too fast is a death sentance.The break outs of civil wars are really cool and can be devestating to your empire.Diplomacy works a bit better now, the AI seems more reasonable and wont declare war on you because they just feel like it.The battle map and in battle AI is pretty  good."
,Recommended,325610,23054874,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Keebs,Very good game. Good mix of a real time and turn based strategy game. Enjoyable for everyone even just the base game. A lot of good mods. Only downside are that character models are plain. Recommend installing all mods by Radious and get the Agrez reskin mods.
76561198068212119,Recommended,325610,22710981,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Renegade,Its not Rome 2.. So its got that going for it.
76561198082235308,Not Recommended,325610,29707759,Posted: 4 February,all,TunaFish,The multiplayer does NOT WORK unless you download some sketchy third party software that I personally don't trust and will not be downloading. The only reason I bought this game was to play with friends and now that I am aware this is not possible I am a very angry person. Also there is no support ANYWHERE online for this game. I have been looking for months for muliplayer help and have come across nothing!DO NOT RECOMEND THIS FOR MULTIPLAYER
76561198043922980,Recommended,325610,29439619,Posted: 23 January,all,Erwin Rommel,"One of the best games iv played, Hours of enjoyment and challanges"
76561198179583721,Recommended,325610,21772350,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,sadinlat,Give me big map (3 continents) and I am happy :)
76561198046985504,Recommended,325610,30112922,Posted: 22 February,all,nfi,"Most complex total war game since Empire.Best graphics int he series before warhammer came along.Epic battles that actually require strategy.More refined and balanced, adding new mechanics (migration, land fertility [was in shogun but removed in rome 2], integrity etc)Politics matter.Having played a buttload of total war games i can say this is definitely the most complete."
,Recommended,325610,22710840,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,MicrosoftPainfulToWatch,"Honestly, this game doesn't deserve the wave of hatred it has been treated to. It is basically a straight upgrade to TW Rome 2 with more polished mechanics such as improved charging, the ability for every unit to enter loose formation and no longer requiring a complete province in order to place a governer there and issue and edict.Of course there is the issue with the HORRENDOUSLY overpriced dlc and paywalls but they are minor issues which don't detract from the gameplay much. In other words, it is still a perfectly playable game without having to empty your wallet"
76561198192481386,Not Recommended,325610,21485833,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Dark Invader ++*,"the game stoped working , after the new updade , i am using a mac ."
76561198056526161,Recommended,325610,22737848,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,TheBigBadSchnitzel,I absolutely recommend this game! Here I leave a video so that you know how it looks like and learn the basics of how it works! Hope you buy it and have tons of fun with it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HbfWcoS_YBU
76561198179322017,Not Recommended,325610,29153029,Posted: 9 January,all,Original AI,"I love Total and CA, but ♥♥♥♥ you sega"
,Recommended,325610,30052418,Posted: 19 February,all,Atriox,"Fantastic game, many hrs of strategic fun :)"
76561198364685923,Recommended,325610,30416223,Posted: 9 March,all,King Mike,i liked it
76561198313688353,Recommended,325610,30420308,Posted: 9 March,all,RYP,very nice
76561197993060918,Recommended,325610,14548568,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Aquinas,"7/10*v1.0, some patches to come..."
,Recommended,325610,14527911,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Daddy,if you liked total war rome you will love this so much and you get to kill anyone in your family tree :)
76561198158570305,Recommended,325610,15199365,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,TheBigLebowski,the dudes abides ilove history and this game is truelly the best game for any history nut to play any game in the franchise is a great game and love the expeirnce of being at the helm of a barbian army
76561198105866942,Recommended,325610,15208503,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,F.O.D KNIGHTS OF THE SKY,nice games
,Recommended,325610,15209293,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,PingerDinger,"Get the game when it's on sale and buyers beware: The A.I. does not have the troop upkeep rules as yourself. They can create elite units with little costs and the Huns have infinite money and attila as of April 3 2015 will respawn with full stack armies. This is my least played total war game because even though it is better than Rome 2, I am tired of the cheating tactics of the A.I."
76561198006738836,Recommended,325610,15210941,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,hexghost,"Brings a lot of improvements from the Rome 2 days, and is much, much harder! With the new ""raze"" mechanic, by mid-game half the map is a blasted wasteland, and food becomes a serious problem.Great iteration in the series, and definitely worth the money."
,Recommended,325610,14553196,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,mognut,need cheat modswithout cheats 1/10with cheats 11/10
76561198060896102,Recommended,325610,15053692,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,jeffery.s.simmons,"I like this game, it's harder than Rome 2. The pace on the campaign map feels slower than Rome 2 but combat is similar. Battles are short and I think I would prefer if they were longer. 6000+ soldiers should not be able to slaughter each other in 10 minutes or less. Beyond that the game is really fun. I personally like that generals and statesmen seem to live for much longer than they did in Rome 2 as it makes them feel more imortant. Theres is much more to think about in this game than in Rome 2. Legions can rebel if they get bored or if you lose too many battles and governors are actual characters you select for thier attributes and they gain experience just like generals. The Horde mechanic is just cool, enemy vagabonds use the resources of the provinces they travel through and force you to deal with them or watch your empire slowly decline. I also like the addition of watch towers to non-capitol towns and the option to upgrade them to have walls. It just makes sense that a small town on the frontier of an empire would be somewhat fortified, regardelss of its size.I have noticed some bugs and honestly, its mostly the same sloppy♥♥♥♥♥♥we got with Rome 2. It isn't game breaking but like many others I find it annoying that the game is not working properly at release.There were some CTD and random freezes but we can expect this to be ironed out within a year or two. Also, I threw down a barricade during a siege defense and instead of looking like a wooden pallisade it took on the textures of the grass and pavement below it. The camera glitches... alot. Basically, don't expect to move the camera over especially high terrain or some buildings as it will get caught and spin. You have to pause the game and click on the minimap to move the camera to another position. Incidentally, I can pause this game many times throughout a battle and not worry about a CTD like in Rome 2, which is nice. Others have said it and I will add my 2 cents as well; CA, you should not have released three DLC's so quickly with the game not working properly. I mean I get it, we're hooked on this franchise and I for one will probably buy the next title but seriously it would be nice of you to put out a fully functioning product you can be proud of instead of this. These are obvious bugs that were left in on purpose.Overall this is a  good Total War title and I look forward to playing it over the next few years."
76561198066225802,Recommended,325610,15055194,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,RogueAmeba,Rehashed and terrible dlc but still is an amazing game without the dlc.
76561198040677743,Recommended,325610,15055786,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Mad Nomad,good but i miss the old days
76561198038287396,Not Recommended,325610,14928861,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Tom-ahawk,"It's a shame. I want to give this a good review because the experience is markedly improved from Rome 2, but like so many I am protesting the shameless DLC grabbing tactics. Sell the whole game or don't sell it at all, good grief. It actually makes me miss the days where games had to be sold in a hard cd case at the store."
76561198132041610,Recommended,325610,14932805,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Stormzy,THE HUNS ARE COMING
76561198080889872,Not Recommended,325610,14903904,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,☠VG☠ adam.vavrich,"I like Total War series really much, but I have to say, that Attila is really bad game. I enjoyed Rome 2, but Atilla is just copyed Rome 2 - same mechanics, graphic etc. I also have optimalization problems - some black ""dust"" is appering behind units, as replacement of snow flakes and also as replacement of sea; that is really disturbing and afecting my game. I preordered this game, but all I get for spending 40 euros is another Rome 2 with worse optimalization !DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS GAME !"
76561198035454334,Recommended,325610,14523606,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Cleavage Cleaver,Great game from a great franchize. Just wait until later updates arrive for better optomization.
76561198089191223,Not Recommended,325610,14763817,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,TheRebeliousJ3w,"This is what Rome 2 should have been. It feels like playing a total conversion mod, not a new game. Also, I can only play for half an hour and then it freezes my entire laptop."
,Not Recommended,325610,18846012,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,chojnacki.krzysiek,"I've played first medival and rome many years ago. That was Total War, you could play it for weeks. Every single part after Rome was getting worse, don't know why. It's just not this climate, that makes you play for hours. Attila is piece of s*it, I spent maybe 4 hours with it, and I'm not coming back. WASTE OF MONEY for people who played first parts of TW."
76561198002267705,Not Recommended,325610,18886032,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Feesh,"After many many hours across the total war series, i hate atilla the second most. (after rome2 ofcourse)the little things like people running around in the battle maps, burning buildings, amazing graphics and so on still dont make up for the crock of #!@# this game is.As you finally learn the horrible building system which makes no logical sense, suiting the ever changing fertility descent which also, has me baffled, you will finally have some armies to use, but dont get excited. You will end up chasing the AI around the map whether they are running around the outskirts of your cities (campaign map) only getting so close if makes you feel like deleting the game.On all i wish game would stop being rushed out. this ones basically an overpriced DLC, which also has DLCs.Please do yourself a favour, purchase Shogun 2 as an entry to the total war series.And yes, i have uninstalled the game."
76561198025743363,Not Recommended,325610,18887631,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,groolug,Don't bother. The whole thing has gone backwards since Rome Total War. Or wait 10 years and it might come out in gold edition
,Recommended,325610,15197124,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,TheRealestAsami,>faction leader is without a wife>order him to find a suitible maiden>next turn comes>he was rejected>give up on the booty-quest and start to build up my faction leader's army>next turn>he was assassinated10/10 CA. Would get my leader killed by a spiteful woman again
,Recommended,325610,14714738,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,GéKo,What Rome 2 should of been on release.
76561198030657433,Recommended,325610,14717363,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,apeal,I got rome 2. Took a yearlong break from it. Played the emperor eddition dlc and i loved it. This game from the start is really good with no patching. Its what rome 2 should have been.
76561197984054952,Recommended,325610,14716347,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Technobeam,"If you are a huge fan of the total war series like me, this is absolutely a must buy. A lot of people said the battles are too similar to ROme 2. I disagree, the different army styles and unit specializations make it feel like a completely different experience than rome 2's battles. Another thing I LOVE is how challenging some of the factions are. Western roman empire seemed impossible on normal difficulty.  I appreciate a challenge and this delivers. 10/10plus, there is going to be an AWESOME medieval mod for atilla which I have been looking forward to for a long time"
,Recommended,325610,14715790,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Luxas_Khan,"I have always loved the total war franchise though Total War; Rome 2 was lacking. The new Total War Attila is a lot better than the previous version still with a few kinks, but non the less I believe it to be better."
,Recommended,325610,14662086,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,PatrickPretzels,Every area where Rome 2 was lacking has been vastly improved upon. The new in-depth governing and politics system adds a brand new layer to the very polished campaign game.I would recommend getting Attila if Rome 2 let you down and especially if you have friends to play with.
,Recommended,325610,14716995,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Psychedelic Coffee,"Definitely a step in the right direction for CA, after the disaster rome 2 was, they improved on it immensely and the game is great fun. The modding community is also hard at work to make this game even better. the new modding tools make this total war very promising in the modding apect, as players can now make new campaign maps and battle maps. the new time period is amazing too, as its one of my favourite time periods in regards to roman history, they definitely nail down the feeling of despair that is commonly affiliated with this time period. definitely recommend if youre a total war fan, and a strategy fan."
76561198008064920,Recommended,325610,14659457,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,nO good,"Баги, краши и неточная локализация. Игра шикарна, но еб вашу мать... вы почти выпустили 2(!) дополнение и до сих пор не в силах пофиксить все это убожество?!Bugs, Crash ♥♥♥♥ing localizatinon. Game so beautiful but... WTF?! You almost released two DLC and still fixed bugs?!"
,Recommended,325610,23825234,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Generolas,Amazing game.
76561198151857283,Recommended,325610,24125683,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Strudel,its all good
76561198305957423,Recommended,325610,24126465,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,kingajesse,best rts ive played.
76561198226231652,Recommended,325610,24140662,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,s_wickum,"I've played enough of this game to have experienced the core game mechanics that players repeat every time they play, so I have not gotten far into the campaign events. However, I've experienced most of what the core gameplay is all about.I played as the 3rd most powerful faction in the game, the Sassanid Empire, and quickly became the 1st when the Roman Empires fell apart, so I had a relatively easy time. As a total war noob, though, I lost most of my first battles to the White Huns and others. The battles are great, and the way you plan out a battle and then carry it out and adapt as the situation changes is a lot of fun. You have to act fast and re=strategize quickly. Battles are the best part about the game.But unfortunately, they're about 5% of the time you play, if even that. Most of your time is spent on the turn-based campaign map running your faction, which can be very uneventful and boring. The Faction Politics and balancing your control of the faction is very boring and nonsenseical gameplay. Why does my Influence diminish when I get do an action that benefits me? Why is Influence a currency to be spent?Managing cities is another aspect of the 90%. But it has an annoying 'population' number that limits new buildings you can build. Some buildings also contribute to negative effects, like public disorder, which is dumb. I hate trying to balance public order, because too often I've wanted to move my armies towards the front lines of whatever war I engaged in but they're having to keep the peace so I don't get a rebellion on my hands.Campaign map A.I. can also be puzzling. Often times factions that are pretty far away and I haven't even seen on the campaign map yet will declare war on me for whatever reason, march into my puppet states, but then make peace as soon as my armies arrive to defeat them. And this is usually when my armies are about the same size and number as their's.Lastly, agents are the worst aspect of the game. Enemy agents can disrupt your armies and you can't do anything unless you have a counter agent that is hard to unlock. And once you have agents, sending them to disrupt enemy armies and cities feels more like a chore than a fun mechanic.If this game and Crusader Kings 2 merged, it would be perfect. We would have the great battles of Total War along with the deep political intrigue of Crusader Kings 2. But since most of Total War: Attila is spent in this watered down version of Crusader Kings 2, I give it a 6/10. Battles are fun but they're too few and far in between, and most battles can end pretty quickly. But the thematic elements of the game save it from being a 4/10. Having context and clear goals for battles makes the Campaign Map gameplay somewhat worth it"
,Recommended,325610,18760988,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,oygn,Total War. The one and the only.
76561198083808173,Recommended,325610,21952879,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,IIzDaFury,"How is this still mixed?I've had this game for along time on another steam account and i can assure you, this game is amazing one of the best totalwar series! much better than rome 2! It should be rated as possitive, not mixed...Good job devs! can't wait for the next warhammer!P>S a majority of the negitives are over dlcs not the actual damn game.."
76561198085667970,Recommended,325610,18227995,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,AngryWolfMan,This games mint
76561198120968742,Recommended,325610,18214643,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Marethyu726,Its really fun they gave away two free factions and the dlcs are really good too besides longbeards and celts but i had lots of fun playing as vikings and the last roman campaign is something i want to get becouse it also seems pretty good so does empire of sand.
76561198046567452,Recommended,325610,18193108,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Czar Butterfly,"A great game despite the buisiness practices of Sega. A fantastic strategy game worth your money, however most of the DLC is not worth your money. Only the newest two are even worth considering"
76561198102452819,Recommended,325610,18200966,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,seb.pren,I like this game due to it's stability and lack of bugs compared to Rome 2.But i feel the gameplay isn't as thrilling as Shogun 2.Overall i have had fun and would recomend it to any total war fan.
76561198254602420,Recommended,325610,22486109,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,SopskiSRB,"Where to start ...I so like this game but for me ,Total War Rome 2 is better ....Firstly ,this game -story is so intresting .Fall of Roman Empire ,Hunnic invasion and so many other mini storys in this awesome game are put our mind in early medieval age !Nice DLCs and also good mods describe this game in more beautifull light...Achtung ,Attila is comming !10/10 !Awesome graphics ,so realystick ,nice battles and good combat that i never seen before !"
76561198071663823,Not Recommended,325610,29019052,Posted: 4 January,all,chops1916,"CA make good games. I bought Attila as it was on sale. It's a pity the publishers are Japanese. Who sell off their games in tiny morsels, like little ♥♥♥♥♥♥ casual mobile games.The base game gets released and then you have to pay for blood and gore IN A WAR GAME!! Then you have to buy the ♥♥♥♥ing privilege to play as factions which are already in the game!!SEGA are money grubbing ♥♥♥♥s as are most other publishers these days. Why do developers even need publishers in this day and age with Steam? Most games are digital downloads now.It's gamers who are most at fault here though. Everyone keeps buying the tiny ♥♥♥♥ing dlc they can keep selling as the market is going no where.I want to REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE so ♥♥♥♥ing hard. REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEwew lad"
76561198157824867,Recommended,325610,17856383,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Kei Jinguji,very reccomended if ur into rts game's although watch out it's not easy even if u play easy
,Recommended,325610,14709935,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Morcrabanen,"After the fiasco that is called TW Rome 2, Attila brings back the core of TW's soul, it's easy to immerse within the world, and your decisions often prove to have satisfying (or disasterous) consequences on the campaign map. AI is smart on battle field, but the battle's are too fast paced for my taste.Finally, politics view has a some kind of meaning, so far, diplomatic actions have had reasons to happen, but I am not really trusting to the diplomacy aspect of the game.In short, I am glad that CA right their wrongs done with Rome 2, and Attila is the game Rome should've been."
76561197993402204,Not Recommended,325610,14891309,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,andysue,"I have loved the total war franchise for a very long time.  However, I found this one to be mostly just frustrating as there is no way to adjust the difficulty level of the campaign portion, leaving you mostly pressing end turn instead of being able to enjoy the battles.  Definatley the worst total war I have played."
76561198166912223,Recommended,325610,14661455,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,error setting your profile name,I have 2 hours of wondering in this game so far and 1 hour of clicking on Play...BUT i have like 3 hours of playing this game on Youtube it's so much fun i have butterflies in my butt :*Anyway do tell well i know that i'm not important but please do try to explain why was there no info on the buying page that this game is not yet optimized for amd and...?Is it really all about money?Can i slap you with my ****?Anyway patch comes out soon and omg it's for free the future is bright...i recommend this game buy it and play it on Youtubesincerely your not so important customer!!!
76561198133800549,Recommended,325610,14661571,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Bobby,gerat to spend time on runs great looks very nice
,Recommended,325610,14719825,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Malevic,"Alright i am going to say I like the game. I have played all of the TW series and loved each and every one, but I wont say there aren`t any issues with this game, but it is very good. This does need a few updates but its nothing really bad or game breaking.here is the reviewOverall 9/10 I love this era of history so a peronal point there. But its good overall and its playable, its not very diverse when it comes to units [Nordic Levy and germanic levy.... my god] but the new horde mechanic is nice.Graphics 8/10 slight changes from rome 2 with a gritty lookGameplay 9/10 playing as a horde is my favorite part and the family tree is great but could be better with a little more customizationUI 7/10 I like the unit cards and the placement of everything, there is more of the screen that can be seen which is great. but there`s some little tweaks that a few mods fixAI 6/10 Its good but not its greatest strength it just depends on what difficulty your on like on legendary is VERY difficult but on normal its WAY to easy if you want to be challenged play on hard or up.sound 7/10 Reusing the same sound files in the same place is ok but dissapointing [like some of the units voices are the same.... really]. The music is nice though I really like the musical sound track as compared to Rome 2.I would also like to say dont write a bad review just because of dlc release or because you didnt like Rome 2, dont say it sucks because of lack of the blood and gore they couldnt get consumers in some countries if they did add it on release, and dont say its bad if you only have 2 hours of gameplay thats not enough for a good feel of the game mechanics."
76561198066543914,Recommended,325610,14712611,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,riverpillow,im awful at this game...but its soooo good !!
76561198111277772,Recommended,325610,14719717,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,ThePrinceOfRed,"I was very hesitant to buy this game out of fear for it turning out like Rome II. I will say, however, that I was not disappointed with Rome II nearly as much as everyone else was. I have 200+ hours of Rome II under my belt, and I will continue to play it.The major issue I am having with Attila is the performance, at least up to this point (I only have a few hours of playtime so far). The framerates are much lower for me. I have an Alienware 17 laptop with an Intel core i7 and I can run Rome II on Ultra without any problems at all. ... Attila? ... I can barely run it on the lowest settings without having to squint to see what is happening on screen. The real-time battles are a joke without the detail to see all the moving pieces... It's a real downer.Of course they will probably patch the game later for things like this, but the fact that I am having to run the game on the lowest settings is not making it as fun as it could be... Other than that, it is a great game. Maybe a little much for the price, and the DLC is a bit much to ask 7.99 for just another couple of factions to play, but overall the game is not a blunder. I would wait to buy it when it's on sale if you're thinking about purchasing it at all."
76561198007341549,Recommended,325610,14717119,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Buttered Toast,"I really enjoy this game, however, it take FOREVER to get anywhere with building and research.  The battles feel like that of Rome 2, which is something I was hoping wouldn't happen.  Nonetheless, it's a much better game than Rome 2 when it comes to overall gameplay.  Can't wait for the workshop to open and mods come out!"
76561198097005467,Recommended,325610,14715459,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,teutonicknight,"Well its fun, just like Rome II but pretty much just like Rome II. I have searched the web and some have already made mods but none of them are available at steam yet. A little disappointed in the battles as the battles in Rome II seem to look alot better. Over-all I love the time period."
76561198112970776,Recommended,325610,19692219,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,VIN+,good games strategy
76561198119443418,Recommended,325610,19180805,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Xx_360_N0_Scopez_xX,very adictive! love it.
,Recommended,325610,19188685,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,ＨＥＹ　ＷＡＳＳＨＩ,"more balanced, better family tree, better politics and naval battles (not saying much), and 120% more chinese(?). i hope you like attilla's libido to squirt out 3 stacks every turn when you think you killed them"
76561198096201846,Recommended,325610,19207938,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Sky Lukewalker,"Ive really changed my mind about this game, I think it is a pretty good game.Pros: colonization is actually really fun (for me) if you have the money to spend to reclaim a city, its a perfect way to expand without large wars, which is very helpful for the more dificult civs. In that case, you can just hold out and survive until the huns or some other civ burns everything down and then just take it all. Its like a buffet really, since computers rarely reclaim land.Graphics- my god... i thought it couldnt get any more detailed than Rome2, but it turns out it can...Battles- they are just fantastic, and its very hard to explain just how amazing the battles actually areVIKINGS!- MAN are the Geats ever fun, even with a crazy start location, they are easily my favorite civ in the gameDiversity in units- while it may take some time to get really good units (or just good enough to actually combat Roman forces) there are quite a few to choose from, though i do wonder why the Romans (and other civs) dont get traditional ballistaeCons- ok i know i am going to say too much, but i will try to keep it short and also say that the game is still great overall, these are just some little things i didnt care forSeiges- ok lets be honest, this went a little overboard, taking 20 turns before the defenders would even run out of supplies and start to die off, this may be a bit more realistic than other Total War games, but it pretty much makes it so you just get some siege engines then you have to attack exactly the same force...Food- well... the fall harvest bonus is useless, lets face it... it only lasts that one turn each year so how is it really helping... if anything it tricks you... also the changes throughout the turns, the ""climate change"" is awful, and it affects you HARD no matter who you are, even if you have the richest farmland on earth it turns to nothing...Rome- there is pretty much nothing good that i can say about Rome... they are impossible to play as and almost as impossible to play against... Byzantines can be fun, in fact i destroyed one of the nomad civs within 2 turns of starting the game... but in the long run, they make it just a little too hard.Overall, this is a pretty good game, and i personally love it because it doenst require internet like 99.9% of games, so if my wifi goes out ive still got a great game to play 9/10"
76561198074662603,Recommended,325610,19238930,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,SS-Obergruppenführer,"Top game, great fun though maybe a little expensive for what it is though. A great way to waste time"
76561197974156175,Recommended,325610,18375621,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,timmy,Till they fix the game DO NOT BUY THIS GAME it is not playable or if you can get it going when you try to get to the next turn while waiting for the AIs to do their bizz the gamee will CRASH and there is no way around it. It is a great game but ever since the last update it is not playable so till you hear that the game is actually playable again DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!
76561197979681257,Recommended,325610,18389400,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Mckilla,"The bottom line is I absolutely LOVE this game. As for you ""Creative"" Assembly, as a fan of your franchise I feel betrayed and that I am being taken advantage of from your DLC of factions, which should be included in the inital release. Take notes from Rockstar and Valve, they release content free all the time and prove you can still be profitable.Have nothing but praise for this game, except for the DLC. I always play my Total War games on very hard, as I enjoy the challenge, and I always get a challenge, sometimes it frustrates me, but hey I knew what I was in for.The AI, I feel is very solid. In battles most of their moves make sense, and I still struggle in non defensive battles. Campaign map AI is solid as well.I really like the introduction of the nomad and migrating factions. It definitaly adds a new dimension and playstyle. to the series of the Total war games.Bringing back of the family tree was amazing. Also the introduction of skill trees for Agents is pretty awesome, Makes levelling them up more rewarding.CONS.The worst thing about this game is the DLC. The fact that every faction on the grand campaign map, is not playable is nonsense. And the fact that they introduce DLC, in the form of unlocking factions with a few features is preposterous and infuriating. I have to pay to play as some of the British factions, North African and Viking Factions, with a few new features and Units. The Last roman Campaign I can see, as it adds more then just factions.Also Diplomacy is quiet broken in my opinion. It is solely based on a factions attitude towards you. This should not be a determining factor, especially in trade agreements where it is mutually beneficial towards both factions. The diplomacy just feels to light, which is something I hope gets adressed and improved in Future games."
76561198009812754,Recommended,325610,18104939,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Top_Privilege,"It may have its flaws, it may not be the best total war, But I do see alot of effort put into this game and I am once again addicted to yet another total war game! It deffinatly does NOT suck, anyone that tells you that is one of the people that are still mad about Rome 2. Is this worth $60? no Shogun 2 was worth 60, but it is still a great game just get it on sale.The only one down side is the issue we all can agree is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, why the hell is blood effects and burning DLC?!Once again still a great game, got me addicted again, buy it on sale, would raid roman lands again 8/10."
76561198148584047,Not Recommended,325610,28775252,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,jczapados,"Upset. Just bought this game about two days ago and everything was perfectly fine, I was enjoying it, having fun. I even bought some DLC. But then all of a sudden i get out of a battle and the entire ground looks like legos, multi colored. Whenever i go into a battle it still does it and i cant even see my units, cant focus on my towns. It has made the game unplayable and ive tried uninstalling and reinstalling and nothing works."
76561198038487437,Recommended,325610,29441582,Posted: 23 January,all,B4ndoGor4,"Probably my favourite Total War game.Just finished my Lakhmid campaign.Absolutely insane, I lost count on how many times I thought it was game over.If you want a challenge definitely pick this up, especially if you can find it on sale.As for DLC Blood and Burning, Empires of Sand and Age of Charlemagne are my favourite. Although none of the DLCs are necessary.Also there are some really great mods out there."
76561198007470797,Recommended,325610,28762596,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Maxtuss11,"A great return to the basic formulae, love this game, as it is what rome 2 should have been. i definately recommend it and i have played every game in this series to death, and now this one as well! :)"
,Recommended,325610,14582437,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Valyria™,Great game (even though i don't have alot of playing hours).
76561198079818140,Recommended,325610,14581596,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Jakemf,"This game has many of the features you wished were in Rome 2 as well as the ones you liked from it, the Horde factions are a fun challange. 10/10"
76561197991084962,Recommended,325610,14581681,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,The Gunslinger,Fun Game
76561198007256689,Not Recommended,325610,14774229,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,dictatorofusa,"Baught this game and it was riddled with bluescreen crash bugs,waited for the patch to come out to fix the problems,it's worse now than it was before the patch,i do not reccomend this game.Another unfinished product by segas CA."
76561198042025397,Not Recommended,325610,14776426,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,bdoggbillgeorge,love the total wars from the beggining 15 years ago this by a mile is worse of the series. I would recommend waiting until it is 9.99 so the pain and anger is not so much. in short this game is unplayable and sucks.
76561198079398252,Not Recommended,325610,14776610,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,FrostyBoomer,i hate this game it is not as good as empire of napoleon because it is way more complicated than empire or napoleon. i liked it when it was more simple
76561198006023123,Not Recommended,325610,14786113,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Goku,"Unfortunately I had almost no choice when it came to both Rome II and Attila, I love the time period far too much to not play it. Thankfully after this I can stop paying attention to CA all together, they have stopped trying to make fun games and more or less just make shells that they can sell content for to make a complete game. I get that DLC is not going away and is a great way for companies to make add content that they couldn't get into the game in time for release and make a little extra money since it's a costly business. However when they are releasing games without all the content that it needs to be a complete game while having that content available for immediate purchase, not to mention having a track record of the games being released with a massive amount of bugs and compatibility issues? Hopefully they either fix themselves or go out of business so that another developer can come up in its place."
76561198008755558,Not Recommended,325610,14786683,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,agvicsa,"It's getting back to what the fans want but you can tell there are members of the Game production team in Total power of the direction of the game, who should not be working for this Total War Franchise and needs to LEAVE after 3 horrible games. Someone is listening because there is game dynamics being put back in the game that the fans love, unfortunatly it seems alot of the game directors aren't listening or not qualified in the slightest.Case in point.1) When towns and provinces go up in flames and get completely burnt there should be an auto feature to allow the town to grow to an entry level town with a new country invoved. This will help with the gameplay when you have no one to play with after everything gets burnt, becuase no one wants to play alone.2) More Soldier unit types that actually mean something fun. Clones of stupid clones that every faction has, that comes with a new ""Blue-Stacey-Malibu hat"" isn't fun at all. I'll buy that DLC if it actually is awesome.3) Less food vrs politics drama. It is really inbalanced, or you could provided it as an option at the begining of the game. or use money/agent as an means to reduce it in the game.4) MORE unique/diiferent historical soldier unit types.It really isn't so hard. Take the best of the best and build on it. Don't ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Rebuild the structure of a already awesome franchise."
76561198159886538,Not Recommended,325610,14793363,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,benskins1987,GOOD GAME BUT WHAT YOU GET FOR WHAT YOU PAY FOR IS NOT WORTH IT!!! THEY ARE BEING TO GREEDY!
76561198402379876,Recommended,325610,33460771,Posted: 11 July,all,ebraheem.alshamlan,Why I can not find danes faction in the grand campaign playable factions?
76561198067407694,Recommended,325610,33455028,Posted: 11 July,all,Hy is my kat,meh
76561198007204489,Recommended,325610,14614063,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Ace,great game
76561197975152966,Recommended,325610,14616467,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Weatherbee.A,"If you like total war you will like Attila, it has what rome 2 is missing (family Tree, better UI, better AI, hordes.) many small glitches though, ui freezing between turns, my massive force of horse archers losing their riders all @ once and then running off like a circular wave all over the map, was in the middle of a battle against roman forces and i was winning till this happened. huns faction is hard to figure out internal politics grows to be a pain, and they only seem to grow by subjugating/raiding/raizing other settlements (fastest way to grow your hordes) and the siege mechanics & AI are a lot better, while there are still glitches with the AI, random unit going off on its own, when you told it to attack an enemy, unresponsive units (re-select single unit and reissue order to fix). there are many many glitches in this game and CA released it too early as usual but it is fun, and a great take on total war if you like strategy/total war you will like attila.Huns horse archers = Splooshin short:Pros:- Graphics and Effects are Pretty, animation is better. the UI looks better- Hord mechanics and resettling is interesting/fun- Better variety of barbarian/horde units out of the box- Good narrative- Engaging campaign, objectives, cinematic events.- UI is easier to useCons:- Glitches, Glitches, and more Glitches, EA has nothing on CA for incomplete releases.... god damn.- Huns don't feel like the great conquerors that they were historically, always outgunned and very difficult to grow because of their inability to settle cities. and with all the different factions out there they get ganged up on a lot.- no optional campaign to start off with the traditional small provence and grow your empire from there. (traditional total war mode if you will)- Day 1 DLC, CA you are disloyal♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to your customers what the ♥♥♥♥ is wrong with CA they always milk the ♥♥♥♥ out of DLC. offer a season pass/premium pass that allows you to be done with this bs, like everyone else and include the main historical factions @ least ffs, looks pretty dumb when you add main factions of the era after the fact. and no Day 1 DLC!!!!! at least wait a month, at the very least."
,Recommended,325610,14628190,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,iDoctor,Went into a battle with 1500 soldiers.  They had 400.  I lost.   10/10   Would die again.
,Recommended,325610,14630790,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Rockyface,"A very nice upgrade from RTW2! I could go into detail of all the good, but that's far to much— so instead I'll focus on the bad.The turns take too long— at least thus far in my campaign (80 turns or so). Every time I press ""end turn,"" I'm subject to a 90-120 second wait, when all I'm doing is waiting on a specific unit to be recruited, or a building to be built. Slightly annoying.That is by far my biggest issue. Another, much smaller issue is the fact there is no last name in the family tree. For my Visigoths, whenever a couple is married, or a child is born, they are called only by their first name. I wish there more of a last name lineage— so you could immerse yourself with trying to create a elitist branch of your family, or something along those lines (I'm leaving it to your imaginations).By far a worthy pick up."
76561198103463475,Not Recommended,325610,21421925,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,GIG.EtherealSun,"i waited many months for buying this game and finally bought it in lunar sellso exited finally i got it!after instalation completed i run the game and i faced an intresting error with this meanins:ur steam files are corrupted!what!?!??!u are using cheat programm pls disable it!?!? what the ...!!??!?!?and pls buy a geniue version of this game!omg!last one was too much!i contaced the support team and we had a nice conversation for 48 hours!and they at last told me ur graphic is not up to date srry (i update it yesterday! to last verison that supports hitman beta)and thats what they said!i really loved total war series....they are very good tactical game....and i bought this,decpite of manye negative reviews..but im done..no more total war..no more sega games gg sega...u made our childhood,f...ed our adulthood im done10/10 submite a refund"
76561198058725710,Recommended,325610,23188950,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,PhoenixRising,"I actually liked Attila(and hey, there's just so much variety to go around, a lot of warriors in those times dressed pretty much the same way if they belonged to the same culture or similar).....anyways:I loved Attila, still playing my western roman empire campaign(I did mod the look of some late game units to make them more uniformed looking like legio comitatenses for example, their eastern counterpart seemed to be well equipped, my empire was strong, so I thought it would only make sense instead of looking like they were scrapping for helmets).I like the grittiness, the winters felt like a real danger, I found myself having to constantly rethink my strategy everytime my armies got caught by surprise by the winter and forced me to set up camp(sometimes I didn't pay attention to the seaons lol) and under those conditions sometimes I had I engaged and pursued hunic hordes every time they showed up with doom stacks(had ot retreat and regroup legions spread across the western/northern front every time that happened).That 'scare everyone' trait that many hunic units have was  a ♥♥♥♥♥ to deal with, I lost some battles(first time that happens without getting outnumbered in a TW game for me lol).Legio IV Ionia engaged a splinter Hunic force to prevent them from engaging the other legions the next turn foreseeing how depleted they will be and vulnerable to attack, they valiantly did their duty, and after that battle, Legio 1 Roma Victrix led by the emperor, Legio 2 Emperor's Fist led by the heir, and Legio VI(or V forgot what I named it) Herculia, along with Legio VIII Augusta with some scholae palatine as pursuer/support army...they all engaged and met 6 Hunic armies that were all together in one group, some camping to replenish from attrition from the winter(I myself got one of my legions hit by that slightly, and Legio 2 hadn't fully replenished from a previous battle due to hunic presence in the region and the winter that prevented them from ever replenishing entirely) But it lead to HUGE major battle:Had like 5ksomething(WRE) vs 6k something battle against the Huns in open plains battlefield, with some forests to the side and far back. I was against the battle map's borders, double lines of everything you can think of, elite palatina, herculiae seniores, mostly legio comitatenses, ballistarie, onagers, shock and melee cavalry, the emperor dismounting to fight like a badass in the front line before I was forced to call back since I needed the extra mobility(was about to get flanked and all my other cavalry was already engaged in a hell of a cav. vs cav. fight).....and as I withdrew units that had taken too many losses, new ones from the other legions that don't show up in the battle you know, just as reinforcements, kept on pouring in from the left and right,fresh units to rush to form up the lines, reinforce the thinner lines that had seen too many engagements, hold off archer fire, jump in to the fight when needed, charge when needed, retreat when needed, retreat when I didn't need them to(they routed lol)....was playing with control large armies ticked to have 40unit cards at once and it was just.........boy did it get intense, at first it all seemed under control, but when the reinforcing armies of the huns and attila himself showed up coincidentally, it got hairy.....God DAMN! that was a battle, explosions everywhere(they also had their own onagers, it was the famous Huns doom stack armies that spawn from time to time so), arrows flying in every direction, so much fighting and cavalry charges and death......Luck would have it, that Legio Herculia's shock cavalry finally enters the battle from my right, some of the cavalry from Augusta had joined recently too from the left, a little worn out but still strong, I regroup what I have from the left, I placed the emperor center line to keep morale steady, all elite Palatina are engaged(and trust me, ti was a like a thousand of those swordsmen or more still around), I reinforce the Legio, some are sent into the attack, ballistari are pulled back a little to be able to shoot better, and I grab all my cavalry and I sent them from the right and left flank simultaneously to envelope and engage the hunic cavalry(came a little from behind, went all the way around so, they had no where to go) and from there, some of them managed to get through and engage from behind the enemy infantry that was fighting my infantry. After that, that's it, I saw units breaking from my side, I saw units breaking from theirs, I saw a lot of units shaken due to the cluster ♥♥♥♥ of 'scare everyone' traits from so many elite hunic units.....but they kept it together, and they won, Attila escaped...but Augusta took pursuit and managed to kill him off once and for all, shame it didn't get to be the Emperor himself, but he's already done this part by leading the Empire into such a great battle and close victory."
76561198140869780,Recommended,325610,23959746,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Laurence,"hard to say anything mutch, it adds a new era to the total war franchise but they did this already with the ordigonal rome total war expansions. the graphics have some issues, forests on the campaignme map sort of blinked in and out of existance but the game opperated well enough.battle graphics worked well enough on moderet ot low quality though so id say its all right."
76561197991202323,Recommended,325610,23030323,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Wild Huntsman,"this sounds counterintuitive to the game, but i REALLY wish there was a way to turn off the ""attila steamroller"" effect. this presents such a cool insight into the time period and cultures, I'd love to be able to play through cultures without this overhanging fear of an enemy with unlimited money and a nearly invincible general steamrolling all of the other cultures.It kind of detracts from the game--IE I play as Celts and i end up with a foothold in europe but all of my adversaries are nearly wiped out by some mysterious force. I never get to conquer them myself.Other than that i love it."
,Recommended,325610,23196671,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,"Roxten ""The Suneater Shaggoth""",This game is pretty fun and although it was released and pretty much hated it has built up it's reputation as a pretty solid game.
76561198015961407,Recommended,325610,23972551,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Blades,"Middle of the roadTA series has struggled between the appropriate combination of challenge & complexity weighed against intuitive interface & balance.  Here they erred on the side of the former.  Interface and interactions are bungled and confusing.  Perpetual challenge and changing dynamic is solid.I wont drone on.  Suffice to say it feels like a big corp (done the big corp thing in IT) struggling to find a happy medium, with a lot of change management.  No clear direction or consecutive and collaborative builds upon each prior to improve the whole, merely a haphazard back and forthe between the whims and wills of whom yells the loudest.Overall, still a great game.  Definitely had some passionate advocates and veteran developers on staff.  But it did get a bit tainted...somehow."
76561198034962906,Recommended,325610,23204270,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Fire Lord Masaru,"It was a buggy mess at the beginning much like Rome 2. Many people have complained about the amount of DLC and I agree that there is a great deal for both this and rome especially for factions that should have come with the game. Having said that however, no one is forcing you to buy them and if you don't you really won't be missing out on much besides a few different units and a different starting position. The only one I have bought is the Celts one because I really wanted to play as the Picts then got a mod on the workshop that added units to their roster. Blood and gore on the other hand should be in the base game... its TOTAL WAR. Graphically the game is also quite nice, it really captures this grim and dark time. For some one who has every single total war, I would recommend this game at the end of the day if you enjoy historical games and the total war series... just swerve that DLC ;)"
,Recommended,325610,33622281,Posted: 17 July,all,Water,hun - eybunchesofoats
76561198104930274,Recommended,325610,30022740,Posted: 18 February,all,RICH (▀̿Ĺ̯▀̿,It is a improvement from Rome 2 Emporer Edition.Big improvement.8/10
,Recommended,325610,14580482,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Wolfman,"CA implemented multiple features that were requested by the Total War community, and they did so very well. Their launch has been excellent, to the point where I can almost forgive them for the launch of Rome II. The game is very well optimized and it looks fantastic.Battles are a significant improvement over Rome II. Unit collision has returned, your cavalry can actually throw enemy units a couple yards after coming into contact with them, and you can actually disengage and recharge with minimal frustration. Infantry battles no longer feel like you are trying to pull apart two blobs of putty and then smash them together again. Siege engines are actually exciting and don't totally cripple your army's campaign movement, so they are actually worth investing in. Ranged units don't become totally inept when the enemy is outside of their line of sight and actually arc their volleys over walls and terrain.Depth has been added to politics, gravitas and influence is now used as political currency so that you don't have to cripple your economy to engage in faction politics. Governors can be instated for settlements and there are specific governor bonuses within the skill tree alongside their general counterparts. Loyalty has made a return, causing your political actions to have weight among your empire/tribe. Also, you actually have to care a little bit about whether or not certain generals and governors are loyal, because they aren't nearly as expendable as they were in Rome II.The UI is another improvement with more informative menus. You can access the building tree within the game without having to mess with that idiotic browser from Rome II. Unfortunately they haven't done away with it entirely as you still have unit information within the browser.Despite any shortcomings Attila has, even if you don't care about any of the additional improvements I just mentioned, this is going to be the first Total War game since Medieval 2 where map resources are going to be available to the modding community. This means that custom campaign maps are eventually going to be available, and if CA is willing to release map resources, the capabilities for modders in this game could be endless."
,Recommended,325610,14947656,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Ron Eagleton,The game is Immensly Fun and fresh  but i'm not f***ing paying 8 bucks for 3 factions. Let's finish this candy bar first before opening the next one CA.
,Recommended,325610,19928080,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Atilla The Pun,Feels like rome 2.0 but its a good gamePrepare your♥♥♥♥♥because Atilla and the huns are  coming  and will  ♥♥♥♥ you no matter how hard you try to stop it
,Recommended,325610,22249060,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Hmm,"very cool very swag, I like it"
76561198040913902,Recommended,325610,22342215,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Y2Jus10B,"I like it, thumbs up!"
,Recommended,325610,22273251,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Litharien,"I still love it - my favorite Total War so far. The best is the mod community. Always new and sometimes pretty awesome stuff. Right now I play ""Kings of Winter"". You can check it out in my video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCSsFka31Ko"
76561198014499361,Recommended,325610,19828220,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Iremon,"A great game and quite a challenge to play on hard settings. I have enjoyed all releases from Total War genre and would recommend this title 99%. I have not experianced many bugs just a few game dumps which is probably my PC. A few game voice overs where in the wrong place like the commander telling you that defending the city is our aim, whilst standing in the middle of the desert? Still made me smile though so not a bad thing eh.The artificial intelligence of the game is much better than Rome 2 in my opinion and I get a regular surprise when fighting the enemy.The only downside is the amount of DLC's you do not get when you buy this title. We are getting used to this and Don't Look Concerned about how the games industry has to bleed us for more coin. There must be a better way to package these games so we can buy as a bundle for people like myself who will get them eventually even if I have to wait for the sales ;)Enough of my babble now and will always be a player of these titles till the electric stops."
76561198136421363,Recommended,325610,19909969,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,mirko_mamich,its greatest not working game in the world  steam rules wooooooo
,Recommended,325610,19925950,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,AoM.Dad,"If you like large armies, killing romans, and drowning people in milk for their crimes, then this is the game for you. 10/10."
76561198109898829,Recommended,325610,22262552,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,damonatnot,"Atilla is one of the better Total War games I've played.  I really enjoy the campain changes that they made, with seige escalation, improving a family tree, with Horde mechanics from the days of Barbarian Invasion.  However, Atilla's glaring problem is the lack of faction diverstiy.  There are many factions to choose from, yes, but many of them play in a similar way.  The migrating factions show the most diverstiy, while most of the faction DLC (And Yes, I'm looking at you Vikings) have four or five units that differ from eachother.  Buying DLC such as the Empires of Sand or the Celts can help fill in the sparse faction roster, but many of these DLC's feel like copy and pasted factions, while many of them should have been included in the base game.  Having DLC is acceptable, but when it takes away from the diversity of a game, namely taking out the opportunity to play as any of the northern factions (North Britain, Denmark, Scandenavian factions) the base game suffers.  This being said, Atilla is still one of the better total war games I've played, and I would definately reccomend you buying Empires of Sand and other culture packs that appeal to you when they go on sale."
,Recommended,325610,22268432,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,SirECHELON,"in all honesty i have to say that with what price you can get this game for i apselutly recomend every one to play this game. If you already played a total war game than you will like this. you can find the dlc's very cheap and whenyou do, you will have an amazing experience."
,Recommended,325610,22269484,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,man fuego,"personally my fav total war, sick charges man,eat dat horse sandwich"
76561198167034482,Recommended,325610,22275633,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Christian,"Great game, but all the dlc's are kinda annoying. I would recommend buying the dlc's whne they are on sale. Other than that this game is very fun and addictive."
,Recommended,325610,22355041,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,StrenggenPrime,For the ancestor.
,Recommended,325610,22230123,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Iste,"Really good game in a time period that's rarely seen in games. While the developers have a history of bad business practices, I'm willing to let it slide because no other developers offer this kind of gameplay or this setting. You don't need the DLC for a good experience, either. If the setting is interesting to you and you like the mechanics of Total War games, you should get Attila."
,Recommended,325610,22260373,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Cæsar,"Total war Attila, in my opinion, is a great game, depite the many negative reviews it has. The only negative I see is the overabundance of DLC. They should be in the main game. It is also extremely hard to run, so take that into account before you buy."
76561198040585483,Recommended,325610,22340103,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,c.hummelyoung,"I really enkoy this game. Wonderful historic content, mechanics, and graphics."
,Recommended,325610,14520957,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,psvM_,"Very impressed with the game so far; especially on minor details which make the game less stressful and more immersive. Graphics look less cartoony on high detail which is nice for a change considering Rome 1 was already on that path over a decade ago... Music is terrible; after 10 minutes of gameplay I put it on mute... Also what is up with with everything units touch and gets destroyed and it seems everyone is having a really bad flu in this game (lol).But overall going in the right direction, improvements for next TW:Scale down settlemement size and create more smaller settlements so it actually feels like a stratergy game that doesn't feel like 6 year olds are playing this gameWork on unit-unit clash/fightingBring back the music artist from Rome 1, whatever his/her name is"
76561198061240408,Recommended,325610,21224414,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,THUNDALEEZ,
,Recommended,325610,14675188,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Mr. Bulldops,"A vocal minority is constantly complaining about CA and the total war series saying things like: It's a moneygrab, they keep things out of the game in order to make extra cash. They also complain about CA not listening to them.Some of the big issues these people had with Rome 2.They hated the UI and especially the unit cards, so CA changed them and they are very cool now.They disliked the low manouvrability of ships and general buggyness of naval battles, so CA changed them. Boats can now turn extremely unrealistically well making sea battles very smooth and a lot easier.They complained about transport ships being overpowered, so now you can kill entire transport fleets with a handful of ships.They complained about Rome 2 graphics being too low and the game being too heavy. Attila runs smoothly on maxed out eveything on my pc but also loads faster on minimum on my brothers old laptop.They complained about the daughters of mars being unrealistic, a moneygrab and stupid.So they put female troops alongside male troops in germanic armies which is realistic, cool, well implemented and free.They changed a lot, mostly for the better making the game smoother and easier than rome 2 while having less AI mechanics to abuse.I'm not a real high graphic games kind of person but to me the game looks pretty neat.Weather effects are still hell, slowing down framerate and obscuring sight.The factions are cool, they share some units but have good differences.There is great potential for extra factions and units so the game is only going to get better.I personally liked rome 2 a lot, the variety of units it boasted over the shogun roster was glorious and made every coop campaign a treat. I liked shogun 2 for properly introducing coop campaign as a base feature of the game and I still like Emprie rome and Medieval 2 for their scope and depth.The game is still missing a coop campaign for more than two people, some units are upgraded in tiers kind of like the roman reforms in rome 1 and 2 effectively reducing variety in armies. I personally don't like this feature, but it's not really better or worse than the normal rosters.Attila has made some great improvements over rome 2 and I'm having a lot of fun in my coop campaign with my brother.The price tag is a bit high and waiting for a sale is not a bad idea but all in all, it's improved fun and runs well."
76561198189870989,Recommended,325610,33484477,Posted: 12 July,all,hodor omnipotent,-Choose Franks-Establishes home in southern France-100 turns later it is the last city in Europe not razed by the HunsGG
,Recommended,325610,14521100,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Ironside12,"CA really made up for Rome II's horrible disaster with this. The AI is more intelligent on the campaign map, the ERE swarms you as a Horde in their territory, something that never would've happened with Rome II.Many new mechanics gives a great ""brand new game"" feel to it, instead of how people were all talking about it just being a Rome II reskin.Performance wise it's a bit iffy if you want high quality graphics, but there should be some future patches for optimization, and Performance mode gives amazing FPS, but not the best graphics.I'd give it an 8/10, well worth the price."
,Recommended,325610,33109784,Posted: 1 July,all,The good suck.,"Good Game, Would total war again."
76561198039015745,Recommended,325610,28440539,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,yjs8504,goood game
76561198063995685,Recommended,325610,14634430,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Rifleman132,All around very good improvements!
76561198118595102,Recommended,325610,33961848,Posted: 1 August,all,Erstro,great
,Recommended,325610,20275756,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Ulrik H.D,gg
76561198001355442,Not Recommended,325610,31808393,Posted: 17 May,all,Pink Elephant,Love TW series but this Feels more like an addon than its own game shuffled mechanics a bit and just feels more tedious to play than other TW games and alot of army rosters are really limited feels like a pre planned template to make money from RTW2 rather than its own game
76561198012290336,Recommended,325610,16353893,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,TimeFury,"Gets boring after a while, a losing autoresolve doesn't kill any enemy units , like 200 defenders only kill 3 enemy soldiers?"
76561198026631115,Recommended,325610,16819887,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Zeruel,"There's been an influx of dumb reviews on here because of the free weekend, so I thought I'd counter one of them at least. Most of what I have here is the same you would read elsewhere, but Attila is frankly, one of the best games in the series, and doesn't deserve a 'mixed' rating regardless of how you feel about DLC. This is a review of the game, not of the publisher's policies.The Good:-The atmosphere is fantastic, they set out from the beginning to give the setting an appropriately apocalyptic feel, and they succeeded handily. The climate changes will have you scrambling for food, an enemy razing your settlement will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off, and the Huns will kick in your♥♥♥♥♥♥if you're not prepared for them. Generally speaking, you'll more time surviving than thriving.-The new mechanics are well done, and add just enough variety to the old formula, and just enough difficulty. Migrating and abandoning cities makes for unique game experience, and gives factions the kind of open-ended flexibility they've never had otherwise. Equipment on characters is a small addition that adds simple, welcome customization. Integrity hasn't ever really been a factor in my games, but I like the idea. And razing the home of a particularly hated enemy is always satisfying.-There is more variety in the campaign experience among the factions than in any other game. Obviously the migrators will be different than the established kingdoms, but the Huns will also be very different from the migrators who are obviously looking to settle. The enormous but crumbling Western Roman Empire will be very different from the large but flourishing Sassanid empire, with the Eastern Romans splitting the difference. And of course there is the more traditional start-with-one-province-and-go-from-there route, but several of them even have an emphasis on raiding that is at odds with the usual objective of expanding at the expensive of all else. The Celtic factions are worth mention too, their stuff tends to have subpar stats, but have the ability to 'guerrilla' deploy essentially anywhere on the battle map.-The politics system is vastly improved from Rome II's strangely abstract system. For one thing the family tree is back, and the prestige/loyalty system makes for another fairly straightforward (but challenging) aspect to balance along with everything else. Everything from securing the loyalty of a general to extorting a family member can be accomplished by 'spending' the prestige earned throughout the campaign, but family members using this prestige shifts the balance of power to effect things like the integrity of your armies as well as the public order modifiers across all your provinces.-It's one of the harder Total Wars, generally speaking. There are more little details to keep track of on the world map, but they never feel overwhelming once you get used to them. The climate and Huns make for a challenging end game, but thankfully they don't feel like such a cheap gimmick as realm divide did in Shogun 2.The Bad:-Yes, it has DLC. Yes, day one DLC is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I hate it too, but this is the world we live in now, and it's not going anywhere. I don't know if they held back content from the base game to sell later, but the base game never feels 'incomplete' for the lack of any of the factions added since the release. If you desperately want to play as Celts, go ahead and pay for them. If you just kind of want to play as Celts, wait a few weeks and get them at 50% off, and if you have no interest at all don't pay for them at all. The base factions provide a tremendous variation in the experiences they bring without any help, so you probably won't feel obliged to buy any more anyway.-The optimization is pretty bad, and it sounds like CA isn't too concerned with it. I play on a toaster and have never been too concerned with my how high my graphics setting are, but people with high end rigs are having trouble keeping up the fps on just highish settings.-At this point it's still just The Western European Show. Between the base factions, the first 3 culture packs, and our first free LC the focus has almost entirely been on the Celtic/Germanic cultures. Where are the Moors? The Berbers? The Slavs? Axum? Maybe some Roman Britons for a different Roman experience? The Sassanids are swimming in satellite nations. I hope the eastern and African regions getting some love is just a matter of time, it might take the potential 'rise of Islam' campaign til we get much of that though.-It's probably not the Total War to enter the franchise with. I'd mentioned it's on the harder side for the franchise (minus Sassanids, they're crazy easy) and there are more small mechanics to learn and balance in a campaign, so unless the time period really appeals to you or you have a friend you want to coop with, I'd say try an older game first."
,Recommended,325610,17038292,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,TsarVadim,"Too much paid DLC, but still good with the mods."
76561198041699809,Recommended,325610,17406778,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,P.oT.aTo,Great game love it many hours of content
,Recommended,325610,21199444,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,U.ABn0rmal@NW,The game is okay i think.But it should be cut off now
76561198051891488,Recommended,325610,15876965,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,kynana1960,"An easy game to get lost in, and its always fun to try out a faction I've never played with. The Huns were at first difficult to get used to as cavalry requires a lot of management. The game seems to be slightly harder than rome II or Shogun II, which makes for a good challenge. As with all Total wars in my experience a great game, though frustrating at times. Wish there were more diverse units though. Would definitely recommend it to patient gamer's and strategy enthusiasts."
,Recommended,325610,15337936,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Sir Jon Trollinski,"Oh CA how far you have fallen.The Day one dlc was bad enough but day two and three as well, c'mon its not too late to kick this up a lot. I tentatively recommend it to long fans of the series, but I would discourage new players."
76561198139144442,Recommended,325610,16750856,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,JSUMN1,"I've only tried it on free weekend, but I think I got a decent feel for it. It is very fun; however, the culture packs not being automatically included make me feel the base game does not justify the price. I'd wait for it to go on -50% sale before grabbing it, but make sure you do so with all the culture packs at same low price, or the game will get stale due to a poor unit roster; the Germannic factions are all quite generic."
,Recommended,325610,16826077,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Albion,"This is an improved and updated version of Rome 2 TW and as such is improved and updated. I liked Rome 2 but prefer this. The graphics are better done, the game play is excellent apart from the inevitable AI humour. It is also harder than Rome 2 - I reckon normal here would be hard level in Rome 2.One thing that does grate however is the ending razing by the Huns of anything they come across - though I suppose that this is realistic. A total lack of cities in provinces doesn`t mean no one lives there - it`s just in games terms that there`s nothing worth going there for unless you plan on a total rebuild of the province.Still - Attila dies eventually, and realistically, the hordes do fade eventually.Thank God.Recommended."
,Recommended,325610,16125225,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,implicit,"The new migratory hordes feature encourages looting and razing, pretty different than the empire building of previous titles."
,Recommended,325610,16153592,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,ronnyboy217,"Played almost 100hrs of this rendition of Total War and it's pretty fun. I've most of the previous games so I have some experience with this franchise.Pros-Family Tree is back with many imporovements (i.e. arranging marriages between factions, divorce, assassinations, bribery, securing loyalty/support, which all have repurcussions)-Migrating factions, it adds an extra layer compared to your standard hold territory & expanding philosophy in previous games-Graphics are slightly improved compared to Rome 2-Less buggs/glitches when first released compared to Rome 2 in my opinion-Razing settlements is also a nice touch to this game, allowing you to have a great impact on enemy factions without the need to occupy and strain your own resourcesCons-DLC; My first impression when I first entered the grand campaign menu was how few factions their were. I was definitely disappointed that they made the Celts/Vikings/Longbeards DLC that you needed to pay for. I would be more forgiving if they had packaged them all into one much cheaper DLC because then it might have been worth it. But $8.79 for 3 factions or $26.37 for 9, it's almost half the price of the full game. Don't get me started with the Blood & Burning DLC.-Units; I feel like their weren't enough diverese units for each faction-Buggs/Glitchs; Don't get me wrong there definitely wasn't as many glitches as Rome 2, but there are still buggs/glitches that occasionally pop up that the developers still haven't addressed yet. Sometimes while I'm playing there will be the occasional blinking of the terrain, which you should be wary of.I've played as the Huns, Sassasinds, Western Rome, Picts, Franks, & the Saxons. Western Rome is a little to much if you are new to these types of games, lots to deal with on the first turn like corruption, various enemy factions and hordes, large already established empire, and negative tresaury income. The Sassasinds are quiet easy, being on the very East and surrounded by client states. Picts are quite easy and fun as well being on the very north of Britannia. The Franks and Saxons are quiet similar and are decent factions, but I got pretty bored with them after 100-150 turns.Setup -AsRock Fatality Killer 990FX MoBoAMD FX-8350 8-Cores16GB Ram Crucial Bassilisk TacticalH100 Corsair Hydro CPU CoolerAMD Radeon HD 7970 x 2 Crossfired (One MSi Twin Frozr Edition/ One AMD Reference)240GB Seagate SSD + 1TB Western Digital HDDResolution at 1600X900 MAX SETTINGSThanks for reading hope this helps with your decision! :D"
76561198094728060,Recommended,325610,16759920,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,archiegamer,complete improvement from rome 2
76561197971609050,Recommended,325610,16874395,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Volcano467,Great out of the box. Better than Rome 2 (praise be to the highest).
,Recommended,325610,17449031,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,jb2860,its a realy cool game little hard to understand
,Recommended,325610,15644385,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,MrMisch13f,"Though streamlined in a lot of ways, this Total War features many new and fun add-ons that were previously not part of the series. My favorite new addition is how the cities explode and burn down when you raze them. I've probably ruined half of my campaigns simply because that's all I would do whenever I took a city. What can I say? Some people just want to watch the world burn. Now I have three settlements and all of Europe is a desolate wasteland. Come and get it Attila!"
,Recommended,325610,15651472,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Ristrimir,"I wasn't going to buy this game i told myself, after the dissapointment of Rome II. However I'm glad that i did!!The game is better in every aspect than Rome II, and also looks a lot better. It's worth the money because it gives a completely new experience, and is very similar to the original barbarian invasion, but then better! You do need quite a high end pc to run this on extreme, but last patch optimized the game some more :)It's still not a perfect game of course, for example i'm missing agent videos, which i really liked pre Rome II. And i dont like the armies must have a general principle.Take some time to learn the building browser, the family system and how to secure offices. And you will have a great time playing this game!8.5/10"
,Recommended,325610,15723387,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,abetawar,This game is aboluteley amazing. I have no other words to describe it
,Recommended,325610,15748334,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Lowkey,"It's an improvement over rome 2, but it's got too much dlc. It's kinda(?) good."
76561197987259557,Recommended,325610,15870561,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Dunce Gollum,"In the line of the Real-time Strategy Total war franchise, this new sequel takes place before the Dark Ages, just before the fall of the Western Roman Empire, putting the Huns in the spotlight. The game mechanics are similar to the previous titles and introduces new ones such as Hordes, razing, fire in settlements and a few minor ones but still interesting. Political strategy is more complex, but still not as complex as games like Crusader Kings II from Paradox interactive, however, still flavors the game in a positive way. Real-time battles are well made and stays in the line of what made this franchise popular and renown for it's strategical complexity, but still accessible to newcomers after a few game sessions. Total war veterans should find interesting challenges playing the Grand campaign with the Roman factions, as well as the migrating Hordes or the Huns. The Grand campaign in this episode has a greater variety of unique faction starting points  in terms of initial tactics. However, the A.I. is still the weak point of the franchise. While the game is still very enjoyable, the A.I. is sometimes tricky and not quit what it should be in my opinion, but still manages to be convincing in some cases but lacks a variety of long-term tactics or at least, giving the impression that it tries to preserve in time.Overall, I would recommend this game because I really enjoy playing it, if you appreciate it, you'll have plenty of time to try out everything and play for hours."
,Recommended,325610,16273418,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Space King,"Something was missing in Rome II. I don't know what it was, but it just felt kind of... sterile, I guess. Attila is a great game because of the atmosphere. If you happen to read my other reviews, you may notice that I talk about atmosphere a lot. I'm a sucker for it. For instance, I kind of suck at Planetside 2, but because the atmosphere is so immersive, I still love that game and still go back to it from time to time. It feels like you are in giant, large scale battes. I don't care if I'm getting killed over and over, it's fun, damnit!So, Attila. I haven't seen many games tackle the fall of Rome, the super dark, gritty, depressing era that was the Dark Ages. This game does, and it pulls of the atmosphere of that period rather well. It's perfect for a Total War game, and the only reason I haven't played more of it is because The Witcher 3 came out and I wanted to play that first. But I do plan on digging more into Attila. I love the setting, the idea of roaming bands is awesome, and the upgrade tree seems much improved from Shogun II (I don't remember Rome II's research tree, but oh well). Also, the music and graphics are great. If you like Total War, give it a shot. If you've never played the series, this isn't a bad place to start, but I would probably suggest starting with Medieval II (despite its age), and then Empire next, and then either Rome II or this one depending on which setting you prefer. Or just start with Rome II, I don't care. Either way, Attila is great from what I've seen so far.BTW, in case you're wondering, I've been with the TW series since Medieval (first one). The only entry I haven't played was the original Shogun (and Napoleon, I guess, if that one counts)."
,Recommended,325610,16337543,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,MajorEarl12,"I love this game.  Its great to feel the since of hopelessness when you are being overrun by enemy stacks.  But an even greater feeling when you end up beating back the enemy hordes.  Dark atmosphere, great gameplay, fun campaigns.  All around great game.  8/10"
,Recommended,325610,17035682,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,B Man,"main pros.-Game well polished.-Brings new features.-The Campaign is AWESOME, with plenty of new things you didn't get from Rome-Graphics and threading are extreme! (recommend a good pc if you want to take advantage of it)main cons.-The factions that brings extras in campaign are from DLC.-DLCs are expensive and already a lot (5??)-******* blood and gore came in dlc, (lets pay more!!!)--------if you get the game u should get the DLCs (sad to tell this but true) and you will enjoy a beatiful game!let's hope next time creative assembly etc. aren't so greedy and disrespectful to its fans."
76561198101993353,Recommended,325610,17433922,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Sword-Art-Online,It has Romans!!And the difficult setting and time period makes it a badass game. 8/10
76561198004477996,Recommended,325610,21217667,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,|LNG| Rocket Morton,"game is fun to play as the roman empire trying to keep it from all falling apart around you and its fun to play as a horde trying to steam roll the empire, this game is no where near the calibre of the old total wars(rome 1 im looking at you) but it isnt as bad a game as people make it out to be."
76561197999771333,Recommended,325610,15530553,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,bylandt11,"Excellent game. Best of the TW series since Medieval II.Most of the negative reviews seem to be about the same thing: the DLC's. They miss the point that this is a great game without them. In fact they add very little, so if you don't like them, don't buy them."
,Recommended,325610,15593628,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Mini Grim,Very good game
76561198109643119,Recommended,325610,16269515,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,FlyingBaron,This game is really fun. Much better then the awful mess that was Rome 2. Looks cool and everthing works without crashing. Ai actually fights back. Some blancing actually went into this game. I know right? who would have thought? Therefore buy if you like Total War.
76561198139520996,Recommended,325610,16451516,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Ancient Hero,A great improvement for this game and cant wait to play the last roman campain:)
,Recommended,325610,16466203,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,wanderer,"Super fun campaign, but multiplayer and unit variety could really use some improvement (especially the Celts!)"
76561197970773261,Recommended,325610,16492518,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,taupoke,A big improvement over Rome 2 in every way. A fan of this series will enjoy Attila quite a bit. The price is pretty steep though so do your research before buying it.
,Recommended,325610,16835221,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,𝓛𝔢𝒗𝒊𝔢,"Attila is the epitome of historical strategy and Total War today. Great mechanics, polished play, with impressive challenges that even leave Total War veterans shaken!Buyer Beware: The game doesn't run great on every machine but if you get the Gem mod running it is absolutely stunning even on modest settings.The biggest downside to the game is the time period itself: It can be considered a little boring, but I think Creative Assembly did it's best to make the game interesting with it's 'survival' mechanics including climate change, razed lands, Attila and the Huns, and hungry migrating barbarians all over the map."
76561198007843514,Recommended,325610,16870086,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Aerofaze,"The political system makes this the most ""incarnating"" total war I have played.  I felt a real connection with my character (and consequently my family line) which made the game far more fun than I expected.  I think they should include this political system in all total war games."
76561198036627626,Recommended,325610,17406969,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Alcuard,in my words the game is great but im playing a modded version but only thing i hate is game how you have buy a dlc to see blod and gore but other than that the game is great i highly recommend this game
76561198008723682,Recommended,325610,15700077,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,HammerHeadBG,"Game is good and I clearly can recomend it. It look more polished than rome 2 and seem that it is better optimised and work smoothly. BUT and it is big but, marketing policy of SEGA and CA ruins any good opinion of players about the game."
76561198020113112,Recommended,325610,15864484,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Yellow Belly Moon,"Every total war is better than the last, there are a lot of people who complain but they are just crying about little stuff that really doesn't matter. Is the artillery too accurate? Yes it is. Are the stupid little DLC things annoying? Yes they are, but those are the only issues."
76561198098134254,Recommended,325610,16198618,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,For The Reich Reasons,"A considerable improvement to Rome 2 Emperor editon, it is a fair entrance into better total wars in the future, CA redeemed itself with this one. I am a bit worried with the DLC problems though, some things should have been in the game anyway."
76561198063381615,Recommended,325610,16905532,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,GhostlyGoo,"If you enjoy world domination.But the family tree thing gets in the way since u dont want mentally handicapped morons sitting on your throne, so u spend more time than you should playing the game of thrones."
76561198102817543,Recommended,325610,16934602,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Hammeristic,"Aside from the absurd DLC pricing, the game is definitely worth playing. Good amount of factions that most are fun playing. Just expect to be challenged alot more than Rome 2."
,Recommended,325610,21181463,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Gandalf's Big Oiled Staff,"Brilliant game, a lot more things to offer than rome 2 such as family tree's, intresting cutscenes etc. However if you want to play at the height of the Roman empire (Rome 2), then this is not the game for you. If you do buy this game with intentions of playing as rome, East or West, you can still bring the empire to its former glory..but this is no easy task with the constant threat of the Hunnic Warmachine. Over all - a good game, good graphics. Downsides - some of the factions are very ""samey samey"", but not the majority."
,Recommended,325610,15329883,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,MaxiMoose,"Before I start, yes, the DLC money-grubbing of CA is ridiculous. And as much as I hate myself for buying the Viking pack (I just love viking culture), this isn't a DLC review. This is a review for the game itself, so let's all just move on.Anyways, I loved Rome 2 having logged over 300 hours on it, decided to give Attila a whirl. And it's certainly interesting. First I tried the Huns, and while the fresh idea of carrying your settlement with you was pretty neat, I wasn't doing so well (although I definitely got a kick out of razing a captured settlement and watching the whole region burn to cinders). I'm sure I'll head back and give them another try, but I decided to quit and having a deep admiration of what the Romans had achieved, decided to try the Western Roman Empire faction.I truly feel as though CA nailed the time period perfectly, you start off thrown into a vast expanse of regions and armies which can be a headache to get a grip on what you do and don't have right away (essentially you have a bunch of 6-10 unit armies and level 1 structures) and also what's going on around your borders. Within the first end turn I was already losing settlements. And I spent the first 6-7 turns trying to build up my starting armies and hold what I had, though it proved fruitless as new factions kept appearing to slaughter my poor little plebs.The name of the game in Rome 2 was expand expand expand until nothing is left, and as the Romans here, the game has been changed to retreat, recover, and re-expand. To expand on that logic, the main objectives throughout Rome 2 were ""capture so -and-so number of regions and control so-an-so amount of armies"" Whereas as the first objective in Attila is simply, ""Survive""It's definitely a dark and twisted version of Rome 2, and while I don't have many hours logged yet, I'm sure I'll be playing this for a long time to come. And if CA had put as much effort into the game as they did acting like greedy DLC-scamming scumbags, I can only think how much better it might be."
76561198015082335,Recommended,325610,15529934,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,bret_macchia,HATE HOW OTHER TERRITORIES AND THE ENEMY ALWAYS ASKS FOR MONEY IN A PEACE DEAL EVEN WHEN THEY ARE THE ONES LOSING HORRIBLY
,Recommended,325610,15839577,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Elysian Meadows,"If you have played Rome 2 then this game will be familiar to you. It works in a near identical way, has the same base mechanics and almost the same interface. However, it is more akin to a horror game than a TB strategy when compared to its predecessors. The threat of wandering hordes and of course, the Huns themselves always looms heavy upon those playing as the Roman Imperial factions and the others. The dwindling fertility of the land due to the worsening winters as well as the fact that the aforementioned hordes tend to turn to ash all they conquer contribute to the horror factor. Diplomacy will fail here.The new mechanics concerning the hordes themselves also introduce interesting gameplay that has been mostly not present in previous titles. The introduction of Religions and Sanitation vs Squalor is another fun addition that adds complexity although the removal of the culture mechanic (replaced by the religions) could have been avoided.The battles are as good as they have ever been and each faction has interesting units to train. Also, love the introduction of eastern Roman fire ships :)The internal politics system is fairly done. However, it tends to lack depth but compared to Rome 2 it is better.As for the game itself, it hardly has any bugs at all by now. All the hours I've played (and trust me, I plan to play far longer than this) have been free of crashing or any bugs. Except one time where a faction had no troops and settlements but remained in the map. But in the end the game remembered to pay it some attention and then the report of the faction's destruction came and all was well.One of the better Total War titles. Would recommend"
,Recommended,325610,16191894,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Darkassassin176,this is one great straregy game is mixes the best of supreme commander and civilizations into one great game. i do suggest having at least a decent/modern computer to run it to have smooth gameplay. the battles in this game i give 9/10 overall strategy options 9/10 multiplayer 8/10 graphics 9/10 mods 8/10 story 9/10
76561198040412298,Recommended,325610,16751557,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,[Baal - Secundus] Heron,"Oh how I would have loved to be in the frankish army, no worry about personal hygiene at all... haha"
,Recommended,325610,16760316,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Internet,"I can't stop playing this game!''but my time is running out. :<''There is something in it... something very appealing to me, for example monarchy system, you can choose who gonna be next high king, who he gonna merry who... you can perform assassinations, and set new government, lots of micro managing going on there.I was playing more than 6h (normal) campaign and still achieved nothing, conquered some lands, but usually someone overtaking them. On tech tree I reached only 2st era... But something pushed me to stay and play/explore more.- Fun strategy game, never played any Total War series, but have some experience in Civ games and AoE.- I hear they had some issues with Rome, but in this case everything working fine even on my potato PC (had some crashes, and some times lags)I recommend this game to any one who likes turn base games and have some taste for history and politics!"
76561198007398280,Recommended,325610,16867908,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Hawkster,"Overall, this game is clearly an improvement of Rome 2.  The environments in both the campaign map and the battle map are very nice.  I am running this game on an older computer (Nvidia 430m graphics card) and I have had little problem running it at performance setting.  No crashes either!  I have been playing Total War games since the first Rome, and I think it is one of the best they have made.  Can't wait for arena, should be a good time also."
76561198213140287,Recommended,325610,21214907,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,un_Zed,10/10 would ransack Rome and Constantinople again.
,Recommended,325610,21213223,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,ganrob,"Countless hours of fun, excellent gameplay. Never had any serious issues in terms of bugs, bought at launch."
,Recommended,325610,21222746,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,ReySilent,i have a 390x and am catching serious lag during this game but can run some of the most graphic demanding games at 1440p 1440mhz no problem does anyone know why?
,Recommended,325610,23146961,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Beech,An alright game. Total War has gotten lazy and lacking in accuracy with their last 4 games. Mods make this playable like they do for every Total War game made after Empire Total War. If you're alright with having to do that then you will enjoy this game.
,Recommended,325610,20512881,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,RUMBO,Attila the Fun!
76561198007251971,Recommended,325610,15875858,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,ximmortalxlaststand,the game is good a vast improvement over rome 2 but the day one DLC does diminish but does not break the game just don't buy it no one is making you so in conclusion i would recommend i feel i got my money's worth
76561198053536538,Recommended,325610,15885119,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,jackalexandercox,"I do recommend the game however understand now why everyone is angry with CA. To pay extra money for factions that are already in the game is ridiculous and a scam in reality. Its like buying a bike and they offer you a bike with one wheel and say 'well you can have the extra wheel for an additional 60 pounds'. Of course you want the extra wheel which is why its harsh. Wouldn't surprise me if in Rome Total War 3, you have to pay for the Romans. Apart from that, enjoying the game and no real qualms with it. Extremely in depth to the point where its like 'ok let me write this down I have to do what?' So many small decisions which alter so much ha but I like that I suppose. Bit gutted I'll be one of the idiots paying for the extra factions but I love the Vikings. Only completed the prologue so far (which you cant continue after a final battle) which was annoying because I had 8 hours consumed with the Visigoths who I ended up really enjoying playing with. Overall great so far gameplay wise, up to you whether you wanna buy the factions however that should be looked into and can't wait to fight another battle."
76561198170836778,Recommended,325610,16095669,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,PICKLE RICK!,"Absolutely stunning game! It has huge re-play value and you can re-start over and over as you wish, as well as having multiple save files."
,Recommended,325610,16143134,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Omundson,It's fun and challenging. Also ♥♥♥♥ the Romans!
76561198007956161,Recommended,325610,16152582,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,jobro_06,"What can I say, except that this should have been RTW 2 and not the other way around. The AI is still pretty daft sometimes, but there is no denying that they have tried to improve this sequel over the previous game. The price though doesn't justify it (my op) but this game will probably be one of the last historical TW games that will be released for sometime since they are now working on War Hammer. So it could be some time before another a-historic game comes out from Creative Assembly.Overall, I would recommend buying this game because playing as either of the Roman factions is extremely challenging; especially as the Western Roman Empire. There are plenty of mods now out for this game, so I'd recommend downloading at least a couple of them so that you have a better gaming and immersive experience."
76561198101905944,Recommended,325610,16220616,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,microball911,"I like the economy managerment, which is more transparent (how much money to get how much reward) than previous CA games.  The diplomatic is also more transparent (you see all parameters that increase/decrease relations), except the panelty for empire is ... not so realistic and even can be annoying, but I guess the purpose is to make the game more chanlenging."
76561197992040563,Recommended,325610,16277673,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,BredBrodak,Great!
,Recommended,325610,16299976,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,blogsg1,Well it better than Rome 2 anyway......
76561198059950090,Recommended,325610,16458170,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Mosbaked,"The TRUE spiritual sequel to Rome: Total War, not that broken Rome II they tried to pawn off on us.  This is much better and improves on many of that titles short comings."
76561198037600336,Recommended,325610,16751343,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Asada Sinon-chan,Become the Huns and raze the world. FUN
76561198096192793,Recommended,325610,15972190,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Rains of Castamere,"Its a fine game, with so many features yet those features are not fully developed and they could absultly do better than this."
76561198195444699,Recommended,325610,16854037,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,i_stole_ur_weed,"OK. i have more hours on the entire total war series than any other game series or game by far... im a serious gamer so thats alot of time spent... but you guys are really  screwing with me about this dlc and its prices.. the free update was a good gesture i guess but how much do you think your game is worth..i look at the total amount im gonna spend on a game and the last roman campaign is not gonna happen for me... 15$ are u f-ing serious?  your money grubbin us so ive bought all dlc thus far except the last roman campaign and ive had the game a while . i wanted to wait to post a review... the game is beautiful and its a good game like all other total war games.. tho attila seems a bit harder to keep the people in check once you've occupied them.. i dont wanna run a nation for serveral turns before i can attack and keep conquering places.. i love you total war people but your acting like a high maintenace girlfriend squeezing us for every last cent... im done with your dlc. if this continues i will stay a total behind to get descent prices.. i understand call of duty is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥the world with their dlc but do you honestly wanna do us loyal customers that way? i mean there are other strategy games out there... do u even realize how many people i have gotten to purchase your total war games? if the next total war is a dlc crackhead then im out on your whole series.. like the game releasiing for 60 bucks and dlc out the same day.. no no shame on you... maybe i wont be out on total war ill just say the cash on attlila i gave was enough and just dl a cracked copy next time, which we all can do... i buy your stuff to help u make more total war but youve gone too far...fix it or your gonna lose us just like call of duty did"
76561198006729462,Recommended,325610,17307852,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,SpawnofStu,LOVE IT !!!!! meet intresting people from all over the world and burn them alive in there own homes .... yup i said it
,Recommended,325610,21217049,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Pedantic_Fusilier,"This game is the best thing that happened to total war. There are really 2 problems in the game. One, the AI is a must fix. It will attack you with a almost depleted stack. Two, people dont really colonize the world expect if they have been migrating for the past 50 turns. Otherwise i've put on 344 hours and thats it. SO WHY ARE YOU SITTING THERE, BUY IT!"
76561198067220575,Recommended,325610,17269925,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,CARNICO,It's areally good game
76561198083890044,Recommended,325610,17525076,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,acanadian121,cant play attila on windows 10 please fix or refund
,Recommended,325610,17586142,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,lfxfire,"The game is fun to play ive thrown 100+ hours at it and am still enjoying it.But CA are being♥♥♥♥♥♥takes by putting in so much DLC. if you like total war and are not a millionare go for shogun 2 or an older title, they're much more affordable and you get the 100% of the game when you buy it not 40% and the rest is over priced DLCPersonaly i havent bought any of the DLC and the game is still fun"
76561198077191738,Recommended,325610,17721232,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Kent Mansley,"Whilst it gets the living♥♥♥♥♥♥beaten out of it, Attlia is an ok game. In all honesty it's what Rome II should have been mechanics wise. I enjoy the setting of the game above all, the late empire is such an interesting and dramatic time.In all I think its worth buying but when on sale"
76561198042855392,Recommended,325610,16165542,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Dread Pirate Walrus The Black,"Pretty fun and all.  Get expanding a bit too quick, anger small force and laugh as I push them away.  They ally with 4 factions and an army that eclipses mine just sits outside my main city staring at me. I panic. I attack, I win.  I get too much pride, they come back I get rekt.  I run away, everyone sees me weak they all jump in. All that progress is dead.10/10 Would Expand again"
76561197972413861,Recommended,325610,34946539,Posted: 14 September,all,An Absolute Numpty,Great Game but with a few flaws... stunning look and gameplay keep up the grat work!
76561198119544232,Recommended,325610,16740178,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Guest (the last one),great game but no many factions to play as unless you buy the culture packs
,Recommended,325610,16740266,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Nasi Lemak,Not bad
76561198053958371,Recommended,325610,34945817,Posted: 14 September,all,Mikhelas,The total war series got me from the start. The Attila game is definitely the best so far. I really hope that Creative Assembly keep up the good work on the best military strategy game.
,Recommended,325610,35186205,Posted: 24 September,all,momo12320,Ai sooo smart D:
76561198175308330,Recommended,325610,35026143,Posted: 17 September,all,Boopin Glop,this game is litty ♥♥♥♥♥ i mean the battles are gr8  the management of your citirs is also gr8 the game is gr8 buy for ur own sakes
76561198090372140,Recommended,325610,35071873,Posted: 19 September,all,Draxish,"Decent strategy game, would recommend. Pretty much what I was expecting, turns can take a LONG time to cycle through if your system isn't great. It has to load every factions choices after you end your turn, and you can't really walk away while it loads because it pauses if you are attacked/offered some diplomacy options by another faction"
,Recommended,325610,34739077,Posted: 4 September,all,WarPigs,"Less glitchy, less exploitable, than it's predecessar (i.e: from the start of the game, artillery ships are available, cheap, and easy to mass-produce. ALSO, since you may attack the exact same settlement in 1 turn indefinitably, you can obliterate their entire military without a scratch, (Well, you might lose 1 or 2 ships to the inital port defence, and badly positioned onagers but all it takes is a volley of normal shots, and it's game for the settlement and it's army.The game mechanics are so much more improved than Rome II, and it runs hella lot better on my GTX 960 mobile laptop.TheLegendofTotalWar may have beaten and uploaded a video playing as the WRE on lengendary, declaring war on ALL factions after each turn, but I'm going to give him a run for his money: By keeping those ""Dirty smelly churches,"" and creating those ginormous churches... after I stabilize my land and reconvert from paganism to christianity.I'd give it 7.5/10Here's a funny quote I wrote for a few declining companies:""Ah... The Assembly/The Infinite Wardens/Bethesda, the eternal gaming franchise. I have seen the end of days and years from now men will say ""here began the fall of Total War/Creativity/RPG's"". The power of Free Content was taken from the many and given to the few. Those who wore the golden wreath grew sick with every kind of wickedness. They were filled with greed, deceit, and malice. They Betrayed the ones they loved, and subjected them to the horrors of the Alpha-Beta Wastelands as guinea pigs. They did all this and called it: ""Subculturepacks/""Epic and Visceral""/The Creation Kit.""- Netiquettes Internetia Neutrales 1990's AD - 2010'sSources:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Net_neutrality_in_the_United_Stateshttps://www.cnet.com/news/net-neutrality-from-there-to-here/https://www.fcc.gov/document/fcc-proposes-ending-utility-style-regulation-internet"
76561198004693632,Recommended,325610,34829494,Posted: 8 September,all,mikeyxbox360,"Solid game, made some improvements from Rome 2"
,Recommended,325610,34840955,Posted: 9 September,all,"HI, I´M ALLAN",Another GREAT TW game !!! ;)
76561198033122746,Recommended,325610,35033036,Posted: 17 September,all,the evil one,"Good game, total wars get better and better, best battle sin any total warOnly gripe is Attila himself, his armies just mill around doing nothing till they slowly get killed offhas to be the worst piece of scripting i've ever seen"
76561198042137374,Recommended,325610,34751851,Posted: 5 September,all,the diddly,"Great game, love age of Charlamagne dlc and the mods"
,Recommended,325610,34994972,Posted: 16 September,all,ddk,I loved the way the Grand Campaign is laid out. It creates the atmosphere of the era beautifully  and  puts you in the middle of it.Recently completed the Grand Campaign and still feel like there are much to be discover in this game - which makes it a huge plus for me.I believe this game is one of the collector's items and it should be installed on your drive all times.
,Recommended,325610,34898686,Posted: 12 September,all,KFC 5 star box,Can't get enough!
76561198364361431,Recommended,325610,34944837,Posted: 14 September,all,Hedgehoax,"My computer says ""FRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR"",But my heart says ""oh my GAD""."
76561198003500396,Recommended,325610,35028417,Posted: 17 September,all,"I'm Rick James, Bitch","Fantastic. This game is so deep with its army and city customization, diplomacy, army tactics and strategy, and dynasty mechanics. Lots and lots of fun. My one complaint is that it takes literally 4 minutes between turns for all the other factions in the game to take their turn but otherwise the game is pretty flawless and super deep."
76561198083098371,Recommended,325610,14600245,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Shamus727,"Been playing total war games since the launch of the original shogun back in 2000, deffinetly my favorite game series, but i was a little hesitent to buy this one right off the bat because of how dissapointed i was in the launch of rome 2.Well i got drunk and ended up buying it and i have to say im deffinetly not regreting the decision!10/10 would get drunk and buy again"
76561198056682830,Recommended,325610,14518145,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Igor,"This game is a big step up from the mess that was Rome II.  Generals with skill trees, better UI and the return of Family Trees all make for a thematic experience. While in Rome II, the unit rosters felt empty and lacked variety, this problem has been adressed in Total War : Atilla. Each faction feels distinct and unique, including those who share the same culture. The AI seems competent enough most of the time, so step up there too.  Even though the framerate is not optimal, it is a far more optimized game than Rome II was at launch and still is now and future patches will provide fixes. All in all, I would recommend this game to any TTW-fan, both fans of the older games and those who liked Rome II, provided you can live with the glitches/bugs that come with every TTW-title and the AI which still has room for improvement."
76561198014382468,Recommended,325610,14517903,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Kipzz,Game runs great. Love the era.Simply a great game all ready.9/10
76561198100255256,Recommended,325610,14517963,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Bathory,"Is a great game, just fail in FPS optimization! But stay great!"
,Recommended,325610,14518109,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,DeBunkeD,"Absolutely beautiful, vast improvement over previous installments in every way. Unfortunately quite taxing on your hardware, but any mid range machine should still be able to achieve a steady 30-40 FPS on appropriate settings. Worth every last penny."
,Recommended,325610,21440818,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,SpyGuy,"I changed my mind, its a good game."
76561197970339840,Recommended,325610,19763682,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,illequine,Much better than Rome II.
76561198003476561,Recommended,325610,14532968,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Ma$#,Great game but keeps crashing. Windows Update tells me I have no driver updates to do...yet crash crash crash....Game looks great but crash.
,Recommended,325610,14534380,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Kill Guy,It works!Finally we have our game restart simulator 2015
76561198036275266,Not Recommended,325610,20332544,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,westconsonite,"I've been a fan of total war ever since I played rome 1. I've played this game for 42 hours and i'm afraid I don't have much good to say about it. The settlement management sucks, the battles and AI are terrible, the only factions that matter are the Huns. I love Total War and playing this game is just an exhausting boring chore that slowly sucks the life out of you if you play anything but the Huns. Amazingly, the game looks great. It doesn't run well but it looks nice, the entire budget must have been dumped into developing new graphics. The political system while largely pointless is a massive improvement over Rome II. I waited for it to be $15 on the wintersale and I still feel I overpayed for it."
,Recommended,325610,33941863,Posted: 31 July,all,a wild hagraven,"If you want to get into Total War, buy this one. It seems the most polished."
,Recommended,325610,27881546,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Amber Dunkelheit ♥~,Really rather neat
,Recommended,325610,27901485,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DangerDane,It's pretty great.
,Recommended,325610,27903663,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Shll5hcKa,Its a great game get it while its on sale.
76561198388152221,Recommended,325610,34251761,Posted: 15 August,all,Nitrobg01,The Best game ever xD
,Recommended,325610,32895676,Posted: 27 June,all,YuЯickz,It's gud ... thanks for the sticker pack.
,Recommended,325610,34752041,Posted: 5 September,all,✪ Rappid | One More Light,I didn't know anything about total eat games so I bought this from summer sale then I tried it out it's very fun
,Recommended,325610,34983974,Posted: 15 September,all,Greku,Huns. You must survive the Huns.
76561198000188635,Recommended,325610,18105668,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Wolok,great game gg.
76561198026438297,Recommended,325610,19646415,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,elosos,Challenging and realy intense . Great game
76561198007667745,Recommended,325610,33368553,Posted: 8 July,all,s.babenco,"One of the best 4x game i playing in along time, it make one think."
76561198107936410,Recommended,325610,17998722,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,SHIFTY [TFD],"While i do NOT like how CA release a game then decide to release a bunch of dlc's for us to pay for!I dont mind the gameplay, i enjoy the era and the new additions to the series. It is fun to go into migration/horde mode and roam the land plundering and pillaging your neighbours. the unit types arent that diverse (Although i havent played with the culture packs that you have to pay!) the game is good i think. Graphics are beautiful, much like Shogun 2 and Rome 2.In summary:DLC's released after that you have to pay for - WORST MOVE CA!!Gameplay - goodNew features - goodUnit diversity - mehGraphics - great!"
76561198046077970,Recommended,325610,17991265,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,c0le,"Very fun, AI is a bit buggy but still better than RTW2"
76561198006807622,Recommended,325610,17991569,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Saintphoenix,"I love this game, the only real complaint i have is the lack of picking unit type of your generals, otherwise i just love this game to bits"
76561198191192745,Recommended,325610,19844941,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,2ndLtJoeB,the game is good
76561198072037055,Recommended,325610,19855307,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,9lêro,"If you like Total War: Rome II, you will enjoy Attila."
76561198076453566,Not Recommended,325610,14825348,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Eaglesflight,"To be honest, the campaign is boring and disapointing. It also feels like there is no excitement in gameplay after a whileLets sum the game up1/2 of the map is razed75% of the time your campaign will end before 400 ad because of romans spanking you.Kings die all the time."
,Recommended,325610,14520813,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Gerhard Von Scharnhorst,"I edited this review for serious reasons. It was originally silly.Total War: Attila is probably my favorite Total War game to date. The campaign is dynamic, new, exciting, and above all: fun.  Playing as the Romans and fighting to survive is one of the most challenging missions in all of video gaming. Playing as barbarian tribe trying to survive in the shadow of death is just as fun. Combat is fluid, fast, and brutal.It pains me to give this game a negative review. It is something I must do, however. The DLC practices Sega and CA have implimented with this game are inexcusable. To charge for an incomplete game then release things that should have been in the game from the start (For example, the Blood and Burning includes gore effects and enhanced fire.) is downright shameful. These petty culture packs are, bluntly put, stupid. They're hardly different from other factions at all. Its a cash grab; pure and simple.This little tidbit is the most urksome. In the days of Rome II, people were allowed to make mods to make all factions playable. CA has SPECIFICALLY stated that mods like that are no longer allowed to be made because they plan on perhaps releasing every damn faction in the game as a paid culture pack. ACTUALLY, CA has banned all modifications of the campaign map in its totallity. In Attila, modders were promised more possibilities than in even Rome II. These shady business practices took one of the best aspects Rome II had going for it and squashed it with Attila.Its sad this game has already been ruined by business."
76561198064996305,Recommended,325610,14520920,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Ulfr™,i wish that the leader of the Huns look more like in the video and its hard to get your troops where you want them in battles.
76561198128395047,Recommended,325610,14521590,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Victoir,"THIS GAME IS GREAT 87.5/100 Stars. It may be a slight bit slow and can crash every 50 turns but it is awesome.Pros:lots of regionsHordes are fun to playchallenginginterestinglots of warfaster and smoother than rome 2more appealing than rome 2faster loading time in between the campaign and battles and inbetweem the main menu and campaignCon'sNO INDIA OR PAKISTAN OR ANY FAR EASTERN PLACESSassanids aren't as powerful as they were in real life(In real life most of the client states were not real, As far as i can tell the lakhmids are the only real ones)Crashes every 50 or so turnsslow loading time in between turnslack of unitsnot all factions can be playedSlightly chuncky(laggy)"
,Recommended,325610,32661331,Posted: 22 June,all,tafoya77n,Best historical total war since Medieval 2.
76561198170082855,Recommended,325610,20653488,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Bogwandi_The_Great,This game is more than worth the money and will consume many of your hours if you are transferring from Total War Rome II with Romes tactics as they will not work so you will have to develop all new tactics as well as hold of the growing threat of the Huns.
,Recommended,325610,35314106,Posted: 29 September,all,Kyrpäjyrä,It would be 5/5 game if the huns would stop random spawning at your provimces and you had an actual way to counter their offensive
,Not Recommended,325610,24110474,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Boink!,"Bought it on sale, and I have some regrets. It's mostly Rome II with some extras, but it's not actually any BETTER than Rome  II. My biggest issue is that naval battles have been rebalanced to be WAY more interesting, but are hella buggy, enough so that you'll probably just autobattle them, and from poking around the forums it seems there's never been any attempt to patch them. Other than that it's an overpriced campaign pack filled out with things that should have been part of Rome II and I feel bad about encouraging CA to continue their awful, awful development method of putting bug fixes in the next game rather than patching anything that isn't game breaking."
,Not Recommended,325610,26359179,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,TheFancyRoman,"I think overall this game is an okay game. Why is this review negative then? Well, it is very simple: I already own Total War: Rome 2 and I can safely say: STAY AWAY FROM THIS GAME. It is horrible. It is not worth buying, heck it was not worth making! This game has the same graphics as Rome 2, okay plot, adds nothing significant to the table and fails on simple things like TEXT. HOW DO YOU MESS UP TEXT!? IT IS THE MOST BASIC THING YOU CAN MAKE. EVEN I KNOW HOW TO WRITE. But anyway, lets disect into this pile of ****:1. The graphics. No effort was made to make them better. The old same, which I already own. NEXT!2. When I said plot, what I ment was this: The plot of the game is that: ""Huns are coming! RUN AWAY!"" Look. I like Roman history. I like the story of the huns coming and running through the villages and forcing people out of their homes to move to the area of the crumbling Roman empire as much as the next guy, but other than that, theres nothing to it. It is the best way to start a game, with your entire country running away from the conquerors and you desperately trying to save yourself, but... okay it is pretty awesome. Move straigh to point 3.3. Nothing new significant is added. Oh look, there is religion! How do you exacly change your religion or can you perceture other religions? Can I get public order bonus from it? (yes). Religion is basically like taking over your enemieses land, the people hate you because you're not one of them. It dosen't play into the game. You don't go around doing religious stuff. It was a missed opportunity.4.  Text. TEXT. Look, most if not all the basic text is okay. Faction, the amount of money you have, what province are you in, what are your armies called etc. But those annotations, I don't know what they're called but you know? Those annotations like ""A faction has been destroyed"" or ""A new javelin man has been created"". You know those? Those. The text is... I can't even describe it. It is... the background is a paper. The paper is wrapped up and shoved up your♥♥♥♥♥and the♥♥♥♥♥♥you and now you have a wringly pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥paper. Take that and slap some ""Font 12 Calibri"" text on it and see how great it looks. MAKE. A. SOLID. BACKGROUND. Don't try to make that paper look ""realistic"" make it readable. I would rather play an historically inaccurate game that I can read rather than a game which I can't.Biggest mistakes of the game:1. DLC. STOP WITH THE DAMN DLC.2. TEXT. MAKE IT MORE READABLE.3. GIVE ME SOMETHING WORTH MY MONEY. Even if you fixed all the other issues, theres stil lone huge problem for me: ITS NOR WORTH MY MONEY. There is nothing new that makes the gave worth my money. Tell me, what significant changes are there to make this game worth buying? This game feels like a mod. A damn mod to Rome 2. It is a shame. I expected more from you CE. Shame on you CE. Shame on you."
76561198038203571,Recommended,325610,20222445,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Skullhead,"If you fancy grand strategy, grab this when it's on sale. Don't get me wrong, I adore this game, but $44.99 is ludicrous. The map is large enough to keep you busy, the higher difficulty settings are challenging but very doable for an experienced player, and multiplayer is an absolute blast in all it's forms. It may not be absolutely historically accurate in some respects, but if that kills the game for you, I'd suggest you either take that bur out of your♥♥♥♥♥or find a new hobby.I actually think the culture packs are a lot of fun (still, wait until they go on sale). As far as unit diversity, most units belonging to different factions within a certain culture are indeed similar, but these are essentially cookie-cutter units required to keep the game balanced and fun. There are still many unique units to play with. And I found the different faction traits to be highly diverse and rewarding towards very different playstyles. As for the campaign packs, I wouldn't say I have buyer's remorse, but I could've done without them. I thought they were pretty lacking, some more than others. I played AoC for like a day and couldn't wait to go back to the Grand Campaign. Just one guy's opinion.So yeah man, I'd say grab it on sale if you dig this kinda thing but otherwise, steer clear. This gem has it's flaws, but that's gaming. I can put together lists of things I can't stand about my favorite games, but hey, I still play the hell out of them. Perfection doesn't exist in this industry and you have to take a game for what it is. But keep in mind, this game has a pretty healthy modding community. The workshop will more than likely have something to tweak that one issue that's been bugging you. Since release, I have yet to encounter any game-breaking bugs or issues. Happy pillaging!"
76561198006782556,Recommended,325610,20817359,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,JiP,Total war rocks
76561198105917073,Recommended,325610,19482011,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Akechuwukuwu,"Great game but just one problem.My brave fleet of just my general set out to raid the Roman trade lines only to be attacked by thirty units, the odds are stacked against him but he has hope. I load in and my general and his men and standing on the air surrounded by oars, they seemed to not notice this fact. I charged him forward and wiped three ships in about 5 minutes and then the boat stops.They swarm me, but dont board me they just trap my ship in the middle of the moshpit.They had no archers in their whole army just spearmen.It was horrible.Some say that same battle would still going on right now.After a while the battle came to a close down my sheer boredom, the mighty romans killed one unit with only 1000 casualties."
76561198266803331,Recommended,325610,25999289,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,faisal-707,very good game
76561198035130011,Recommended,325610,34888328,Posted: 11 September,all,Phalange,"This is a good game but it is a hard one to review.If you want to play the campain you have to know that this game is HARD and not in a good way. The reason why you lose on the campaign is not always obvious.There are some things this games does very very well, if it does look appealing to you just take it the battles really looks realistic and epic AF. This is definitely a very high end game with great qualities but 45$ is expensive knowing it dates from 2015 and if to that you have to add the DLC just skip it and go for the earlier game called TOTAL WAR ROME 2. Will be cheaper and about the same quality."
76561198010393391,Recommended,325610,14639193,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Trin,"Much improved over Rome II, A lot of things are near the same, but the story and game play is Vastly improved. Battles arent the same, you have to actually strategize some, or have a part of enemy army sneak up your♥♥♥♥♥ Having a lot of fun."
76561198002308919,Not Recommended,325610,14870061,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Gorgeous_Joe,"Games as any good psychologist are an excellent way to relax and unwind to escape the stress of real life etc etc etc......Rome 2 was very much the relax in the bath while listening to your favourite easy listening CD of choice for most seasoned Total War fans even on 'Legendary' settings......Battle line....hold......flank and oh wait they are running already and onto the next civilization to crush beneath your sandals. For me it became more of an Empire building strategy simulation which is all very relaxing.Attila is very much more like slipping on a pair of boxing gloves and working out your pent up frustrations on a heavy bag at the end of a long stressful week. It is overwhelmingly unbalanced but that is not an oversight or mistake by the production team it is exactly how it is meant to be. Playing as any one of the European Tribes is very much a stroll in the park picking your opponents carefully and building up slowly.......you know the routine you have played Rome 2.The Huns are just so much fun to play and having an entire army of horse archers; well you can see why the huns were so devastating to the enemy in real life and I wondered why the maps were so big too until I played as the huns. Its a bit like cowboys and indians with the old wagon trick but shields only face one way so with huns all around thats a lot of dead barbarians in the middle made to look like oversized pin cushions.Then there are the Eastern Empires and things are so easy for them its like childs play and I honestly didnt play too long with them about 60 turns as I became bored; it was Rome 2 on Easy.The real fun to this game is when playing as either the western or eastern half of the Roman Empire. I played first as the West and watched as 'MY' Empire and it felt like my empire having just come from Rome 2 was being destroyed by Raging treacherous barbarian scum and I fought one Valiant defeat after another watching my provinces slowly slip away from me and slowly plotting my revenge on every last one of them. (FYI the A.I when it plays as either west or east Rome is terrible) You are quite literally crippled by the province corruption that the west suffers and the huge penalty to happyness you get from immigration; it is very doom and gloom at the start and at first I was simply thinking playing as the Romans is just slow losing game but then you notice that the immigration actually gives you money and the smaller your empire shrinks the less corruption you have......more money. So retreating to the Italian peninsula I dug in and made my stand; playing out every impossible valiant defeat in real time and making the barbarian scum pay for every town taken in knee deep blood. When you have six troop cards against two barbarian armies, yes they usually send two whole armies against even villages, and you almost win it is so satisfying but when you actually get that Heroic Victory its a feeling of ""BRING IT ON M*****F******S!"" but then they do with two more fresh armies and whats left of your small garrison is massacred......which leads you back to the whole revenge plotting mentality again.So several turns in and Britain is well.....not under my control anymore put it that way....France....Belgium....Germany.....all gone....the East overrun just the Alps between the storm and my heartland which was now fortified but spain is slowly rebelling and the Afrikan tribes have just declared war upon me.....surely the Eastern Empire will aid me......my diplomat informs me they have broken off their alliance I am on my own.From here on it just becomes a war of attrition and ruthless action against your foes; fast forward many more turns and the Afrikan tribes are subdued their territories mine as far as Egypt as the careless Eastern Empire let it rebel. Spain has all but been retaken and the Barbarians pushed back to Northern France; I breath a sigh of relief as things are finally starting to go my way when the Huns appear at the Passway into the Alps and my hearland. Its about now I regretted playing on Legendary and not having that save option......but its here that decided that game really for me anyway. Attila himself with six armies against my four with a ragtag mercenary army to boot as well. Epic doesnt really begin to describe the scope and sometimes desperation of the ensuing battles which were won sometimes down to the last legion. Many turns on......in fact sometime around 435 I believe......Britain is once again mine.....Europe in fact is under my dominion once more and Attila who wouldnt die no matter how many times my champion achieved a critical assisination attempt on him has been scattered to the wind; Babylon has fallen and the East kneels before me.......satisfaction like this you can as it turns out pay for.Having read a lot of the negative reviews I am often baffled by how many people just do not understand the game mechanics; it all works as it should.To those of you who are having game performance issues......I have an AMD 7800 which is a good few years old now and the game runs on max settings mostly flawlessley.....I suggest you replace your mice powered grapics card and quit whining or play chess with a friend.If you are complaining about the agents in this game then go play Rome 2 and come back to this you will soon stop complaining. I have had no issues and the agents are as they should be in the back ground of everything an amusing curiosity and not a game breaker like they could be in Rome 2Fertility.......yes it goes down to reflect the population explosion....the cold....war.....the lack of fertile ground being farmed etc etc. It forces you to be smart and there are buildings to resolve all food shortages and wonders to help too.....if you are having a problem long term with food issues then you need help with your grand strategy or maybe go play chess its where the greats all started. Turn 435 1200+ food surplus no issuesSettlement razing........its the only way for the hun to exist.......if you cant cope with this then you really shouldnt play this game; it is expensive to repopulate as the romans but not so much as one of the migrating tribes....if you dont like devastated lands either play as a tribe or learn to fight like a roman legion and winNot to harp on again about people not understanding the game but the whole imperium penalty and diplomacy penalty thing is spot on......playing as the eastern roman empire and having a -120 penalty with a tribe as they feel oppressed just made me laugh then kill that leader until one came along who was not feeling so oppressed and more admiring of strong empires....its all there but people just cant be bothered to play the game......and before someone asks how you kill another empires king.....well this is TOTAL WAR....so either corner him on the battlefield and butcher him like the dog he is or send out your champion with a very sharp pointy stick to drive home the issue with him.The whole family tree is nice and balancing the whole power....control just adds another ball to juggle.......the traits were broken but fixed now i think.Not sure why people are complaining about the rosters.......probably been playing Rome 2 with its millions of workshop add ons which im sure will come in time with ATTILA but there are more than enough units when you factor in all the ones you can levy from client states and friendly tribes wandering through your lands.....make peace with the huns and you can even have theirs too.Everybody really complains about the add on pack rip off........but lets look at what they allow the modding community to do and thats all free from some very dedicated hard working individuals. Yes its a cash cow for CA&SEGA but compared to some other hobbies this one is very cheap in comparision for the hours back it gives youI'm just looking forward to Medieval 3 and the expansion pack the crusades.........."
,Recommended,325610,22463582,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,The Trumpster,"I dont understand why this game gets so many downvotes.Yes the dlcs are annoying and there arent many playable factions in the basegame, but dlcs are a problem for many games and not only attila. Even with the few basic factions you can have a lot of fun. In a sale the other factions only cost a couple of euros so its not that big a deal.The gameplay really evolved, the new mechanics squalor and changing fertility really mess up the ""standard"" city designs. This forces you to develop unique building strategies for each province, you can not just have military and food provinces, you have to mix the buildings. Razing provinces and the wandering tribes add to the more dynamic gameplay.In the end it feels like an improved rome 2. It has its strengths but fewers flaws."
,Recommended,325610,20834311,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,MeGiant,"A few notes to people voting this game down because of DLC:- Without DLC this is a finished game. You don't NEED to own EVERYTHING from this game.- If you've exhausted the vanilla cultures you've played A LOT. You can buy ONE culture pack and play 100 hours again.- I only agree that blood and burning should be included with vanilla. But on sale it's 80 cents more, so hey.My point is: it's your CHOICE if you want to have all DLC cultures. You don't have to. You can do without. And if you are a really big fan of a certain DLC culture its 7,50 and less in sale, so not the end of the world.ON TO THE ACTUAL GAMEYes, there are new features (or rather features built upon Total Ware: Rome: Barbarian Invasion). Factions can migrate, you can build buildings in your horde, your mission goals are more specific per faction. There are Huns. I feel that is well done. But I have to compare this to Rome II now.After playing a lot of Rome II and feeling disappointed, this is a relief of a game. It feels like they finished Rome II and then moved time forwards a few hundred years. In other words, this feels like a finished game.To sum up some points why it's better then Rome II:- Interface looks beautiful compared to Rome II's sterile windows. Unit cards have units on them instead of the vase paintings (a question of taste, but I don't know anyone who liked those). Moving portraits look a lot less pixelated (same settings!).- Interface is also better organized: scrolls are back. There is a window for general details, for example. Not everything has to be managed from the interface at the bottom of the screen.- Politics are much more polished and you feel like it's a working part of the game- Building system is largely the same, but bonuses are slightly simplified, not a lot. It is however easier to get an overview of what is going on in tows because of the better interface.- Skill system for generals and armies is simplified but works so much better. With a skill tree you at least know what you are doing and what your goals are.- Campaign map: on the same settings as Rome II it looks much better. It's textured in a better way and the trees look nicer, making it look more detailed and a real earth surface.- Better map tools: diplomacy map has more features, there's a strategic map with lots of filters, also in battle the strategic map is great.- In battle unit flags are no more, now there are square indicators. But lets be honest: the flags didn't look like flags they acutally carried, so no realism lost there.This list is a bit random I know. In short this game feels much more polished and finished than it's predecessor. I did play Rome II a lot and to say I didn't like it is a lie. But there were frustrations and I felt I needed mods.With thisI have a bit of a wow feeling again for a Total War game. Not playing with mods this is just a great experience to play. I can focus on the different cultures and how to win instead of on the flaws of the game. So a big thumbs up from me."
,Recommended,325610,18713809,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,QRP,10/10
76561198050807294,Recommended,325610,26070837,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Celtic Warrior,much better than rome 2
76561198012385048,Recommended,325610,17213307,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,BFVETERAN77,"Attila is one of the Total War games that could have been better. Its not a bad game, but compared to Rome II it could of been better. Attila is more like a DLC than a full game and thats one of its biggest problems. It lacks content and replay value! I still recommend Attila to Total War veterans and new players to the series because it offers some cool new features. However, it is not very well optimised and suffers from major FPS drops. In the end the game is overall a okay RTS game. 7/10"
76561198122043669,Recommended,325610,19703113,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Gilgameskills,YAY ROLL BACK TO PREVIOUS PATCHES THAT I LIKE
76561198005472905,Recommended,325610,24120358,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,GuessMDK,not as good as TW:WARHAMMER. but its ok. its fun to get 5 units of elite roman infantry and hold out against 3000 barbarians with axes.
76561198142790065,Recommended,325610,14588442,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Mr Green,This game saves the total war series and is great fun! Also by the way there are finally civilians in the cities which is amazing.
76561198055023194,Recommended,325610,14511608,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,HellaSack,This game is way better then Rome 2.
,Recommended,325610,17852210,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,SHARKE BYTE,"It's okay to be an enemy, yes.Not all enemies are bad people and not all allies are good people.This is what the diplomacy in Total War Attila will teach you."
76561198107958880,Not Recommended,325610,14807255,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Sigurd,"Ob das Spiel gut ist, oder nicht kann ich nicht beurteilen, da ich es noch nicht anfangen konnte, weil bei der Kampagne schwarze Pixel auftauchen, die sich über den ganzen Bildschirm ausbreiten. Das ist aber noch nicht alles, bei ener eigenen Schlacht wollte ich Einheiten testen, folgendes ist schwarzer Nebel: Feuer und Staub. Von anderen habe ich erfahren, dass das Spiel super ist und die 50 Euro gerechtfertigt sind, bei mir jedoch nicht, daher Daumen runter."
76561197980713468,Not Recommended,325610,14532939,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,TyrOfZolong,Can't tell if this game is great or not. Another DOA Total War Title. I have spent several hours trying to just get this game to work. Hasn't launched successfully yet. Buy at your own risk.
,Not Recommended,325610,29346574,Posted: 18 January,all,Floki,who makes a war game and makes you pay for blood like wtf man thats the best part
76561197993059976,Recommended,325610,14917351,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,[MG] Don Karlos,Best game ever!!!!!!!!!
76561198117751312,Not Recommended,325610,14720148,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Philip II Of Makedon,Poorly optimized.
76561198104012579,Not Recommended,325610,14519522,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,mrkopitiam,Game crashed after first few turns. Kindly fix the bugs causing this.
76561198043485831,Not Recommended,325610,14523275,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,ZORGOTH!!,"This game is honestly amazing. Have been a fan since the first total war, however, there are many many bugs especially when playing on a brand new mac book. It takes nearly 6 minutes to wait for all other factions to process their turns and after an error crashed my game every time since that I try to start the game up it crashes immediatly. Even after reinstalling and checking the integrity of the game cache. Overall great new additions but needs to be updated for bugs!"
76561198006929488,Not Recommended,325610,14587775,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Bitterpants,"This release in the tw series focuses on things I dont want. I dont care about seeing the faces and uniforms of the individual soldiers in my army in a battle. I want them to function properly. They dont do that. It is a very pretty game with lots of movie cut scenes and if thats what you want to watch this could be the game for you. The faction system is broken in a way that allows the computer ai to blatantly cheat. They get more money than you, they all team up on you, they seem to know where your armies are even without scouts, and they dont suffer casualties from terrains or weather. This is all in the easiest mode by the way so dont think there is an easy answer that lets you explore the game. It seems to be focused on appealing to customers who want an online game with incredibly hard ai opponents. I am of the belief that easy should be easy. it should be so easy any idiot who has never played the game could stumble through it and be able to explore the new game they purchased. That is not the case here. If you have never played a tw game before this is not the game for you. If you have played a tw game before this still might not be the game for you if you care more for substance than appearance."
76561198006572736,Not Recommended,325610,22900742,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,DirtyDorito,"No, No, No and No. This game is stupid beyond belief, that even as a devote total war fan, I am consistantly enraged by the sheer stupidity of this game.-Want actual diplomatic options? Sucks cuz that town you fought vailently to liberate as a puppet state, well guess again, you only have the option to have them as a military ally that hates you. They will attack you, again, once their armies are replenished.-Have a non-aggression pack with an old trade ally? Yep thats them randomly declaring war. Oh and your puppet states have now rebelled against you-Well at least you have a real war on your hands now? Nope, all the Ai recruits are tier one units like militias-Well don't the Huns have horrendous armies? All pre-made and randomly spawning. Yep those are Huns using huge ongars will you as the romans can't even wield them yet. Have fun chasing horse cavalry-Have a rebellion? It makes sense they can recruit units well beyond your tech right?-Unit divesity? Ha! Ha! Thank Science for mods.-Interesting Historical events? There's one per faction, if you've paid for those dlc factions of course-Cool Battles right? The Warscape Engine is not suited for Total War melee combat in any way shape and form. Ranged warfare is sick though-Custom castles like the ones MODDERS HAVE ADDED TO OLDER GAMES?! NO. NO. NO. AND NO, That would require real thinking and work on CA's part-Head to head campaign? In the Age of Charglemne Dlc it is literally hard coded that the game ends before you can have any any sort of kingdom. HARDCODED, HARD-CODED. HOW STUPID ARE YOU CA??It becomes blatantly apparent from the direction and quality that this game has taken, that it is managed by utter morons. I know our best and brightest don't go into video game design. That being said they have retained some amazing artists that truly brought out the feel and look of ancient civilizations on the battlefield. I only wish that AoC retained that same artist(s) to do the cities of the dark ages but sadly were left with lazy roman re-used models.Its like they've seen all the amazing mods that have supported total war throught the years (Stainless Steel, Third age, Darth, Warhammer) and said ""Well we see what fans want and that they actively create: more historical dialouge and events, a deeper gameplay, expanded family tree, huge diverse roosters, but go ♥♥♥♥ yourself, we're only going to cater to 12 year old morons who like shiny battles and easy campgns""."
76561197995706862,Not Recommended,325610,16710773,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,HazardHawk,"If you want to enjoy Total War, go all the way back to Rome or Medieval 2.Atilla takes between 30 and 90 seconds to cycle turns so be prepared to learn just how long seconds are in life if you go with it!Also, building placards all basically look the same so it takes time to get through the confusion of figuring out how each ""like"" picture is the same or different. The campaign map is a blur of too similar colors without very much in the way of definition and where CA decided to try 4 turns per year, they slugged the game into a snail pace anyways.My sugesstion is if you must play, read a book at the same time and you will finish a novel before you finish a game!"
76561197983901717,Not Recommended,325610,14523987,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,BCN10,"never wrote a review but my game is broken. i was able to play for a few minutes before my computer overheated and turned off (like when rome 2 came out) so i went to option to turn the graphics down and using the scroll i simply lowered the graphics. it did not ask if i wanted to keep settings, but after about 15 seconds it changed and the screen turned black. now whenever i boot the game my screen is black, i can only see my mouse cursor and hear music. I also tried uninstalling and reinstalling but it didnt work. pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off considering ive been a total war fan for a long time. but right now i wasted my money.get at me Sega or Steam. this needs to be resolved.EDIT*got it let me see the menu (changing settings in nvidia experience) and start a campaign but after about 5 min of playing the screen flickers out black and then becomes unplayable and must be alt f4ed.still broken :("
,Recommended,325610,14658887,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,-⑨- Fluo,"Could go into an essay but ito sum it up, it's really good. Well polished and bug free (atleast for me)."
76561197985427475,Not Recommended,325610,14523500,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Kamikawzie~Rawzie,freezes instantly for me. bummer.
76561198121394997,Recommended,325610,25420039,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,taco919689,bareley played
76561198029795298,Not Recommended,325610,14744175,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,TheBigLebowski,"This game, much like every TW game since M2 is just flat out garbage, CA and Sega should be ashamed of themselves for ruining what used to be one of the greatest gaming franchise's ever. The list of problems is so long I don't even want to waste my time putting them all in this review, but the worst is the fact that only certain settlements can have walls, and buildings are restricted by limitations that are unrealistic, which is just absolutely mind boggling to say the least, I have no idea why they think I couldn't have 15 different buildings built in 1 city, the building in M2 was absolutely perfect, and they even ruined that, stay away and just wait for the next great strategy game to come out, it won't be long before some other company realizes, and takes advantage of the millions of TW fans waiting for a game like Rome 1, M2, etc. This current group can't make a good game, they just aren't capable or don't care to, it's just the way it is, very sad indeed."
76561197986641007,Not Recommended,325610,14739569,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,nosmaclear,"-Creative Assembly has figured out how to farm gamers for money. They now develop a game and sell part of it at full price. Then, when you get bored with the slim content available you buy the rest of the game at $8 per portion. If you want to play a CA game will full options provided at release, stick to the older titles."
76561198187588406,Not Recommended,325610,23939011,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Assassin,"Not recommend at all, everything is DLC, for me its the worst in the series."
76561198123296380,Not Recommended,325610,20921543,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Waffle is Bob Ross,"Complete garbage of a game. A few new and cool features, but in every other aspect it's way worse than Rome 2. CA redeemed themselves with Rome 2 quite a bit. Attila is just♥♥♥♥♥♥ don't buy it if you haven't...."
,Recommended,325610,14574087,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Kor,"Pretty much an awfully blatant improvement over it's predecessor. The game picks up and fixes most of where Rome 2 failed, and in many places even excels.Probably the best TW i've played."
76561197978374479,Recommended,325610,15109719,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,EP_Dexter850,alot better then rome 2 but still can be buggy
76561198079691707,Not Recommended,325610,32752593,Posted: 24 June,all,dabarq,"Pros-got it for 75% off on a steam summer salecons-Watered down total war game-battles finish way to fast(40 minutes with Total war, 8 minutes with this game)-confusing as hell settlement system(why spread everying across the screen with hard to find buttons that are hidden within all the useless fluff that makes the screen ""pretty"")-no guard mode for your troops so they run off after everything instead of staying put(if it is there hidden away with lots of random crap, let me know, cause I couldn't find it.)-Terrible DLC practice-one can do everything in this game with the $10 expansion in Total war without having to buy the rest of the factions for 5 bucks each.Could go on for another hour but I have better things to do(like play shogun 2 with mods) then review this game."
,Not Recommended,325610,16772835,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,VikingHawk,1/10Denmark. Area = 1 square kilometer. 2 NATIONS (3 with dlc)Norway. Area = over 9000 square kilometers. 0 NATIONS (0 with dlc)FAK DIS GAEM
76561198009386193,Not Recommended,325610,18039355,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,weliveforhim,Im tired of having to spend 100s of dollars just to be able to play game features that should have already been free to those that bought the original game i mean come on Total War you guys are bleeding your fans dry here how do you expect us to buy new games you come out with.Besides that the graphics were fine but wasnt much variety for unit choices.So i would have to not recomend this game.
76561198064960268,Not Recommended,325610,14518867,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,◘Zigioz,"I don't want to bad mouth the game at all, it seems good for Total War fans. Just want to put it out there that Rome II was my favorite Total War game, and Attila does not appeal to me. I played Total War before Rome II and they were fun but Rome II really hit it out of the ball park for me specifically, it's my most played video game ever. So to be clear, they've added a lot of cool stuff and made changes to probably appeal to fans of Total War before Rome II/Shogun, and just saying Attila may not be a step up for you if Rome II was also your favorite. I just wish I hadn't preordered the game now, or waited to play a demo first, and not because of the game being bad at all or anything, it's just not enjoyable for me as a big fan of Rome II's battles and game design.The cartoony-ness and troops feeling like they're jello on the battlefield killed it for me. But like I said, I'm sure this is a very enjoyable game for most fans of Total War before Rome II. This is more just a warning that if you indeed enjoyed Rome II the most, especially the online (pvp) battles, this may not be the game for you."
76561198068803403,Not Recommended,325610,14527533,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,FreeWilli,I like to play as rome. Almost impossible to though because a new rebellion happens like every turn. Peoples stupid religion decides to change for no reason which makes it worse. Why give rome all those settlements if you know were just going to abandon all of them right away? I get that rome is OP and you guys wanted to make it more challenging but I think you overdid it a little bit.Also diseases spread in Attila worse then in a low budget porn shoot. The rest of the game is great except for the performance which is♥♥♥♥♥♥ And if you going to have a shieldwall ability then the units should probably look like there making a shieldwall. :)
76561198105819545,Not Recommended,325610,30086628,Posted: 21 February,all,cageychunk,"Yet another garbage game by C.A. way to go CA, you're just garbage now"
76561198000932902,Not Recommended,325610,14614435,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Red Dawn,"DO NOT BUY, UNLESS YOU'RE WILLING TO KEEP PAYING SEGA AND CA FOR CONTENTJust a week after release, they decide to release yet another DLC. The second one, since release. You only get half the game for 40 euro, so be awere - you'll have to pay yet another 15 euros to get the rest of the content, that should be in the game at release.That said, amazing game - Love raiding the damned British people, or turn Rome to a pile of ashes with my armies.Combat has gotten alot of fun, and seem alot more dynamic. Theres alot of micro mangement, and you always gotta keep an eye on your cavelry and flanks now - which is awesome!The campain map is at times dull, but the diffculity of the game is awesome! I usely play at very hard or legendary, but had to play at hard, just to survive the first 50 turns. If you don't watch your back, thoose damn vikings are gonna tear your empire apart and sail away, before you can even turn your armies around!I would have rated this game with a positive review, if it hadn't been for CA and Sega's buisness strategy. Forcing people to pay 40 euros for a game is fair. But it's not fair if you release 2 DLC's within a week of release, for ""Just another 15 euro"". I would gladly have payed 55 euros for this game, if i knew that i would get the entire game! But these sneaky releases are just some bull, to force every fan out there to spend more money! That is the reason why I'm not giving a positive review."
76561198200645466,Recommended,325610,21693077,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,rabbin is gone this is aydin,just ended the first turn in the western roman empire campaign
76561198007275891,Not Recommended,325610,14729822,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,jeffindenver2002,"Balance is really poor. For example, the cheapest unit in the game, Slingers, will wreck your army with ease. Wait until they patch the game and put it on sale. Normally, I love TW games but this I quit in disgust after a few turns before the next time I try."
76561198139209723,Not Recommended,325610,16998133,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Wali,"Its fun, but no variety. All the factions have the same units. Not worth buying honestly."
76561198025828167,Recommended,325610,14968714,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,The Powerful God Wololo,"Honestly, Total War: ATTILA is an huge improvement from Rome 2. But, there are some things that CA abuses to much (dlc). Otherwise, i would totaly recommende this game to everyone that is interested in to the total war franchise."
76561198043064916,Not Recommended,325610,16587097,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Gygax's Chosen,pathetic money whoring excuse for a once great franchise
76561197999297518,Not Recommended,325610,16709679,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,entropyjones,To many dlc's.. Also what the crap is with a blood and burning pack?! That is supposed to be an option I turn on or off not something extra I should have to pay for...Im really glad I didn't buy this game and am only playing it for free on steam for this weekend. It would have really made me mad to see how few factions were available to play. And then of course comes the culture dlc's.I love the total war series but CA and Sega's business model makes me hate myself when I buy their products. I feel like a junky getting slapped around by a heroin dealer. I need help.I won't be buying this when the free time wears off. Not until everything is on sale for a nice low price. Especially the campaigns. I still don't have all the campaigns for rome II and of course I won't now. I doubt I'll end up with all the campaigns to atilla either.
76561198053712085,Not Recommended,325610,16709893,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,bluetoothtoothbrush,Game is nice if you want to play at 25 fps with a high end computer
,Not Recommended,325610,19374862,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,The Soviet Ukrainian,"Save your money and go buy Shogun or if your in to Europe w/ guns Napoleon or Empire. If you want navl combat, guns: Napoleon, no guns: Rome. Like mechanics? Go for Shogun. Only want industrialized warfare? Shogun FOTS. Melee combat your thing? Rome 2 for good graphics and decent combat. All you want are great melee mechanics? Medieval 2. Want a healthy mix of guns and melee? Shogun. Want that old nostalgia? Shogun 1 or Medieval 1 (both of these are great btw). Victorian era your life? Empire. Are you thinking of making love to Justinian and the Byzantines? Medieval 2. Want a real change of pace? Rome Alexander or Barbarian Invasion. You love playing one of the best games that ever graced the face of this planet? Rome 1 (personal fav). You want to play the decline of the Roman Empires? Rome Barbarian Invasion. Come up with any question I can give you a better one for a significantly reduced price and 1/4 the DLCs. I'm ashamed to have spent money on this game."
,Recommended,325610,15260804,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Stelios,Great game for total war fans!
,Not Recommended,325610,16772100,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,The Bamboozler,;asklhjl;kwjflo;ajl;fkjawl;kj;lakwhjfo;iuanflkaj/ijaw
76561198014167092,Not Recommended,325610,14544340,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,RogerTheCabinBoy,"Haven't even been able to play yet, Like many others, the game crashes on the opening screen. Had high hopes for this, will be the last time I pre-order/buy a TW game on the opening day. If you're planning on getting it, I would wait a couple weeks, at least til all the problems are fixed."
76561198048765792,Not Recommended,325610,28884318,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,[OG] RawDog VI,"Pain in the♥♥♥♥♥with micromanagement and factors outside your control that screw up your game.When the enemy know what he is doing it gets difficult, when the game is rigged is just frustrating.Long fan or total war games but after rome II they simply dont get it anymore"
,Recommended,325610,16702297,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Adumbrated Marsupial,This game is amazing... do you know why?BECAUSE ITS A BATGAME!!!!... and because I'm Batman.
76561198035774007,Not Recommended,325610,33096244,Posted: 1 July,all,Senpai Stirner,"*DUN!* *DUN!* *DUN!*Get used to that sound, because you NEED to have your ears blown out for every start-of-turn notification.Attila tries to blur the lines between Total War and Civilization games, thus resulting in a product which appeals to neither demographic. This title is devoid of everything which makes Total War games great. This would be bad enough, but it's also one of the buggiest games I've ever played."
,Not Recommended,325610,18070692,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Flick,DLC central.
76561198064777267,Not Recommended,325610,34756701,Posted: 5 September,all,lucky241608,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing broken! The economy, the balance between units, the cost for buildings, the accessibility to sanitation. Tip : stick to Rome 2 guys, way better!"
76561198084723427,Recommended,325610,14570510,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,StarNate,"VERY good, the release is nice and smooth. guess ya got to work the kinks out of poor Rome2(which i loved as well, but, it is a rough love at times). So far only been doing the ERE(Eastern Roman Empire) and been great!"
,Recommended,325610,14512546,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Lacari,"Isn't a♥♥♥♥♥♥up like Rome II for tl;drThe game runs extremely well on my setup, I have not experienced any lag nor game-ruining bugs or glitches, solid framerate without any stutter.The visuals are stunning, they've presented a much more prettier, saturated look. As far as balancing goes, I am impressed, currently playing the Eastern Roman Empire and I am enjoying it very much, factions are very nicely placed. Regarding factions, there are many to select, each with their own special style and faction traits that cater to many people's favoured playstyles.Highly recommend."
76561198010578301,Not Recommended,325610,14550778,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,LordFreezerBurn,Please fix the logo screen game crash - I can't even play this game because of this crash which happens even when I update my GPU and CPU drives 40 times a day. Funny thing is it counts my wait time. 12 hours in game and have not even played a single minute of it. As an old gaurd fan who has been with Total War since the 1st game all I have to say is this is a SHAMEFUL DISPLAY!
,Not Recommended,325610,14539373,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,100 Shots. 10 Racks a Week,What a waste of my time and money. i have been waiting for this game to comeout for months now sence it was first brought to my attention laste last year. i just bought it. i cant advance past the first screen. tecch support hasnt responded. nor has anyone contacted me with a fix for the issue. i would love to experince this game first hand and give it a stong review. but untill this is fixed0/10i7GTX 5558Gb Video4Gb CPU
76561197985844662,Not Recommended,325610,14729123,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Βασιλεία Ῥωμαίω,"Meh, more of the same.  After Rome and giving this a chance I think I am done with CA for awhile.1.  Quality has done down over the years.  Intro skippy, ""max"" graphics.   Going from Blizzard style quality to JWood...2.  Rehased engine/time period.  Gives the impression, since this is a standalone game, that CA is trying to recoop as much potiential profit as feasable.  This really seemed more like an ""old school"" x pack for 20/25$s vs another release.  I can see the other side of the coin though.Hold off until it on a 50% off sale."
76561198007282868,Recommended,325610,14536881,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,[Army of Two] AXIS,"Basically everything I wanted from Rome II and a more dynamic campaign. Playing as the Western Roman Empire is a fight for each breath. I have defeated the Suebi tribe who traversed Gaul, I responded quickly to the north defeating the Vandals after a major battle, I am cutting in military budget, paying off the Franks to fight the Saxons. I am doing all I can, lowering taxes, building churches to ease the peoples nerves. Money is starting to pour in again, finally the Western Roman Empire is showing signs of recovery... Then the Ostrogoths came, unwillingly, cause Attila was at their heels.All roads leads to Rome."
76561198040373445,Not Recommended,325610,14688442,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Mr Salt,"Let me start with this is a big step up from rome 2, in general its a decent game. gameplay wise my only hate is that half of the map gets burnt away to nothing fairly quickly :P . My biggest hate which includes the recent total war games is the fact that they have become dlc money ♥♥♥♥♥s :( you have to continuasly pay for new factions where as in the older total wars you unlocked them by just playing. Another although not as serious is having to pay for a blood and gore pack :/ they are trying to get you to basically buy every bit of the game until you end up paying twice what you paid for the game"
76561198014142824,Not Recommended,325610,14572327,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,dude,"I have the latest Mac 5K Retina 4GHz i7 8GB 1600 MHz DDR3 AMD Radeon R9 M290X 2048 MB and it crashes on me everytime in the middle of a game, and it forces my computer to restart on its own... DO NOT BUY IF YOU HAVE THESE SPECS!"
,Recommended,325610,22865329,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,DjBrumleBass,Oke
,Recommended,325610,15021217,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,big kato,"Vastly improved from ROME II in terms of campaign gameplay, battle mechanics and cool new features like razing settlements. Also improved family and political system where you have to think about the political landscape within your faction as much as your political standing amongst other factions.Highly recommended for Total War fans"
,Recommended,325610,14722562,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,legiT ッ Trade-Skins.com,"super heavy overpriced dlc 10/10, i really miss some death animations :/"
76561198008528920,Recommended,325610,15022166,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Arntsen,"So, Total War: Attila, first impressions, the turn based part looks good, glad to see that they've put in the family trees from the older games and that you actually can use your family members, including the women albeit just for political ""missions"" but you can at least use them. Haven't played much yet, but the diplomacy seems to actually work this time around, one nice feature is that the factionleaders personalities has an effect. All in all I'm happy with this, though I sort of miss the movie sequences when using spies.And battles, HOLY ♥♥♥♥, first battle I played was just complete chaos, men (and women I discovered) running around shouting, fighting, arrows everywhere, spears everywhere and the AI actually tries to flank me, not in the predictable all the other games way, but actually flanking and almost beating the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me.Second battle, this time my small reconisance force gets attacked by a much larger force (didn't have any spies yet) I decide to hide atop a hill in the middle of a forrest, placing spearmen, where I want the enemy to go, placing my general close to them, placing archers a bit further up the hill using flaming arrows, then I send my (only) cavalery unit to set the trap, it works a placement of the enemy army charges after my horses who hide in the woods and with the enemy in range I let my archers loose, and HOLY ♥♥♥♥ AGAIN! FLAMES EVERYWHERE, NOONE TOLD ME YOU COULD SET FORRESTS ON FIRE, ABOUT ♥♥♥♥ING TIME!Later on I discovered the joy in setting cities ablaze, and boats, so many boats.In conclusion;Are you a fan? Who am I kidding, you allready got this.Did you even remotely like any of the other Total Was games? Buy this!Do you enjoy strategy games? Buy this!You don't like strategy games? You've gotten it all wrong, the games are fine, it's you that aren't right in the head, buy this!"
76561198030762449,Not Recommended,325610,14720642,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,ichi_san,"Its a fun game if you like TW, and while it has a lot of features that Rome2 should have had it also has some interesting complexity and depth.But it gets a NO vote for a greedy DLC strategy and for being what R2 should have been.I haven't had issues with bugs or poor performance playing the campaign, and I don't like that they have placed arbitrary limits on army formation (generals limited by Imperium) and buildings (very few building slots per town).But I have to say that the depth and complexity of some systems (family, politics, Control) is an improvementStill, crappy player-soaking DLC gets no $$ from me, and the review gets a NO"
,Not Recommended,325610,20590600,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,foxclan,it is looking old and needs a new look.
76561198032585475,Not Recommended,325610,20563944,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,DyNoahmite,"Better than Rome 2 in some aspects, worse in others. All in all it's the same game sold twice, slightly modded. A lot of mechanics still broken, units don't obey orders and so on. Too much to list, but the game is still playable in some respects. It's a total war, but no where near the old titles. Medieval 2 is still a better, more stable and in some areas prettier game than Rome2/Attila even though it's over 10 years older."
76561198018768221,Not Recommended,325610,14739179,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,calvin,It runs smooth as butter the Ai is smart and the campaign map is incredible running a smooth 60 fps on my R9 280x. on top of that it feels like a complete game without DLC. total war shogun 2 is a well optimized game worth every cent. Attila is just another un optimized mess  just like Rome 2. 5 fps on the campaign map and nearly 30 fps in game.....I should not have to spend $500 on a GPU to get a stable 30 fps. Save your money stop trusting CA.
,Not Recommended,325610,16947301,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,humanvegetableonline2002,Desync: Total PeaceTotal War DLC: $42
,Not Recommended,325610,14738659,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,SurfnBird,Seems like what Rome 2 shoulda have been the first go around takes a lot of time between turns to move all the other AI controled countries.  Two DLC withing a few weeks of launch is BS. AI is way to over powered dosnt even make since they have full stacks of heavy inf and what not with one city under its control 3 turns into the game. Im a huge fan of the Total war games which is why i bought this one. Unless the next title just blows me away I think I'll have to pass on that title
76561198006579385,Not Recommended,325610,16446416,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Acularius,I woulldn't recommend this game for the same reasons I wouldn't recommend Rome Total War 2.
76561198013249424,Recommended,325610,16963045,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,ClaytownUSA,While I do not support the DLC wave from CA I do think that Attila is a very good total war game. I have already enjoyed it more than I did Rome 2 and it should definently be picked up if on sale or otherwise.
76561198272151864,Not Recommended,325610,27751015,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SpecificDolphin,"pays 45 bucks for it, following day its only 11 bucks, i cry everytime.."
76561198004984117,Recommended,325610,14596447,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Atlas2009,Far better than rome total war 2.
76561198029595136,Not Recommended,325610,18307754,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,jordanmcerlean,"The gameplay itself is quite good but what lets down this game is the fact that AI turns take approx 5-10 minutes to complete.  This is really frustrating when you are waiting multiple turns to grow economically or build new buildings.  if there was a skip AI turns option, it would be a great game."
76561197979961681,Not Recommended,325610,33873330,Posted: 28 July,all,HexeR,"This game looks slightly worse than Rome 2, but somehow manages to run even worse.  The 55-60 FPS you managed to get in Rome 2?  Yea, reduce that by about half if you're lucky.  I was able to just get by with running it on average at 1920 x 1080 resolution and get 28 FPS with a 1050 ti and an i5 6400.  That should not happen.  To make matters worse, for some reason, when you launch it through the Rome 2 launch app, it gives a 6-7 increase in average FPS.Add on top of this the identical gameplay of Rome 2, and you see very little has changed in terms of battle-level tactics or strategy, save for the over-powered BS of crossbows, along with the broken siege AI (when they were defending, the AI managed to seal themselves all off in the harbor with a wall...a wall facing them, so when I took the city, I merely lined up my crossbowmen along it and slowly but surely killed every single unit....), and the unnecessarily long turn times and you have a game that's a step back in both design and execution than the previous one."
76561198020837220,Recommended,325610,14643181,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Mike_Bravo,Great game but needs Steam Wrokshop
,Recommended,325610,14670337,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Maubog,"Good game but honestly CA....Day 1 DLC for 3 factions THAT SHOULD ALREADY BE IN THE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME FOR FREE and now a NEW DLC for ANOTHER 3 FACTIONS!? WHAT THE ACTUAL ♥♥♥♥. CA you are scumbags, I like your games but you guys are digging your own grave just like every other ♥♥♥♥ing game company out with all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t DLC give me money crap. 6/10"
,Recommended,325610,14676407,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,militantdm,Consider this to be the apology for Rome Total War 2. This game is amazing and recaptures alot of the great elements that got my interested in this franchise. Highly recomended!
76561197992709020,Not Recommended,325610,23775278,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,{SSQRL}RichardMNixon,"If you already know how to play Total War, perhaps you will enjoy this one. If you don't, then don't bother, the worthless tutorial won't teach you and the garish, symbol-laden interface with god-awful, half-working tooltips won't help."
76561198007879425,Not Recommended,325610,23829004,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,amorath,"I have always loved the Total war franchise. The game Attila is one of my favorites. I recommend the game but not the expansions packs. I recently purchased Charlemagne and I have to say I was greatly disappointed. A game is supposed to be enjoyable. I found this expansion to be annoying. Every nations starts off with three or four times your army strength. This happens even if you play the easiest setting. You get attacked by five countries at the start before you can even think about building an army to match their strength. I have played several countries and hate the fact that you do not receive the same armies that your enemies start with. Within the first few turns your nation is crippled to the point you cannot play the expansion. I was not a big fan of the last Roman for the same reason. The Viking expansion was ok, I wish I would not have purchased it at full price. To be honest I am going to have to think long and hard before I buy another expansion from this franchise, and I will more than likely on buy a game from them with a reduced price or a sale."
,Recommended,325610,14516721,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Silverwolf,Definitely not just a reskin of Rome 2.9/10
76561198106028037,Recommended,325610,18054378,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Thundersaur,It so good! I'd say get mods instead of the tiny and expensive DLC.Don't understand why the negative reviewsCan easily pour 32576756385748 hours into this game
76561198158757933,Recommended,325610,19410392,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Peacemen,Awesome game but need more improvement in Graphics optimization (just like RTW2 grapphics)
76561198038776999,Recommended,325610,18055553,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Crogster,All these cry babies that moan about the DLC really annoy me. The Game is easily worth £50 but they brought it out somewhere between £30-£40 so you can add a couple dlc of your choice and still have a game that is fantastic and almost tailored to you. The people crying need to get a job and stop using review as a place to boycot certain companies they dont like especially when they make an A class game like this!! BIG THUMBS UP!!!
76561198013928738,Not Recommended,325610,17005551,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,nclarke1979,"I don't know what happened between Empire and Attilla but the new version is so frustrating to play it's excruciating. The graphics look wonderful, detail fills the eye, the special abilities for the generals are cool, the fight scenes with the upgraded Blood and fire look amazing, but the game play is mind numbingly frustrating,First, the overall strategy is unmanageable, even if you have a giant empire to protect and prevent from rebelling you are limited to only having a few armies due to the fact a general is needed to create and move any military unit, so the strategy of proportioning your forces out across the map for strategy or tactical purposes has suddenly gone from the game and you will always have area's that are virtually undefendable.All settlements without a general have only 4 of the same units, so all you have is a few generalled armies to move and fight with instead of dozens like previous games, stopping rebelling settlements by just increasing the number military units is no longer an option, making it almost impossible to control a large empire.The difficulty level doesnt make the enemy better at strategy or more relentless, it just makes your money run out faster so you cannot survive against massively superior enemy forces, pointless. The system of diplomacy is better but building and Espionage seems redundant compared to the previous versions, and who wants to spend mental energy meddling with domestic political and family affairs, when your playing a game for realistic  War strategy?Speaking of which, why do all units highlighted in a group suddenly break their existing formation to make a long line formation when you make them move forward? sometimes they keep formation if the highlighted units are grouped but sometimes even then they still do it, when they do, game over for any strategy you previosly had.To make that worse, the double click on a unit to group all units of that type has gone, so you have to click every single unit to change all their abilities at the same time, fine if you play on easy, you can just pause it, click all units then unpause, but for a TW fan of days old, that loves the challenge of playing on the best strategy the AI can muster this is hard to enjoy,I am more than a little disappointed, it is sad to see the new game has lost so much that made the old games great, and guys, whats with the charging extra money to play factions that should have already been in the original game?I think its back to the old Medieval 2 and Empire drawing board with the gameplay and challenge level, make the next ones more about war strategy and using multiple areas of art of war, rather than manipulating and manouvering around pointless Domestic events, and take the time to make a complete game before releasing it, so people don't have to pay to play the main factions featured in it."
,Not Recommended,325610,29530558,Posted: 27 January,all,LordBraxton,"A friend pressured me to buy this, promised me it was FAR better than Rome 2. Nope. Still garbage. RIP Total War."
76561197974191072,Recommended,325610,19652072,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Dozzer,"Okay I have purchased every TW game since the start and all the DLC's so you could say I am a junky when it comes to this game. Over the years there have been many highs and several cold turkeys especially just after release. Like every junky I cannot leave it alone and keep coming back (""it's okay I will just play a little and then stop) my stats show that this is not the case. So Attila love the way it looks, the strategy and intrigue, (most bugs have been fixed) hate the weather/food system and squalor mechanics.  What I do like is the fact that creative listen to some extent to the community and alters things after release, I also like the freedom that modders are given to alter the game, which negates the negative of the weather/food squalor mechanics.This game is a lot harder than previous incarnations, I normally crank it up to the top and leave it there until I have completed it several times,  not in this case, it is a challenge depending on the faction you pick.Anyway I was not surprised at the mixed rating but it is better than that clearly this reflect the early issues that some people had (for me the issue were minor even from the start).The nomadic tribes  are cool and the Huns are amazing horse men, the Roman campaigns are very hard and challenging and you need to have strategic outlook to survive ( this may put some people off as Roman is no longer a super power in this game) and a mini ice age is coming  ( reduced food money etc).Battles are epic and the AI has caught me a few times with epic out flanking manoeuvres, Sea battles are not so epic and are hard to manage with large fleets so I avoid them, but sea born invasion are cool and can be very satisfying.All in all this is a good game if you like strategy games do not be put off by the mixed rating as this should not be thought of as a mediocre title, so I give it a thumbs up I hope you do too.I have just bought the dlc and the new war hammer will be bought after xmas so I am still hooked, even fallout couldn't cure me.... I need a fix......"
76561198046747192,Not Recommended,325610,31051379,Posted: 9 April,all,WitchingSnake,Its Rome 2 version 2 and still broken.
76561198139604871,Not Recommended,325610,18058926,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,TheFlyingCommunist,"The DLC is disgusting, crap graphics that kill fps, basically Rome 2 but runs worse and has like two new factions"
76561198050683749,Recommended,325610,23811332,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Goldy,rating up for badge
76561198147580214,Not Recommended,325610,34754545,Posted: 5 September,all,ZéGamer555,"i buy this game , and have a bug on menu, the screen just keep blue and i can do nothing in this game."
76561198050537097,Not Recommended,325610,30532560,Posted: 15 March,all,BriguyMcStabny,"I have been a fan of the Total War series for years, but when I bought this  I thought it was a step back from Rome 2.  The graphics are not very good, and the interface is also very pourly designed compared to previous games. I bought the Charlamagne expansion because I thought it might liven up the game play and bring something into it, but unfortunately it proved to be more of the same from this poorly made game."
76561198049813688,Not Recommended,325610,21232836,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Maximae Ignatius Magnus,"Wish It Was More Like Rome 2Not for me, but might be for you.buy at your own risk, see other reviews i suppose"
76561198067705730,Recommended,325610,22800189,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,John Wick89,i loved the game until i try to start it now it says its already running then closes please help
76561198030963270,Not Recommended,325610,23176324,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Mercure,The games is crashing since the last patch. I can't even start a new game. Tried all the solution and nothing work. The support is terrible. Don't buy♥♥♥♥♥♥from this compagny.
76561198011322644,Recommended,325610,14545404,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,SgtE|MO,"This is by far the most challenging Total War game i've played. Not considering myself a pro, but i've completed other Total War games on the first try. This time, I find it tough and challenging to keep up with the AI. It is confusing to use the many functions available, however there are some cool new features as well. Overall, good job! (I just hope I can get used to it and win the campaign map soon!)"
76561197993943325,Not Recommended,325610,14578920,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Mummbles,"Averaging 5 turns before crashing, buyer beware. Also i feel they took too much away from what Rome II had and added a family tree and hordes. Not worth the money. Not the best Total War ever no matter what reviews say."
76561198057868867,Not Recommended,325610,14600238,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Dracolithfiend,If you enjoy booting a game up for 5 minutes at a time then watching your system crash then this game is for you!Also you are a masochist.
,Not Recommended,325610,14604608,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,badselfeater,"So far for me, most textures have failed to load. It is a disaster for me, and i know that not everybody is having these bugs. I would not buy this game in the state it is in currenty"
76561197963333396,Not Recommended,325610,14641923,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Krombopulos Michael,"Yea, so this is going to be the last Total War game I buy at full price.  The lack of content and ridiculous DLC this early after release have turned me off any Creative Assembly games.  I'll get the DLC eventually, but at 1\4 the price to eliminate as much income going to CA as possible.If you absolutely need a new Total War game, there are many improvements over Rome 2 here, but the blatant cash grabs have outstayed their welcome."
,Not Recommended,325610,18362313,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Solidus Fox,Killed my 980ti!! no seriously!
76561198008856134,Not Recommended,325610,18451428,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,The Booch,i love total war games but this one isnt for me. i still go back and play old games like med 2 and rome and i cant put any more than the 25 hours i put in.
,Not Recommended,325610,19312278,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,bedab96,"If you have played the total war series as much as I have (Medieval Total War onwards, remember how that one looked like a board game on the campaign map, that was awesome) then you will be dissapointed and will agree with what I have to say:If you want a good strategy game and you are new to the series get any of the games from before Rome 2. When they announced the new Rome I was so excited, the first Rome was one of my favourite games and I had spent an uncountable number of hours on it. But when I played this new game I knew I had been let down, not only because it was buggy like hell after release, but also because it just wasn't a good game anymore. I don't know how the developers are doing but it seemed as if their budget had been massively cut or they didn't really realise what had made the original games so good:1) A campaign that was just as fun as battles. This meant that you could either play manually every battle or if you didn't feel like it you could just focus on the overall strategy part. Which leads onto:2) A quickbattle system that actually worked. It didn't matter if you had fewer units or smaller armies, because if you had better troops then you could easily win against a massive frey of Gauls3) Basically 2 again but pointing out that it didn't matter in battles either, I could understand from an historical point of view that numbers would matter when two barbarian kingdoms were settling differences, but you only have to look at Roman history for two seconds to realise that extremely small numbers could defeat an overwhelming force with the proper training and equipment.4) What the ♥♥♥♥ even happened to the campaign map!?!? In Rome 1 you had major players, there weren't many smaller nations and it all seemed to balance quite well. And they had some substance to them: the romans had good offensive quality troops, the northern barbarians had numbers on their side (and the odd cheeky chariot), the greeks had defensive quality, the eastern empires had excellent horsemen and quantity for their infantry and the remnents of alexander the great's macedonian empire had a similar feel to the greeks, but slightly leaning towards quantity. These were all hitorically acurate and also seemed to balance to each other, now theve just chucked a nation into each city and said: ""There...I'm sure that'll work"". I think its good that they've done a bit of research into nations at the time and then patted themselves on the back but its lost the game of all its substance.5) Its basically Rome Total War: Barbarian Invasion which was basically just a DLC Rome 1 which felt like a mod, although it was better than this game.6) Many more reasons that I can't be bothered to go into because this review was originally going to read: 'I prefered the first Rome'. Anyway, I'm going to play Europa now which I highly recommend instead of wasting more money on this series."
76561198073111332,Not Recommended,325610,14569600,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Mr.Duck,"Once again Total War will not work...My drivers are ""out of date"" but it gives no solution what so ever. I can launch the game fine but when I try to play the Prolauge or a custom battle it crashes.Rome 2 didn't work and neither does this one."
76561198007705337,Not Recommended,325610,14604579,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Wise1800,"The turns take too long, the battles/campaign play nonsensically, and you spend most of the game chasing after raiding armies which gets annoying after the tenth turn."
76561198067198869,Not Recommended,325610,18160578,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Monkey Mouth,"Basicaly, Rome 2, but darker, more fiddly and everything that was wrong with Rome 2 has been made worse by this.Get it if you want, but be warned; and keep the refund page wide open.Sega have RUINED the franchise :("
,Recommended,325610,14537190,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,[CGC] DanielG453,Great the CA is back on it after the disaster of rome 2 happy to see the graphical improvement i rate it 10/10
,Recommended,325610,19743783,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Ancient,"A lot of people dislike this total war title, but if you're a true Total War fan and love this all the games they've released you'll love this one as well. There are a lot of problems like performance issues and not so bright AI but looking over those issues I love this game, I've smashed 100+ hours into it and currently reaching the 150 mark with the Age of Charlemagne DLC came out. If you love epic battles, razing and plundering, burning settlements mid battle and many other awesome things. This is the game for you."
76561198005420486,Not Recommended,325610,20198073,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,DarkShepherd,"Well, I requested a refund for this game. Needless to say, 2 EVGA GTX 980ti cards can't run this game at even medium settings and get above 50fps. I'm not playing a game that only hits good frames at low settings when I'm playing MGS5, and everything else on ultra. I was fine with medium settings on this game but if it drops below 25fps on medium at times, it's junk to me. I do enjoy strategy games but I'm new to the Total War franchise and I won't judge the whole company or their next Total War based on this game. Maybe it's my video cards but even if the game was running well I noticed several annoyances within the gameplay itself as well. Auto pathing can get annoying in battles because troopps split up or go their own ways when I need them all to stay close. Formations work so so but a lot of things bothered. I realize I didn't play it too long but when I start a battle I like to know how many enemies are there. When the game tells me 5 groups of enemies are there and I enter and see 10-12 groups, in the actual battle then it's not reasonable in my opinion. But all that aside, poor performance is unacceptable for 2 GTX980ti cards when the rest of my system is also decently built as well."
76561198172249205,Recommended,325610,21241536,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Angela Merkel,its good but they need to work on the battle sequence on mac. even though the battles on mac are bad u could always just use the auto battle. its reall good and its a good strategy game.
76561197970609628,Recommended,325610,14776428,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Budoshi,"While i dont support the Faction DLC trends, i rate that game up because with  dlcs  apart ,its still a solid game with improvements from the already awesome rome 2."
76561198142636505,Recommended,325610,17690643,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,TGCMactar,"BEST TOTAL WAR GAME![right now possibly not arena and warhammer] but anyways! good factions get to see faction leader badass franks they shud call me za mactar ze frankish man, dominated north of western romans with 1 army, betrayed by alamans when fighting wre, good mods, naked underwhere boxers with sword model, huns do nt have attila for start faction leader of course, black dude i dont know, long beards for dwarves, lego land for the vikings step dads, viloent british people, drunk irish throws javelin in one of my units and killed 3 with 1 javelin, return of the harpys!, no chinese, no russians, of course no australia, more africans!, dad im hungry dads like hi hungry im dad, still not alot of blacks, only huns is asian, angles faction leader looks like the freind with markiplier called wade, no spanish people,  robots!, crossbeus!, javelins very op, lots of mods ok i know u wont go this far its like JFAJODJAWDJ MACTAR YOU TAKE REVEIWASA TO SREUIASLY and i dont ok on to ze cons only not alot of black people no pokemans, no kawaii girrls, no female leaders, no romance cinematics and most importantly no guns WELL THANK U GUYS SO MUCH FOR WATCHING IF U LIKED IT PUNCH! THAT LIKE BUTTON IN THE FACE LIKE A BOSS! HIGH FIVES ALL ROUND AND SEE U IN THE NEX TREVIEW! AODJPAJD0J[AIPSNDJASIPDOASJPINDAOSJDOAJP JJSOS SADPAOSDASODPASIO0D"
76561198007268867,Not Recommended,325610,19683552,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Geno(AKA) EL BOB GATO,"I've worked through the disasters that creative assembly has put forth into the gaming world such as Empire total war, loved it except the fact they lied about multiplayer campaign and then you couldn't even be the colonies in the grand campaign.  So no revolting against the British.Then there was NPTW improved but limited in the fact it was the same game no matter how much you played it, France super powerful you not so much.  So the campaigns always played out the same for me.Then I was suckered into Rome II.  Oh what joy that heap of a dumpster fire was.  Even though i loved it, it was fresh new and seemed to work.. some times, it still has random freezes that crash my computer.Now Attila, finally go around to getting it.  Loved everything about it, everything felt smoother, looked better felt like it ran better, everything was great first battle was great and yet I can't get it to stop randomly crashing my entire PC.  Whether it be diplomacy or a recent event the game just freezes and then the entire computer locks up.Tried all those steps recommended nothing changed, still a glitchy clonky mess that CA will never finish.  They should go back to gaming school and learn how to make a functioning game before taking on the next project.  I mean Jesus, you'd think by now Attila would be patched and run smooth for anyone."
,Recommended,325610,17689764,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,msn bond,"it is a good game and i like the new map and the new gameplay it is not too much but it is good, for ever Total War"
,Not Recommended,325610,20549518,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,arash009,Game crashes on campaighn strt up.
76561198151744319,Recommended,325610,17100774,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Serth,"While I do recommend the game, there are a few things like loading and other things that may bother people"
76561198015115116,Not Recommended,325610,16302138,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,matthanson27,"So much potential, so much letdown...AI is garbage, Campaign  computer cheats.... not even descretelyPlay as Western Rome... (legendary) Flaming anarchy.... Burn it all first turn or have a million Rebel nationsComputer Plays as Western Rome, everyone is chill, Huns? No problem, Famine? we can eat next season......Penny and dime us to death with DLC's...While Minor nations can still maintain two max'd armies... 100% happy, and agents out the♥♥♥♥♥..I will PAY full price for a good game.But it must be a Full game with Full content....Side note..... Warhammar.... really.....?Go back to History."
,Not Recommended,325610,19713723,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Anndy578,horrible game. as bad as Rome 2 is Attila is even worse in every single way
,Recommended,325610,14535830,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,[SIN7]Gold-Kitty,"Better than ""Multiplayer Masturbation"" AND ""Fapping with Friends"" combined! 10/10"
76561198116906600,Recommended,325610,17117119,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Das Wedge,All these DLC's should have already been in the game but besides that its made up for the abortion that was rome 2.
76561198027924359,Recommended,325610,15086478,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Giraffe Lives Matter,I like it
76561198058592829,Not Recommended,325610,16755647,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,[HG] Yoren,"Although graphics were updated and more realistic, it made armies and agents harder to pick out. Also, all the recruitment and building systems were much more difficult and aggrovating and the HUD's were confusing. If they'd kept to the same format as rome 2 then this would be a much better game despite knowing that they must have wanted to make a completely knew game and not an expensive DLC and expansion pack."
,Recommended,325610,16917869,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Emperor George  The Lionheart,guys i do need this game but i can not afford it please help me get it !!!!
,Recommended,325610,17132817,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Hawkward,"As a long time fan of the total war series for the campaign side of things I can honestly say i'm loving it. it's gotten everything right this side around. I finally feel like I've got a choice when it comes to what I do with cities.+ Gameplay - on the campaign side of things, spot on. I love the thematic choice of setting. I love that at the start of the game, the roman empire is crumbling. The world feels like it doesn't revolve around you, which is a good thing.+ Game value for money - I've yet to finish a campaign. The Irish hordes take a little while longer to get around the place than the rest, with my tentative alliance with the British and the Saxons, who knows where the next few weeks will take me. So yeah, length wise. Value for money guaranteed.+ The actual fighting - I can manually aim my catapults and explode entire legions of troops. That's how to make me happy. Although you can't have asymmetric battles still. What if I have an odd number of friends CA? (I do and I either take an AI or two versus one)OverallI can conquer the world in the name of the irish. Move over Attila. Liam Patrick the conqueror is coming for your women folk."
76561198219136564,Not Recommended,325610,17234175,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,DMZ,Its NOT WORTH THE MONEY! Its not compleat (exp) without of the dlc they try to shuve down your mouth that should be part of the game!
,Recommended,325610,17115940,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,super lit hiroshima meme,"Beautiful graphics, burning, and moar amputation of body limbs!"
76561198023925920,Recommended,325610,23147414,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,PunisherX,Prep for Warhammer:)
76561198064135543,Not Recommended,325610,16245352,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Dan the Man,"If you want this game and you have a Mac, DO NOT get it. Quite frankly the graphics are awful and even then there is a stupid amount of lag."
76561198123107893,Recommended,325610,22896680,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,dasdsad,Perfect Game!! =)
76561198030487086,Recommended,325610,15570470,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,G_Masta_Phunk,Pre Dark age mayham....
76561197991895143,Not Recommended,325610,16756302,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Hydrogenium,"*This review is a statement against recent Total War titles marketing scheme*This recommendation will stay negative unless Creative Assembly and Sega demonstrate to Total war fans that this game will not be plagued by abusive and overpriced downloadable content (as is The Viking Forefathers ''Culture pack'', and the Longbeards ''Culture Pack'').Sega and Creative Assembly, show some respect to Total War fans.We have paid for a complete game. Could you do us the honor of delivering one ?"
,Recommended,325610,15086124,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,DooM.CoNe,"I Like this game. Its great, and very time consuming, and making it the thing that gets you through the day. The ONLY thing that ticks off about 90% of everyone who owns this game, is the DLCs they come out with a huge price. Again, the only reason why I personally dont like the game makers, is that they sell more money in DLC that the actual game. Total WAR, STOP MAKING us PAY  SO much for the DLCS!"
76561198035703034,Not Recommended,325610,15875992,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,U.S.S.R,no flags crap units
76561198088678805,Recommended,325610,15431424,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,KHALID-000,awsome
76561198085734035,Recommended,325610,16641026,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,KANG,I would get this instead of rome 2 if I had to choose.
,Recommended,325610,16622939,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Postal1982,The game is good. The people that down vote a game because it has DLC are idiots. You are saying if you like the game not if you disagree with the amount of DLC the game has.
76561198005966045,Not Recommended,325610,16563208,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Tom,"Why CA/SEGA, why do you have to ruin one of my favourite franchises by selling it to us one small piece at a time? A lifetime customer is lost I am afraid."
,Recommended,325610,16767091,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,mnkymanfoo,"This is my first Total War game, and overall I would say I am very happy with it.The Grand Campaign is challenging and fun if you play as either of the Roman factions or one of the many barbarian or steppe factions.  Unfortunately the only Eastern faction you can play as is the Sassanids, who don't really have any challenges at all.  The horde mechanic makes the barbarians and steppe factions very fun to play as, and makes defending against them a good challenge.  The fertility loss adds another layer of desperation to the campaign as all the ai factions rush toward the most fertile regions at once.  There have been several DLC faction packs, none of which I considered worth buying due to lack of interest in those factions and because many of them are pretty skimpy with making the factions very different from other barbarian factions.  If you are interested in them then I guess they would be worth it in a sale.AI seems pretty decent in the battle mode as well.  Depending on the army composition it attempts fairly advanced maneuvers, nothing amazing though.  On the defense it will react to your maneuvers and reorient appropriately and if it thinks it is in a poor position it moves to regain superior ground.  On the attack it is much less impressive and only tries to flank if it has cavalry, I guess that is due to it being forced to attack.  Naval AI is much less impressive, it is very easy to just kite them along with archer boats.The siege escalation mechanic is a neat way to simulate an extended siege against a city.  This makes it important to relieve cities that are under siege because the defenses can be broken down making the garrison very vulnerable.  The city maps in general are pretty good, the unique ones (Rome, Ravenna, Constantinople and Ctesiphon) are very fun to attack/defend as well as being pretty amazing just to look at.CA also released mod tools that let you do quite a bit with the game from fiddling with unit cards to creating new city maps.  Unfortunately there is only a very basic tutorial, but if you keep at it then it becomes pretty easy to figure out what to do, and there is a fairly active community that you can get help from.Negatives include the poor performance of the game, apparently it was designed for future GPU's despite being based on a game that is 2 years old and engine that is even older.  If you don't have a very high end computer then it will be slow and it will not look very good.  The tech trees for the Romans are also very stupid, the people at CA really subscribe to the Gibbons theory on why the Roman empire fell.  Right now they have techs that severely hurt their long term viability by removing sanitation and public order buildings from being built.  Also it is very annoying and downright stupid how expensive upgraded units are.  They are not worth the slightly improved stats for how much more expensive they are.  Fortunately there are several mods that fix the latter problems so they are only an issue if you use the base game.  Really if you have any gameplay related qualms with the game then there is very likely a mod that fixes it.tl;dr this is a good game with great campaign features, good modding tools, competent ai and lots of mods.  Only downside for me is the performance of the game.  If you are new to Total War then this is probably the best game to try."
,Recommended,325610,16767623,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,fabricated leader,"Love this game, but the DLC's need to be better priced.  8$ for one faction is crazy.  2$ would be more reasonable, unless there's major overhalls, with the faction. Other than that this is a strategy gammer's dream. Lots of things to do, and it never gets boring.Still waiting for totalwar to make a WW1-WW2 game like this."
,Recommended,325610,16767223,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Lil_Tontsa,I should say 7/10 casual game
76561198055321548,Recommended,325610,16769173,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Alaric III,"I feel it's always bad to start a review with the conclusion, because it gives the appearance of bias, but this truly is a great game and exactly what I was hoping for out of the total war franchise. To be honest, there are so many things I love about it that I probably won't even get 'round to mentioning half of them. I'll do my best:After the backlash from the fanbase against Rome II, you can really tell that CA have taken the criticism to heart and have developed everything the fanbase suggested. The politics is transparent, deep but most importantly engaging. After Rome II I had forgotten just how immersive the family tree was. This game brings it back to total war roots again and leaves you with ""just one more turn"" syndrome. Arranged marriages, assassinations, grabs for internal power, discrediting popular figures and castrating (really) disloyal faction members.Personally, it's my favourite time-period for many reasons, not just the fact that the Visigoths are playable; obviously that is a more subjective point. For many wanting a medieval game, this gets pretty close as the tech tree expands pretty far beyond the supposed time frame of the game. This ensures that there is continual development of your faction and makes it feel more realistic. One thing I have noticed is that the soundtrack to one of my favourite TV series, Vikings, fits PERFECTLY with every moment of this game (seriously, give it a try, it's uncanny).A great development in the franchise is the introduction of more survivalist strategy features. Attila represents the apocalypse, and while the huns are a formiddable, aggressive faction who raze (a very cool strategic feature) the steppes leaving many desolate regions before Attila comes to power, once a dramatic cutscene cinematically introduces his rise to power, they really become a bit terrifying - you'll be hunched with your head in your hands each time you press end turn.That's not to say they can't be reasoned with. The diplomacy of Attila is the strongest I've seen yet (although regions STILL can't be traded!) with a host of different features. The almost universal dislike of the western Roman empire means you can curry favour with most factions as a barbarian faction, or you can try and restore the empires to what they once were if you prefer suicide.There's more customisation in almost all aspects, including being able to rename cities, and very transparent tech trees and attribute levels.There are so many more positives than this, not forgetting to mention the generally gritty, apocalyptic and consistent atmosphere of the game as you battle disease, approaching hordes and ever harsher winters. Siege escalation and fire spreading in cities are really cool too!It's only fair to mention a few gripes I have, though. The biggest one for me is that sieges are still a bit of a mess, I find them a bit frustrating. They're difficult for the wrong reasons. Even though the game is well balanced yet still diverse, it feels like there is always some 'cheat' the AI uses which results in unneccesary loss of life on my part. The AI improves marginally with each release, but the improvement in Attila is still marginal, but leaps and bounds more interesting and challenging than the AI in Rome II, even in the Emperor Edition.Army compositions from the AI in campaign, at least the Romans, seems to be largely the same, which is a bit disappointing, but I have favourite compositions too so I can't judge too harshly. It would just be nice to see more of the large unit diversity in the game when battling the AI in campaign.Graphically and performance wise, while the stills look excellent, there's considerable lag in battles when flying over units. That means I end up taking more of a strategic rather than cinematic view. It's a shame, but at the base level it's usually and indistinct mosh-pit, a result of most of the factions having similar colours (largely chainmail or gold&brown fabrics). However that's what mods are for, of which there are many.In conclusion it is definitely worth picking up at some point. Owing to SEGA's business pracitices, get it and the DLC at a sale so that you don't feel like you are being exploited, but even if you pick it up at full price you'll quickly forget your spending guilt when you lose yourself in the complex and engaging campaign of Total War: Attila.9/10"
76561198106263716,Recommended,325610,18111973,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Cadecles,"1. buys rome II full price after realease2. waits for polished game3. enjoys playable game (6months later)4. buys dlcs and cut content5. is satisfied overall. would reccomend.6. Attila?7. doesn't purchase on release (learned lesson)8. checks out dlc, is sceptical9. hears some good things about Attila10. Attila is on sale 50% off, now is time to buy11. waits 3 hours to download12. hits play13. Error code #53, steam servers are too busy to handle your request for Attila total war"
76561198060920768,Recommended,325610,19648196,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,wtf was thet!?,cool game
76561198072917367,Not Recommended,325610,19645091,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,[STAQ] Vorben,Help everytime i start it up it wont get past the first logo screen and stops working.
,Recommended,325610,16665127,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,MechSmith,"This is the game Rome 2 should have been. literally the only problem i have with it is the way the DLC is done.GOOD:-very detailed internal faction politics. you can generally keep things under control by spreading rumours about the people who you don't want to become powerful (and the occasional assassination)-Rome 2's combat without the bugs. it's a good, reaslitic feeling system, and again, troops replenishing by themselves is the BEST thing (that was the only problem i had with medieval 2, my armies spent too long being rebuilt after battles- often literally years)-More aggressive AI. you want to see a siege battle from the perspective of a defender? in R2 they didn't attack if i had even one extra unit inside the walls, but now i get to be on the defending side of some nice, interesting sieges. Also, they've improved town sieges with minor fortifications, so it's not just a battle with buldings in the way, it's a minor siege.-The huns. i'm told playing as the Hun hordes is fun, but personally i really enjoyed playing as the saxons because of the looming threat of the incoming hordes. i had massive battles, and a turn where, over three battles, i killed attila, destroyed four hordes, and sent a fifth one running. Terrific fun.-More varied events, more flavour to the game, and bonuses to go with your choices,-GENERAL AND AGENT NOW HAVE VISIBLE UPGRADE TREES. no more guesswork, or waiting for the in-game wiki to load, it's all there in front of you. PRAISE JEEBUS.-There's also a building guide which is quiker and easier to use than the in-game wiki. not the best UI for it, but it works and it's clear what it means.BAD:-you might not like the fact that you have to pay attention to internal politics. at first i found it to be a bit of a headache, and unnecessary busywork, but a few years in i'd got to grips with the major do's and dont's-The DLC [Lest We Forget]-Something about the economies of the one-town-factions lets them build up to two full stacks of units. unless you can take their city on your first turn, ignore them until far later in the game or you will cripple yourself fighting a number of troops you generally won't see other than from rome or the hunsTL:DRThis game is good. If you've played Rome 2, it's better than that. If you've not played total war before... start with the original rome, see if you like it. YOU DO NOT NEED THE DLC FOR THIS GAME. for example, if you want to play as one of the viking factions, but aren't so bonkers about it you're hesitation to spend the money, get the base game and try the saxons."
76561198018277440,Recommended,325610,18093302,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Revoker,"I'm writing this review because I saw this game had a ""mixed"" reaction so I hope to correct that. This game is fantastic worth every penny you pay for it and all the DLC."
,Not Recommended,325610,18111209,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,[2-P.G.D]Johnhawk911,"CA tried to hard for this one.- Battle InterfaceThe Interface for battles has been changed but is now much more complex to use.- Unit variety is blandThe units feel very bland for almost all factions (they all feel the same as to Rome II). Aside from the crossbow, they barely have mixed the feel up. Although this maybe due to the fact that I'm more accustomed to using Rome which are no longer the ""protagonists"" in the game. (Goths and Huns are the new protagonists)- Campaign Interface isn't user friendly.All in the title.- Menu looks exactly the same as Rome IIAlbeit a few minor differences (background)This game is basically a Rome II expansion pack. I'm hoping CA would do what they normally do with their games and that is turning this piece of sh*t into a masterpiece."
76561198059448748,Recommended,325610,15399807,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,DominionCow,I really like this game and i like how the family trees are back... however for me it gets boring to play very quickly unlike the other total war games
76561198170058747,Recommended,325610,18076658,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Prussia,I like the game and all but the steam severs are constenly full and i cant play my faveite game.
76561198209640260,Not Recommended,325610,16248069,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,catnipenterprise,The game lags even with 2.8ghz and 4gb ram. even at max performance!
76561198030493607,Not Recommended,325610,19643471,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Skilgannon29,570 hours logged in on Total War Rome 2.        8 hours logged in on attila.  Rome 2 is 10 times better.
76561198020214813,Recommended,325610,25788654,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Pontiff Vrax,"I don't own this game so I'm not sure why Steam is asking me to review it.Edit: I now own this game, it isn't half bad."
76561198045206229,Recommended,325610,17065448,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Toby,"What we've come to expect from CA and Sega. bad optimization, microtransactions, a derpy AI.But I love it, theres no other series that makes a fight seem more alive. from the scale of the map to the clashing of the swords on the battlefield, this game is very immersive (until your soldiers climb up a wall and then take the stairs down :) )if your not a Fan of a game with lots of disk based dlc thats sold to you bit by bit (at a reasonable price i'll add) or someone with a low spec PC the stay away from then TW series for the forseeable future. Everyone else have fun (I know I still am)"
76561198116895028,Not Recommended,325610,33389278,Posted: 8 July,all,Ioanitza,"My rating for the game is 3/10. It has some good ideas and improvements - you have a lot of things to do in this game, but overall it leaves a bad perception. I'm not sury why but the game hinders the player in lots of ways, e.g. strange rules for army positioning on the battlefield, chasing ever escaping hordes, heavily cheating AI. There are things that are not well thought out too, from which my favorite are a guy that raids his own region and the great seafaring hordes of the Huns. The strange thing is that I find an old game like Medieval Total War to be more enjoyable than Attila. My advice is to consider carefully whether to purchase this game.PS. This game is so broken that it's hardly playable. Do not buy it."
,Not Recommended,325610,33379283,Posted: 8 July,all,chaosonline,"Total War: Attila looks amazing. I say looks, because I haven't had a chance to play it yet. The game crashes constantly and without warning. I haven't been able to get more than three turns in to any campaign or fight through a single battle.It would be bad enough if the game just shut down on crash, but Total War: Attila crashes in just such a way to cause my entire computer to freeze. I have to manually hold down the power button on my PC and shut it down because all controls are disabled. There is no other way, and it is incredibly frustrating.I really want to play this game, but it really doesn't want to be played for some reason."
76561198012531965,Recommended,325610,14516274,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,GHOST,"glad to see CA doing good again! coming from a total war veteran since the first shogun release back in the day. nice performance release! nice optimization! nice combat balance, nice campaign map. ai is better compared to rome 2 but needs more improvements."
76561198029296473,Recommended,325610,14516289,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,The Great Gabby,"Total War is back. The best atmosphere since shogun 2, and the best game since medieval 2"
76561198042357766,Recommended,325610,17961575,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Grogan,"Good game.. Probably what Rome 2 should have been.. DLC is a little pricey for what you get,  new campaign DLC fair enough but new faction DLC should be already included in game or should be free"
76561197987704512,Recommended,325610,18028037,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,mikedeezy33,"This is a great game, love the total war games. The siege mechanics and AI are improved over Rome 2. Would love if they toned down the squalor and public order negatives from upgrading your buildings, it makes it nearly impossible to tech up and expand your empire."
76561198046111115,Recommended,325610,14516836,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,DACopperhead,"Extreamly solid, this game further proves that Creative Assembly makes an amazing game, every other try.While Rome II had the issue of nothing really happening along with the factions all being similar, Attila does not have this issue. Rome II has 3 basic cultures, Barbarian, Romean and Middle East. Attila has a LOT more unique factions, even more with the Vikings, which are awesome. The battles also have an improvment with better AI. Another thing i like is that fact that the AI build armies, so you actually have to think to win a battle since you are often equaly matched.Graphics- 9/10Overworld Gameplay- 8.5/10Battle Gameplay- 9/10Story -(Total War Game Story? HA)Sound- 9/10 (The battle cries sound fantastic)Total- 9.748/10Buisness model.Now i've seen a lot of people going off on how ""They shipped out an unfinished game and are charging for the rest!"" no. The state of the modern game industry is awful. If games aren't free, they are super expensive. Total War still holds onto some of the old buisness models, but they can't make enough money that way. The factions are totaly optional, i have not bought the Longbeards pack because i didn't want them, and i don't feel cheated at all. I did buy the celtic pack because i wanted to play as those factions, but i didn't have to buy the pack. DLC is a scourge on modern games but Total War does not abuse this any more than most game companies. Where gearbox will ship 10 DLCs with little to no content and is always dangled above you if you don't have it, Total War takes the stance of ""Want this? no? Okay. Yes? awsome"" with content that is balanced and fair. The blood and gore DLC is also a tremndously smart idea, if Attila was rated M, it would have a much smaller group of players, but in making it teen they lost a few of the hard core M gamers. That DLC widened the market to include most gamers. All in all, STOP WHINING ABOUT THE DLC. A saving grace of most DLC is that they are entirly optional, allowing you to play the game with full satiscation without using the DLC"
76561198007417573,Recommended,325610,18053133,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,kokman_,"Cool game, can't wait for Warhammer total war..."
76561198059340758,Recommended,325610,28860344,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Cyklope,"Excellent game, the best of the Total War series!★★★★★★★★★☆Pros- Excellent graphisms, both on map, battlefield and units- Awesome new features, especially on the battlefield- AI a bit more clever on the campaign map, which adds to a variety of new behaviors- Western Roman Empire a real challenge, especially in the Legendary modeCons- Bugs are very rare, but still present on the battlefield (some units may get stuck)- Weak help tool (encyclopaedia) both really incomplete and buggy (comparison tool not resetting, for instance)- Research tree a bit simple in my opinion- Far not enough character portraits and unit poles (but that's for the smallest detail!)I really enjoyed Rome 2 which was of high quality standard already. But that one is clearly a step ahead. If you've never played any Total War game, this one is definitely the best of them all.Simply put: a must have."
76561198045590078,Not Recommended,325610,15174048,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Thumpe,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../.................... _____.......__............._____............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸............|...__.....\....|...|............/... ___|........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\..........|...|....\....|....|...|...........|..../........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........|...|.....|...|....|...|...........|...|.........\.................'...../...........|...|__/...|....|...|____....|...\____..........''...\.......... _.·..............|_____./.....\______\....\_____|............\..............(..............\.............\"
,Recommended,325610,14539011,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,The Fascist Penguin,"This game is nothing short of amazing. I am playing as the Geats and the Danes sent a gigantic full stack naval fleet and a full stack of infantry into Norway. They fough the battle and the Viking longships looked so badass as they landed on my shores. Even though I was oblitarated I wasn't angry, I felt as if they AI had bested me unlike in Rome 2.My Pros:Amazing battle mapsFun raising mechanicDiverse factions100s of hours of gameplayAI seems better and you really have to concieve a strategy before engagingMy Cons:Base units are the same for Viking factions and the Saxons, really wish they would've added some diversity on that frontA lot of factions use the same cutscenes (minor gripe)I really want the Blood & Gore to have been released on the day the game came outMinor complaints aside, I rate this game a solid 9/10 and will consume my life for months to come!"
,Not Recommended,325610,23658668,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Thomas,I really liked the idea of a game where you could play with my friends against other warriors. BUT. This is not that. ♥♥♥♥ING WEAK♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198066588585,Recommended,325610,23500225,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Tas,It's a Total War game so it's only good with mods 7/10 would play again maybe.
76561197974216683,Not Recommended,325610,23658726,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,reamiger,This just wasnt fun. it has the appearance of feature that make you want to believe its fun but it really doenst play out in any way that makes me want to play it. Unfortunatly I spent to much for a game that turned out to be not fun.
76561198066345959,Not Recommended,325610,28728734,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,✪ Sheikh Mohamed Hassan,"Runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥with i5-3570k and GTX 970, AI is wrecking the ♥♥♥♥ out of me on easiest difficulty (yea i've played TW's before)Apparently the game won't close entirely if you press ""Exit"" in-game, it keeps running on background silently.Now i can't even get a refund because i've ""played"" it more than 2 hours.GG i guess"
76561198306692417,Not Recommended,325610,24157785,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Skarbles,After purchaising the game and all DLC for over a hundred dollars it crashes at the main menu. I have tried everything in every forum and am truely disappointed. I really wanted to play this game.
,Recommended,325610,23282299,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Vermin Supreme,is ok
,Recommended,325610,15844660,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Antarctic National Socialist,"be mebe western romeabandon all settlements except for england20 turns latergeats invade my port city next to londiniumthe geats all have sea sickness, this should be easy right?kill all of their invasion forcestill havent wonlook at sea4 ♥♥♥♥ing ships just sitting theremove all units to coaststill sitting thereconcede defeatall units diethey take the settlement-0/10 never playing this again"
76561197995251312,Recommended,325610,16571154,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,FlippityFloppity,fun. modable
76561198074145666,Recommended,325610,35118167,Posted: 21 September,all,Динарац расни,One of the best TW games ever made. It really is fun and it can compete with MTW 2 which none of its predecesors could do. The modding community is active as well and its damn good. If you like TW then buy this. You will not regret it. The DLC practice sucks major balls like always so get it on sale...
,Recommended,325610,14969799,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,CaimsPact,Im not playing attila now but steam says I am. T.T Buuuuuu
76561198257795109,Not Recommended,325610,30876139,Posted: 1 April,all,johnthedarkone334,"Okay now just to get this started, I did and sometimes still do play this game quite often, why, well lets talk about that. I don't play it for the great game that CA made, no, I play this for the mods it has, really good mods save this game for me. When I bought this I was thinking I'd try it maybe it's good, the only other thing I was considering buying was Shogun 2, which I had before (not on steam), but don't currently have. I was wrong, this game's grand campaign is quite boring for me, and to let you realize how, on strategy games like Stronghold and Battle for Middle Earth, I am the turtle player (you however won't beat me without proper siege). So for strategy games I play defensively and react to situations as they happen, doing this in Shogun 2 was really fun and necessary, here though it's boring.The ai will come at you quickly with half to full stacks, but beating them back is more a chore than anything else, only time you feel threatened is when they attack an unguarded settlement (which they will do a lot, if they can, but on base game, they basically just become annoying as they attack a settlement time and time again without taking it or destroying it). The combat ai is done fairly well, but that's well as in they know how best to charge you, they care little for skirmishing in sieges, they make a path into your settlement (wither that be with artillery, ladders, or rams), then charge in. When on the defensive unless they outnumber you on a minor settlement (in which case they may charge you), they sit around in defensive positions, so if you have missile superiority you can just pick them off without much worry.Now some of the grand campaign mechanics aren't that great, and the few that are good, may be a bit off. Example the fertility system, it's a nice system, makes end game harder, but some issues with it. One most of the regions become infertile by the end, and so I think that needs tweaking. Also every faction has sanitation buildings, such as canals and the like, now you'd think that an irrigated region would be more fertile right, nope. Unless you are I think it's Slavic, you have no way to increase the fertility of your regions, without mods that is. Also there is massive public order and squalor penalties for some things I can't quite understand, meaning you wont get the most out of your regions as you will probably build most regions the same way to keep everything running smoothly.So now lets talk about the stuff that makes this game actually worth playing for over 300+ hours, mods (you could say you are going for all badges and such, but that's game completion, doesn't mean you enjoy it). There is amazing mods for this game, you can find mods to overhaul most everything about this game. I play with mods that make the games more dynamic and diverse, also to make some things sensible. Like a mod that disables the loss of legacy tech as you progress the tech tree for romans, and making sanitation buildings provide fertility (sure the whole they lose sight of older tech as they change their ways is a nice thought, but don't take away the sanitation buildings, I prefer my aqueducts to having a bigger church, in fact I burned down all the churches in my playthroughs because the bonuses for Christianity suck compared to paganism, base game).So long and short of it, if you get this game, playing it a few times without mods wont be too boring, until you get to mid game. Playing it with mods may make it more enjoyable for you, however if you are deciding between this and Shogun 2, go with Shogun 2, it's much better in my opinion (the happiness system for shogun 2 is a bit too easy but the rest of the game is good). So I hope you find this somewhat enlightening, maybe I helped you decide on buying this or not, or at least prepared you for it. Also just so you know, I only have one of the culture packs (that being vikings), and no other dlc, cause I didn't want to spend anymore money on this."
76561198056884732,Recommended,325610,18281525,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Schnick,Honestly I thought that this game should have been a DLC for Rome 2. Instead of them creating a bunch of DLC for Rome 2 that gave us smaller campaign maps they should have been making this as an expansion of Rome 2. I mean Attila is fun but I would have been rather seen a possible Total War: Civil War with a Manifest Destiny sort of vibe in there too or a Total War: Medieval 3 or something.
,Recommended,325610,14519792,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,max.eisert,Until now I like it a lot. Seems to be much better than Rome II.
,Not Recommended,325610,34849839,Posted: 9 September,all,D1armude,"This game is made to mind**** you, city management is too strangling that I had to look through every city every turn"
,Not Recommended,325610,14517071,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,ScrubbyBubbles,"Not in the current state. Needs much improvement. (Crashing, turn times, low number of playable factions) Seems that Creative Assembly wants to get the game out more than they want it to actually work."
76561198008593505,Recommended,325610,15057224,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Magyve403,awesome
76561198287777853,Not Recommended,325610,29286668,Posted: 15 January,all,leviclayton02,game crashes for me
76561198058990776,Recommended,325610,15178655,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,goose18,great game
,Recommended,325610,29029320,Posted: 5 January,all,Zaebatsu,didnt kno my grandfathers had such an awesome haircuts
76561198057181357,Not Recommended,325610,22751969,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,IRSMERT,"The game crashes on startup now.If you have windows 10, this game will most likely not work."
76561197995992119,Recommended,325610,14518058,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,meoqw,Good
,Recommended,325610,19470258,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Pickles™,"Now, in no way, is this game bad. Its an addicting game, but its got some problems.The Bad (Cons):-Sometime in this game, you will expirence a crash, especially when you are ending your turn. (in campaign) Hopefully they will patch that.-Optimization issues; My computer may be bad, but I know for sure that this game has some optimization issue's. Like FPS dropping for no reason once so ever. Its pretty bad.-AI's sometimes use cheats; now, not the mods that gives you cheats, literally the AI uses cheats. Now there is a mod that fixes that, so not a big deal. You can leave it if you want a challenge.-The DLC's; now, the DLC's arent that bad, but paying for blood and gore? I say, thats a cash grab right there. This game is FOR blood and gore. By the way, 2 bucks for blood and gore is honestly just stupid.The Good. (Pros)-The AI is alot better then Rome 2; now I didnt buy Rome 2, neither have I EVER played the game, but from the gameplay and such, I already know that Rome 2 AI's are bad.-Game is addicting; now I know other Total War games are addicting, but trust me, this game is one of the most addicting games I have ever played. Its so addicting, its like cocaine, I swear to god.-Challenging AI's; the Huns (from campaign) are really a challenge. They are hard to defeat, and the sieges are hard too, with their archers shooting at your men while your trying to get your siege equipments up on the wall and such is a big challenge. Unless you are very expirenced with sieging in Total war, then nevermind.Conclusion:Now, would you buy this game? Honestly, thats up to you, but if you would have to ask me, I would say TOTALly. (hah the puns) Its a really addicting and fun game, even with the cash grab and the optimization, etc. this game is still fun and addicting. If the game is on sale, I would buy it if I were you. I did buy this game on sale, and trust me, its worth every penny. So yeah, if you can, buy this game. Also, with the refunding system on steam, you could always just refund the game. Thank you for reading this, and goodbye!"
,Recommended,325610,20709323,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Madmannz375,Sometimes cats lay eggs. this is what would happen if an octupus fingered a cat and then it layed 7 eggs. Bliss.
76561198255591080,Recommended,325610,19355392,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,kaganiganig,its not working but i took from steam FTS
76561198034247218,Not Recommended,325610,16782316,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,b3nspotswood,"Content is good if it had the same mechanics and interface as older total war games. Both the campaign and battle interfaces are poor, espcially the campaign interface. The new system that has been used in this game really lets the game down and makes it much harder to play, and is less enjoyable. One of the poorer of the Total War series."
,Recommended,325610,14522400,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,KennyT,"Captured a new homeland, the Huns came and destroyed it..... 10/10 would pillage and plunder again"
76561198128260635,Recommended,325610,18280300,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Niko,It is a great game but more focused around civil and faction family tree than war if you want war and less family tree then get Rome 2 overall I recommend this and most other total war games
76561198021764065,Recommended,325610,18347199,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,CoopsterFTW,"Total War Attila brings many new features and redoes some features from the older games(Such as the family tree). The Huns are the focus and highlight of this title; they are an impending doom that you must prepare your faction to face. The Huns insure that there will be some intense battles later in the campaign, the downside being to that is that the threat will always be the Huns making this Total War slightly less sandboxy than previous titles. Over all I find Total War: Attilla a vast improvement over Rome 2."
76561198087066614,Recommended,325610,30405877,Posted: 9 March,all,Noonan,Brilliant game can do almost anything
76561198060588931,Recommended,325610,15205289,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,BolvarianTemplar,I don't have enough complaints to waste time typing them... I like the game.. a lot.
76561198265609678,Not Recommended,325610,21367855,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,ValkyrieAbove,Not enjoyable. Takes up a LOT of disk space.
76561198154740439,Not Recommended,325610,20834936,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Exiled,Not Medieval III: total war what a disappointment.
76561198291217830,Not Recommended,325610,21839743,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,DrDodoLord,ı cant open this game on mac its crush all the time help me pls
,Not Recommended,325610,17803512,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,The Baron,"My system is fairly updated and yet had the issue of black smoke. I re-updated and got that fixed. Then after about 2 hours of play, during a battle the game gave me a black screen of death. Exit restart, and get back to main menu, after about a minute playing a new game, since old file instantly lead to black screen, another  black screen! Wow great, an unplayable game. I liked it when I was playing it, except for the EU4 style family tree and role fulfilment that is not intuative but it was a step in the right direction to get more used out of characters.  I still think that army caps should be done away with as money is the true limiter."
76561198315626024,Not Recommended,325610,33332489,Posted: 6 July,all,[CELL] BEond_,"When i played this i thought it was very bad looking and the units were just horrible. first of all the cav is just too much dont even try getting elite infantry when you got cav which i can easly take them out. then the unit cards looked horrible,you could barely see the units them selves on the cards. the campign wasent half bad but the battles and unit cards just ruin it for me. when i played rome there were No legionaries. where did the roman units go, the evocati,the legonaries, all gone. now rome has some spearmen with chainmill which look like they should be medieval units not roman. if you ever played rome 2 then this game is just horribly bad made. get rome 2 instead it has more players and much better factions. no ♥♥♥♥ing barbarians with pikemen or massive hords of horse riding mongols. buy this only if you really like playing campign, but if your a true total war fan and like playing battles then i would never recommend this garbage. get rome 2."
,Not Recommended,325610,19638612,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,A Very Proud Kekistani,The good time to buy this is when its on 66% sale... its basicly justa secual to Total war: rome II...
76561198047899417,Not Recommended,325610,20885202,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,SuaveMaculant,"Game worked for months, updated at the end of 2015 and game stopped working. Reinstalled 6 times. Tried launching from mod manager and Rome II launcher. Attila launcher won't even open, no messages explaining what happened, no solutions online, incredibly frustrating. Would reccomend if it worked, but due to the ♥♥♥♥♥iness and lack of solutions to this problem, I have to give the game and their developers a♥♥♥♥♥♥review here. A game I played money for is virtually gone. Thanks CA."
76561197994745300,Recommended,325610,18267740,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Dor,8/10 good game not like rome 2 total war
76561198021012649,Recommended,325610,18354707,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,JKtay,The game is incredibly awesome.
76561198244489952,Recommended,325610,18280688,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,autumnlynnfox13,Cant wait for Warhammer my favorite Total War serries. Rome 2 has more faction i just wish for more faction mods or dlc unlocks. And a total war with a Actual story maybe for the Factions with more movies. This was definatley on the right path.
,Recommended,325610,21337128,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,DawnOfADream,"Challenging and fun. Others have complained about optimization, but it runs just fine for me."
,Recommended,325610,28334955,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,PoohqueMahooque,"Really addictive and fun. If you don't own this, what kind of total war fan are you?"
76561198063410349,Recommended,325610,22651456,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,EKoKi,"Optimize the game..Edit:The game is good,i wanna play hours and hours of this game but i have 6700k with gtx 1080 and dead bodies and blood on them makes it impossible to enjoy the battle because of optimisation but i love this game so i will give it a thumbs up"
76561197987050507,Not Recommended,325610,19699743,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,KaMiKaZe Bob,Co-op is ♥♥♥♥ed up.
76561198006968442,Not Recommended,325610,19724566,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Shlazaor,"I really wanted to love this game. But I don't. This is a veteran strategy company with over a decade with the same engine. A company of paid veteran professionals in 2015/2016 should be able to deliver better content (not just better, significantly better) than a modders using a game released in 2006. This is not nostalgia. This year I installed the Third Age and Stainless Steel mod for MTW2. I enjoyed them significantly more than I enjoyed Attilla/RTW2. You may look at my hours and think why is he giving this a thumbs down when he played so much? One I have a bad habit of leaving games up. And two I tried really hard to get into the game. I wanted the type of deep strategy experienced I got with the modifications only with modern day graphics. It just isn't there. If this is your first time with TW than I bet you will enjoy the game. But I can't recommend a game with a significantly worse AI/depth/real time battles than modders working on a decade old game this company created.  More importantly I just don't think its worth the 44.99 price tag. In conclusion this game is at a massive step back for the franchise and only worth your money if it's on sale and you need to scratch your TW itch with updated graphics or you have never played TW before and went some okay real time strategy  battles with nice graphics."
,Recommended,325610,25893908,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Zyklon B. Goode,ok
,Recommended,325610,27360603,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Octavian,Played as Saxons lost instantlyPlayed as Huns lost instantlyI find this game an ever cycle of losing therefore historically accurate12/5 would die to romans again.
,Not Recommended,325610,17804973,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,kpourdeilami,Very slow framerate on Mac. Pretty much unplayable
,Not Recommended,325610,17784381,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,pwolski,11/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥my money away on 3/4 of a game again.oh wait.
76561198032314781,Not Recommended,325610,14925647,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,The Black Prince,"Im going to write a real review for why this game is bad.  As usual, here are the flaws, and boy, there are many.THE FLAWS:- Slow run speed.  I turned this thing to full ram and it still felt like I was moving through a swamp covered with molasses.- Arrows look dumb.  Take a hint from Rome 1 and make them look decent again, or better yet, don`t show them at all.- Campaign feels sloppy.  When I want to build a farm, I don`t want to have to sort through 3 provinces and then choose which farm makes the most f*cking sense.  This isn`t supposed to be rocket science.  Rome 1 had a simple, better and better building system that made sense.  This male cow defication just ruined my experience.-  The Campaign map is impossible to explore, and I feel lost every game with this 3 provinces garbage.- Advisor is ugly and annoying.  I hate his ugly voice.  I hate his ugly face.  I hate his ugly hood.  I hate this advisor.  Bring back the girl from Rome 1.- Total War Launcher has to be the stupidest idea.  What autistic monkey came up with that thing, I wonder.  I don`t want a launcher on top of steam, with info that`s already on the steam update`s section.- Units feel awkward.  They look nice, but one can`t even admire the battles because there`s too much crap happening, blocking the way.  It`s like Total War forgot everything it learned from Shogun and Rome, threw it out the door and wanted to try something new and dumb.CONCLUSION:I hope Arena isn`t as bad as this disastor."
76561197993347502,Not Recommended,325610,14839221,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Vince,"Haven't been able to finish one single campaign due to bugs/crashes.Multiplayer is broken, crashes everytime.Now they offer DLC of content already present in the game, milking the cow much?"
,Not Recommended,325610,19343789,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Noobi-san,Just buy rome 2 and have fun with it. 3==D attila and his nipples too.
76561197987122832,Not Recommended,325610,19353650,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Trump Is Our Savior,Just crashes on Mac
76561198008588154,Not Recommended,325610,19454206,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Commandor,Shameful display!
,Not Recommended,325610,20005700,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,SERPUS,Many campaign freezes.  No mods installed.
76561198006563698,Not Recommended,325610,21928670,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,RedPhantom,love of god just buy Europa Universalis 4. This thing is a mess.
76561198041081353,Not Recommended,325610,21939596,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,ggstorms,"I started playing the Total War series starting with Shogun 1 and I can say that I hate Attila Total War and I really regret buying it. It doesn't even feel like a ""Total War"" game to me and everything feels completely foreign even after playing every other Total War game for years. For some reason you can't do something as simple as removing units from your army to defend a town, for example. I thought I was doing something wrong until users on forums confirmed this was not possible and that armies can't move without a general. There are an endless amount of menus and submenus that I don't feel like spending hours to learn about just to play a game. They added way too much to the complexity and as a result have taken all the fun out of it. That's not even counting all the crashes and bugs i've encountered in the very limited time I have played it so far."
76561198055461532,Not Recommended,325610,14839777,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Four Assed Monkey,What can I say... The politics kill the game. Can't ever improve loyalty without whoring your wives to curry favours with the leaders that are about to go rogue and no other way that I've seen to improve loyalty other than random bouts of devotion on part of your generals no matter how well things are going. This game used to be all about organizing armies and stomping off to kick thy neighbour's royal♥♥♥♥♥ Now I have to micromanage a bunch of power hungry brats and random buggers that sometimes have a loyalty of zero as soon as you hire them. It's annoying and simply pointless and kills the fun once you realise that all you've conquered can just vanish on the spot in one go and all that without a single enemy winning a single battle against you. Lay off the politics... It killed this game.
,Not Recommended,325610,14940708,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Kanye-East,"Dont buy it. By the time this game adds all the DLC it will cost around 120$ to get the whole game. If you already own Rome 2, just stick with that. In my opinion the time period for rome 2 was way more interesting anyways. Very dissapointed. I wish the industry took more pride in their work rather than doing it solely for money."
76561198073180945,Not Recommended,325610,18255464,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,SmeggyOldMan,"Disappointing. It's better than Rome II, but that's a pretty low bar.Lack of bug-fixing from CA is the most irritating part. They are aware of game-breaking bugs and have plenty of save game files with which to reproduce the issues and thus fix them - but they have done little in the past months.Sad, but not terribly surprising given CA's purchase by Sega."
,Recommended,325610,27714418,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,georg.exe <33 #Kulišák,It sucks but its good
76561198007626268,Not Recommended,325610,19604570,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,jotanietonahm,"Aburrido, la IA trampea uno de los peores total war que he jugado . Lo compre de oferta pero he tirado el dinero. Lo he desistalado tras intentar jugarlo varias horas"
76561198022856540,Recommended,325610,23073733,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Wibbles 22,spooks
76561198334276690,Not Recommended,325610,33496265,Posted: 12 July,all,clarketaiga142,Medieval 2 total war was much better and the UI interface in this is much too small and anoyying
76561198014227267,Recommended,325610,23084519,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Rudiger,I cannot play this game anymore ever since I tried to download one of Steams MODS for adding two factions Brittanny and Aquitaine. please help me decide if I should unistall without having to pay for it again
,Recommended,325610,14616268,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Thû,"DLC released after a week, fast let's give the game bad reviews! Kappa"
,Recommended,325610,14616372,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Failedkamikazi,10/10 would feel it Mr. Krabs
76561197961778383,Recommended,325610,20650860,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Iceman,My favourite Total War ever.
76561198007400431,Recommended,325610,23002572,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,ClayTrooper,"Great game, probably the best Total War game to date."
,Recommended,325610,19893987,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Papa Bless,epic
76561198261910832,Recommended,325610,22320438,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,TxEG Tempers,Lol i am so happy i got this game for $16 and now it is $44 :D
76561198083089019,Recommended,325610,15268705,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,The Swedish Flying Giraffe,"Ok I`ll keep it short...The game it self is great , its the game we did not get from Rome II And I haveing tons of fun playing it. But CA / SEGA please learn how to marketing you games. release Blood and gore before culture packs, and how you add many diffrent culture packs why not have at least half of them in the game from the start. So as I said in the start I love the game in many levels but CA / SEGA please take your Time and read you fans reviews and see your mistakes in Marketing.  Yes I understand you guys need to make money but if you keep doing this you will lose fans. So PLEASE try to get in the right path and listen to your Fans.Thank you for you time :) <3      Rate: 8/10"
76561198304975276,Not Recommended,325610,33486335,Posted: 12 July,all,TheWhiteWolf,It get boring after the first hour or so. It is a good game but I would only play it again if I have nothing to do.
76561198284207002,Recommended,325610,21712674,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Tiberius,This is a very cool game for those that like strategy games and Total War.
76561198008772589,Not Recommended,325610,20999137,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,[BOAP] Xaqq,"""Failed to initialise Steam !""""Are you Steam?""This game is bugged."
76561197994202048,Not Recommended,325610,33894749,Posted: 29 July,all,billy_lam26,CRITICAL ERROR IN THE MIDDLE OF GAMEPLAY!!!This is an absolute load of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t! SOme of you may end up experience a damn runtime error with this game! I want my ♥♥♥♥ing money back!!! Not recommended at all.
76561198076108909,Not Recommended,325610,31770328,Posted: 15 May,all,mhodson1982,"Downlaoded Atiila and DLC Charlemagne campaign and cant load either of them. i get as far as selecting a campaign through the menu then game tries to load campaign but I get a black screen through what I assume is a startup video at the start of campaign as i hear the sound (someone making a speech) but then screen remains black and eventually crashes. I have tried to load up min spec preferences script, uninstall and re-install, validating files, everything. Nothing seems to work. Shame, as the game looks great and desperate to play it!!!"
,Recommended,325610,15125716,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Pablo is my City,-Played as West Rome-Held back barbarian gang bang-Made East Rome my puppet state and give me 10000 gold10/10 Would make Rome my ♥♥♥♥♥ againIts a fantastic game. But I hate the dlc practices. Its well worth what you pay for the base game.
76561198031713702,Recommended,325610,14537442,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Oedipus's Stepdad,anal♥♥♥♥♥♥simulator 201510/10
76561198335357124,Not Recommended,325610,33945747,Posted: 1 August,all,107355,"With friends online for a long time, suddenly the version is incompatible, now a little interest"
,Recommended,325610,17361444,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Big boy,"So im pretty new to Total War, by no means am i an ""expert""I own Shogun 2, Rome 2, and Attila. I tried giving Shogun 2 and Rome 2 honest attempts but i couldn't ""get into"" them at all no matter how much i tried, but Attila was different. Something clicked with this game and me.Now its not perfect by any stretch of the imagination such as the roster of factions you can play as... come on.. you can do better than that.. don't turn into EA with faction DLCs.. oh wait.But getting around that atrocity im thoroughly enjoying the game, mind you im not too far into it so im sure i'll find more issues but right now, im loving it."
,Recommended,325610,15483805,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Bob Swaggin,"Why can't you just send men off from a main army or garrison them without a general like MTW? It would have been nice to see MTW's system of assigning a high rank troop as commander carried into this game because historically speaking fights, especially on the Brittish Isles, were generally small- about 60 to 80 men fought in most battles. While it may not be much fun to control maybe say 2 units in a fight, it would be nice to detach oh say 4 or more units to fight a revolt or ambush an army from another flank ect.."
76561198008707627,Recommended,325610,15611763,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,MordredViking,"A refreshing title despite all the DLC fracas. I love the way core game mechanics are modified to suit the setting (ability to desolate regions, encroaching winter, army encampment ""cities"".)Seriously, if you like strategy games at all, then I heartily recommend this."
76561197989667332,Recommended,325610,16287194,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,LookingForOwls,Completely silly to write factions into a game and then sell them as dlc. I won't be buying warhammer total war if this continues for sure.
76561198130739653,Recommended,325610,16483692,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,PALATINA,its so ♥♥♥♥ing cool
76561198021304846,Recommended,325610,15297580,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,easyboy10,love it
76561198046626318,Recommended,325610,15808205,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,I_is_Bowser,It's a good game with or without the dlc.
76561198181257993,Recommended,325610,15357511,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,rafaelmorandini,"The game is a HUGE improvement from Rome 2, the combat  is more realistic, bigger campaing map and the 'new' horde mechanism is awesome. Of course the whole DLC thing is a negative point but except for the blood one they really add up to the game but you can play very well with the game alonePros:-bigger map-combat improved-the huns as 'main antagonists'-better fire effectsCons:-hard time on the first campaing turns-By the end of the campaing most provinces will be burned or infertile-Blood&Burning DLC."
76561197985908527,Recommended,325610,15924262,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,joeltay81,"Great game. Finally, after a disastrous Total War: ROME II, with ATTILA, the Total War series is back on its track. This is one of the better Total War series game since its inception (I have the entire series). ATTILA features many diverse troop types allowing for a whole range of different strategies From Spearmen to Pikemen to Dogs. Unique to this edition is the addition Naval warfare -- especially siege ships which allow you to catapult flaming rocks into cities and other ships. City siege is also different from the previous series. Highly recommended."
76561198007248293,Recommended,325610,26445694,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,LoneWolf,This game is awesome.
,Recommended,325610,21201280,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,AusNz Dota2 | fict1on,nice game but needs a little rework
,Recommended,325610,33179385,Posted: 3 July,all,gimmerty,yaaa
,Recommended,325610,22739396,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,BoAli360,لعبة جميلة
76561197989583821,Recommended,325610,18194276,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Notalama,kk
,Recommended,325610,21778665,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Shoodyman,No cheats0/10 would not play again
76561198018557909,Recommended,325610,15271116,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,BaselineJunkie,"honestly  i do not think that this game is as good as Rome 2, however it is much better at release than Rome 2 was. at the moment there are some balancing issues and multiplayer is pretty much broken but in time this game will prove its worth, dont get me wrong it is still incredibly fun!"
,Recommended,325610,17148866,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Scooter,"Rome, on the verge of collapse from filthy barbarians swarming through the borders. Corruption runs wild and damn Sassanids and their client states swarm unchecked from the east. Then this basterd named Attila is born and summons forth and army of horse riding barbarians and burns everything to the gound making the once beautiful land of Europe (that has a hint of blood and bodies around every few feet from all the damn war) into a land of desolation.Sometimes the AI is smart and protects the flanks, and doom diving deep into your territories, bypassing your armies to burn a vital town to the ground before laughing as you chop them down to a man. If the hordes are ever stopped long enough for you to stabalize the kingdom you will be well off, assuming you don't run out of food and lose your empire to famine.Survive the tides of hordes, push past the famine and sickness, slaughter the rival kingdoms, and rebuild desolated europe after Attila is put in his grave.Great game, wonderful graphics that is a huge step from Rome II, pretty damn decent AI, as long as you are not playing on a toaster it will run good."
76561197992383924,Recommended,325610,17339564,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,B-money,"Rome 2 was terrible, we all know it... But, Attila is pretty well polished. The game is also damn difficult in the grand campaign until turn 250 or so. At that point my Danes were unstoppable only, I couldn't actually leave any of my settlements to go raid for fear of unrest. So, they were quite stoppable, just not by my enemies.If you install the RADIOUS total war overhaul and the RADIOUS units mod you might really enjoy the game! My current campaign as the Geats is pretty intense. I've been sieged by 5k units twice and had to depend on my allies to actually listen to my offensive-ally coordinates to have a change to survive.In my honest opinion:Great game, you should get it if you loved Shogun but, it should be cheaper."
09030628247545223,Recommended,325610,17507011,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Danushka,Definetly the best Total war game.It is very well done and really enjoyable.I highly recommend you buy it straight away and without hesitation!
76561198089158332,Recommended,325610,21214613,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,✪Captain AK-616,"Glad it is on linux, but the DLC should have been in the game at release."
76561198062423553,Recommended,325610,15277536,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Violent Sin,"Started as Sassanid empire, Proceeded to Subjugate every empire i come across.10/10 Would be Evil Tyrant again."
76561198006922114,Recommended,325610,15284224,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Nacho,The Huns are AWESOME! Screw everything else... well except for Sassanid elephants. :D
76561198038894498,Recommended,325610,21214544,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Griffin,"Not that bad, good for a 10 dollar sale."
,Recommended,325610,15790973,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Ol Capn Joe,CHARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGE ILL STAY AT THE BACK AND SECURE HIERS
,Recommended,325610,17140866,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,kopelt07,"I won't get down to the nitty gritty on this review, but I'll point out the strong and weak points that I personally see in Attila and try not to rant on in overemphasized detail and repetition. I'll try to keep it as simple and as short as I can.I haven't been on the Total War bandwagon for very long, I've only played since Rome 2 (over 1k hours between Rome 2 and Attila so far), but I've been an avid strategy lover and RTS player for my entire gaming life (2 decades). Games like Total War and others like Star Craft and so on... I won't go into detail on that or  make a list that gets off subject... My point is, is that I know a good strategy game when I see it, when it comes to all of the necessary elements and defining aspects that make an RTS or other strategy game a strategy game. Attila, in this aspect, is a great game.... but it is far from flawless for what it is and in comparison to it's earlier predecessors.... lets begin....AI AND DIFFICULTY:Attila is an improvement on Rome 2 in many ways, and one such way is the AI itself. The AI is much smarter (though the AI has always struggled and had a myriad of flaws since the beginning of the Total War series), but as long as it is a vast improvement on Rome 2 in this aspect, I'm a happy guy. And it is certainly an improvement....I've put in about 400 hours on Attila so far and I've yet to see a battle where the AI does absolutely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ stuff like abandoning perfectly good and effective siege equipment in an assault to go charge the walls extremely early when they're still standing and well defended... I've yet to see the AI run around (or get stuck in one spot) with wall ladders in the middle of the field just letting itself get hammered by arrows.... I've yet to see the AI charge an entire army with just one overspread unit (doesn't even break formation, which is the only point in this that I see)... I've yet to the AI abandon a siege that it's about to win (or is at least currently winning) for no freaking reason at all.... I've yet to see the AI in Attila do a number of absolutely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ things that it did in Rome 2, and for this, Attila is definitely a welcomed improvement. Now the AI still does questionable things regularly, but at least they're only questionable instead of outright stupid and ridiculous! This is acceptable to me and most people, as patches and future DLC will always polish this up. Overall, the AI is pretty good for what is expected in a Total War game.The difficulty is also a good improvement. In Rome 2, as far as actual AI intelligence, strategical implementation, and diplomatic involvement were concerned, the game stopped getting HARD at the actual hard difficulty level... The only thing that Very Hard and Legendary did was throw in unrealistic and random diplomatic penalties and ridiculous buffs to the AI so that it was over powered... but the AI itself was still just as ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, still just as unadaptive, and still just as bugged.... it was awful. Because of the unrealistic and unfounded diplomatic penalties and AI buffs on VH and L difficulty, I never played them once discovering this, because it took away from the realism of the game for the sake of making it harder in stupid ways that don't make any sense in a game based on historical accuracy and realism...Now this still works the same way in Attila, it's a game and there's only so many ways that they can make it harder as you get to VH and L difficulty. However, it's actually balanced now, and I personally have noticed a more intelligent AI when you get to these levels (though not very much). So now, there's somewhat of a point to playing on VH and L difficulty if you're looking to keep the realism and historical accuracy somewhat in tact.All in all, in comparison to Rome 2's AI (though Attila is using the same engine I might add), Attila is a vast improvement and actually a challenging game without being utterly ridiculous and unrealistic in order to do so. This is a very welcomed change.GRAPHICS:The Graphics are largely the same as they were in Rome 2. I personally don't see too much of a difference other than polishes and minor tweaks and minor improvements. Oddly enough: though there is hardly any real significant improvements to the actual graphics quality and rendering, Attila is way less smooth than Rome 2 is. Attila on Ultra settings performs noticeably worse than Rome 2 on Ultra settings (pointing out again that there is little difference between the two); so the performance SHOULD be about the same..... but it's not.All in all, if you played Rome 2 and got well aquainted with its aesthetics, don't go into Attila expecting something spectacular and greatly improved...... because it's simply not there.DESOLATION:The whole desolation option is awesome, simply because it was a real tactic that was used back then (though only in the right circumstances and by certain ruthless cultures). Adding in a new and additional real life tactic was a nice refreshment...... However, there is one downside to it: Factions that aren't even hordes, or who were never even known to use such tactics OVERUSE this option like a crack addict!!! In my grand campaign right now, half of the total of unoccupied land is desolate... when I discovered Greece (playing as Geats), ALL of it was desolate... It's a great new tactic and feature, but it is extremely imbalanced and the AI just doesn't use it reasonably at all.One of the biggest reasons for going to war in this age (or at all in human history for that matter) was to conquer and gain land! Not just destroy the entire earth by burning every single thing you conquered.... only very few in history have done that, but everybody else actually wanted to gain something from their conquests, and destroying everything simply renders that impossible and pointless.... There needs to be A LOT of new logic algorithms and action-set-rules added to this feature and the AI to make it what it should be. But as of right now, it's just awful and half of my empire has been gained by just resettling desolate regions...... how fugging boring and downright ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ is that.....FACTIONS:There aren't as many playable factions in Attila (YET) as there were in Rome 2, but in total there are just about as many (guestimating, not using real figures here). Attila still has a ton of factions to play with, and unless you do nothing with your life but play this game, there's no way you could do a grand campaign with every faction.... please, go do something with yourself like everybody else... get outside. go meet people. go eat something. please. for the love of God.Yes, I think the option to play as any faction should be there don't hear what I'm not saying... I just think that if you already have a handful of factions that you want to play as already, that there's not really a big deal if some others aren't available..... unless again, all you do is play this game and you have some crazy goal to play a grand campaign as every faction that exists or something.... please go do something with yourself.... please. because nobody else will do that... You're one of the few, if not the only one that will.DLC:Though some of it is ""meh...."" at least CA hasn't been near as money grabbing with this game as they were with Rome 2 (at least yet anyway)! Somebody is trying to keep their greed in check it seems, and for that, I applaud you. Just keep it up, don't ruin it please. Try releasing a free DLC every now and then like CDRedProjekt!!! They're definitely doing it right.OTHER:I'm running out of characters so I'll end this here.... Largely, Attila isn't a far cry from Rome 2 or any other Total War game. You just have a different time period, new diplomacy elements, small story elements in the grand campaign, vastly improved AI and battle mechanics, return of the family tree, new post-battle options, hordes, and that's about it. Good game though, I personally recommend"
76561198007578763,Recommended,325610,17202825,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,dodger042,"The most difficult of the Total War games - and I have played them all since the first Shogun.After struggling with liking this game, I gave it a serious effort, and to be successful in this game you need patience, solid strategy, and more patience. I'm currently playing through the Ostrogoth campaign, after having lost two times - third time is the charm. I like the challenge, I like that it is not easy.Still not the best Total War out there, but it is growing on me."
,Recommended,325610,15293562,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Chipt'Beef,"It would be nice if all DLC was free and I do think the prices are high.  Everyone just needs to go into a Total War game thinking it cost $100.  It's the price of a mod friendly game (hopefully soon) from a large company w/ many employees.  Anyway, another great title from CA & Sega.  Total War Charlemagne next please."
76561198023336086,Recommended,325610,15296260,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,SubParAlpha (LFgroup),"This game is a blast. Everything that you love about the total war franchise but with all the little tweaks and twerks that are missing. I glad they went back to 4 season per turn. I'm looking forward to mod support so i can exsperment with some mods. My only complaint is that corruption late game seems to get atronamically high. I understand why they do this but, i've read reports of people getting over 100% corruption and actually losing money. There got to be a way for them to balance large empires that doesnt stick it to the player so hard. I'd love to take over the entire know world, but it seems that is not an option right now. Graphics are beuitfull even with my mid range duel card set up. I'm going to buy a new graphics card just for this game!Don't mess around, just buy it and love it. I reccomend you find a friend that likes it too bc the multiplayer is amazing. I just wish the second player could do a little more durring the 1st player's turn. Even if you could just que up your buildings and que up where your armies are going to move. That would dramatically increase the speed of multiplayer."
76561198056788378,Recommended,325610,15784161,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Mrtom03,I think that every one who says that this game is a rip off id say to them that the only rip off DLC is blood and buning and even then it 2 dollars which i can live with so i dont even really mind but to any one who says to not buy the culture packs DONT BUY THEM IF U DONT WANT TO IT OESNT REALLY MATTER IF U DO OR NOT if u wanna buy the DLC's i wouldnt say not to i find the basic stand alone Attila awsome the DLC's just add to the fun so go ahead AND PILLAGE THE LANDS OF ROME!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198109233713,Recommended,325610,17213474,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Lord Gamer,A polished version of rome 2 very playable will stick to Medieval 1 and 2 or rome 1 through
,Recommended,325610,17389099,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,mjkiller451,Really fun game wish people who make mods for it would update them makes game much better to play recommed this game if u love a rts
76561198095475421,Recommended,325610,17506070,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Tommyboy,Attila seems like Rome 2 yet upgraded in many ways. If your a fan of Rome Total War games  you'll likley enjoy Attila.Rating: 7.9 out of 10
,Recommended,325610,15500150,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Thunder Death 2,i am so mad about total war warhammer i guess ill have to enjoy atilla and pretend its medevial 3
76561198029606488,Recommended,325610,16039278,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Sam Fish,"My favourite so far, far from perfect but at least i can run it :3"
,Recommended,325610,15299206,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,NetGuru,"Rome II with improvements, good historical battles and campaign."
,Recommended,325610,14640282,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,I Sell Orange Soda 🍊,Plague Inc Simulator 2.0
,Recommended,325610,14630494,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Bugaboo the Dictator,"This game is pretty amazing except for one infuriating flaw. The made the political system more complex. I don't play Total WAR for micro managing the influence and loyalty of over a dozen people. It makes this game irritating to play. Thats not how it should be. I'm going to go play Civ until I get over my frustration with this stupid family tree system.Edit: The family tree isn't actually bad. I just stupidly got myself into a civil war. However, support for the game is terrible and I experienced more than a few crashes."
76561198119016510,Recommended,325610,14519152,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,bajsonja,So far realy great game with so much to offer.
76561197976007244,Recommended,325610,21017770,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Rakan,"This is amazing game, something you should buy, for both the mods and the DLC's i wish i had a stronger computer to play this game in max settings. 10/10"
76561198084722337,Recommended,325610,21018940,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,NachoAverage,-starts as Saxons-declares war on Franks-loses battle-now i have no army-starts new game as Saxons-ally with Franks-275 turns later im the second most powerful faction in the land10/10 would ally with Franks again
76561198006538737,Recommended,325610,21020600,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Belisarius Potato,Good Mechanics. Polished. Alternate styles of play. This Total War game is highly under-rated.
,Recommended,325610,21034066,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Manablight,Total War!
76561198034086558,Recommended,325610,18088926,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Skrotum,The dlc is strong in this one!Very good besides thatGot slaughtered by Attila.10/10 would be slaughtered bt Attila again.
,Recommended,325610,18107683,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,bayer neverlsuen,Best Total war Game. N/A
76561198059992310,Recommended,325610,19650952,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Ziggy,I like ti but it has a little bit to complicated politics.Ai is bad in siege.unit cards are not as good as they should be.I like the campaign and that they added hords which are interesting.Not enugh influential faction leaders.to much political cost.to great upkeep.Like that the razing and sacking was added...
,Recommended,325610,19643610,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Veen32,This game is fun
76561198018470037,Recommended,325610,19643609,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,ThorHammer731,"I really dont know what all the complaining is about this game or Rome II for that matter or any of the Total War games in the whole picture. I love history based strategy games and all the Total War games do that for me especially with all the mods. I guess its not cartoonish or stupid pixils like most games these days and to address the all the bugs what games these dont have bed bugs but that goes with the territory i guess from poor no respectful punk that plays games to play games instead of respecting history that games comes. I bet most of the bad reviewers cant even say who won WW2 unless they learned it from a zombie based game.For that matter i will say i enjoy all the Total War series games but i will not be buying the warhammer because its not history based which makes Total War successful but hell it will be more profitable than others i suppose. I dont get to play as much as I like due to job and RL matters but its worth the pickup and like some other reviewers has explained get the DLC when on sell, but i bet they pay for all DLC for that stupid♥♥♥♥♥games that are supposable free to play but hey what the heck. If you like war and history just buy the game and conquer!!!"
76561198162610930,Recommended,325610,34594897,Posted: 29 August,all,Zer0†imez,Good game  Best Huns
76561198038071060,Recommended,325610,17561434,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Django03,"excellent strategy, ai is a suffcient challenge, and the community is very helpful and active. Multiplayer can be a little bit meta based, but what multiplayer isnt these days (looking at you hearthstone)definately gives you that one more turn feeling that you crave in a strategy game, with the combat that feels very crisp and rewarding when executed correctly8/10as a side note, the dlc decisions by creative assembly/sega are questionable at best, but as someone who needs to earn a living i can relate. if you enjoy the game, you will want it in all its parts, and it also continues to support the game studio to improve upon ai, bugs, etc."
,Recommended,325610,16435065,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,rain,"Your lucky, CA."
76561198035650656,Not Recommended,325610,34565790,Posted: 28 August,all,[1stTX.F] 1stSgt Saris,"I loved every Total War game before this one and would play each one for hours but I can't get myself to play Attila. Fighting finishes in a second, campaign is extremely boring. Too much♥♥♥♥♥♥to deal with."
76561198108134718,Recommended,325610,19650130,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Bunsen Burner,"Unlike so many of the other reviews of this game, i really did enjoy this game.  Most aspects of this game which are not popular of rdisliked can be modded to your liking onthe workshop.  With the right mod build, this is can be a gem."
76561198038704210,Not Recommended,325610,28054839,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,samurai.art,"Couldn't get past the title screen wasted my time with several fixes on the sega support page without sucess & I'm not the only one as I found during my search for a solution I found many others with the same issue, shame as I love the total war series. Not good Sega! :("
76561198092539684,Recommended,325610,14633805,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,President Donald Trump,"I got an odd satifaction when i was done killing the army, THEN all the civlians in the city of constatonoble. 10/10 would get this again."
76561198259687174,Recommended,325610,27891183,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Grim Reaper,"♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING GAME, DON'T GIVE ANY♥♥♥♥♥♥OF WHAT ANYONE SAYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,325610,19684288,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,EG | Blue,9/10 game ingnore mixed reviues
76561198034464048,Not Recommended,325610,19688931,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,kookie,Two weeks into the game and I hate it. The fight is good but when I throw three horse unit again one spare unit and lost im confused how value is calculated. :(One thing that really bother me is the family loyalty and support... etc. I just dont understand it. Waste of my time trying to play the game. Just keep it simple like Total War: Shogun.I how the people at sega is listening. I want to play the game not dig into family tree politic. :(Fraustrating with this game so far.Highly don't recommended. Going backto play Total War: Shogun
76561197972323874,Recommended,325610,19425991,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Tetlship,"WTF is everyones problem with this game??? Gamers these days are too picky ""ohhh the graphics arn't good"" ""Ohhh the AI is terrible"" boo hooIf you liked Rome II (even before the first patch) then you'll like this game...to me it seems like they made a solid game...sure CA are a bunch of jews with their DLCs but thats why you wait for a decent sale.8.99$ for three factions? CA suck my winkie dinkie BUT 2.99$ well then okieI suppose one could go and torrent this game but to each their ownI leik it fu.k you"
76561198164896597,Recommended,325610,21065273,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,bmcintire,so cool :)
76561198160616659,Not Recommended,325610,23874808,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Zmaj,The old rome is better than this♥♥♥♥♥
76561197967942268,Not Recommended,325610,16787163,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,w00ty,steam let me demo the game for 2 days. i bought it and changed my mind. it's too late because i played the demo more than 2 hours.yet another steam scamSTEAM SUCKS DONKEY DIK
76561198021575321,Recommended,325610,14517782,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Fulgrimm,"This game is really great , It probably going to set the new standard for the series. I like the fact that there is a bigger dept to the economy, military and basically everything!Probably the best Total War game since Medieval TW 1."
,Recommended,325610,14517728,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,godfather83,"had it pre-ordered and playing right now Geats (one of the Forefathers DLC nations), and it's what I wanted - A NEW Total War game, with new system. Plenty of new things, such as Hordes and Governing System, plus Politics really works well this time (and many more, it just I don't want to spol to much!).It look's very similar to TW:ROME 2 but still it's a something completly NEW and it's worth any cent :)Don't waste no more time.Definetelly Buy It.Stunning graphics. Nice theme music. Game didn't crash out not even once which is very good :)So far so Good :) that's exactly what I was waiting for. for long, winter-cold months :)thank you CA! you'r DA BEST!"
76561198041982895,Recommended,325610,14518765,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Charlemagne The King,"Now, this may just be my computer, but I found the game to be very laggy at times. The very first time I played the game, it crashed on me. Other than that, the game is solid, and goes from Rome as a fledgling empire that we saw in Rome II, to one that is crumbling, and new barbarian kingdoms being born *cough the Huns cough* the game has a (semi) new premise that makes it feel fresh, with new factions that were never before seen in a Total War game. Great game."
,Recommended,325610,14517239,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Benny,"Far better release than Rome II. Bug-free so far as I can tell, load times and AI thinking time is decent. The new ""nomad"" mechanics play well. Many small and medium streamlined changes keep managing your empire fresh and exciting. Seems like a winner to me."
76561198035473142,Recommended,325610,14517521,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Ba_alzy,"Now this is what Rome II should have been.a lovly smattering of new features ,improved UI and fluid game play added with an extremly bug free game launch  has made pre-purchasing this game worthwhile1 issue though :P   arrows  :(     really do not like the look of these arrows..its like there firing smoke flares or somethingall in all  a great launch..now to add a few hundred hours gameplay ^^"
76561198097570781,Recommended,325610,14518339,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Zemaitis32,"SO MUCH IMPROVEMENT!!!This game is much improved over Rome II, its what Rome II should have been in everyway, the only thing is that you need a strong rig to run it, if you play around with the graphical settings you can keep a stable framerate, in Rome II the framerate would randomly, dramaticly drop for no apparent reason, here it seems as if its been sorted out.  If you have problems running Rome II, I would reccoment lowering army unit size, it helps a lot. Although its a very demanding game for your hardware, the lower settings look MUCH better than they did in Rome. :)9/10- An avid total war fan"
,Recommended,325610,14518380,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Pickorita,"After Total War Rome 2 I was totally not sure should I get this game or not. I decided to give it a go and so far I'm not disappointed.- They brought Family Tree back which is amazing and gives you totally new feel of the game.- Hun nomad system is amazing, you can plunder villages, raze them and more.- Huns are able to put their settlements everywhere and upgrade them.- Each faction has its own little movie before you start campaign.- Year is 4 turns long - 4 seasons which is amazing as well.- There is definitely less lag and more stabilisation in the game.Game looks good so far - 17th Feb 2k15. I might edit this later."
76561198077790717,Recommended,325610,14518698,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,NobleStar,"Similar with the rest Total War series, but the best yet..."
,Recommended,325610,35006646,Posted: 16 September,all,Scott,Made 10x better with modsFor example I watched Sauron fist fight Aragorn in a 1v1 to the death surrounded by Uruk-hai
,Recommended,325610,14516246,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,KingKush421,i like this game alot! played for a lil while and no problems
,Recommended,325610,15841498,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Vander,"7.5/10To much a spin-off from Rome 2, but is still different enough to be a good game is it's own right."
76561198038585631,Recommended,325610,17946689,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Davian Cool,if you love cav you will love Atilla if you dont well you gonna have a hard time
76561198034681152,Recommended,325610,17954529,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Sinterclair,"Total war Attila is a good game, it's fun to play. The game offers many ways to play it and it's fun for a long time. You're able to fight massive land battles, siege a town or land your schips at the port of constantinople and take the city by the sea)This game is especially fun to play online or with friends. (In single player you'll notice that the AI use basically the same tactics over and over)A small thing i liked was to see that all the factions in the game and there movements on the map are (kind of/a bit, it's still a game) historically correct.If you like Total war this game, you'll like Attila. It might not be the best idea to buy it as your first total war game.So if you like the total war franchise and the roman empire and barbarians i would recommend this game.It's just stupid you have to pay extra money to play with 'factions' that are already in the (main) game. (Also these dlc are way to expensive)."
76561197998632511,Recommended,325610,17956807,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Look Behind You,"Great game, anyone who gives it thumbs down for the dlc price isn't thinking straight. Just buy it when its on sale."
76561198026036503,Recommended,325610,17958504,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,TheCell,"Total War: ATTILA is the spiritual successor to TW: Rome II,It offers a diverse roster of factions to play as and has an apocalyptic atmosphere as the people in the world really thought it was ending at the time due to the collapse of the Roman Empire, multiple diseases and a cold creeping in from the north. This resulted in multiple failed harvests etc. and is fleshed out really well in TW: A.The new horde mechanic makes starting as a migrating faction a lot of fun, you can choose to raid and pillage your way throughout old and weakened empires, choose to wipe entire cities off the map (that disappear ingame too) or sail for warmer lands and settle down there.Total War: ATTILA offers players an apocalyptic feel with the technical options that were missed in TW: Rome II (family tree, disease, seasickness, migration, horde factions, longer event chains possibly resulting in an in-game reward)It's a must-play for any fan of the Total War franchise."
,Recommended,325610,14514977,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Shria Abuffe,"So far so good.  I wouldn't sell it as anything more than Rome II.V - those waiting for a *complete* revision to the status quo are probably better off waiting for the next installment (likely Medieval 3).Most of the revisions seem centered around the civil aspects of the game.  This is a possible bias, as I felt Rome II's civil aspect was unusually shallow, and disappointing.  But now, the faction menu is more than a feeble reference to arbitrary information - you'll be visiting it a lot, as it's now relevant on a changing basis and beneficial.The graphics are improved marginally, but I will say that the lack of blood effects reeks helplessly of some pocket-change DLC close on the horizon.  I'm kind of irritated at this recurring Parental Setting For Sale that Creative came up with but, at least it's cheap.  Shoulda had it ready for launch.  A quick couple of peeks through the graphic settings didn't show a [ ]Gore option, forgive me if it's actually there but buried in some unlikely menu. (In one Faction's starting cinematic it's hilariously absent, and a Roman Statesman looks like he's just playing along like a good sport while he gets stage-stabbed.)Siegecraft remains pretty similar, as do battles.  The stances are back again, with only a couple little changes.  (Pre-battle resource management has been touched up and clarified, making your ""Fortify"" stance make more sense.)  I'm happy to see new maps and not just reskinned ones.  They still emphasize choke points, and logistics.The only thing I haven't tried in earnest is possibly the game's most characterized addition; Migrating.  You evidently turn your city into a roving horde and inundate some other territory that you like better.  This is a likely mechanic for a game set in the Great Migrations era (or at least just before it) but again, I haven't actually tried the mechanic yet.As a last note, research is nearly identical to its former self, which has never felt spot-on to me in the TW series, but it's serviceable.  For the most part, I'm relieved there isn't some ridiculous hidden Food mechanic just waiting to kick my knees in and make me crawl through the campaign.  Food is still there, but it's handled better.For newcomers: Total War is a franchise that deals with a familiar Risk-like campaign map, but whose battles take place on a battle map with live strategy elements.  My guess is, if you're interested in Atilla, you've played at least one game in this franchise by now."
76561198102316631,Recommended,325610,17993682,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,TPBandit,"if youve just boughten a better card for this game recently then your going to be sadly dissapointed due to the fact that this game is VERY poorly optimized, with my gtx 980 ti im lucky to get 18 fps in the benchmark demo on MAX settings...-.- have to play it on quality/performace in order to get 30-40.... my old graphics card ran it better then this a gtx 760.... how does this make sence... but gameplay wise this game is great i love it all personaly so i highly suggest it but if you have recently bought a great card expecting awesome performace and breathtakeing visuals your going to be dissapointed...:/ like me...."
76561198032411811,Recommended,325610,14515038,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Hela,"This review, until I update it is based on first impressions of the first four hours. So bear that in mind.Total War: Attila is the game Rome 2 should have been. That's a rather bold statement straight out the gate but it's definately an apt description. Immediately the game introduces you to a ton of new elements that either are returning favorites or brand new ideas. Everything has a much more in depth coat of paint to it and an apocalyptic dark ages feel. Make no mistake either, This is truly the Dark age being depicted here.The gameplay feels responsive, far more so than before, and there's a weight to every click and push. It's very punishing for stupid mistakes but rewards brilliance. The interface is somehow streamlined while being even more in depth. The unit cards have much more 'at a glance' descriptions of traits as compared to Rome 2's graph and stats cluster♥♥♥♥ of comparing making much easier to keep track of which units are good for what and why. The tech trees are also much more simplified as you can clearly see them spread out all in one big tree instead of the multiple pages you had to go through in rome 2. Returning from Previous games is the family tree system, it combines with the Rome 2 factions system to make politics much more in depth than ever before and much more engaging. the ability to assign governors and people into positions of power in your society also add much needed depth to the experience. The level up system is also dramatically improved for named characters back into a tree of abilities rather than simply going by the cards that didnt tell you what came after that in the tree without dragging back up the clunky encyclopedia every time. Overall, everything feels much more intelligently designed.As for optimization, lolwat? there's very very little of it. I found several bugs that were atrocious and hopefully will quickly be patched, driver issues mostly to be honest.EDIT: As it turns out these optimization issues were mainly on my end as my drivers were outdated, once my drivers were properly updated it seems to be running fineVisually the game is stunning, It's gorgeously presented, the detail is incredible and the whole thing is much more detailed and real looking.The AI is frustratingly unforgiving even on the easiest settings you'll be carefully managing your provinces and struggling for funds if you're playing as one of the smaller factions or the viking forefathers faction. The Diplomacy is extremely difficult as most factions refuse any proposals I have without even looking at them despite us being on good terms, Even the most reasonable of ones like trade it seems no one is interested in. As a result I find myself constantly strapped for cash to upgrade provinces, and buy more units which despite having a possibilty of fielding 8 armies according to my imperium I cannot even afford 2 full armies and this change is one I do not like. Perhaps it's intentional? But it feels like it's a crapshoot between trying to position your armies to predict your enemies movements. And the amount of movement range seems to be absurd on ships,forcing the pathfinding to take unnessecarily longer routes preventing you from reaching an enemy ship that should easily be in range giving them time to launch a sneak attack out of no where across a river within 2 turns of their last army being destroyed. Almost as if the AI is cheating to make the game feel more difficult and hectic, it definately works but as a result leaves me frustrated as cheap shot doomstacks come out of no where and lay siege to my townsOverall, I reccomend Attila if you're a fan of Total War, and were burned by Rome 2's dissapointing start this is the game for you."
,Recommended,325610,14515398,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Weed_420,สนุกดีครับ เพลินมาก ปรับปรุงอะไรหลายอย่างดีขึ้นกว่าเดิมให้ 8.5/10 เพราะยังมีบั๊ค และกราฟฟิกค่อนข้างกะหลั่ว
,Recommended,325610,29459123,Posted: 24 January,all,Takujin,#Make Europe Great Again.
76561198026773582,Not Recommended,325610,24110992,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,roninisc,"+its TW-same old crap voices and sounds-/+ interface changed, seems slightly more kid oriented.Overall game would still be a thumbs up, but since most reviews are up, and this is a critical review I've selected down.Was quite disappointed to start a new era in (sort of) new game, and hear the same voices and accents they've been using forever, which sucked even when they were new.I suppose they think it's all about new graphics and design, which a large part is, but really-- GET BETTER VOICES.  Really tired of hearing some horrible voice actor mangling an accent speaking cheesy phrases.   Any metropolitan area should have access to people of a plethora of nationalities, or maybe you even have them in your firm.  This is SEGA for god sake, dont tell be there is no budget for this; just get the Polish intern or Middle Eastern delivery guy in the studio for a few hours if you have to. (not suggesting those people couldn't be higher ranking, just that they wouldnt be bothered for voiceover work, for all you soc-jus warriors out there)  Also nice when you play a desert tribe and the advisor is British. wtf.  IIRC at least the advisor was of your nationality before.Its really a shame this is a lacking element as its so important for overall experience and should be so easy and cheap.  fail."
76561198196047738,Recommended,325610,16744089,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,paxtonsmathers,The most recent update to the game has messed up all the textures to the game.
76561198111388625,Recommended,325610,16733702,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Buster Hymen,"Attila is kinda like rome 2, but with less content."
76561198012915042,Not Recommended,325610,19325468,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,erlingheusm1,"Crap, looks so fake. another weird new engine. looks not real. graphics are getting worse these last several years for totalwar while their pc hardware demands are skyrockinng.???What the hell???"
76561198039797784,Not Recommended,325610,21042707,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Gnatz,I have tried this game; and I am left wanting.
,Recommended,325610,16278140,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,John Thomas,I sink more money into these series then I do time :/I believe Empire/Napoleon/Shogun 2/Medieval 2 are the best.Whos ready to sink in more money for the Warhammer?10/10 would lose house again!
76561198037133221,Recommended,325610,20152799,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Floki,Allot of people say it's allot like tw Rome 2 but i must say that it is only the layout is the sane witch I think acualty helps as it means that you don't have to get familer to a new layout highly recommend this as I have had a lot of fun playing it
76561198271713609,Not Recommended,325610,35358099,Posted: 30 September,all,CARL THE PINYATA,It is like rome total war 2 which was better than this the steam workshop does not make it better
,Recommended,325610,14717777,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Hobotango,"Paying 50$ for a game,  already two DLC out, costing each around 10$....Really ?   so thats 70$ if you want to enjoy the full game as of now, will probably go up to 150$ at the end of it.....Great game, but just wait for Mods in order to play other factions."
76561198081606493,Recommended,325610,14582044,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Grommbir,"Hilariously roflpwnd my way through eastern Europe with Jutish 10th century vikings and captured the Crimea.Now i'm working on my crazy pagan Black Sea empire. To hell with the victory conditions, I absolutely love the horde system.My rating: 9/10Recommended mods:http://www.twcenter.net/forums/forumdisplay.php?2105-Total-War-Attila-Mod-Threads"
,Recommended,325610,15590742,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Oullim,This game is awsome it has so much new features! Even the negative reviews think so from reading there reviews but everyone is raging about optinal dlcs that are not necessary! You are really complaning about spending extra money on fries in a burger that you thought was amazing! But you say it sucks cause you had to pay for the fries! The blood dlc is only seprate from the game so they dont have high violence ratings on the game. Sure 9 dollars for 3 new factions is a bit over the top but no need to say the game sucks for it! I like this game so im giving it a thumbs up. Also warhammer sucked.
,Not Recommended,325610,21630193,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Agent Orange,"I was sort of suprised at how bad this game is.  There's not much else to say about it, other than it took me over two hours to figure that out.If you do like the Total War franchise you'd do best to save your money for the warhammer version coming out."
,Recommended,325610,28246107,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Ejbre,Great Game! I would get it if you like Total War Series
76561198039910607,Recommended,325610,16343325,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,DarkSideofthePoon,A great recovery for Total War after the release of Rome 2.
76561198106087544,Recommended,325610,16343998,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Hendry94,Good game.
76561198033936761,Recommended,325610,34080991,Posted: 7 August,all,Daviano,"I'm Daviano, and this is my favorite game on Steam."
76561198004380186,Recommended,325610,19636876,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,DavidLAD,good game
,Not Recommended,325610,24225443,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Helicopter,"Quite dissapointed with this game, it was not what it was touted to be. There are few reasons to get this game if you already have Rome II. The system of unit replacement with technology really breaks the economic system of game through rising upkeep costs, and creates a lack of variety in armies throughout the campaign. Battles are played out far too quickly, with little time to enact a strategy before your units disintegrate through the accelerated combat speeds. Also, the Western Roman Empire campaign is extremely boring, and there is no way of unrigging the unfair odds placed against you at any point in the campaign. Squalour system is ridiculous and not historically authentic.A really poorly designed and balanced campaign, and battles feel too much like an arcade game."
76561198107069603,Not Recommended,325610,24513740,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Saratoga,"Lets start off with the pros:Its a good game for sequel to rome 2New countries to play asVikingsCombat is still the sameCity styleConsNot enough countries to play its basically all the countries that you couldn't play in rome 2Rome is huge but has like no tech and gets mauled right off the batPlaying as East or West Rome is sucide because everyone hates youTakes to long for Rome to resarch enough for a good armyVikings are meh for a nation of straight warriorsNomads can only pillage, not take over cities and still gives the pilliage penlty because you have to pillageLagNot enough playable countriesBoth Rome's built to lose no matter what (Its hard to salvage the nation which is worth the challenge but since this is late Rome they should have a technology boost but you start off with little to no army)Personally I like Total War. Its way to difficult to start out and you funnel hours of time to get started with a already devolped nation acting like whats a iron shield, and at that point playing is not worth the time, it would make sense for you to start with a large army thats not trained and has low morale so it makes combat harder but this game is just no."
76561197992144278,Not Recommended,325610,24073541,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Aux.| mo0nbuggy1,"It's more or less the same thing, I'm glad I got it on special because it's not worth full price, in-fact, this game should of been release as an expansion for Rome 2 as it's essentially the exact same game with some minor tweaks and bonus features, certainly not a stand alone which they've sold it as.There are severe balancing issues with the game which I'm sure can be fixed with mods, however it's sad that the only way I can play Total War games these days is with mod overhauls.It's not a bad game, it's just the same game, it's fun, if you liked Rome 2 you'll probably like this.If you can get it on sale I'd recommend it otherwise it's not worth more than $15.00.Still better than that warhammer rip off."
,Recommended,325610,21432957,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Thomjake,gg
,Not Recommended,325610,14515163,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,MattBlueshift,Alright. Well this game has officially disappointed me. I fight a battle in rome. I get stuttering. And this is on a graphics setting that i shouldnt have to run on. Gameplay is still fine. The graphical and video errors make me want to go back to rome 2. I give this a 2/10. Hopefully they patch this a lot.
,Recommended,325610,14641428,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Formerxboxgamer,Attila's Ultra Exfoliating City Cleansing Brush!Now with added death!
,Recommended,325610,15016712,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,damianvincent,"Great and vast improvement over previous total war titles. Many new systems introduced including land fertility, which as the game progresses the winters get harsher, bringing down the fertility of the land, and this leads to the 2nd cool new feature, the migratory system. Factions from the north as the fertility rate drops may look to migrate to warmer more fertile lands in the south, playing as one of these factions should you choose to uproot, you'll have to natigate your people through others lands, or ravage your way across the map to where you want to settle, which of course is already occupied, very interesting things going on with these new mechanics. There is a hord system now, which the Huns use, however any faction can pick up and become a hord.This game takes place as the Roman empire has been split in two, with the Western Roman Empire and the Eastern Roman empire. By this point the Western Roman empire is on the verge of collapse, which makes playing as them extremely challening. The AI has been vastly improved with this title as well, I'm a veteran total war player and used to kicking butt across the map, however as of the 11 battles I've fought so far, I've actually lost 5 of them! So great improvment upon the AI, especially the battle AI. There is a new fire mechanic wich is freaking awesome, you an set any building upon fire, and the fire spreads to other buildings. You can sit back with enough archers and catapults and burn a city to the ground as opposed to taking it if you wanted. Not a good strategy for settlements you wish to incorporate but great fun for sacking/raiding/razing!All in all, so far this is one of the best, if not the best total war title to date in my opinion, I highly recomend people check it out!"
,Not Recommended,325610,14750215,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,[One] Discobiscuit,"Another failure by Creative Assembly. Multiplayer battles are bland and campaign is currently unplayable. However, they managed to release two DLCs already even though you cannot play the game to try them. After the failure of Rome 2 I had faith that Creative Assembly had learned their lesson. Fool me once shame on you. Fool me twice shame on me. Also, I have an Nvidia graphics card, don’t even think about buying the game if you have AMD."
76561198020284183,Not Recommended,325610,18360026,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,4D chess,dlc whoring at its highest power level
76561197987909344,Not Recommended,325610,14745658,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,isamurai,DLC whoring.
,Recommended,325610,16460312,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,GussiePotato,"Micro Transactions (DLC) are here to stay.  I am sorry but its true.  I bought Ultima IV for $60 in like 1987.  I just bought the newest GTA for $60.  Thats zero inflation.  Video games are a bargain when you consider the  development costs.  If you think you are going to get a major title production for $20 with free DLC you are just flat out wrong.  Wake up and join the year 2015.  Studios arent going to make high quality games at a loss.Also , look at the scattered remains of dead game Studios.  2K Australia made the awesome Bioshock games and they are gone.  Looking Glass Studios was awesome back in the day!  Maxis closed its Emeryville studio.  THey made the SIMS for goodness sake!I pay full price for titles I want when they are released because I love this hobby.  I completely understand if you can't afford to do that and its a choice I make for myself, but STEAM has awesome sales if you just wait.  Usually 33% to almost 75% depending on the time and the title.   You can't find stuff like Total War on consoles.  I will be a Computer Gamer until the day I die and I will pay the price to support my hobby.  I don't think Coders, Artists,  and other people in the trenches at CA are bringing home $500k per year at our expense.  Plus have you noticed that some DLC goes on Sale on Steam for like 2 bucks or less?  I bought Europa Universalis  IV a long time ago and just picked up a bunch of DLC for $0.49 each!People!  Eat one less burger!  Drink one less beer!  Skip a night out at the movies and wait for it to be on Red Box!  Support your gaming hobby or you wont have anything to BITC** about!"
76561198078396748,Not Recommended,325610,32704662,Posted: 23 June,all,Cursoryrabbit3,This game is trash there is not a good thing to say about it . The ai cheats and is very dumb. all it dose is spam♥♥♥♥♥♥stack armys and sucide them into your citys. It has a never ending supply of money and can recrut far more troops per turn then you.
76561198066910830,Recommended,325610,14604458,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,DragonSamurai360,"You can raze your enemy's settlement to the ground after they♥♥♥♥♥♥you off, for attacking you. What's not to love!"
,Not Recommended,325610,14529974,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Nano,"Not very special really, I only bought it for collection reasons. :)"
76561198018572903,Not Recommended,325610,33690158,Posted: 20 July,all,Paynetrain,"Good game, terrible DLC policy. Very greedy and anti-consumer practice."
,Not Recommended,325610,21226858,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Tyburn,"In the same vein as their previous five games, CA brings you a poorly designed game.Wait, that's not right... CA brings you about 1/8th of a poorly designed game.What an excellent business practice DLC is!Anyone who likes the Total War style of genre, try the King Arthur games... Sadly apart from those there are no competitors we can turn to. Maybe another company will spot this niche opportunity, but until then, avoid all things CA.Remember there is no excuse for preordering or supporting DLC."
,Not Recommended,325610,18116743,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,DGJames,Barabarian Invasion is still better. Back to CK2 I go.
76561198135644370,Recommended,325610,21717835,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,vikingman16,it is better than Cod
76561198014847300,Not Recommended,325610,30260826,Posted: 1 March,all,winpowered1,"OK, so whats all the fuss about? This game is indescribably bad compard to older total war games, not even close. Clumsy awkward, poor graphics.....etc didnt even finnish the tutorial."
76561198047559597,Not Recommended,325610,14539414,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Armoured,Garbage!!!plaged with freezing and crashing and stuttering. An absolute disaster.
76561197963956464,Not Recommended,325610,14588083,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Theylie,Long turn cycle times and being forced to watch those repetitive auto-battle result animations means a game of much idling.
,Not Recommended,325610,21242796,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Generic Lunch Cactus,Take a look at the business model and think long and hard whether or not you want to be part of this.
76561198003991606,Not Recommended,325610,14550649,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,johannes,"some Details are simply wrong, for example the so called ""Liburne"". this ships were historical light and fast, the game shows heavy forms instead..."
,Not Recommended,325610,16095120,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,[83rd] Some Tomato,Dont buy this game. no matter what you see dont buy it. this game is broken and wont boot. buy it once the patch fixes this issue
,Recommended,325610,14677643,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Lamptrasher aka. Lavatail,Awesome game with better mechanics than Rome 2. On top of that it is ~€ 10 cheaper than rome 2!!You should definetly buy this game.
76561198112110348,Not Recommended,325610,19398337,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Donkey,they really ♥♥♥♥ed this game up
76561198044057399,Not Recommended,325610,19403872,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Zephyr041,I started the Total War series with Shogun 2... THAT game was awesome. Best money I've ever spent on an RTS game. But THIS sorry excuse for a game... Eugh. Save your money folks. Stick to Shogun 2.
,Not Recommended,325610,14538578,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Sallzz,why cant SEGA and Assembly reunite the best from all of total war series? Why they must reunite the worst?
76561198011995032,Not Recommended,325610,26148366,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Bonedripper,"To be honest this should've been made a DLC for Rome 2... after purchasing it i felt kinda ♥♥♥♥♥♥ for the game ain't what i expected , i had more fun in Rome than in this .. the only nice thing is how the huns are built , the mobile city is a nice addition but meah , after 20 hours i kinda got bored and i felt i was playing a mod for Rome 2. They shoul've made this a mod and then create Medieval 3 , that would've worked better. Wanted to buy Age of Charlemagne but it's poorly made so i won't buy any more DLC's for this one , kinda disappointed due to the fact that they would launch a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ dlc poorly made about medieval times (Age of Charlemagne ~ yea i know it's early medieval but still..). They should've just made Medieval 3 , as i loved medieval 2 i really wanted to see a medieval 3 title but meah , i guess they really want to milk some money for cheap content. Also the uniforms i hate  everyone looks almost the same .. not that beautiful like Rome 2 where you see your beautiful legions marching in.. here is more like everyone looks like barbarians.TLDR: Had more fun in Rome 2 , this feels more like a good mod for rome 2 with few improvements but i kinda liked Rome 2 better. Buy it on a discount of 50% or 75% , i wouldn't pay full price for this. If you have a choice then buy Rome 2 instead."
76561198136467767,Not Recommended,325610,22773266,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,123,I would refund if I could this game is garbage
76561197999823273,Not Recommended,325610,21045627,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Bananoman,"Psss, hey, want some culture packs?"
76561198000741328,Not Recommended,325610,21259880,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,2b7q1,"This game is really badly optimized. Endured three hours on lowest settings before returning to Rome 2. (GTX970, i7-2600K)"
76561198056191229,Not Recommended,325610,28646677,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,jpwetzelxm15,Epic fail
76561198035637825,Not Recommended,325610,28816142,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,cdsharky,I can't believe how bugged and laggy this game is. It has so much content and even more potential but I can't even play it anymore. No wonder it was on sale!!!!!
,Recommended,325610,14525936,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Thewhitewhale,Yup.. they did a good job on this one░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░█░░░░░░░░███████▄▄█░░░░░██████▄░▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░▓▓▓▓▓▓█████░░░░░░░░░█░░██████▀░░░░▀▀██████▀░░░
76561198013262724,Not Recommended,325610,14569493,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,redwag0n,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IT IS CRASHING RIGHT AND LEFT. I have it on two machine both well meeting specs and it crashes all the time. I am also having texture errors on both machines. I will change this when they fix the bugs but do not buy this game before then.Finally got to play for more then three turn....not that fun honestly I am going to call this Barbain Invasion mark II and not a very good one at that. Im giving this a 3/10
76561198012351131,Not Recommended,325610,14599530,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,monroviablackandblue,"Where to start? First of all I am not a habitual reviewr on many games, and if I do write one I usuall feel very strongly about what I am writing due to taking the time to write it. Most games fall in the middle for me and I only play a very specific type of game these days. So here ya go, Rome: Attila and its DLC.As a fan of TW games from its inception I have NOT been pleased with anything since ""Empire"". I did not even chance Rome II but I read such remarkable reviews from ""Attila"" I thought I would take a chance. Wow, am I extremely dissapointed. This series simply does not even resemble it's former self.Graphics (3/10):I do not know what they have done to the graphics as I am not an expert in such things but for me, so called better is actually worse. I have an I7 rig with Radeon HD something or other and I cannot realistically play this game on anything other than the lowest settings.  Thats still only getting a 15 FPS in the benchmark test.Gameplay (3/10):Ok, so there is alot in gameplay but I will go with the basics. First the Battles. They are pure junk, not fun, very ""Arcady"". It's set at a rediculously fast pace, makes little sense and to me is just not fun or worthwhile. This is a result of people trying to make this thing waaaay more complicated than it needs to be. I realize they are shooting for depth and realism but in doing so have completely ruined the game. Want to win? Just get a bunch of armies filled with horses and run over everybody = win.Next Politics: If there is a positive to be found anywhere it might be here. I liked a little more depth in negotiations with other countries which is real similar to what it use to be just better. (Take note developer). Thats all you really needed to do with this series, just make better what was already there, not change it. The ""Family Tree"" I find overly exhaustive and time consuming. I do not want to micro manage all these skill points and garbage for every stinking character.Armies, WTF? The Army utilities and Generals what you can do and what you can't do has turned in just on gigantic micro management nightmare. Its just a mess. I want to build what I want, when I want, I want as many armies as I can afford and I am sick of all these stupip plus or minus effects you have placed on everything from just having a town to not being able to create armies unless you meet certain specifications here there and everywhere. Its a joke.Honestly I'll just wrap up by saying that if you loved the original series of TW say Empire and before, you will friggin hate this mess. The TW series has been completely hijacked by sharlitans or something and what was once my all time favorite game has been reduced to a Donald Trump like ""YOUR FIRED"". This long time gamer from the 80's is done with TW, its dead."
,Not Recommended,325610,28326818,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,WarlordofBritannia,"This is the least amount of time I've ever  spent on a Total War game.This is also probably the last Total War I'll ever buy, especially considering what I've heard of Warhammer.5/10Painfully Average"
,Recommended,325610,14512508,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Rum,It works.
76561198009835129,Recommended,325610,28535385,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Hunter150,What Rome 2 should have been
,Not Recommended,325610,23963169,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Morgan Yu,"Shogun 2 was better. It had colors other than gray, for one."
76561198282546263,Not Recommended,325610,32716760,Posted: 24 June,all,aint no slice,Crashes to desktop before I can even play a game. A unoptimised mess.
,Not Recommended,325610,21776962,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Slaithium,"The game is not well balanced and lacks the ability for the player to enjoy themselves. Namely the Western Roman Empire is almost unwinnable and do not have the income to fight back the numerous amount of enemies. ( ALL of this on legendary difficulty), most of the time you have 12-15 enemies and lossing territory constantly, you have one of the lowest incomes in the game, you start the game with the entire empire♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at you. It creates a very frustrating game experience and it is the same on all difficulties really. Meanwhile as you loose territory you enemies multiple in the form of Western Seps, rebels, etc etc. (lost count). I have played 220 hours and come to this very conclusion, you can can not unless you cheat or reset the game to the point where you have perfect game conditions.This is by far the worst of the total war series and has done nothing to impress me, if anything has caused me not to support any more creative assembly games. Until proven they can balance a game between challenging/ability to experience the game without frustration.To further this, it is still overly frustrating on co-op with a ally helping you. Even if you some how control the public order and deal with all of the roaming tribes then magically gain peace with all the barbarians. You still have to deal Atilla who has to be killed multiple times before he is actually dead. Litterally. Meanwhile he spawns upto if not more than 20 maxed out armies destroying every settlement he comes into contact with.In conclusion: Bad game design, faulty auto-resolve, frustrating and not enjoyable a player, can not upgrade provinces lack of income, constantly under-seige, takes 200 hours to actually win, utterly lack interactions between you and the AI, and is just simple a all around dissapointment."
76561198069162053,Not Recommended,325610,16562402,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,stormtrooper_baho,boring
76561198030337975,Recommended,325610,16489276,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Gretzan,Went to war with the Franks turn 1. Six turns later got into a fight with two armies. Killed their generals and sent their armies running with tail's between legs. 10/10
76561198031604073,Not Recommended,325610,26046666,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,amriazmi,It does not work on Mac! Crashes during game loading every time! Pffttt..How to get refund from STEAM?
76561198052899234,Not Recommended,325610,16765156,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,KnightWood,"All I can truthfully say is that it's just downright unplayable for me due to it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ campaign map interface, just my opinion though, you may like it...The only decent aspect of the game is it's battle grounds and tactics, total war never fails to deliver in that department for me.I would recommend it to anyone who's willing to take the chance at a really different take on the campaign map although I was very interested when I learned of the roaming tribes, that is probably what set it apart fom me."
76561198042011451,Not Recommended,325610,14563788,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,ANALizer,"Alright, the game is fun. In fact, it's (in my humble oppinion anyway) equally if not better than Shogun: Total War but know that as every F*ING Total War releases since napoleon, there's always a g0ddamn stupid thing that will f*ck your experience. Now first off, i wanna mention the low performance issues and what CA said about it:""Taking to the Total War forums, an official Creative Assembly spokesperson outlined each of the graphics settings and explained why 'Extreme Quality' won't be the best setting for... well, anyone. "" Please note, that the Extreme Quality setting is meant for future graphics cards, not for current gen,"" the spokesperson said. ""This is why it's above Maximum Quality.""Nice Bu11sh*t.Other than that, the game has little to no bugs. I had a crash once while i sent two agents at the same time on the same guy, the first one succeeded but i don't know, the code pattern was not meant for two agents to do that at the same time when one succeed so i crashed. Not really a big deal honestly.Finally, when christianity religion chapter comes up, i hope your 5 billion men that you spent 120 turns building up to fight off the 7 armies of the huns are dissolved because the game will f*ck you up by breaking your food and money income. I don't know what happened but now my armies are starving with a BIG -100 food (and i own 22 settlements) and a big income of 120 compared to my previous turn that had 168 food and 11k income....So, the day they'll fix their g0ddamn game and they'll stop bringing up lame a.ss excuses like ""oh, it's meant for futur pc that'll cost you 3 thousand dollars"" i'll recommend this potientialy masterpiece.Now they have 80$ of DLC only one year after release."
76561197991946213,Recommended,325610,15472280,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,jenman83,Great features with settlement destruction and hordes even though I am not a big fan of the time period.
76561198052502280,Recommended,325610,15483275,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Turkic Thunder,Way better then Rome II
76561198019764975,Recommended,325610,16736459,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Abbe,Good mechanics
76561198032680458,Recommended,325610,14512249,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Fkingluvpizza,"Despite all the warnings about pre-ordering Total War: Attila, I decided to buy the game before release for the cost of not eating out for a week.  I was quite nervous to play it, but most of my concerns turned out to be false.  I have yet to play enough to encouter major glitches, but the game seemed to run smoothly so far.  It does feel like a very well modded Rome II.  The units don't feel too different from one another, but unlike Rome II, the factions do have a variety of unique units.  Few changes that I didn't like are the disappearance of banners, making it harder to tell when units are routing or few in numbers, and the complexity of the campaign.  The politics became lot more complicated.  The battles are no longer slow, although I felt like the units route too quickly.  The campaign is much more interesting now with the apperance of the horde.  Overall, this game is definitely playable despite what many people believed and even fun."
,Recommended,325610,14628891,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Thehighking420,"Itsa goodd game, way to easy though. They did fix the combat ai from rome 2 for seiges in a positive way, the ai wont just stand around getting shot up theyll actually charge in mass.  The new family system is the best of any total war(even shogun 2), you actually care about yourfamily because it takes for ever for a baby to grow up(3 season years so 3turn=1 year. So for a wee babe to hit 18 you gota wait 54 turn). The only down side is the naval battles, theyre way better in terms of skill nd functionality, the only bad thing is no more ramming and killing high teir with low teir or any ramming so far, ive only been in boarding fights becaus only certain boats can ram ;(. Theres plaenty of content to have fun with here, i just wish the blood and gore packs was free, also they need to do a free faction with each dlc rome 2 style."
76561197991682745,Recommended,325610,14512205,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Defender13,Buy it. It's Total War!!Better than Rome 2 with unbelievable graphics and immersion from the first second.9/10
76561198010641857,Recommended,325610,23346511,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Ivan Moreira,"This is one of the best Total War games and is, still, far from perfect. Wich shows how complex and varied a game like this can be. It gets even better with some of the mods the community has put out.Campaign is pretty satisfatory, AI is ok, albeit unbalanced sometime, autocomplete on fights os what I expect from Total War games.The only 2 real flaws I see on it that had to be modded to be even half good were the diplomacy part and the family tree part.Still endless hours of fun."
76561197988960507,Not Recommended,325610,23348616,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Madmod,"""This game is either not installed or is beeing updated or installed"".Had that issue a year ago, solved itself somehow that time.Re-installed today. Issue still there. Doesnt solve itself this time.Good Job CA."
,Not Recommended,325610,19417860,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Dusseldorf,Too much DLC. I made the mistake of buying this game. Pirate it because it's not worth it to buy a game and only get a portion of the original game with the rest of it being locked away as DLC.
76561198048303382,Recommended,325610,14652085,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,tomdoof,"This game is awesome! I loved rome 2, I did buy it a year after its release so I never saw the bugs like most players. This game is not a re-skinned rome 2, everything feels different especially the camaign. Bravo CA for making this masterpiece of a game, and bravo for standing buy rome 2 both are great games. I am a total war junkie and have owned played all the totalwar games (excluding empire and napoleon) including shogun 1, and love these new additions. The ONLYdownside to attila is the framerate dropped a lot on my computor compared to rome 2 60-40 fps on rome 45-15 with attila, but im sure this will be patched to be better. i3 3.3, 750ti 2gb, 10gb ddr5. The biggest graphics hinerance is the shadows and the unit detail, with unit detail if i set to lowest setting I get clonewars type soldiers(all look the same) but with only one step up all the units are unique in a squad and hurts the frame rate. if CA can put a middle ground setting for unit detail that would be awesome, seems like a huge jump in detail from max performance to performance. That being said buy the game, play it, enjoy it, you wont regret it. It feels like the most polished totalwar since shogun, enough said."
76561198133509569,Recommended,325610,16569679,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Nick.fedorchuk9,"i downloaded and cant play wont go past the first load screenis anybody else having this issue?when i open it, it says play ""your drivers may be out of date check for updates""any idea which drivers its refering to because ive updated all the stuff windows wants updated"
76561198049546638,Not Recommended,325610,16704783,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,SpookyScary,for starters if u enjoyed rome 2 u might not enjoy this game as much.1.the scenery looks really wierd compared to rome 2 (i think cause they tried to make it high deff)2.not that many Factions to play with unlike in rome 23.all the factions have very similar units juts renamed basically4.(in my opinion) the map feels vey empty5.the continental struggle dosnt feel as collosal as in rome 2 bacause of very little powerfull nations6.dlcs on releaseidd wait for a sale to getp.s i tried this game during free weekend time
76561198027622133,Not Recommended,325610,16712370,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,LunaticFPV,This game broke my GTX 780... T_T
76561198007955905,Not Recommended,325610,25326028,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,l.raabe,The main campaign does not work for me. and this since months. I am very sad about this!
76561198030910182,Not Recommended,325610,18094720,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,pkilly34,"I bought the game as I loved other TW games so far. I tried to play for an hour or two. Every single minute my motivation decreased significantly. The map an the handling is clumsy, the tutorial is not ending at all and atmosphere never showed up."
76561198064118249,Not Recommended,325610,21702506,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,checolon,"I usually like strategy games; but this one... I abhor it, huns never run out of money or food and they cant never be totally defeated; I'll delete it."
76561198036136936,Not Recommended,325610,16495464,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,TICHRIUS,"A complete rip off and nothing but utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ Too many bugs , glitches, and ♥♥♥♥ ups. I wouldn't recommend this game, not even to a dog. The DLC's are just scams to take more money from you. Better buy other games which have more value for money. I have spent hunderds of hours on Total War games and this one is just overhyped and nothing but complete♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198065214307,Recommended,325610,17104815,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Drake,An absolute gem.
76561197963630444,Not Recommended,325610,22762961,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,PsychoDad,Total War: SHOGUN 2660 hours playedTotal War: ROME II - Emperor Edition361 hours playedTotal War: ATTILA51 hours playedHad more crashes in ATTILA than all other TW games combined.Unable to play on WIN10...
76561198127208365,Not Recommended,325610,24265891,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,rbswanson,"I would Not recommend this game.  I've been playing Total War games since the beginning.  This one is, however, very frustrating, if not out right ruined for several reasons.First are the spies, priests and heroes.  They are like mosquitos. They follow your army around constantly harassing it. You spend time building up your generals. You deliberate where to spend points to best strengthen your army only to have him assassinated. So, you have to pick a new one losing all of your experience and experience points.  You can build your own to try to stop them.  For example, I built 6 only to have 5 of them assassinated in the first turn.   The other failed to assassinated the enemy spy as he always does.  They have other functions but the AI only seems interested in destroying your generals.   They will follow across the entire map.  There is no fun in this.Second,  when you build most buildings they have both a positive and negative effect so you have to build another building to offset the negative effect but, of course, it has a negative effect so . . .  wash, rinse, repeat.  For example, if you build a building to buff your army, such as melee, archery, etc, (positive effect) it requires a large amount of food to support (negative effect).  If you run short on food, your army will desert.  So, you build a building to make food (positive effect), but it creates squalor (negative effect).  If squalor is not fixed, then your army dies of disease so you have to build another building.  The negative effect always seem to exceed the positive so your army is never at full strength.The fighting part is great but you spend most of your time fixing problems and building back up your armies just so you can attack.I bought this one but I wouldn't recommend it were it free to download."
76561198055473724,Recommended,325610,15617338,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Tankslayer_TFX,"Great game, very fun, DLC's relatively cheap for what they add, (8 bucks for 3 new factions aint a bad price) and the campaign and MP battles are very fun. MP campaigns, while taking longer, are usually more fun because you can co-ordinate with a friend on what objectives/provinces to take.So overall, i'd give this game an 8.5/10, because they should add almost every faction as playable. (More factions, the better)"
76561198040770900,Recommended,325610,24358984,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,thehonorablepleb,"I love this game. Although, the only way I found it possible to survive on legendary as either of the roman factions was retreating to gortnya and defending until the compound interest with their trait kicked in. Unfortunately, I was unaware that there is a glitch. Whenever you reach a point, as ERE, where your turnly income is in the millions due to interest it is possible for you treasury to reset itself to 0. Which, basically broke my campaign because I had to disband everything to break even and I was instantly attacked and betrayed. Which is gay because I had almost the entire eastern part of the map. So.. yeah. Good game but ♥♥♥♥ that glitch."
,Not Recommended,325610,21230686,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Beatrix Brehme,"Soon: Sega Culture DLC.Introducing: Sonic, Tails, and more Sega mascots!New victory objective! Collect all the rings on the map! Try not to get engaged in any battle or you'll lose those rings!"
,Not Recommended,325610,26020266,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Jmac,"got all the total wars in a pack at friends recommendationnot a fan, found it boringmany of my mates love it though :)"
76561198058081610,Recommended,325610,21768279,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,King Kev,Never played a bad Total war game and i dont think i ever will. Aslong as they keep to the high standerds they seem to be able to offer. Attila is a great game and im hoping the next insallment of warhammer total war will follow suit.
76561198082239596,Recommended,325610,21768422,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Rus,yes
76561198326588911,Not Recommended,325610,31168094,Posted: 15 April,all,Otto,Laughable Excuse for a Total War game
76561198122275320,Not Recommended,325610,23855650,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,jako1998,"Played about 2-3 hours of main campaign, the rest was just Age of Charlemange or phantom hours (alot of those). Mainly in it for the Rise of Morder Mod which is worth checking out on ModDB but is still in prodution."
,Not Recommended,325610,21891726,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Devin6189,this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing agravating it says you have things to do in the faction polotics like you found a cave of gold when i open it all i see under the family tab is the family and nothing about the polotics for that cave which is soposed to be under that tab
,Not Recommended,325610,14935669,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Karl Hunt,"Let's face it, this is the most bug ridden, unstable total war ever released.  I can't go more than an hour without the game crashing.  Worse, this should have been nothing more than an expansion pack for Rome II, there isn't really anything new to it.  And what is with the $8.00 ""subscription fee"" to have access to all the factions?  I call it a subscription because they are releasing a new ""DLC"" every two weeks or so, all at $8.00, which does nothing but unlock three factions that have been there since the beginning.  Don't get me wrong, I love the Total War franchise abut this title needs a lot more work and a lot less money grab."
76561198081332170,Not Recommended,325610,18463663,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Fategg,We got this instead of medieval 3
76561198007457380,Not Recommended,325610,19635961,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Ooo_Get_You!,"It might seem really harsh to neg rate a game you've played for 200+ hours. But to be honest, I played out of loyalty to a brand I've loved for 15 years.Attila is pretty. But it is inferior to every other TW game for the following reasons:- Attila himself is an end game boss with a stupid and gamey mechanic- TW have forgotten what sandbox is- TW have forgotten what strategy is- The building system is so simple an idiot could do it- There is almost no fun left in the game"
76561198008287889,Not Recommended,325610,18456810,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,ZacLinMac,"Every total war game has kicked♥♥♥♥♥.. until Rome Total War 2, so what do they do, start from scratch? NO! Lets re-skin total war 2, use the exact same voices we did for total war 2 and sell it.Copy and Paste of Rome Total War 2, which would be fine if Rome Total War 2 Didn't suck, but it does.1. Bring back traits based on characters actions. If a character slaughters all his captives he becomes ruthless and the men respect and fear him. If he kills too many he becomes too violent and people begin to think he's crazy. This system is just stupid, no ones actions go on to represent who the characters really are, dumb.2. Burn this template to the ground, it sucks.3. You're game is bad and you should feel bad."
76561198039925604,Not Recommended,325610,21053902,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,douwekiela,This game does not work on Windows 10 (at least for me).
76561198343194697,Not Recommended,325610,32875559,Posted: 27 June,all,KvndiKidz,Awsome game...but i buy it for me and my brother only to find out mac cannot play with pc. very dissapointing as its one of the main reasons i got this game. as a game i give it 7/10 but 1 out of 5 stars for insufficient info. only thing im happy about is i baught it on sale for 12$ why would you have a game for both systems that cant play with eachother? its like ps4 and xbox all over again. lame.
,Not Recommended,325610,14768030,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Haunted Frog,After 35 hours of playing I will discuss my opinions onto TWA:Pros:+ New Mechanics+ Better political system+ Nice graphics+ Tougher AI+ More in depth gameplay+ More unit typesCons:- BUGS BUGS BUGS- DLC fests everywhere- Unbalanced units (Tagmeta kills elephants)- Unpolished- Less units than expectedI would say around 5-6/10 I would only recommend if they stopped drip feeding its customers with crappy DLCs.
76561198071034410,Recommended,325610,31928109,Posted: 23 May,all,spoonly,Insanely better than Crusader Kings II
76561198040311236,Not Recommended,325610,19635290,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,cory,"the wrong ""total war"" for anyone who is looking for a mix of empire building and warfare"
76561198019055850,Not Recommended,325610,24709956,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,ShaftBreaker,"I have over 400 hours into TW: Rome 2. It was the first in the series I ever played and I loved it and still play it. Attila, oh god why. Much more confusing when choosing between buildings than in Rome 2. Many of the colors blend together for me and it is hard to tell things apart. It is very brown and blah. Also, loved ranged troops in Rome 2? Not in this one. They constantly massacre you're own troops to the point that they are useless. I wanted a more advanced version of Rome 2, I got a horribly unbalanced, and tedious RTS. Something about Rome I didn't like was the whole ""promotions"" crap in the empire screen. This one makes you have to marry people and adopt and blah ♥♥♥♥ing blah. I just wanted to do big battles and siege attacks and defences. Attila expanded on the crap I didn't like, and ruined the combat of the game to just make it♥♥♥♥♥♥ Units rout in seconds, they don't feel as effective, and the whole games just feels dreary and boring. Oh, and ""culture packs"". ♥♥♥♥ you CA."
,Recommended,325610,14524304,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Daddy <3,"I can finally raise a horde of warriors, exterminate entire populaces, and take over the world, without anyone batting an eyelid, thank you CA..."
,Not Recommended,325610,33632631,Posted: 18 July,all,Dr. Phibes,Worst Total War game ever!!!
76561198092404709,Recommended,325610,21511307,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,KingRegnier,.
76561198061013264,Not Recommended,325610,20778343,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Jinx,If you like what you see in this game just by rome 2
76561198137828174,Not Recommended,325610,29730241,Posted: 5 February,all,foodking7,This game sucks. Bugs out and dumps the game during ai play. Complete bs. Dont waste your time.
76561198048178559,Not Recommended,325610,29720582,Posted: 5 February,all,DarkblayderREKT ☑ Not REKT ☐,Great game barely seen any bugs but the fun is quick gone is you get screwd by the poor desicions of the devs to decide that when you retreat you won't go th the place where you want to go to get a possible advancement but instead you just retreat a enemy land or to other bad spots.It's a fun game but there are some things what ruins the fun and that does happen atleast to me a few times each campaign.Most of the troops are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
76561197979867888,Recommended,325610,14736622,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Jimbo,"...................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\. ♥♥♥♥ DLCsSega is a money grabbing mongol.9/10 would flip bird again."
76561197966218638,Not Recommended,325610,33523995,Posted: 13 July,all,Thyme,"Don't buy.As proof that this company does not even try to make new games and only republishes old tiles, this games has every single one of their older games' bugs, plus new ones of it own. The map is exacty the same, the AI is even worse somehow, and nothing new is added. Complete wase of money."
,Recommended,325610,15393153,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,MrCockwood,"I love it, much better start of game than Rome 2."
76561198146622165,Recommended,325610,15774975,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,AG,Best Total War so far!!!
76561198087614652,Recommended,325610,17242827,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Scipio,I love this game and prefer it to people that like History and RTS games if you get it then GL HF and injoy.
76561198120238420,Recommended,325610,17136159,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,The Successor,This game is awsome
76561198084172188,Recommended,325610,14734587,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Stealth Bomber,"Ever wanna just want the world to burn? Well In Attila, you can make it burn for just a price of 59.99 + more for DLC"
76561198060781289,Recommended,325610,15313635,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,hicksy93,"this game is good, not really good but just good, also its not bad just good 8/8 would rate"
76561198008282454,Recommended,325610,15492691,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Malakith,"I love the total war series and i very much enjoy this newest installement, although I personally think that Rome 2 is still better in gameplay.Would still recommend this game to any die hard TW player."
,Recommended,325610,15395637,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,St. Aurelian,"Attila is a pretty solid Total War game. Best one since Shogun 2 (I'm aware Rome 2 is the only one in between). Ignore the negative reviews since they are not about gameplay or the game itself and they are pretty much hate against dlc. While I do not support dlc, I don't find it CA's fault to have to shell out dlc to appease their Sega overlords. Unlike some other Total War dlc, most of Attila's is meaningful and it's not just some other skin with another name for some units."
76561197989732618,Recommended,325610,15972021,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,disisnotme,Amazing game. I feel it's more challenging than the previous ones.
76561198055954427,Recommended,325610,15454817,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Bubs,1.  Me being noob bought this to play with my TW loving friends.2. Friends don't like it3. They return to Rome 24. FML...
76561197998492188,Recommended,325610,15395662,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Ronaldus Maximus,DLCs.........optional.
76561198045215240,Recommended,325610,15485703,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,HaN,GREAT game but there are many bugs unfortunetly.
76561198101172493,Recommended,325610,15448334,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Macedonian_Φρουρα(HELLAS),"If you are fun and love the history this is your game. You are not regret this.And dont look the bad reviews, this people  cannot afford to buy the DLC'Sand so they become jealous and wrong."
76561198261195768,Recommended,325610,21209874,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Tony Montana,Let's win the free DLC guys #makewarnotlove3
76561198068005556,Recommended,325610,16096715,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Adrian Maximillian,almost all negative reviews revolve around dlcs... just try this game yourself...
,Recommended,325610,15407867,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,WHITEFIRE,Improves on everything Total War: Rome II got wrong. Highly recommended.
76561198111793846,Recommended,325610,22207489,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,yaska.p,Best
,Recommended,325610,16768528,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Sidestep,"I don't care much for the overpriced DLC, but it is still a very good TW game , that I cannot deny. It brings something new to the table while still holding on to the good stuff. Would absolutely recommend this to both newcomers and old TW fans."
76561198094436242,Recommended,325610,16898540,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Drog✠Dreth,Dope. Dope as ballsCA make medieval 3 tho pls
76561198109722340,Recommended,325610,16426698,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Memmingen,Someone didnt like it. I diagree. This game just another. Mutantur tempora et nos mutamur in illis.
76561198009032551,Recommended,325610,14514357,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,nffc1818,i played this game very good defo getting guys
76561198066661773,Not Recommended,325610,21035709,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,DonJavi,"""meh"" is all I got to say about this game. It is poorly optimized and boring since there are so many bugs related to formations and units abilities. Do not. buy even if it is on sale. Prepare yourself to wait around 45-60 secs per turn for your favourite silly A.I."
,Not Recommended,325610,31065159,Posted: 10 April,all,TinyTark,Eh. It was quite fun when I was actually able to play. A lot of people actually get this problem where the game won't even run the launcher and when it does good luck getting it to run the game itself.
76561198042407753,Not Recommended,325610,34678495,Posted: 2 September,all,Antar,too many bugs
76561198145444947,Not Recommended,325610,34671009,Posted: 1 September,all,hyperquaternion,"Has a terrible AI.  In siege battles, the AI will often just run around in circles."
76561197997089521,Recommended,325610,16812121,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,#DWB#Diamond Says,"Its a lovely game, and i hate how most of the negative reviews are not about the but about the cost for the DLC. dont listen to this fools crying about DLC costs and have no focus on the game itself.Its a lovely game and fun too play and it will take hours of your time!"
76561198109888223,Recommended,325610,17611584,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,neo_dog,awesome game
76561198036548084,Recommended,325610,17563679,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,The Pravda,Breath Taking
,Not Recommended,325610,15329418,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Corrosion,Total War series has gotten worse and worse and now it's ruined.
76561197995145777,Recommended,325610,19650109,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,DKH,"The Total War I was looking for, after Rome 2 bored most of the yellow off my teeth.Pros: Very challenging, satisfying battles, and a feel of role playing from the generals and governors (missing since at least Rome 1 in my opinion). Good diversity of cultures in the East.Cons: Very demanding on hardware - in need of optimisation (2 8GB graphics cards, 32GB ram and i7 8 core and the room heats up like a sauna on ultra settings)."
,Recommended,325610,14514899,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Umaru- chan,poor optimization
76561198089122611,Recommended,325610,17959469,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,abdulhadi-k,j
76561198031827863,Not Recommended,325610,19402954,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Royaltarttoter,"Honestly, I wanted to love this game. I have never been truly dissapointed by a TW game (except the unmentionable Napolean Total War). But, this game came close to full dissapointment, and what it was exactly I cannot say. Maybe it was all the DLCs that turned a $60 game into an $80 game. Maybe it was the continuity of derpy AI (which a meriod of mods in Rome Total War 2 fixed). Or maybe it was just the communities exhaustion on ♥♥♥♥♥♥ releases since the failed startup of Rome Total War 2. Whatever it was, Ive put 67+ hours into this game and it hasnt been fun.... even with the mods, it wasnt as fun as Rome 2 which the mods atleast fixed. This game had so much potential: cool time period, better graphics, and reintroduced faction tree. But it fell short somewhere along the way... RIP"
76561198009891829,Recommended,325610,17966329,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,{LaG}Wakem-stakem-{TOHG},I dont like how you cant play past turn 420 very well in coop without desycs and game crashing. Multiplayer needs to be fixed for coop use.
,Recommended,325610,17928900,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Lost Roman,"If you're still on the fence about getting this game, I'd say go ahead and jump on board. ATTILA brings many challenges to the table for veteran Total War fans.Pros:+Beautiful looking game, even moreso with modding+More diplomacy options+Politics and managing your family are actually important this time around+Play as an established Empire or roving Horde barbarians, both offer unique challenges+Most challenging campaign to date (try saving the Western Roman Empire on hard!)+Battles offer a good mix of enjoyment and challenge, and naval warfare is vastly improvedCons:-Terrible campaign AI and army management-The family tree/political screen can take a bit getting used to-Enemy agents seem vastly overpowered, while mine that actually survive to level up can still fail with a high chance to succeed-Long learning curve with province optimization, (at least for me)-Somewhat lack of unique units-Can experience long loading times if you don't have a decent rigFinal verdict and thoughts:Thumbs up. Most of the of cons can be overcome with modding, many of which are found right here on the Steam workshop and easy to install. There are many different ones out there and still some in the works and you're bound to find one that fixes any issues you may have. To date they have the most challenging campaigns to offer if you play as either of the Romans, and even some horde factions as they flee the terror of the Huns. While some features can be off putting like trying to manage a large family late game, and trying to figure out how to get the most out of your provinces, the pros vastly outweigh the cons."
76561198042839176,Not Recommended,325610,30832143,Posted: 30 March,all,nils.jonsson2,"2 years and 300 hours later. I feel that I can finally pass judgement on this game. I'm not going to go off on a long rant, I'm just going to tell it how it is.If you play this game the way it wants to be played, it is a good game. If you try to play this game the way you want, the way you could play Rome 1 or Medieval 2, as a sandbox experience where you were only limited by your faction's capabilities and starting position, this game will punish you. Hard.That's all this game is. Nothing more, nothing less."
,Recommended,325610,14513452,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,austin1997connors,this is a great total war game and is a lot of fun i love the new migrant factions they add a whole new element to the game and makes borders disapear and makes nations more fluid.
76561198047125082,Recommended,325610,19381453,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Shaunn,well i recomend this game its one of the best total war series i find..it has is bugs not alot.the AI it well done way better then rome 2 alot more smarter i play at normal difficulty and its quite a chalange.i have been playing the total war franchise for a long time now and i know what i am talking about when i say its worth the money.yes yes there is those damn dlc so what most negative review on this his about dlc not the game it self they cry about dlc but get over it the main character are avalable from the start and the others culture pack gives new race but some are good some are ok i guess but dont write a bad review cuz u dont like the damn dlc just dont buy them.the game is awesome really tactical and the diplomacy really work this time if ur ally are friendly they wont just declare war any time u turn ur back.if u entend to play as roman i tell you now u probably wont have fun for a while lolol they are not suppose to really survive this war but if u are skillfull enough i am sure u can make something out of this chaos....well i hope this review will help u decide to buy or not.awesome work CA keep it upoh i forgot FINALY your general can stand up to fight no more will it die after 2 sec of battle it will last for a long time specialy higher level but dont think hes imortal now lol still can die
76561198174079186,Not Recommended,325610,28305253,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,codlover28,Every time I try to run the game it will freeze on a blank screen after loading. Help??
76561198044006471,Recommended,325610,21395520,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,HateSoldier,.
76561198141658163,Recommended,325610,23796638,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,zpfl1590,NOT BAD
76561198006832774,Not Recommended,325610,14563558,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Zohan Dwir,"Tehnical improvements to the known Total War engine regretfully don't make Attila worth the price. In spite of smooth running game (I had no crashes and no significant glitches) and better units that don't get stuck and refuse to run away from the charging enemy because on out of 100 infantrymen somehow got separated and they caught him I can't say that the biggest issues with Total War were fixed.First and foremost strategy: what strategy? You start as Roman empire (somehow it didn't offer me west but east, why???) and you command a large setup of non-functioning provinces. In order to control dissent you need to shuffle the existing legions around to scare your civilian populace. Almost all buildings will be lvl1, with the exception of your capital that will have some walls. Furthermore it looks like Rome is technologically way inferior to the so called barbarians: while roman units don't even have proper arhcers and no legions (in the east at least) and no cavalry you can recruit the barbarians have wastly supperior unit types of all kinds: infantry, missile trops, cavalry, skirmishers and even war engines. Yes, war engines, because apparently Rome can't build catapults but all your Huns, Visigots and What-nots come fully equipped.So as the superior enemy rampage through the empire almost like wolves through a sheep flock the sheeple have one and only one tactical advantage: walls (only large cities) and arrow towers. What can you do? Park a unit next to each arrow tower and hope it doesn't die before arrow tower kills the enemies off. THIS IS MORONIC!!!!In case of sieges again being on top of the walls brings no advantage, moats are unheard off, as any kind of uneven ground that would stop the siege engines. Again, like in all Total War games the cities are huge and desolate, because you don't have nearly enough units to man the walls. Even the aforementioned towers (that you can't control, they shoot all enemies within range in a ""AOE"" fashion, which is more than a bit stupid) are subject to what I can only call bad mechanics: once the enemy closes to the tower it'll crumble after a while. Like park 200 peasants with no arms next to the stone tower and in a minute it's a goner. Hurling rocks down the walls? Re-supplying archers on the wall? Hot oil? Hell no! But the little men on the wall wave their arms at the enemy, if you care to zoom in far enough. Not that it affects enemy much :(Previous Total War installments were at least relaxing to play, but this mega-failure can't even claim that advantage. Barbarians of various kinds crawl out from unders the rocks with fantastically powerful armies and generate full stacks out of thin air.  Do they have like 2 provinces? That's enough to supply more armies than 20 of your provinces. And the maps is basically brainless plains. Huns arrive to the Adriatic shores, magically summon up boats and sail across to Italy. Arghh!Naval battles are slightly improved in the way that now ground troops have ""sea sickness"" so they don't fight much on sea and this means that your light assault ship actually CAN win against enemy troop transport, but due to weird mechanics the transport with 20% troops will then somehow escape. When you attacks ships they get magically glued to each other. Boarding rams? Didn't see them.  At the first look the ramming is out (good, given the way it was).Overall am I happy about buying this game? Not at all. Would I recommend it? Hell, no. Been suckered again."
76561198023205431,Not Recommended,325610,14517039,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,scrabydoo2,"After each 15 mins, the game went into dark and I cannot do anything except restart Windows. Totally ""No Responding"" like hell. I need a refund. Please be noted that I have played all Total War games without this serious problem until now"
,Recommended,325610,14588565,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,HELLAFLUSH,"Played as Danes.Married a daughter to the Jutes for diplomacy.Jutes declare war on me.Assassinate wife, children, send husband to die against jute army.Later on...King has a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ son, won't let me make him heir.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ son on his own initiative assasinates all his brothers and uncles3 turns later he rebels.His newly made general son, at the tender age of 17, became a man in the blood of his father."
76561198058343676,Not Recommended,325610,14519918,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,simo_the_master,You want Rome 2 with overpowered cavalry and 5 minutes wait-time for each battle?
,Not Recommended,325610,14518689,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,CURIOSITY RUUUUDYYYY,http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=394367718http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=394367768http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=394256703Day 1. No clue how to fix. Great job CA.
76561198011536987,Recommended,325610,14588790,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,TheCanadianSyrup,Razing simulator 2015
,Not Recommended,325610,14679784,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Vaughan,"I've played over 5000 hours of total war.  Attila is properly polished; so why the negative review?  Read on to know.The time period simply doesn't make for a good total war game in my opinion.  This is coming from someone who thinks Napoleon is at least ok.  There are four types of campaign victories for every faction.  First, minor victory, then cultural victory and military victory and finally, divine triumph.  I managed to get a minor victory as the estern romans and no more at least until now( I haven't played in several days).  I should mention that I don't enjoy burning the world as the huns or bashing the romans and that I'm not motivated to carve out a frankish or english kingdom."
76561198119577477,Not Recommended,325610,14517884,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,C Y K A   B L Y A T,the game has tons iof bugs and freezes every two minutes. I wouldn't buy it until an update  if i were you
76561198011237461,Not Recommended,325610,22891355,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Amused,"Another steaming pile of sh!t dropped on the grave of a once mighty franchise.  The more you play the vanilla game the more you realize that the original Attila (i.e. Barbarian Invasion) from 2005 was a far better game.  ....And for a 10th the price when it came out.Thank god I got this dog on a deep sale, but then, as bad as the last couple of TW games have been, you'd be a fool to buy one full price.Damn shame too; they used to be the best strategy franchise in the business.  Until they forgot they sold strategy games and decided to ""go for a broader audience"".Just a tip guys, but if you have to play the game with 10 mods in order for it to NOT be a complete clusterfluck, the game's not finished.  Sloppy, sloppy crap shipped out to take advantage of the good name built by its predecessor, with half the effort used."
76561198028908785,Recommended,325610,14732784,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,ZIPPERWHIP,Meh
,Not Recommended,325610,22875615,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,DasGish,I hate this game. oh god i hate it. i tried to play it. several times and every time i come to the same conclusion. it is garbage.
,Not Recommended,325610,18037683,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,GOAT,10/10 would refund agian
76561198103082240,Not Recommended,325610,21242052,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,【HAN】falcofyc,"The game is good, but too many DLCs, buy DLCs only when 75% off"
,Not Recommended,325610,14748744,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Hydra,"Hi, I haven't played this game for very long as it has only been released a couple of weeks ago but I figured that this is the point where so many people are relying on reviews to decide whether to get this game so lets dive right in. First of all I need to point out that this game is basically Rome 2 but a bit later on down the timeline. The Roman Empire is past its greatest and has now split into two empires. The GUI (graphical user interface - basically the menus and buttons that you click on) are almost the same. There are a few new/ modified menus but a lot of menus use EXACTLY the same GUI! The idea that you have a provincal capitol and lots of little settlements around it (used in Rome 2) is used in Attila. Personally I don't like this because it is hard to defend a settlement that doesn't have the option to build walls. You can only recruit units with a general (used in Rome 2) also remains - This is completely unrealistic. These are all big problems but there are little problems too most of which I haven't seen yet such as not being able to change the capitol.Please comment to say if you agree with this but I personally think that the Shogun 2 and Shogun 2 Fall of the Samurai are both better games than this and were made years ago.If you haven't already bought Rome 2 then this game is a fairly decent game to buy because it has that edge on Rome 2 however that edge is so slight that it is NOT WORTH buying this game if you have Rome 2 already.BEFORE YOU BUY THIS GAME MAKE SURE YOU CHECK SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS BECAUSE THIS GAME ASKS FOR BETTER RAM"
,Recommended,325610,15484566,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Varus,"The game is simply great. It uses very modern, user-friendly game mechanics, it had all the good elements of Rome II rolled into a package that is mostly bug-free and brings back the good elements of the older games. Game balance is comparatively good despite the franchise's history of questionable balance. With 10 factions to start, this game has slightly more base game factions than the Total War average (Rome II started with 9 but got some more free ones later, Shogun 2 had 9, RTW had 9 after unlocking all of them, Napoleon had 4 but on multiple campaign maps, etc.). I honestly have not a single bad thing to say about this game.However, there is a large community of people who are fed up with the DLC. I don't see what the fuss is about, the culture packs are no different from Rome II ($8 for three factions), which is much better than Shogun 2, which charged $5 for only one faction. If you don't want the DLC, don't buy it--nobody's forcing you to."
76561198007270131,Not Recommended,325610,19926302,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,DunderChief,"The AI cheats HORRENDIOUSLY..   no console access to counteract that.  I then realized that it is a EA game, and shrugged.    We should all be used to being screwed over by EA in some way or another by now."
,Recommended,325610,14514914,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,LordZarmack,"game is currently, as  exspected totaly broken.     graphical bugs galore, laggy as ♥♥♥♥ -  units are total♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥- and for some reson the game feels  like a  half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥attempt, and runs terribly  -still lets wait for the patch storm-seems  if you havent updated your game to latest drivers totaly,  the games bugged and broken..,  joy-fixed all the issues- but the game still looks and feels slow- and  verry lacking unit dyvercity, and tech tree is  verry bland,  but rewarding when you unlock research  but overall good game-needs modding!  asap!"
76561198014416819,Not Recommended,325610,16757876,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,BrowneHawk,"Played the game for free for a few hours.  I would never pay 30 bucks for this even on sale.  They bring back the family tree, so the game has a bit more soul than rome 2.  That being said its basically the same engine just altered a bit.CA yet again also released numerous DLC's, Surprise Surprise.  Im really done with this companies gouging.  The blood packs?  I think i have payed around 10 bucks on the past couple game just for blood and gore.  Really? i have to pay for a few additional graphics?  SO overall decent game but this Creative Assembly really needs to reconsider how they treat customers/fans."
,Recommended,325610,16101865,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,CluckingTiger,"Honestly I cannot understand the bad reviews for this game. Granted the DLCs are a bit pricey and came a bit early but the game is solid. Now I might be a bit biased because I love the time the game is set in but the battles and campaign are solid. The AI is... Well... Typical for a TW game. Nothing special there. BUTThe combat between units (yes including melee) looks great. I don't get what people are talking about with the ""units don't actually hit each other"". I charge heavy cav into a nice group of swords or something and they go ♥♥♥♥ing FLYING. Like I mean they get smushed. The chance for a cinematic kill or hit is something like 40% but you can make it look nicer with some mods that make it 100%.The campaign is fun af. People moaning and ♥♥♥♥♥ing about ""hurr durr barbarians OP pls nerf I can't win as the Romans!"" are complete spanners. I'm not some MLG Pro swagscopin' maniac but I can hold the WRE together on very hard. It's difficult but that's wHY IT HAS THE LEGENDARY DIFFICULTY YOU GOBSHITE!I haven't played the multiplayer apart from head-to-head co-op(which works perfectly) and battles with friends (I don't enjoy playing with randoms ok?) but from what I have played it is 10/10. There is no complaint from me here.TBH the only thing I can complain about is the DLC spam but that doesn't mean you have a seizure and boycott the game. Boycott the DLCs. It's still a complete pack you just can't play as the Vikings, some other barbarians and the Celts. Buu ♥♥♥♥ing hoo. I am so sorry for you. And the blood and burning? It's, what, two euro? If you're that broke how do you have a PC that can run this game?To sum it up: game is great apart from some non-essential DLCs that are overpriced IMO.ALSO I have to put this here: SHOGUN was not that good. I preferred every other TW game. Please stop telling me to ditch this game and play it. I don't enjoy it. I think it's bad. Get over it."
76561198170454621,Not Recommended,325610,23280264,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,evanmccutchen13,"The game's mechanics are hard to use and I did not enjoy playing. I did not feel connected to the game and as one who enjoys history, the game did not satisfy me. It was almost boring and impossible to make progress. Please do not get this game."
76561197977293300,Not Recommended,325610,24071722,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Bospor,"If you have decided to play Total War series starting with Attila, don't waste your money. This game is catered to those who are familiar with the game already. Newcomers are simply not welcomed here. The ""tutorial"" is a complete disaster, because its simply useless. No explanation of the game concept core is presented, so you are left wondering WTF am I playing! Strategy? Economy simulator? Battles? Everything is thrown together in one big pile of just explanations what each icon represents. In the complex game like this one, the most important information is the tactics of the gameplay. Here, you are just thrown to the wolves and hopefully 1 out of 10 noobs will survive to keep playing. Visually great game. Clearly good mechanics in battles, somewhat decent economy. But inept explanation how to use this product, makes the game as usefull to noobs as a Iphone to 2 year old."
76561198044504740,Not Recommended,325610,26160170,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Statera,this is hard one i gave it about an hour before i decided to refund it...i feel like if this game was like a mod or an dlc for rome 2 then id like it alot. the game just feels sluggish like the developers needed to get a game out but didnt entirely like the idea they were working with.
,Not Recommended,325610,21241983,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Dr. Derp Lee,"tl;dr - Creative Assembly put in a stupid design choice that makes it virtually (maybe even literally) impossible to actually succeed in-game. Curious as to what that design would be? Search up ""Total War: ATTILA Town Center Convert and just take a gander at the forums it pulls up.Now I don't usually write reviews about games that I play. But Total War: ATTILA actually deserves this review. The amount of pain I endured while playing this heap of garbage was immensely disgusting. Now saying that this game is disgusting MIGHT be a bit of an overstatement; it has the basics of a Total War game, and that's all I really look for in a Total War game. That's all I look for and at least SOME sense of logic. You see in Total War: ATTILA Creative Assembly decided they wanted to introduce a very... stupid design...Introducing Empire: Total War all over again. Just like in Empire: Total War when you capture a settlement it just never becomes happy, which is stupid. All other Total War games have had it so that the populations of captured settlements gradually become happy and content with your rule. Well with Total War: ATTILA and Empire: Total War Creative Assembly said ""♥♥♥♥ that♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; and decided that settlements should constantly hate you and be rebelling against you every two turns!Now this review is on Total War: ATTILA, not Empire: Total War, so I suppose I should say 'why' the settlements constantly hate you in Total War: ATTILA. Two words: Town Centers... You see when you capture a settlement of a different culture (which you'll be doing A LOT) it has different 'town center' than your faction's town centers. So what you have to do is convert that town center to your factions version of the town center. Now, that sounds alright, except that it is nowhere NEAR alright. Because not only does it cost WAY too much gold, I'm talking like 8000 Gold (the amount you make in around 8 turns, roughly 8 YEARS in game time) just to convert a SMALL LOW TIER TOWN, AND IF YOU DON'T CONVERT THE CENTER THEN THE POPULACE WILL JUST HATE YOU FOREVER UNLESS YOU FEEL LIKE WASTING A WHOLE ARMY ON KEEPING THE PEACE IN THOSE SPECIFIC SETTLEMENTS!So what does that mean? Well it should be obvious to those that are familiar with the Total War franchise, but just in case this is your first encounter with it I'll explain: What it means is that you're wasting an army on just trying to keep your empire together rather than going off and helping you keep up the conquest. So you're wasting money just putting those armies (that you are paying the big bucks for) in every province you capture that, for the record, aren't producing enough income to make it worthwhile since you haven't converted the town center yet!You'll even find AI with settlements that hate them too because the AI itself can't even afford to convert their town centers! This is such a stupid design choice that even the game can't function with it! You're better off just preying on those with the same cultures as you as you will already have the same town centers as them. But then in later parts of the game you are FORCED to have to eventually fight against a different culture, and if you don't capture all of their settlements then there's no way to defeat them! So it's either just rush killing your enemy quick enough so that you can make it back to your own empire in time to kill the townsfolk that are rebelling for the five hundredth time before they end up capturing half your empire, or just dying. Does that sound fun?Now for those of you who are new to Total War then continue reading this paragraph, for those who are familiar with it you can just skip to the next paragraph. Let me tell you how a normal Total War game works: You amass an army and go out and conquer enemy faction's settlements, by doing this you get more income from those settlement's taxes. The more you conquer, the more you grow, but with Total War: ATTILA it's the opposite. The more you capture the more people hate you and feel like rebelling every two turns and you actually lose money from investing in armies to keep the peace in those unruly settlements.I really wish that this game could've just worked, but the more and more I play it the more I just hate it. This isn't the only problem I have with Total War: ATTILA but it's definitely my biggest. Other problems I've found include: A boring setting that just doesn't really inspire me into conquering it all, literally everyone gets killed by Attila the Hun when he begins his murder spree, the units in this game feel lacking as you definitely feel that their more calvary based (which is to be expected from Attila the Hun, but you're not always going to be playing as Attila, rather you're going to be playing as some barbarian tribe), all those reasons and a few more are why Total War: ATTILA has to be the WORST Total War I've ever played."
76561198120507540,Not Recommended,325610,14730100,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,guyjones767,this game wont work right it keep saying thet the driver is out of date and needs updates
,Not Recommended,325610,14749310,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Joshikazam,"It really is a pretty fun game, but don't help keep alight flames that is Creative's Assembly's money addiction, and their attempt to give us unfinished games. Just buy Medieval 2 or something instead."
,Not Recommended,325610,32840565,Posted: 26 June,all,BadKind,"Grafis meningkat, politic and family system baru, desolate settlement options baru, AI lebih kejam? Hehe. Unit baru, faction baru. Sayang grafisnya ngga optimize ! Ditinggal developernya bikin warhammer series lain!"
76561198026694666,Recommended,325610,16767973,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Bunkledump Gufufflefumpter,"ATTILA has a unique feel among strategy games--the focus is less on glorious victory and more on surviving--it almost feels apocalyptic. My only real complaint is that you have to play for ~100 turns before Attila himself takes control of the Huns and rides across the map.A lot of people are complaining about DLC, but I really don't care. The vanilla game is worth the price, which is all that matters."
76561198044335688,Not Recommended,325610,16692883,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,SovietWolf,"Great game, horrible developer."
,Not Recommended,325610,19642362,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,nuclearstephen,Pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ that I have to pay extra to play as Aksum
76561198030446426,Not Recommended,325610,19651843,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,flammschrein,"Attila total war is far too more complicated, buggy than Rome 2 total war so yeah Rome 2 Total war was better than this game. SEGA you have dissapponted your fans and customers...."
76561198057972103,Recommended,325610,19784157,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,EVERT BEEF,plz i need likes
76561197965789416,Not Recommended,325610,20071438,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Dr. Claw,"This game is terrible. I should have known better. It's been all down hill since medieval 2. It can be redeemed by a number of fantastic community mods to a level that is playable, but having to do this with terrible CA game after terrible CA game becomes increasingly inexcusable with each iteration.If you want to underestand why this game is so disappointing, listen to Dan Carlin's ""Wrath of the Khans"", which was about the mongols but it's pretty much the same, and you will come away with a complete understanding of just how bad this game is at portraying what the huns or mongols were actually like. I sure wish the developers did so, it could have been a really fantastic game. The blatant absence of any connection to history makes it all the more clear what this game intends to be, a way to squeeze money out of people using rome 2, a disaster in its own right, as a base.The idea of basing a total war game on the huns or mongols - a nomadic people whose way of life revolved around the horse and war is extremely intrigueing. Living off the land and pillaging was their way of life. They could conquer nations much greater than themselves because of the power of the horse and the bow and what these tools allowed them to achieve tactically and strategically.The reality is, you can't do the strategic things because the concept of the huns was shoehorned into the framework of a total war game. Your units have upkeep, just like any other faction. The only payment these troops received historically was a share of the plunder when towns were sacked.As Carlin points out, the steppe peoples' favorite tactic was ambushing. Guess what? The huns can't ambush in this game.As Carlin also points out, the fact that the entire army moved at the speed of a horse because it had no logistics (nor was it attached to its yurt ""city"" as it is in this game) meant these armies could move 2-3 times faster and further than a conventional army in the same amount of time. In this game, I'm not even sure a 100% cavalry army gets any more movement points than an army with infantry and seige weapons, let alone 2-3 times as many as would be appropriate.You have infantry as the huns, and pretty much have to use it due to rock-paper-scissors mechanics (foot archers and spearmen both crush cavalry/cav archers in total war), which is historically inaccurate.The huns' cavalry is like all other cavalry in rome 2, borderline useless.This is also completely historically inaccurate. I had a single bodyguard unit surrounded by 5 units of hunnish melee cavalry (basically time in real life to choose falling on your sword to dying at their hands) and the bodyguard defeated them.I moved an army, consisting entirely of cavalry, as actual hun armies would have, into a province and was attacked by an army consisting almost entirely of infantry and could not withdraw from battle. The tactic of harassing and withdrawing is historically how the steppe peoples were able to defeat armies many times larger than themselves, except you can't do it in this game. I was forced to fight an army I could easily have evaded if any attempt was made to be true to history.In spite of all this, there is a way to enjoy this game. The solution is to install a wide variety of mods that can fix some of this. There is an archers reload ammunition mod, which allows you to harass and retreat within a battle with archers (Carlin says the Mongols had about 150 arrows per man when they rode into battle, the hunnic horse archers have about 20). There is a mod that fixes relationships with client states so they don't rebel (huns can't hold territory, so client states are essential). There is a mod that prevents the cheating AI from recruiting agents and spamming them at you, as it has done since medieval 2 (I was spammed with a 10 star enemy spy by the year 400 in my current play through.) There are a few other mods, including 12 turns per year, increasing base fertility by 1, reducing costs of diplomacy, increasing the importance of generals that are also very helpful."
,Not Recommended,325610,23768316,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,official roblox admin,"It isn't fun, I hate it, and thank the lord GabeN that it has the chance to be refunded and sent back to the hell that from this monstrosity spawned."
,Not Recommended,325610,14735371,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Poo,"Do not buy.. money grabbing company, charging high prices for DLC that should have been released day 1 - such a dissapointment."
76561198088019145,Not Recommended,325610,14739217,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Xonic01,"Does not launch, I spent $44.99 and it wont launch i have gone and tried to contact people from there website to help and the was no explanation many others are having this issue as well so if you have a mac dom't buy this game."
76561198036045329,Recommended,325610,16984208,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,dave3goo,i love all total war game!
76561198176520089,Recommended,325610,16982001,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,wattyberzowski,buy it
,Recommended,325610,16993702,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Draper,excellent game as expected
76561198026452405,Not Recommended,325610,14603710,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,<removed>,"Attila is a small evolution of what we received in Rome 2Total War as a whole clearly needs a more distinct changes.-This game is poo poo like Rome 2 , dont expect that 100 patches will fix it .~Im still waiting for new Medieval  Total War ."
76561198003248546,Not Recommended,325610,21769503,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Indeclineable,"♥♥♥♥♥game on Mac, why is it even offered. High end 2016 Imac cant run this at any speed."
,Not Recommended,325610,21304830,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,D4NG3R CSGOBETSHARK.COM,I have always loved Total War. But Attila offering a MORE advanced game.  So if you is new to Total War i would recommend the more old Total War's like Total War Rome. For me this game is just HARD and if you love a challenge when you maybe like this game. Or if you just use you time on it.
,Recommended,325610,17028700,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Hawkeye,"Much better than Rome 2 gg best game ever has huns barbarians, byzantines and western romans, 10/10 take over the world as the byzantine (Eastern Romen empire)"
76561197964411302,Not Recommended,325610,21229111,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Stabby,"According to SEGA, players of this game have: 980 Ti's, more money than they can spend, and no recollection of the ""rome II incident"".I'll reassume playing this one day when I'm rich, and have long forgotten about its similarity to rome II, and the other predecessors of Attilla for that matter.God I regret buying this."
,Not Recommended,325610,24090505,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Molag Zaal,"Not a great Total War game IMO, too lackluster."
76561198202182076,Not Recommended,325610,24296357,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,DoctorWho3232,"I really thought meh for Total War Attila. It was certainly not the best, and anyone who says so is probably in an asylum. For the price, it is an absolute waste. They tried and failed to improve their political system and diplomacy. You need trashy units to capture towers because they will explode once they are captured and kill almost the whole unit. What makes the towers worse is that they have ridiculous range and are almost a one hit for any soldier. Unless you buy it while it is 75% off it is not worth it. Babarians did historically pillage and burn villages, but they did not burn every single village they took over. The babarian hordes burn down every single village they take. Once you get far into the game, there will be dozens of destroyed villages all over the map which can be quite annoying. The people who say this game does not deserve mixed reviews are wrong. The only improved things are that archers are useful now and there are new buildings and tech along with being able to watch the fiery projectiles as they fly. That is really all the good that can be said for this game. Total War Attila really could have been amazing but was ruined by the factors that I described. I hope you take what I have said into consideration, and have a great day!!"
76561198296505925,Not Recommended,325610,24309452,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Медведь,"I would've given this a damn big thumb up yesterday but the ""GRAND"" scale of its Grand Campaigne had given me severe headaches as well as many other discomforts due to the fact that I binge played it for 26 hours straight. It's time to throw up some more. T_T"
76561198108022563,Not Recommended,325610,28742764,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,xxrawrzzzxx_,Pretty meh.
76561198107965797,Recommended,325610,17055996,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Gaem,Very nice game ! But it cost very much...
76561198112981059,Recommended,325610,21767170,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,choglit,Well i like it.
76561198030278421,Not Recommended,325610,19664351,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,dezco14,worst total war I've played
76561198188489141,Not Recommended,325610,24772793,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Shitmo,This is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Not even working on mac and Idk y ♥♥♥♥ing sega is selling it
76561198059785670,Not Recommended,325610,21779263,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,KalterToast,Best Loading Screen Simulator.Cant Start the Campaign or the Prolouge.Every Time i try i get thrown back to the main menue10/10 would buy again(not)
76561198032625994,Not Recommended,325610,28334057,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Rear Adm zDom,"I like the Total War franchise, but this game .. (smh)Tired of waiting for the AI to page through 100 different factions.Seems like the PC is playing with itself most of my play sessions and then -- oh yeah: human want a turn?Then back to watching it page through 100 different factions.Got it for $10 and feel ike I payed too much.If I want to Total War again, I'll go back to Shogun 2."
76561197961687841,Recommended,325610,20146473,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Epzilon,Good game
,Recommended,325610,23192254,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,brad3wheeler,Rip rome
76561198046284778,Not Recommended,325610,24662872,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Gator Ghoul,"Do not buy this please, it's just a RTW2 dlc for $45. 0/938h347tg238470"
,Not Recommended,325610,29309719,Posted: 16 January,all,Deathlands,Not a fan of this one. Just can't get into it. Every battle I play I end up losing.
76561198035638200,Recommended,325610,16765098,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Zom-BOT,"WHO DARES CHALLENGE HONORIUS, EMPEROR OF MANKIND? OH, ITS YOU, VANDAL? I WILL CRUSH YOUR SKULL AND EAT THE HEART OF YOUR SONS! AFTER THAT, EVERYTHING WILL BE ALLRIGHT ON THE GREAT IMPERIUM OF [ro]MAN[s]!!"
76561198179986066,Not Recommended,325610,25333963,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,KingJoffrey,not better than Rome II
,Recommended,325610,14518132,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Fosters Good Call,"Very good game, takes aspects from all the Total wars and mixes them into one. When i say all i mean the current engine games, be warned it still has many bugs.Positives:- Great gamplay- New factions- Family tree- Empires are difficult to maintainNegatives:- Buggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥- Bad optimisation"
,Recommended,325610,19247734,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,flymaw0,Yes.
76561198138870206,Not Recommended,325610,31153115,Posted: 15 April,all,Kaiser,"This is a fun game. BUT, the mods of this game are even better than the base game (In my opinion). So then why did i give this game a negative rating? Because being the Mac user that I am, I can't play these awesome mods. So if you have a Pc I would recommend this game, but if you dont, i wouldnt reccomend it"
,Not Recommended,325610,24350909,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Lionheart,"An i5 6600 @ 3.9Ghz, 16GB DDR4 2666mhz RAM, Overclocked GTX 1070 Video card running at max settings 1080p & barely reached 30fps.....................You're Trash Sega / CA"
76561198054802397,Not Recommended,325610,34230939,Posted: 14 August,all,JTB-user,"Frustratingly hard, when it doesn't need to be. Less civil controls than its predecessor, so you're basically restricted to lowering or raising taxes...I tried 3 different campaigns, and each was a disappointment."
76561197982269157,Not Recommended,325610,14747628,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,DocCox,"The original TW and the first couple were just so fantastic, ive never been able to stop buying the series... but I have found myself regretting every single purchase for the last few. Every total war I have since empire... is full of bugs. So full of bugs you dont beat the game. Your supposed to be able to play campaign multiplayer, but I doubt anybody has EVER completed a real campaign game multiplayer. This is the same thing. ITS EXACTLY THE SAME. I mean really, they basically just reuse 90 of their work every single release, if you have played one youve played them all.Modders release far more complete products, run circles around this execuse for a company. This DLC Bs they keep pulling is really making me not want to continue buying their products. Clearly, they created a game they knew wasnt complete, and they also know they can♥♥♥♥♥♥thousands of people for a little more money... then a little more... then a little more... and by the time your $120 into it you have a complete game with only a FEW game breaking bugs."
76561198009802417,Not Recommended,325610,14747485,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Qmicic,"This is getting ridiculous. Not only this games optimalization is atrocious but is nothing new comparing it to rome 2. In addition CA is trying to play their customers for fools by releasing 2 payed DLC within 2 weeks of original game being published. I don't know about you but i am tired of being treated like a moron and a cash cow. This IS the last CA product i bought i my life. It's a promise. Game is barely fine but not diferent enough from Rome 2 to justify separate game title. Gamer - you being punked into buying a ""new"" game. don't bother."
,Recommended,325610,16450448,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Darth Doo Doo,"This game sucks real balls, just look at my hours."
76561198003994916,Recommended,325610,17188213,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,ShakeThatWeirdo,<(^^<)     <(^^)>     (>^^)>
76561198102050524,Recommended,325610,15485787,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Some Guy,"I really like this game. It's probably because its a little different. In this game, expansion is not the main goal, but to survive the Hunnic Horde that can never be destroyed"
76561198007538506,Recommended,325610,15460274,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Pants,Still not a new experience with the battle engine being the same and very clunky as in Rome.
,Not Recommended,325610,30068012,Posted: 20 February,all,Buddha Fett,Lowest point in the Total War series.
,Recommended,325610,19642248,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,ROad to crippling depression,its ok
76561198067249605,Not Recommended,325610,20134083,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,AfghaniGoat,"I cannot play this game at all. I have tried multiple forums with all of their solutions, but nobody knows how to get this game to work for me, or any of the other people that are having the same problem as me.  I am very close to asking for a refund."
76561198006587521,Recommended,325610,16507641,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Tolousen,One word: AWESOME!All total war games are cool! And guess what? Attila ROCKS!
76561197978041004,Recommended,325610,14522920,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,NutCustard,"10/10 - Amazing update, highly highly recommended."
,Recommended,325610,16727156,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Barbaros,"Good game. But limited factions !!!I am bored from same games! Need innovation, new age, new wars...I'm waiting ( Total war WW I ) :)"
,Recommended,325610,16748003,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Ugly Bob,Addicted!
76561198012391981,Recommended,325610,16748654,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,EmperorConan,fun
76561198000399339,Recommended,325610,14512730,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Gh0st78,Well so far so good. Having played almost every Total War to date (except Rome 1) I can easily say this is one of the most complex and enjoyable experiences thus far. After a couple patches in regards to optimization this should be a real winner. Big step up from Rome 2.
,Recommended,325610,14512086,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Margraviate of Brandenburg,"Just started playing today. Absolutely hooked. Unlike other TW games, this game has nice and dandy extra features that make the game easier, or less annoying, to play. (when you forget to do something you click on the reminder saying what you forgot and it takes you to it, etc) Not many bugs, my game froze for a moment, but then got back on track, and so far the BIGGEST campaign map! You should get this, even at full price."
76561197974069499,Not Recommended,325610,23806540,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Belmont,"A step up from Rome 2. CA believed if they changed some of the atomsphere and kept the horrible combat system of Rome 2, people would like it. CA is going the path of EA."
,Recommended,325610,14516441,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Cullen,"I've only been able to play the Prolouge battle but it seems very good so far. Feels a lot like Medieval 2 mixed with Rome II.THE GREATEST THING IS THAT THEY FINALLY OPTOMIZED IT. I have a GTX 780Ti which is one of the most powerful cards out there and i still couldnt play a seige map on ROME II without extreme lag. But in this one. no lag, yay. I would recomend buying this game if you are a true Total War fan. if you are unsure about it due to ROME II's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ release i would wait a few weeks to see if the game is broken in anyway that makes in un-playable.Hopefully with anyluck, Sega won't order any ♥♥♥♥♥♥ patches or money grubbing DLC. Good luck, and happy Waring"
,Recommended,325610,18056749,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Oddlike,"Though there have been some changes in the layout and HUD of the Total War series' (for me the comparison is always made with a base in TW: Medieval II, since it was my first TW experience) I really  enjoy the feel of TW: Attila and the whole setting and historic immersion into the known world of 400 AD is truly wholesome. The Total War series maintains its strong position as one of the best RTS franchises ever, something that I as a fan, am very happy with."
76561198045801146,Recommended,325610,14515544,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,ReachForTheSky,"Pleasantly surprised; pretty much everything that was a problem in Rome 2 has either been addressed or if not completely fixed then improved.Not much time played of course this being the first day, but it took the same amount of time to recognise Rome 2 was a little... rough around the edges."
76561198108967507,Recommended,325610,18038682,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,ZachAttack,at least the dlc is better than the star trek game for ios
76561198011529017,Recommended,325610,14520872,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,MojoPower,"♥♥♥♥. can't be polite on this one. why the hell aren't there any legionaires?!?!? the ♥♥♥♥ were you thinking?! it's like THE thing associated with the roman empire! how am i supposed to restore the eastern, or western roman power without bloody legionaires?! put them back in or refund my money!i want roman legionaires!if you do not comply, i will write an army of angry comments - wich you will ignore - wich will animate me to write angry passive-aggresive emails, regarding the consistency of my excrements - wich you will find offensive, resulting in you going to play squash to blow off steam and hurting yourself - wich will make your girlfriend very angry - wich on the other hand will cause apple pickers in peru to not get paid a porper wage - wich will cause warlords in afghanistan to raid a city to get enought apples for the yearly apple festival and national apple turnament - where Yorick Heastiknas the swedish grand apple champion will win the first prize - making poor fishers in sri lanka loose all theyr money in bets - wich will cause the plane crash of oceanic flight 817 on a remote island - where jack will find a radio, allowing him to send a signal to nelson mandela in 1962, warning him about the police raid on 5th august - wich putin will see as an act of violence against russian loyalists in crimea - wich will ultimately lead to the annexation of a toilet by the occupy movement during a demonstration. do you want to deny poor kids a proper education? no?then put legionaires back in the game, or you are a racist... just saying....(apart from that the game is a good upgrade to rome2)"
,Recommended,325610,20154288,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Agony,-One of the best strategy games-Re-instated a lot of features that were missed from Rome 2-Attention to historical detail-Creates a compelling story-Average AI
76561198262928030,Recommended,325610,20965374,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,JustNat_Bros_1 | trade.tf,Complicated and realistic... I love it!
76561198162907710,Not Recommended,325610,28660257,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,tbonecadet1,horrible game it is too difficult even on easy not worth the money
76561198054938120,Not Recommended,325610,24458003,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,jan9van,"Unbalanced, not worth of money."
76561198142557826,Not Recommended,325610,22769803,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,☠Black Knight,"Absolute garbage. Do not waste your money like I did. This game is a joke. The AI ALL declare war on you for absolutely no reason, even if they love your faction. Which prevents you from being able to build up or do anything really. You are stuck fighting neverending wars against 10+ factions until you run out of the tiny number of starting troops it gave you, and then game over every time. Doesn't matter what faction you are, or where you choose to live. A game has to be VERY VERY broken for it to be so bad that not even mods can fix it.If that's not enough proof, take a look at the DLC. This game is a money grab with no content. After over one hundred hours I can tell you that there is no point in trying to get around the game's countless problems.0/10"
76561198055857663,Recommended,325610,16322491,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Yakub,
76561198008881758,Not Recommended,325610,14519664,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,karlpayn2090,"Why does nothing CA releases ever work? It's very lazy of them to release an unfished game and expect the gaming comunity to finish it.My game doesn't even work, it just keeps getting stuck on the loading screen then CTD without any messages.THANKS CA!"
,Recommended,325610,14511785,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Lord Jack,"It's another Total War game, what's there to complaint about?"
,Not Recommended,325610,16690454,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Jerry,disappointing
,Not Recommended,325610,14560573,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,EsCalibur,"Horrible Mac optimization!. Used to run Rome 2 via virtual machine (Parallels) and it worked way more better than ""Attila"" on OSX. disappointmentIt looks like 3rd party company, not Creative Assembly created this product"
,Not Recommended,325610,23577717,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Mr. Whiskers,Meh.4/10 IGN
76561198108561340,Recommended,325610,23097278,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,I Am Russian,This game is ight
76561198026159667,Not Recommended,325610,23003060,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,hopflogg,"Absloutly terrible, crashes every time i try to play it.  If you have a mac dont even dare to get this game."
76561198049410281,Not Recommended,325610,21758131,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Admiral Awesome,Campaigns are the same damn battle over and over again. Very annoying.
76561198119378645,Not Recommended,325610,30654803,Posted: 21 March,all,Swedish_Raccoon,Wont even start :D.
76561198046252711,Recommended,325610,19877084,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,The Machismo King Randy Savage,"Man I don't even know what to say, So I wont, except that I will say that although this game was bad I quite liked it.I love giving SEGA my money.But Why?P.S please release more culture packs.P.P.S Attila wasn't real, I know because I read that in a book  once."
,Not Recommended,325610,25831576,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,RTK | Proteus,"No worth it  , after rome 2 disasters Attila released to little too late"
76561198277266125,Not Recommended,325610,25565239,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,torrendavids66,i wish theres more details in armor for units
76561198028513363,Not Recommended,325610,14731063,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Mr X,My Specs:Intel Core i7 2620M @ 2.70GHzNividia GeForce GT525M16 GB RAMGame Benchmark at Low/Medium:7-9 FPSlol
76561198072145279,Not Recommended,325610,16677185,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Nuggets,Loved the rest of the series but this one sucks.
76561198106701485,Recommended,325610,22855337,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Scoutmaster Lumpus,meh
76561198007219352,Not Recommended,325610,14692401,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,ƉϵҢטᴍƛȵɨɀɘʠ,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\.♥♥♥♥ DLC's"
,Not Recommended,325610,14604730,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Mutt,Dont buy this game. Its a huge improvement on rome 2 and its a lot of fun but I'm constantly encountering game-ruining crashes.
76561198008029061,Not Recommended,325610,14741318,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,kitkatsap,"Very much the same as Rome 2: gameplay is much worth. Can't control unit properly kept shooting at our own guys. Formation is very hard to use. Got every games of total war series and very very dissapointed. Dioplomatic doesn't work. Please tell me if this make sense : Largest army in the world, Friends since turn one, always give : declared war even knowing not going to win. It like Canada decided declare war on US. Very complicate internal management. How ofter your general will want to go to war with you.DON""T BUY THE GAME. This should be only expansion for total war ROME2Hope to see total war: Warhammer. Different armies must have different strategies."
,Not Recommended,325610,16708169,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,П.IV,way too problematic
76561198154045770,Not Recommended,325610,33644838,Posted: 18 July,all,estefangarfield,"What a disaster! As a long time player & fan of Total War, this game was a total waste of time and money.Appart from the very good map and improved dimplomacy. Everything else was horribly wrong. The Battles are boriing at best and crazy at worst. Missle Unites do not follow the order to fire. Enemy unites fall apart when attaking in huge numbers, especially when seiging walled cities. The AL is also eratic and our enemies does not have the lethal focus of Shugon 2. AL goes crazy when managing huge empires. Such as adding huge sums to treasury.A huge and continued regression after Shugon 2.  Don't buy this game, and if you have, delete it immidiatly."
76561197994246019,Recommended,325610,19258311,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,DARKNESS,Im not sure why steam is allowing me to Write a review for a game i dont own nor have ever played.Will review games ive never played before again.
,Recommended,325610,14514391,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Belmont,Attila burned my pc to the ground11/10 would preorder again
76561198007569546,Not Recommended,325610,19704459,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,rcafsteve,"Campain mode is very poor, read more on reddit"
,Not Recommended,325610,31342855,Posted: 24 April,all,tibble toes,♥♥♥♥
76561198032165334,Recommended,325610,20946344,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Its Just a Flesh Wound,"HAHAHAH 90% of the bad reviews come from ppl play 100+ hour lmao.  Dont believe the moaning spoiled CA fans.  For a total war game its mechanics are uniqie in its own way.  Like the rest of the total war games, I found it to be addicting and enjoyable. BTW notice how alot of bad reviews come from ppl playing many many many hours.... if they didnt like it why were they playing it so much?  There has to be a reason.  Watch somegameplay online 1st to see for yourself what your getting. GLHF"
76561198028122400,Not Recommended,325610,19766933,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Caradoon,Found the game too difficult.
,Not Recommended,325610,19638733,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Duke,"this game and rome 2 is not total war, its  total♥♥♥♥♥♥ bring back shogun 2 spirit or im never buying again. i regret every penny on those 2 products. I wish I could just refund my money back."
,Not Recommended,325610,34333310,Posted: 18 August,all,Shiroe,2/10 fps
76561198038279521,Not Recommended,325610,14747751,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Boyler89,"Running on the same engine as Rome 2 total war. Attila is without a doubt what Rome should have been. However paying full price for what is essentially a dlc of a broken game is not exactly fair. Attila is nothing more than a glorified DLC, and seems to be continuing the trend of Creative assembly and their disregard for their fans of over a decade. A disregard which has most likely been spawned from Sega cracking the whip on franchise releases"
76561198011045738,Recommended,325610,23960462,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Marsilius,Good game for those who love history and needs some reality to be interested. There is feel of adventure and surprises. Against the some commentators I would say there is much diversity in the geographical areas and troops among the factions depending their geographical areas. Age of Charlemagne is also interesting if we think world today.One plus for the game is that it is not too realistic: you will not die right away if you are carefull and you can create in open history your own story and characters.It is impossible to create the world which is exactly same as historical reality but this kind of game would be also boring. You need possibility to change the history.
,Recommended,325610,18349815,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,madlarkin8,"I played Empire: total war and Napolean: total war. Napolean was basically a graphical update IMO with similar gameplay but lacked the scope of the former. Attila is sort of like that with ROME II..... Except its better in every conceivable way. from little things like pathfinding updates to unit rosters being more specialized, I truly felt the magnitude of the huns shining through in this game; from the excellent, haunting musical score, to the new grand campaign additions, THIS is the game that ROME II should/could have been.SEIGE AI is still totally borked. I can hold back an entire Sassanid army with a regiment of heavy spears. But hey, thats why you play online."
,Recommended,325610,14661414,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Herr von Unterfranken,"It's essentially Rome's Barbarian Invasion with better graphics and some improvements regarding the family tree (politics are a bit more interesting now, but not overbearing) as well as campaign improvements (narrative and missions) that have been around since Rome 2.This is a GOOD thing.Back in the olden days, the only thing that sucked at Total War was the AI. With Total War: Attila, they return to that Golden Age of everything is awesome except that I'm constantly winning. As a Total War veteran, that's still an issue for me, because I want to see a day where AI surprises me with competence on the battlefield (they don't nearly suck as much on the campaign map....well, sometimes), however for the less experienced player, this is actually rather helpful, since you can get away with loosing important battles without having to forfeit your campaign. And, well, you can screw up and still win, which is fun :DThe thing is though, this is nothing new really. Sure you got the horde mechanic, but that's been done, even if it's execution is quite a bit better than in the past. The factions you can choose from: Western Rome, Eastern Rome, Sassanides (=Persians), Franks, Saxons, 4 Migration factions starting out as a horde (both goths, vandals, and some other faction) and the Huns are not THAT many to choose from but at least they are all more or less interesting.Coming to a conclusion, I would have to say that so far I like Attila a lot. Haven't had this much fun with a Total War game since Shogun 2. It got me into a good Total War vibe, not the bad frustrating one that makes you wanna hate on Creative Assembly, but the good vibe that captivates you and sucks you into the game in a way that is both relaxing and rewarding. I missed that.Rome 2 isn't as bad now, as it used to be. It also turned out to be a fun game, even if it isn't the best. Attila however is fun NOW and good NOW and instead of becoming enjoyable in a couple of months, it might actually get even better and even more fun in a couple of months.So if you're asking yourself: Rome 2 or Attila? I say, go for Attila. He's a badass."
76561198179994318,Recommended,325610,17591451,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,BLUE,new macbook air and i cant play attila
,Recommended,325610,16104399,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Yaba,It's alright.10/10.
76561198007035118,Not Recommended,325610,24583558,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Underworld89,Still broken
76561198023927365,Not Recommended,325610,26326763,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,disedent,"i have played every total war since shogun, this installment is nothing more then rebellion after rebellion its awfull.  I will never buy another total war again, all the old ones were to easy because the AI was weak, they still have weak AI, only difference is now you fight your own faction nonstopor the huns. update, this game sucks worse then i thought, the huns chase you and only you across europe this is so stupid."
76561198007850432,Recommended,325610,14512022,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Tommyb69k,The Game is amazing10/10
76561198017211234,Not Recommended,325610,14516068,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,captainjack102582,"Game is broken, nuff said.  Creative assembly releases another unplayable game.  Game freezes in the middle of turns, the horde system makes you keep your armies stationary for many turns at a time if you want to replenish armies or build.  should never have preordered"
76561198077414309,Recommended,325610,14521575,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Will,now we know why rome 2 was♥♥♥♥♥♥they had us fooled!
76561198013712134,Not Recommended,325610,22784875,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,graythorn777,Going into this game I was optimistic. I thought hurray they worked out all the bugs and brought the promises of Rome 2 to life. So I gave it a chance. Holy hell was the release horrible.  The lag issues the lack of unit diversity. This game became Germanic total war. The AI without modding is horrible and spams its tier 1 units to hell and back. That being said the siege and fire mechanics are fun. But rebuilding the entire world is not. It becomes a sitting game of rebuilding a burned world rather than actually fighting anyone. The horde system is broken and can out produce your economy regardless of the climate. Overall this felt like a crappy expansion that didnt live up to the hype. Please please please do better in Total War Warhammer or I may lose hope in this company.
76561197993262737,Not Recommended,325610,22798028,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Exzit,"The game is ok when it works.There are some new intresting mecanics that where added to Attila that where not in Rome 2, but with save files often getting corrupt and coop games often desyncing its not worth it.My recomendation is getting Rome 2 instead, Rome 2 is pretty similar but its way more stable and the factions are more well known and its a more intresting time period."
76561198022031436,Not Recommended,325610,24182940,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,click_5,"I;m sorry I have played every single Total War game up to this with the exception of Shogun 1 and Medieval 1.This game is down-right boring.  You will have an A.I. thats most complex tactic is to constantly sacking the same undefended city, never razing or occupying it.It's graphics engine is garbage, and even with a $5,600 computer I still can't run it with a graphics level that compares to Rome II.Overall this is literally the only Total War game that covers a depressing period of history, the others being periods of aspiration and improvement.  As a result this game is depressing, boring, and has crappy graphics.  I know most true gamers don't care about graphics, but everything looks like a turd with this game, and its mechanics are also very turd-like.Have fun when the end-game fertility mechanics make every single $%^&ing territory have a level 0-1 fertility!!!  BTW if you haven't played yet it that means that it is practically like colonizing the moon.  Go ahead and buy it for your ""collection,"" but don't expect to actually make it to the end of the game.  It is just too boring."
,Not Recommended,325610,14539287,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,[VA]Strikes,"I can't believe I bought it. I should not have done that; no, I should not have done that.Every Campaign I attempt to play... I play 'nice' by keeping up with relations via Diplomacy and every single time; 1 person will break their NAP with me, and attack me; I'll defend myself and in the process the rest of the entire Faction List will end up going to war with me.4 different play-through attempts; all results in the entire Faction List (world) Declaring War on you and just blowing you away with extreme numbers. (This is on EASY)Multiplayer is a waste of time. If you love twiddling your thumbs while you wait for your friends to take their turn; then by all means, go for it. But this is 2015 people; turns should be taken at the same damn time. (Ain't nobody got time 'fo dat!)Avoid. Avoid. Avoid."
,Not Recommended,325610,16761504,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,shelbypup252,"So I was playing Total War: Attila and I realized: ""Wait, what if Total War wasn't made by CA and made by Paradox? That would be so great. Europa Universalis 4 is PROOF that you CAN make a really good game that is basically an empire builder WITHOUT HAVING RIDICULOUS DLC. I mean yeah, they did have 6 DLCs, but those DLCs were adding like 25+ more hours of content to an already great game. Total War: Attila has too many DLC. I will not pay $7.99 JUST TO HAVE BLOOD IN THE GAME! I know I'm not supposed to use another game in a review, but Europa Universalis + The Battles is the type of game we want. We want to be able to play every faction on the entire game map. We don't want to have to ****ing spend 42 F***ing dollars on a game that it won't make any difference on. Why not give all the DLC to us NOW and have an actually good game, and then use the DLC to actually make a HUGE DIFFERENCE on the game itself. Why can't CA understand this?The actual gameplay itself isn't too bad. In comparison to EU4, it's the worst f***ing thing ever, but NO! This isn't a review for that game. I think the gameplay was terrible, what with the fact that there are OP people EVERYWHERE and not a single f***ing person in this f***ing continent can actually figure out how to use anything but Germanic Levys. I love Total War, and no, I'm not one of those major fanboys who has played it since it's first game, I started at Shogun II. That game was nice. I really enjoyed it. It gave me a sense that this series was actually good. but Rome II and Attila proved me the f*** wrong. Rome II was amazingly easy while Attila was amazingly just... fail. Don't get this game. It's not worth the $44.99 price tag. It's not worth $10. Go buy EU4 and throw Attila into magmaey pits of mount doom of which it was born. Eu4 without DLC is not AS good as with, but still go get it and abandon Attila."
,Recommended,325610,14522719,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,The Laughing God,High King went blind. Had wife assassinate.10/10 would go blind again.
76561198062662550,Not Recommended,325610,20127530,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,WhiteCollarCrimes,"0/10.Bought, played, returned to Steam."
,Not Recommended,325610,33854265,Posted: 28 July,all,Blodcyning,"I got Rome 2 refunded because I couldn't send units around the campaign without generals. That boded so poorly for the game that I knew I wouldn't like it. Later I decided to try out Attila, and figured I'd suck it up and deal with that horrible mechanic I just mentioned, and then I noticed there's some other mechanic called ""imperium"" that limits the number of armies you can have. What the hell? These mechanics are so dumb, unhistorical, anti-freedom, and a bunch of other bad things. Why invent all these awful mechanics when you could solve unit spam by increasing unit price? Creative Assembly don't know how to make a good game anymore. I can't enjoy a game if the base mechanics are so bad."
76561197969458289,Not Recommended,325610,33641544,Posted: 18 July,all,Charok,All these new TW games past Medieval 2 are mediocre to terrible.  I could barely like Shogun 2.  Attila hurts my eyes to look at.  The tech tree is boring design ideas from boring Civilization.
,Not Recommended,325610,30460279,Posted: 11 March,all,General Henri Guisan,"as a casual gamer, I do not recomend it.... for me, this is to complex"
76561198026441907,Not Recommended,325610,18094902,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Frankie,ye..... no
,Recommended,325610,22056992,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,mudcrabmerchant,"Ignore the idiots downvoting it, almost all of them are just butthurt that CA doesn't give them new content for free. Best Total War game yet, and all the DLC's are worth it (depending on your own interests) except the Vikings."
,Not Recommended,325610,19309967,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Mei Mei,"lol. my game crush. this game is not even finish. i bought all edition of total war , this is the only edition fail me. disappointed. hope the creator be more courtesy"
76561198006596091,Recommended,325610,15490059,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Optimax71,Good Game
,Recommended,325610,20138801,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,hodor hodor hodor,its interesting lol
76561198123159628,Not Recommended,325610,30731659,Posted: 25 March,all,Deus_Vult,BAD
76561198001332271,Not Recommended,325610,19653825,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,3FoxYankee,"Attila Total War is an unfinished game published to harvest money from the total war series' fanbase. It resembles Rome II and it resembles Rome: Barbarian Invasion, but it totally lacks the AI intelligence from the original BI (which is waaay better). The problems continue, when you find a Europe burning. Not a metaphore because of wars, but simply burning because no faction wants to occupy new cities. Everything gets razed (even re-conquered cities). Public order is beginning on -10 in every faction, and rebellions will get a part of the daily life. If you start as a barbarien, then quantity comes before quality. Simply because there is no such thing as early quality in the barbarian tribes. And bowmen = ""instant death for morale and everything else because why the ♥♥♥♥ not?"" Other than that, play Rome and get recked by every single faction ingame.On a scale from 1 to 1 I would give it a 1."
76561198051496701,Recommended,325610,20967309,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Blaze,Successfully created 100% Jewish world. Makes me sick.
76561198051905314,Recommended,325610,32657387,Posted: 22 June,all,Brock Lesnar,♥♥♥♥♥game returned it.
76561198094037087,Recommended,325610,22291691,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Lithium,what Rome 2 could have been
,Not Recommended,325610,34670961,Posted: 1 September,all,EGOIST,"Dear Sega, do you like bad review？send a thought with u。"
,Not Recommended,325610,21770500,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Vlad III Drăculești,i don't like it at all
,Recommended,325610,29335806,Posted: 18 January,all,HOUSE STARK,Total War ATTILA
76561198002461343,Not Recommended,325610,14518444,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,[BKoT] Renard Mort,No blood ...
76561197983191258,Not Recommended,325610,25449570,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Karl The Butcher Shitter,1. Buy game.2. Install game.3. Start campaign.4. Spend 70-90% of playtime combating public disorder and 10% fighting battles.5. Uninstall.6. Profit.
76561198017391063,Not Recommended,325610,14818127,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,[U.N.Z.C]QuasiGecko,"Gee, you know, I think I might have more fun if I just went and bought a happy meal."
,Not Recommended,325610,33216069,Posted: 3 July,all,Indigo Knights,Do not buy this game if you are runnning any AMD. I am getting 15-20 fps on my machine and its a total rip when I can play Warhammer just fine.
,Not Recommended,325610,16691769,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Crackabis,Horrible
,Not Recommended,325610,23117191,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Eugene III,Game is so unstable
,Not Recommended,325610,16683482,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,pussyslayer69,trash
76561198272433012,Not Recommended,325610,30607889,Posted: 18 March,all,Alex Weinsheildbomb,It says the minamum ram is 4G... I have 8G and it chugs a nice 10fps.
76561198154994394,Not Recommended,325610,19312338,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,PreistWithGun,"all units have 24 to 58 guys in them, its like a miniature battle, no one likes that"
76561198010197756,Not Recommended,325610,21248243,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Let Me Axe You Somethin',trash
,Not Recommended,325610,21246597,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Booser Bob,"I have never played this game, nor do I own it. Why am I allowed to write a review?10/10 the game is a flawless masterpeice."
76561198011754979,Not Recommended,325610,23185660,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,jasonavich,See review for Total War: Warhammer.
76561198015324394,Not Recommended,325610,14538817,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,[EU]DrTruman,"WORST THAN MOST MODS OUT THEREI bought it watching all those positive reviews, but i was totally disappointed. Game is ugly, boring, it is almost identical to rome 2 but with an unfinished/ugly/boring feeling. I mean everything is identical, I thought they made some cool add on in battles but...not. Everything simply the same.  There was one simple late roman tactic rto add, the Fulcum (shields overlapping to form a wall), i was excited to see at least that single improvement...not, not even that. They simply remad the defensive testudo....and they even called it ""defensive testudo"", because changing the name was maybe to time consuming, I guess.Units look ugly, very ugly. I played a rome 2 mod about late empire and it was 10 times better, and it was free. UNits have no variation, everyone wears same armor and armors too are very unhistorical and unrealistic.Names of units are simply a casual melting of some late roman units. They could have made much, much better, on my opinion.40 euroes wasted. I had more fun playing some of the many mods for rome 2.UPDATE: SINCE A MONTH AGO THE GAME WAS UPDATED/PATCHED AND I CANNOT PLAY IT. I CONTACTED SEGA SUPPORT, TOTAL WAR SUPPORT AND NO ANSWER. THIS IS A REAL SHAME. I BOUGHT A GAME AND I CANNOT PLAY IT."
76561197967154303,Recommended,325610,20136138,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Physick,♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198129307554,Not Recommended,325610,21257343,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,MajourNewb4Reals,Worst tutorial ever good luck learning how to play
76561198263360149,Not Recommended,325610,28055465,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,eltahawy22,how come there's no arabic language in total war games and specially in attila.that make me play and understand the game in very difficult way
76561198128891672,Not Recommended,325610,24854739,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Kingpotato,Terrible game do not buyTerrible gameplay and half the time it does not start
76561198102404386,Not Recommended,325610,19404305,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Luke LV,OTHER MONEY WASTED ON  A BAD GAME DAMNN
76561198059100026,Recommended,325610,23873918,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Hermitman,"If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients:1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter2. 1/2 cup white sugar3. 1/2 cup brown sugar4. 1/4 cup water5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon6. 1 pinch salt7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced8. 1 pastry for double-crust pieDirections:1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing."
76561197970701643,Recommended,325610,14526843,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,It runs 5fps.
76561198012215545,Not Recommended,325610,28694894,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Pv2 Irwin Jacob G,Overly complicated
76561198094767176,Not Recommended,325610,30044385,Posted: 19 February,all,Fabian.Johnson,"Poor game.Battles were fun (despite teh AI cheating heavily) but the campaign is optimized horridly. UNLESS YOU ARE AN EXPERIENCED PLAYER, DO NOT BUY.This game has a lot of flaws that others have gone in depth on (I should have read their reviews) but my gripe is that you have to have played teh previous games and done well to know what you are doing in a campaign.And can we discuss the lazy DLC that is dangled over you at the main screen as if you can play them? Nothing worse than paying full price for a game to see that you are locked out from 75% of it and have to pay more."
76561198070618189,Not Recommended,325610,14940476,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,MuhGibs MeDat,A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ unfun cash grab of a game
,Not Recommended,325610,21337815,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,The Govnor Of ESSEX,DONATE DONATE DONATE DONATE DONATE DONATE DONATE DONATE DONATEMONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEYThis game is like rome 2 but worse in terms of optimization and the machines are the same not much of an improvement it's the same game but worse and even looks worse i don't recommend it.This is the biggest piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥they have given yet don't buy this don't play this and don't think about it just a whole skip it.The franchise is ♥♥♥♥ed ever since empire they have made♥♥♥♥♥♥shogun was good but badly optimised for its time and really when you think about it all factions and units where the same so how could they of ♥♥♥♥ed that up now warhammers coming out yet we can't even run attila in ultar even with 980ti WTF have you done to this game and franchise don't listen to the ♥♥♥♥en ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ youtubers that say this game is good and fixed they have either been paid or something to say this i hate this game is flawed if it run good it could be playable like rome 2 and a bit better but still the same♥♥♥♥♥♥to all the people that stick up for this game and want to waste money come and buy my♥♥♥♥♥♥you can also pre order my♥♥♥♥♥♥and even a bundle of which includes my base♥♥♥♥♥♥piss and♥♥♥♥♥♥on♥♥♥♥♥♥and♥♥♥♥♥♥on♥♥♥♥♥♥I'M TELLING you it not the same thing REALLY I SAID SO SO IT'S TRUE ALSO pre order exclusive is MY NUTTY♥♥♥♥♥♥pre order £49.99 includes base♥♥♥♥♥♥DONATE DONATE DONATE DONATE DONATE DONATE DONATE DONATE DONATE DONATE DONATE DONATE DONATE DONATE DONATE DONATE DONATE DONATEpre order bundle costs £110.99 includes my base♥♥♥♥♥♥piss and♥♥♥♥♥♥on♥♥♥♥♥♥and♥♥♥♥♥♥on♥♥♥♥♥♥and nutty♥♥♥♥♥♥DONATE DONATE DONATE DONATE DONATE DONATE DONATE DONATE DONATEMONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEYDLC sold separately 29.99 includes nutty♥♥♥♥♥♥DONATE DONATE DONATE DONATE DONATE DONATE DONATE DONATE DONATEMONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEYPLEASE GIVE ME ALL OF YOUR MONEYDONATE DONATE DONATE DONATE DONATE DONATE DONATE DONATE DONATEMONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEYif you want grammer in this you have to preorder it i could not be asked to grammarize it analyze this it's not finished but i'll release it it any way to see how it goes but not finished and if you get angry i'll  update it slowly infact whenever i want maybe nevergrammer cost £1000DONATENOWMONEYINMY BANKPAY CHECKNOWPLEASENOWMONEYMONEYMONEYMONEY
76561198041548003,Not Recommended,325610,35477999,Posted: 4 October,all,Lucky Bob,"The last total war game i will buy.Combat Ai is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, leaving generals exposed and running around rivers tiring their own troops out for no reason.Map turns take takes too long, 1 min+ or so on 70 turns +Fanboy complaint: 1 min turns isn't even taht long. eeEeeE eeeEEeeMe: Yeah, it isn't but when my turns usualy take about 10-20 secs each, it is.Fanboy: Then go google for a 1min or do something else.Me: Well, now if i wanted to do something else I wouldn't be playing Attila Total War, would I.Fanboy: Disable No Show Ai Moves, you noob.Me: I've been playing total war games since Shogun. I know how change the settings12yrFanboy: Oh, no Shogun. I wasn't even born yet. (*Autistic Screaching*) REEEEeeeEEEEEEEEEAnd that sums up  my review."
76561197983415353,Not Recommended,325610,23191629,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,SUNTZU - Claudius Aquila,Potato
76561198128422415,Not Recommended,325610,23622954,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,ridikulousness,"PLEASE TAKE THE TIME TO READOk, has a major fan of total war games of recent and of past I have to say that this is the best looking and the most in depth game in the series but is arguably the worst and I will explain. All this game is a large expansion pack for Rome 2. Now many long time total war fans such as Lion heart on Youtube (Lowkey shoutout to my boy) would say Rome 2 was one of the worst games at launch but in the end game it turned out pretty good. This was my first game I got in the series so in my mind it was automaticly put to the best and I put hundreds of hours into. I loved it so much that it made me get into PC gaming alot more. But this game is not recommendable because of the fact that it is a glorified Rome 2 knock off and it has many new dumb features that made me uninstall the game only after a few hours of play. On a sale for 20 bucks, buy it because thats all its worth but for 40 bucks or whatever it is don't buy it. Thanks for reading and im gonna go drink a pint of bleach"
76561198070762681,Not Recommended,325610,21758041,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,jsampson123,if youve played real total wars than youd know why this just isnt worth it
76561198391253043,Not Recommended,325610,32319654,Posted: 10 June,all,cgultekin14,"Doesn't work on new macs, google before u buy"
,Not Recommended,325610,28768383,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Alpha Guy 2,"This game... Just a waste of my time to install and play couple of hours. I found the campaign was terrible, however it is an old game... Short note: Your wasting your time buying, installing and playing the game. Its terrible..."
,Not Recommended,325610,21761050,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,W.T.F.AmIDoingWithMyLifeStudios,Sooooooooooooòooooooooooooøœ boring
76561198022000101,Not Recommended,325610,31618695,Posted: 7 May,all,msmith12076,"This game is lousy. If you are playing as Western Rome, even on th easy setting, the game is obscenely difficult and at the same time extremely boring.  You have so many enemies that you have little chance of digging youself out of the hole. But every enemy is better equiped and has more modern technology than you do. The battles are much the same and Sego's lousy AI means you have to fight them all to have a chance of winning.  Then I find that corruption can take up to 100% of your income from provinces. Who makes something like that in a game. Were they trying to be deliberately abusive? And cycling at the end of a turn takes two to three minutes because of how many factions are involved. Nevertheless, the graphics are great. Detail great. But gameplay leaves a lot to be desired. Same can be said of the variations. Sorry I bought the games. Last game fin the Total War series I will buy!"
76561198059242849,Not Recommended,325610,26329579,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,rpmcnee,"how are you going to win a battle if your more than ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ units give up when they are nowhere near the battle and defended by towers? the creators of this game have left the ultra-stupid moral rules intact. why would a thousand soldiers give up when they are not in danger? stupid f*ckers.instead of paying software engineers to build a smart AI, they impose an overpowered moral killer whereby all of you unit defended by towers just give up when the time is almost out and the enemy cannot possibly get to them in time. pathetic programming, ret*rds.also, why do i get bothered with 100 battles i cannot win...they make you watch stupid animations that you see 1000 times and cannot skip. game developers are getting stupider by the year. everything should be skippable...or havent these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ever played a f*cking game that they took years to develop?  you have to click 3 menus in stead of1...why?did i mention the sh*t storm that is moral? it is created by a person who i presume is now homeless. do archers matter...no. they are less than useless. why does threat assessment mean nothing? oh, right, there is no one competent at the helm of development of t his franchise. i find games like these a fair bit of retardism as i was a software engineer years ago. i would feel is personal insult to put out sh*t like these titles.the game looks nice and should be fun to play...but i give a low low review of the developers and publishers as no professional company should put out something so pathetically un-optimized as this game.i have a top notch PC and this game DOES NOT utilize the cpu (7%) or ram (1.5 GB). what takes a minute to load should take seconds with SSD drives.i try to like this game but its hard. strategy seems hours away....so why do i have to play for hours until i can do anything useful? avoid this game if you value your time in the least.many more hours in and i still agree with this review...stupid f*ckers!"
76561198156085022,Not Recommended,325610,25585107,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Tirollin,KEEPS CRASHING NEED HELP
76561198108153190,Not Recommended,325610,22981210,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,The Real McCoy,Buy Crusader Kings II.
76561198035420827,Not Recommended,325610,22809412,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Unreliable_Babysitter,Meh.
76561198038553722,Not Recommended,325610,33259510,Posted: 4 July,all,Lucian Valenz,"Bought it today.  It launched the first time alright but then, it stopped.  I have spent 2 hours trying to get it to play but it still doesn't launch.  This looks like another failed Total War  product.  Very disappointed."
76561197970524443,Recommended,325610,14813208,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,HooksGURU,"Just enough hours thus far to pass judgement.What Attilla does right:* High difficulty learning curve, even easy settings can promote an unpassable challenge* Strong unit variation in late research amoung factions* Audio and visual provides accurate steps forward as battle take place* You won't master the game in several hours; this helps with longevityWhat Attilla does wrong:* Unblanced AI makes for unrealistic difficulty climbs during the campaign scenario* Frustrating and cumbersome family and faction monitoring* No matter how commited and powerful your allies are, they are never around when you need them most* Frustrating aspects that can't be avoided make for a fast loss of all ground gained (faction rebels etc.)* The campaign is far too occupied by factions that seem to reproduce even after defeated several times* The game forces you into a nomadic position against forces that vastly outnumber your provences* Even the strongest level of units buckle under the numbers that Attilla can throw at youConclusion, purchase the game if you want the greatest challenge of the Total War franchise...but be prepared to suffer great losses."
76561198096234866,Not Recommended,325610,18093153,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Emperor Zegzula,I played the game for 3 hours and got bored of it. Just like all total war games.
76561197972039165,Not Recommended,325610,25913329,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Penny Lee,The worst TW game ever.
76561198315926059,Not Recommended,325610,27522086,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,olsuv,-
76561198026394732,Not Recommended,325610,14516055,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,twitch.tv/meuqsaco,"Rome 2 with a different skin. Bad performance on a GTX970. Just ALT+F4 after a 15 FPS battle on a GTX970, ingame recommended graphic settings. Never buying TOTAL WAR games again."
76561197980974856,Not Recommended,325610,25475689,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,leonidas480bc,Not for me
,Not Recommended,325610,33669836,Posted: 20 July,all,KrakrJck,♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥ing game
76561198008153798,Not Recommended,325610,30709930,Posted: 24 March,all,rick8204,Game blows- even in easy mode you are severly overmatched.
76561198091623623,Not Recommended,325610,21723359,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Weaponized autism,got friend?got family?now you dont
76561198047457608,Not Recommended,325610,14517006,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,KronicMeerkat,my army spontaineously combusted while defending town10/10 would combust again
76561198278610325,Not Recommended,325610,31544042,Posted: 4 May,all,Bluestride,"I am currently using a laptop to play this game it's running perfectly well. However, recently when I exited to desktop steam believes I am still running the game. This is an issue because I cannot play the game as it is ""running"" also, I can't play any of my other games...please help!"
76561198004538351,Not Recommended,325610,21807739,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Buzzerker,"this game is horrible, I hate it....nuff said"
76561198037393879,Not Recommended,325610,23741987,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Shill,RUBBISH.
,Recommended,325610,14512629,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,𝓥𝓲𝓷𝓬𝒆𝓷𝓽,10/10 Beautiful Nya
76561198038365524,Not Recommended,325610,14515237,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Samdynamite51,"BuGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG Every time you start a battle, the whole game suts down, Yay ! If it's using the same engine as Rome why did we end up with something unplayable ?"
76561198161946049,Not Recommended,325610,26685991,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Giorgos13,I am playing this game on a Macbook Pro and it is lagging like crazy.. I was so excited to play this game please help fix it
,Not Recommended,325610,34672991,Posted: 1 September,all,STRattler,"too much complicated bs to deal with as a new player, dont recommend."
,Not Recommended,325610,14556522,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,V A N I L L A,The most boring and dumbed down total war to date.
76561198090775531,Not Recommended,325610,14515210,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,swexlermorin,needs lots of inprovement like rome 2 total war same batlle amations sucks dont buy
,Not Recommended,325610,33153229,Posted: 2 July,all,Mr. Big & Tall,Buy it on a sale. Definitely not a great game...
76561198051241908,Not Recommended,325610,14512233,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Dansible,"Don't buy this game if you have an AMD machine...I have a amd fx 8350 4ghz processor, 8 ghz of kingston hyperx 2000mhz ram, and a AMD Radeon HD 7800 2ghz Graphics card... and I get 15 fps on low settings (Performance settings)Even though Rome 2 was a poorly optimised game i still got 60 fps in battles and 30 on the campaign, so far i've never got about 20 fps in even a small battle will low unit size.I recommend if you have an AMD machine not to buy this game till it gets patched."
76561198164744084,Not Recommended,325610,33193374,Posted: 3 July,all,ryansteff,biggest waste of money Total War ever released its like they did not even put any fought into this was very disapointed
,Not Recommended,325610,33189002,Posted: 3 July,all,VisionCazer,i cant even play this game in 60fps with a ryzen 1800X and a gtx 1080TI better buy Rome II than this
76561198003389120,Not Recommended,325610,14512032,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Johnny Three Fingers,"Clashes often, unable to give a real review untill a patch comes out. Could be driver related"
76561198258041879,Not Recommended,325610,29962663,Posted: 16 February,all,More,to bad:v
,Not Recommended,325610,28890069,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Hufokkin tonite,"hi Im Pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥good for puzzy this ga,me is fickihn obama = isis  OBAMA OUT!!!!!!!!!"
76561198082175118,Not Recommended,325610,14511597,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,DesertFox,i can run total war rome 2 on ultra settings with 45 fps so why can i not do the same with this game ???!!!!!i think it still need more optimizing so please work on that !!!dont ruin my favorite gaming franchise
76561198143525170,Recommended,325610,30395371,Posted: 8 March,all,yeadpead,it's good
76561198015243060,Recommended,325610,30386796,Posted: 7 March,all,yankee1895,My chief complaint is that the catapaults destroyed fortified walls almost the first volley. So if the attacking army has any it is pointless to try and man the walls.
76561198028902283,Recommended,325610,30070858,Posted: 20 February,all,LangCaster,good game that takes time to learn but is worth it.i like it better than Shogun 2.it's a must buy strategy game.
,Recommended,325610,30479213,Posted: 12 March,all,Darkstrider19,"Huge fan of the Total war series and I have to say this one is by far my favorite. Best Total war since Rome. i like the nation building aspect in this one which they seem to have put alot of thought into along with the family and power system. it all comes together nicely. my only complaint is you have to make sure it keeps working because the tech support for this game is non existant. I clocked over a 1000 hours on this game before it stopped working, might be my system though."
76561198006851889,Recommended,325610,30465811,Posted: 12 March,all,Duram,Fun.
76561198150964176,Recommended,325610,14518504,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Bosseruper,"Game is fun but DLC isnt. DLCDLCLDLDLCDLCLDCLDLCDLCLDCLDLCLDCLDCLDLCDLCLDCLDLCDLCLDCLDLCDLCDLCLDCLDLCDLCLDCLDLCDLCLDLCLDLCDLCLDLCLDC...............DLC total war, segas total war on gamming dlcdlcdldcdlcldcldlcldcld"
76561198038576462,Recommended,325610,30471327,Posted: 12 March,all,318,yaa yaa yaa buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥ya ya ya
76561198118843674,Recommended,325610,14523352,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Munchkin896,I feel like I am playing a improved version of Rome2. This is not the best they could do. I am less ashamed then rome2. This realease is better is alot better compared to rome 2. The AI is a lot better and family tress have returned. but The UI still sucks and they did not add enough to make me want to keep going think of it has what rome should have been sure the AI is bettter but it still sucks sure the UI is better but it still sucks. Ca if you want to make a good game then take the time to make this game worth it I can not recomend this UNLESS you did not buy rome then it is great but if you have rome then keep playing it.On the other hand the Huns are cool with the no city addition you are nomads that I like but that is all they added this is not worth $50Fianl verdit if you have rome: 4/10Final verdit if you dont have rome: 7/10
76561198008366721,Not Recommended,325610,15159820,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,philydevo498,Big improvement on rome 2 but it feels to me that CA took all the feed back from rome 2 about the family tree politcs etc and found a way to milk more money out of its loyal fan base. Why wasnt all of this in Rome 2. This is the game rome 2 should have been.
76561198124907102,Recommended,325610,22121976,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,FifteenSpark28,One of the best total war ever made !
,Not Recommended,325610,14525662,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,NorthEastLacrosse,"So far, the combat is really much more interesting than rome, AI seems better and the locations you fight in are a lot more interesting, only issue, (and its a big one) is that the game is very poorly optimised, I have a pretty high end pc and the game hits 45 frames on pretty low settings, tried a few tweaks but nothing much came of it, hopefully itll be patched, we'll see."
,Recommended,325610,14543704,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,MasterBETA,"So I am a huge fan of total war and have basically all the games and DLCs available. It is my favorite series and this game is great. I would not say you need this game if you have Rome although it is newer and has some new feature it is basically a paint job over Rome II. I like the new changes they made and hope the implement these changes in Medieval 3. Medieval 2 is probably my favorite TW games, but obviously Rome II and Attila are actually superior. One additional gripe about this game is that the developer now seems to try to just shove DLCs out and force you to buy it actually get a full game with all the expected factions and even BLOOD! Blood DLC is the biggest piece of crap ever. Even though it is my favorite series each installment is slowly pushing me more and more away from the publisher.Old Review -It won't even load past the splash screen."
,Recommended,325610,14905219,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Flying Panda,The game is AWESOME
76561198083248873,Recommended,325610,30532693,Posted: 15 March,all,daniel.shields,This is a very engaging and enjoyable game. I thoroughly reccomend it.
76561198036298117,Not Recommended,325610,14614490,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Mojo.91,DLC whoring once again. Its been one week and a new DLC is announced - makes 2 DLCs in less then 2 Weeks.
,Recommended,325610,18122566,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Lethal Arts,great
,Recommended,325610,17252601,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Glo Gang,It is an OK buy for Total War fans and Great game for total war fans like yours truly..Gameplay Wise.. But at the price it is at and especially since CA has us by the balls with Faction DLC I find it hard to say yes to anyone who casualy plays RTS's and wants to buy this game.
76561198044987695,Not Recommended,325610,14514870,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Hussite,"Total war Atilla. Its a decent game. BUT. Its poorly optimised and battles are very bland. I simply cannot recommmend it. But if you have a good rig (mine is ok, if you have a mediocre one dont even waste your time, get rome 2 instead.) then get this game. The campaign is absolutely great. I loved it, but WRE has  a boring campaign which you spend half your time defending a city with 4 troops against bs barbarian hordes. It gets old fast."
,Recommended,325610,14615649,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Five Speed Ash,tis a good game
76561198094233967,Not Recommended,325610,14582730,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Chuckers13,"This game is pretty bad, and you really need an amazing system to run it too."
,Not Recommended,325610,16973718,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Himmuguegeli,"This is a very good Total War title. It has everything you could wish for (except the awesome Multiplayer avatar system from Shogun 2). It´s one of the very few titles of Total War which I fully enjoyed without using any kind of Mods. But you can´t just judge a game by its content without looking at the context. This game gives very few new features compared to Shogun 2 and Rome 2 and it´s graphics are not that advanced compared to Shogun 2. There is basically a lot of recycled stuff from Rome 2 in it and the system just has a very few slightly changes. It should have been an DLC or an free content Update but not a full game with an AAA price for something which 80% of its content ripped from its prequels.If you are new to this series. Buy it, you will like it if you like this genre in total. But if not you are going to be disappointed like I am."
76561198047167048,Recommended,325610,14528799,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,b4hand,ENJOYABLE CA
76561198118709592,Recommended,325610,30561021,Posted: 16 March,all,rimy,"Easy to forget time in this well made campaign mode, Really fun strategy game compare to others."
,Recommended,325610,18408680,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Mummblerized,"Great game, plenty of mods in the community so ignore the whiney ♥♥♥♥♥es who complain about the DLC. u can get more from Steam workshop for free. as far as game play goes modding is need for some nation to take a year from 4 turns to 12 so that nation is playable but other then that, to me as some who has played thousands of hours of total war game its one of the best behind Rome II."
76561198007978796,Recommended,325610,18402925,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Kafka Rambo,"So far the best TW game, and I have played them all since the first TW:Shogun. AI is really good compared to previous, and    the game was more polished for release, than any other previous TW game."
,Recommended,325610,19542277,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Armgee,"I want so very badly to love these games. I bought Shogun way back when, Medieval, and then more recently Rome, which if you follow these games you will know was a while ago. So when I saw Attila come up for sale I thought why not. And still they leave me unsatisfied - perhaps it's because I don't invest enough time but with 17 hours in this one I'm not hooked and as a consequence probably won't take it any further. I even bought a DLC to see if that would help... it didn't. Will I buy the Warhammer game when it comes out... So would I recommend this game - kind of? I suspect it suits a certain type of individual very well unfortunately not me."
76561198065774018,Recommended,325610,19565641,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,RagnarrRedbeard,Love it!!!
76561198072723395,Recommended,325610,19463564,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,chanino,good game
76561198125881145,Recommended,325610,19461985,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,God Save Our Gracious Meme,Despite what other users have said about this game im going to give it a positive review. Although it has its flaws its still a pretty good experience and in all honesty there arnt any other games out there that can offer both the visuals and scale the total war attila has. If you are the type of person who likes to whine about DLC then this game is not for you but if you dont mind it then this is indeed the game for you.
,Recommended,325610,19564413,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Adam,"It ok, if you are a fan of total war then get it. You might want to get a diffrent total war, but it alright"
76561198066035141,Recommended,325610,19517684,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,A deplorable,"I resaitly updated to Windows 10 It worked one time and now it won't open up, At all! Plz update the Game or make it playable of us windows 10 users."
76561198020438906,Not Recommended,325610,19536533,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Imperius,"This game failed to hit the mark, just as Rome 2 failed to hit the mark. As previous reviews have suggested, everything is so balanced in game now, that combat and wars are a chore. They aren't fun. What is worse, is the DLC reskin packs they offer. The fans have always made better quality skins for and units for this game than the developers could ever hope to do.Further compounding this games lack of substance, the territorial system is the same bad idea from Rome 2. Lets have 3 cities to an entire region, with 1 a provincial capital and only that city can have walls. It's a cookie cutter setup to just take the $$ out of your wallet.The age of charlemagne looked promising until I saw the map. It's basically just a map that's 2/3 of what the western roman empire was. Huge disappointment. No Norsemen? Only Denmark? The map stops at the eastern portion of croatia and pannonia. No Eastern Empire, No north Africa. Very disappointing. Don't waste your money here. Wait for Total War: Warhammer which promises to be a great game."
76561198008789262,Recommended,325610,19589618,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,stinsoniii,"I'm using a Windows 10 PC and I keep getting the message ""Failed to execute (app already running)  It's been a few days now so I hope the Steam folks are working on it.  I checked it out on my Brother's PC and it seems to be an excellent game!I hope it gets fixed so I can try ""Age of Charlemagne"" soon."
76561198061826186,Recommended,325610,19540729,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Jewlz,Its a good game just make sure to grab mods to fill out your faction rosters.
,Recommended,325610,19543375,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,eggs dee,"Awesome game love playing as either Roman Empire looking at Legio/Palatina/Herculani Seniores because sick armour and helmetsPros:- If not playing as Huns, then hard to beat, if playing, everyone hates you, good challenge- Once again lots of factions though perhaps more could be added to start?- Huge map like before- AI slightly smarter, uses cavalry to flank and attack archers (annoying)- horde feature far better than RTW:BI- Saxons (viking units) also look sick- units can have up to 150+ morale!!!- WRE have separate units to ERE, reflects historical infoCons:- Like i said, AI only slightly smarter, still charges into my elite archers with spearmen- DLC IS♥♥♥♥♥♥ why do we have to pay extra for a few factions?- roman empire always dies before i get the chance to destroy it with Huns or Alans or even Visigothsoverall one of the best games ive played9/10 would raze Rome again"
,Recommended,325610,19773863,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,ikandsr,"One of the greatest Total Wars yet! Definitely a worthy purchase, including the dlcs ive had a remarkable amount of fun playing this game."
,Recommended,325610,19748871,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,ProtonNeutron,I would reccomend because I won't lie.. I fracking love the total war games.My only criticism is that there are so many DLCs (nothing new to CA) and they aren't cheap.3rd campaign of AoC and bugs has corrupted my saves.
76561198082467763,Not Recommended,325610,20360646,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Clock Work,"Rome 2 has less dynamic progression, but feels like strategy and units actually matter; Attila is a mob battle that more often then not HAS to be played through Auto-Battles if you want any sort of chance at winning. You can outnumber them 3 to 1 and still lose almost half your men if you choose to play it out yourself; and even if you succeed, the opposing factions will generate massive armies at a significantly faster rate then you and quickly retaliate. The General advancement is significantly better and instead of normal faction groups in terms of political parties; you have your own family tree with an indepth development and more entertaining decisions. HOWEVER, it feels like the overview/political/tactical advancements were meant to replace the ACTUAL combat; making a Total War game that is fun to play as long as you DO NOT play out any battles yourself because it becomes massively detrimental to even fight overwhelmingly easy battles. The factions are nice and obviosuly Total War is still making a money grab for DLC that should already be included, most of them are unique in some regards like the Celts who can deploy almost anywhere during any battle; unfortunately you can't take advantage of it due to the risk of having your men wiped out even if the odds are favorable towards you."
76561197995359270,Recommended,325610,20360861,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,JDecunha,One of the greatest in the series.
76561198007552468,Not Recommended,325610,20378331,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,clintglidewell2000,"I have been a fan of the Total War games since Shogun was pixellated green samurai chasing each other around.   I've probably played and loved these games more than almost any other computer game I've ever played.  Up until Rome came out, my faith in this company was unshaken.  However, the complete disappointment of Rome and the ongoing struggle of keeping Attila playable are definitely moving me away.Guys, rule number one is don't break stuff when you release the new stuff.  Isn't that software design 101?  Yet time after time, we have to deal with problems caused by patches and new releases that aren't even addressed openly by the game publisher, let alone dealt with in a prompt manner for the customer.  Creative, there is one thing you can't afford to have, and that's contempt for your customers.The DLC money grab is just the name of the game now, but Total War's examples of this are pretty egregious.  And although this is a personal preference rather than a criticism of the games themselves....Warhammer?  Are you kidding me?  From the company who's been bringing out the all-around best long-term historical simulations for so long?  I can only imagine the DLC for that one...Elf tanks and Orc blimps!Oh, how the mighty have fallen.  Guys, you need quality control and you need it fast.  You need to do a smidgen of market research that could suggest you may be alienating the historical simulation core customer with your decision to throw your effort (such as it is) into Dwarf cannons and such nonsense.I'm going to think very carefully about purchasing any of these games in the future.  It's like your favorite Chinese restaurant got put under new managment and things have begun to suck.  Sad."
76561198034895393,Recommended,325610,20390778,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,W00K1EEEE,"""I have an agreement with this game, so where is the wine?"""
76561198056943100,Recommended,325610,20372663,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,acidko,i am enjoying this game! nice piece of work.
,Recommended,325610,20374539,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Good Whisky,"This game doesn't deserve the ""mixed reviews"" it's getting. I have played all the total war games and fing myself returning to this one very often due to the extensive gameplay features they have in the game. Those complaining about family tree and political system don't understand it and deserve the hassel that brings. The game adds these elements to bring depth and new challenges which I believe it does, since so many people are complaining about it. Mod's have fix the broken aspects of the game so if this is you first total war game I suggest you start with Medieval or Medieval 2 to get the feel of what this game is about. It's not starcraft, or civ, or like any game for that matter. You must manage an empire or a horde if that's your style, with that comes responsibility and reprocussions for every decision. EXAMPLEI was playing as the saxon's who are pagen in nature, I start out by taking out all the other pagen tribes within a few years, being that they are also pagen, the people don't object to my rule for long.  Next comes rome, a christian empire with many gods that the people worship. Now here's where the game gest tough. I take over some roman settlements and the people are furious (with good reason) our religions are completely differen! This causes alot of trouble for some gamers in that they just want to kill and dominate with out taking this into account. The settlement revolts and you starts to lose gold investing in settlement reconsruction and shrine building because when you take over a settlement that is a different religion you must replace their technology with your which can be expenisve and time consuming. You can help this transition with priest, they will help indoctrinate the population to your ways. All while this is happening your comanders have been campaingning succesfully and gain popularity within the population which undermines the kings rule, this can't stand and you must take politcal action againt these generals or outside families. This is where the negative reviews come in because that's usually when you start to get frustrated and quit. So if you want a game where you can unrealisticly conqer europe, this isn't your game. If you want a challenge that will not only test your wit and mind but your paitents as well, this is your game. The reward is so so good that it will have you saying ""just one more turn"" everytime. 10/10"
76561198046485563,Recommended,325610,14588328,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,WeWereNords,"This game is pretty good.. it's pretty fun.. don't try to play multiplayer combat. believe it or not, the best way i can describe multiplayer in modern total war games is call of duty-ish. It's jsut arcady now instead of focusing on realism.Still a good game and single player can keep you occupied for a while.only reason i hit positive was because i DID have fun playing this game. The devs are shady, combat has gotten worse, and campaign AI is really stupid. total war feels like an arcade game now rather than a balanced RTS.The game itself is pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥, the trick, is to download mods from the modding community that still remembers the good ol days. then the game becomes fun again."
76561198120540123,Not Recommended,325610,15052556,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Nitrous,"I love total war, and this game is decent. My battles always take longer because i like to weaken the enemy by damaging the city first. Basically the ability to really damage settlements and affect the defender is amazing... for a little while, then it just takes forever to attack a city because you have to create siege engines instead of attacking the doors to the city right away. The idea of hordes is interesting and realistic, but they grow too slow, and losing an army would basically mean losing a whole city.The rosters could be a bit larger. I also simply just don't like how the game feels and looks."
76561198054608543,Recommended,325610,30675046,Posted: 22 March,all,trigerhappy25,amazing game may have its flaws but worth it
,Recommended,325610,20333271,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Dagdorval,Age of Charlemagne made this title awesome for me.
76561198008766139,Not Recommended,325610,20328130,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Templar,"No I dont recommend it because this game is still crashing suddently even months after release, like Shogun fall of the samurai, crashing every 15min, still today, years after release on a powerful clean computer (and every other games run smoothly).Iam tired of those Total war games that they sell in little pieces and so bored of crashes and bugs and stupid AI, they use to be great games.Its sad to say that CA and Sega obiously dont give a damn about fixing there games. They re just rushing every year to make a new TW with plenty of DLC while its finally all the same buggy unoptimize historical pudding with different skins.AND THEY MAKE US PAY A FEE FOR BLOOD ! I thought the name of the game was TOTAL WAR !?A bloodless war if you dont throw more money away !"
76561198060717656,Recommended,325610,20328329,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Blair,"Extremely good game, I like the improved game system. Although reestablishing settlements or convert romans are way too expensive,"
76561197987065549,Not Recommended,325610,20314743,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,"Dindu Nuffins, The Black Hobbit","Really wanted to like this game, but unfortunately it falls flat on its face. The map is so big it crumbles on itself, army and navy movement is laughably small, broken sanitation system punishes anyone but the Romans, and the never-ending DLC is just a poor practice. Huns are fun to play as if you can stomach the horde encampment system, which makes map movement even slower. Stick to Rome II with mods, its a much better game than this unbalanced mess."
76561198058275073,Recommended,325610,20315540,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,GRUB HUBBARD,This is a decent Total War game.Fight me.
,Recommended,325610,20265277,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,tnick771,Best iteration of the game since Shogun II.  Charlemagne is one of the best strategy games I've ever experienced as well. Well worth the pickup and is a promising signal for CA's direction after a poorly executed Rome II Saga.
76561198027056345,Recommended,325610,20301955,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,przemek.matuszewicz,"It's basicly RTW: Barbarian Invasion meets Rome II. Everybody who liked Barbarian Invasion, horde mechanics and struggling for survival, will like Attila."
76561198084417683,Recommended,325610,20237324,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,jeff147,It was just as I expected. If you don't like the fact that you have to buy the new DLC then don't. There is enough in this game for its price to keep you entertained without any DLC.
,Recommended,325610,20264481,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,thivaz,Best Total War since Medieval 2: Kingdoms.
76561198116429155,Recommended,325610,20045814,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Zulu0100,"Just got this game and I could already tell you i think it's way better than rome 2. Even though I've only played 3 hours, i can  already tell that the in game politics have great affect on the way you will play your campaign. The sanitation is a big improvement from rome 2 and brings a more of a challenge to the campaign. The calvary has better charges and are faster than in rome 2. Overall, if you liked rome 2 you'll probably enjoy this game to."
76561198175193709,Recommended,325610,20396406,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,KatyKisses,It has a big and interesting campaign map with diverse and hard factions.
,Recommended,325610,19395594,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Absolutelynobytes,"A couple of done points before I hit the positives.1) Why has the confederacy been removed, what is I want to create a united faction, that was a cool feature.2) A few little diplomacy tweaks could be made to refine the interaction with the AI.3) through is some better Unit models please all a bit same ol same ol.Positives1) Battles are fun2) Campaign map is cleaner than say Rome, Medievel etc (as it should be)3) You arent out the game if you lose your last town merely a nomadic faction so go kick someone out of there town and rebuild.Overall 8/10"
,Recommended,325610,19395734,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,The Mouse,"Here is my opinion on this game. I like the realism but it lacks. I like the having no ARMY without a general since no ARMY can really command itself with a role of leadership but their should be allowed generals that are not in the family. They need a promotion method so units who show valor get promoted to a general status. The units are lacking which does suck but it is not terribleThis game would have been a good dlc for rome 2. i still prefer medevil 2 and shogun 2 over this game. If you do get this game Mod the game. Mods make it so much better. And yes the developers shouldn't have to add mods but hey what can you do. CA just isn't the same anymore, with Sega taking the franchise. But I have enjoyed it so far. It is a fun game but if u want unit variety just Mod the game and if u  have issues with that you shouldn't Mod the game then quite your complaining since it won't change anything except be annoying"
76561198028105245,Recommended,325610,19395832,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,bird shogunate,great game got a lot of fun out of mutiplayer
,Recommended,325610,19428143,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,fdsdh1,"Overall a good game, this is my first total war game since Napoleon and a lot has changed, most of it for the better!there is  a TL:DR at the endCampaignThe campaign is much more in depth and I appreciate the extra complexity in faction and unit management. Now you can control your court and help maintain the balance of power, it is not as complicated as other games but in TW I don't think this matters too much. I really like the food supply and the trading. I like the diplomacy more, now in negotiations you can see why they either like or dislike you, and you can manipulate this to your advantage, but sometimes it can be a bit random.You can recruit generals, which is a really nice feature, I remember in other total war games the chronic general shortage. You can appoint Governors who are province wide and are not the same as Generals, no more ai auto-manage. I also like the Province system, settlements are organised into provinces, all settlements in a province can be controlled from one screen simultaneously, settlements in a province share things like food, public order and recruitment.Public order is much better. It is on a scale from +100/-100. When it hits -100 you have a rebellion. Much more predictable and controllable than with previous public order which often seemed completely random. There are other features too like corruption which I like.Armies crossing the sea, a nice feature now it that armies can cross the sea without having to faff about building and moving a navy to a certain position, you just right click and your army goes in boats by themselves. HOWEVER it does feel this feature is overused, for some factions it does seem a bit stupid. For Saxons, Danes, Jutes.. i.e. raiders I guess it makes sense, but for WRE... not so much.Raiding settlements, at least there are a lot of game mechanics for it. However as there are only 3 settlements (or so) per province, and no minor villages to raid a settlement you basically need an army, and once you have an army you may as well conquer the place. This feature could have been nice if they'd thrown a few fishing villages and things in, like the farms or towns in Napoleon, but there aren't any, so raiding is a bit pointless. Because of this Britain falls within the first 3 turns... so no more raiding :( .Religious differences now have much less effect on the campaign than in Barbarian Invasion, I am a bit lukewarm about this change. It does make it a bit too easy just to steamroll whole regions and not really incur many religious/cultural penalties. I remember in Barbarian Invasion I thought it would be fun to see what converting your religion was on turn 1 would do, constant rebellion, uprisings and circa 2 million denari (thank goodness for cheats) later and I had gone from Pagan to Christian. But now if your Germanic Pagans conquer Latin Christians, there don't seem to really be any penalties, this is further made♥♥♥♥♥♥easy by Stonehenge which limits religious problems by 20%.They have gone for the newer historiography when it comes to fall of Rome, and gone for corruption/food shortage/migratory crisis narrative, I like this change and it is well represented in game.Compared to the 'original' (Rome: Barbarian Invasion) I think it is an overall improvement. Much more in depth, much more historically accurate (in the way the campaign mechanics work, food, 'invasion' more migration than war). The campaign is much more interesting and engaging  (although this may be because I have decided to fight every battle on map to prevent full stack armies being defeated by 1/4 stack enemies...)Battles(Campaign)The battles are quite good, however there are some unit collission issues still, when a mass of infantry is engaged you do sort of end up with a soup, shield walls do not actually form shield walls (they have gaps), and they fight 1v1, so a lone enemy in yourformationsoup could still take ages to die. The controls are like any of TW game. General skills are nice, however they are a bit tanky verging on OP.Pikemen are completely OP, hmm I see you have a top level legionary unit... well I have tier 1 pikemen so f*** you.The auto-resolve feature can sometimes be completely stupid, I wouldn't really recommend using it unless the odds are at least 75% in your favour, or crazy things can happen.AtmosphereThe music and visuals of this game are very good, many times it does feel bleak which is very appropriate. They seem to have upped their game on the music front too, it is now much more atmospheric, you can really imagine your Empire is crumbline around you, or that you are a newly established kingdom trying to assert its dominance in a turbulent world. The original Rome had the best music, but I feel that this soundtrack for this game was the best choice.Factions, wait what factions?Its all DLC, its utterly ridiculous. They literally ripped at least 1/2 of the factions out the game to sell back at you, and this isn't a cheap game, although I got it on sale, I am not paying for them, I am not getting them, I recommend you have the same attitude or they'll keep doing this s**t.The factions which there are, are quite good, there does seem to be more diversity when compared to previous titles, however there are not many unique buildings, structures or units inside of a cultural group between factions. Some units such as giving barbarians Roman style ships is a really dumb move, don't remove the diversity we have!Do you remember Rome 1, where every time you defeated a faction you could play as it. Or if you wanted to cheat you could move a faction to the playable section in the game files ;) . Or like in Medieval 2 where you'd play as the Pope for lols by using the same method. Well now you have to pay, and it sucks.The only DLC I am considering getting is Charlemagne, because it has a whole new campaign, factions ect. (you know, like an actual DLC should be).I would also like a 'Saxon Shore' DLC, because the raiding and invasion of Britain  is not really well represented, within about 3 turns you can own all of it... It would be nice to have a tight focussed campaign.Glitches/Crashes/Technical IssuesI have encounted only one crash so far, apart from that it has been plain sailing.game can be a bit resource demanding, I would have liked a simplified campaign map.ConclusionI would recommend buying, however it is important to acknowledge the game has flaws, however they are not nearly as bad as the problems other titles had and still have in some cases (Empire, Rome II). Everything seems pretty decent so7/10.Don't buy DLC unless it is a full expansion, in fact demand expansions you are consumers, they want your wallet . Show your displeasure at the Culture Pack BS DLC stripped units by not buying them.. at all.. ever (or at least until they are discounted). Show them you only give them money for quality content outside of the main game (like the upcoming Charlemagne DLC)"
76561198067132958,Not Recommended,325610,19427298,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Imperialgamer,"As a long time fan of the Total War game series I cannot reccomend this game. It is a disappointment on so many level and has not recieved nearly the support from developers it deserves.In short:If you're a big total war fan, try at your own risk when its on sale.If you're new to the series, get Rome 2 instead."
76561198012015040,Recommended,325610,19471581,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Selinasuka,Any total war game just hits me on the g spot and nothing can replace it.
76561198177873039,Recommended,325610,19504284,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,SierraNevada,"Before I begin, I'd just like to mention that I play on a Mac. I don't know if the problems I'm experiencing are unique to Mac users, or if it affects everybody playing this game.I'd reccomend this game because it's an interesting era, a step up from Rome: II, and offers interesting mechanics like hordes and migration. After the disaster (at launch, at least) that Rome: II was, this game opened me back up to the Total War franchise, even if it does feel kinda like an expansion for Rome II. Basically, this game is Rome II with its♥♥♥♥♥♥together.It returns features like the family tree, dynamic skill and tech trees, and a more dynamic political system, while keeping successful features from Rome II like Army Traditions. All in all, if you're thinking about getting Rome II, get this game instead. It's cheaper, set in a similar time period, and has all the features that makes Total War great that Rome didn't have.HOWEVER... If you play on a Mac, get Rome II. Sorry. When played on a Mac, the game ♥♥♥♥ing freezes 5 minutes into a battle, and randomly during the campaign map. I don't know how or even if this issue can be fixed, but it makes gameplay IMMENSLY frustrating.8/10."
76561198081187646,Recommended,325610,19510190,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Standard Ginge,Have played about 100 hours of this game now and have found myself unable to tear myself away from a campaign when i start and thats exactly what i look for in a long-term RTS game and i believe here in Total War: ATTILA Creative Assembly have made a wonderful game with maybe only the Diplomacy side and multiplayer letting the game down but apart from that it is well worth the money.
,Recommended,325610,19396841,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,FlyinDoom[OFC],Fun but a big pain int he butt to play. THe Huns are very hard to fight because of all of the horse archers. Dear lord so many horses. Love setting the forests on fire and burning the other army alive. THe campaign map is redone and addef family trees. So it looks like the Devs are reading what we write. So if you want get the game while its on sale and also the DLC's make the game a lot more fun.
,Recommended,325610,19630798,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,williamjoo722,Ok except for dlc and the fact that you can't separate archers from you main army to skirmish with the enemy first to weaken them before the main battle and the fact that ai has no limits that you have and the roman empires can field multiple stacks to fight each enemy.
,Recommended,325610,19632529,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Voyager,"Coming from playing Medieval 2 Total War for a long time i was skeptical, but this is really a fun game, and it is probably the closest i will ever get to mediveal times again with these awesome graphics and the big world and nice looking UI, so untill ME3 comes out this is def worth the time playing this game! :)"
,Recommended,325610,19659244,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,nuklearshlit,"Atilla is an overall fun game. Takes time getting used to pillaging and not immidiately building an empire, once you get it though, you will be making the Huns look like girl scouts. Not worth it at full price if you have any of the newer ones, but if you can catch it at a discount, it is more then worth it."
76561198092686258,Recommended,325610,19658537,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Garrison,10/10 can play in britain
76561198042884702,Recommended,325610,19591419,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Strider,"I don't usually review games, but Attila is a game that I really enjoy and is also a game that has garnered a lot of hate from the Total War community, so I thought I'd give my thoughts on it. This review doesn't deal all that much with the gameplay aspects, although I will touch on that, but is more a defense of the game in general.Firstly, I'm pretty new to Total War. Shogun II was my first Total War, but I kind of just dicked around in it for awhile and never actually learned much. Attila was the first Total War I really sunk my teeth into, and has since become one of my favorite games. The only reason I include this is to let the readers know that I don't have a long relationship with the Total War franchise and this was pretty much the first one I really spent time playing.Attila is not without its flaws, I'll admit that. However I think people are harder on it than need be. A lot of the negative reviews don't even address the gameplay, they are simply some half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥protest of DLC. I don't like DLC either, but I don't see it as being that bad in this game. There are quite a few factions to play without the DLC and there is a fair amount of variety between the given factions. Too quickly players forget that Medieval 2 only had like four playable factions. Attila has four European horde factions alone.Coming to the gameplay, I have really enjoyed my time in Attila. It's a solid game with a breadth of fantastic strategy features. The family tree, building management, tech tree, and military strategy all come together to create a complex and entertaining experience. The battles are a ton of fun and the seiges can be epic as all hell. I think it's definitely worth checking out of you're a fan of strategy, especially with the Age of Charlemagne expansion coming up just around the corner."
76561198062963517,Recommended,325610,19640320,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,DisgracedDragon,This game is fun for those that want to have quick pased battles.
76561198119639819,Recommended,325610,19638485,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,The Naked Warrior,"I have played this game for many months now and I think that it is great, worth its price, however like many Total war games it is surrounded by DLCs. If you overlook this on the other hand you will see an brilliant game, that at times will make you jump with joy as you men cut down your foes with powerful strokes of sword and spear. Truely worth a play, it is a shame that it is getting so much hate, Attila was so much better than Rome 2 on release with way less bugs, and with the new expansion pack of Age of Charlemagne you will be playing Attila for many hours.Trust me, I have..."
76561198024155094,Recommended,325610,19639026,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,rob1465,What can I say love it love the Total war game & have all the games  ...They have been all good worth getting ...So to WAR we go ;-) ENJOY THIS GAME \
76561198169312417,Recommended,325610,18285927,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,92crw1701,I can play it again !!
76561197971633052,Recommended,325610,19611405,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,neverwinter,A good strategy game with great depth and gameplay
76561198085599132,Recommended,325610,19633825,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,go.ham8,"In my opinion this is the best game in the total war series. It is very historically accurate and alot can be learned just by playing if you enjoy that kind of thing. There is also no better simulation of what its like to command a real army in the field. The battles along with the campaign experience offer as close to a complete feel for what its like to be in charge of an emerging empire as can be achieved at this time in my opinion. Love The look, love the time period, love the game. Another great from the total war series."
76561198007131773,Recommended,325610,19637127,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,bankrobber,Die hard total war fan since the first Shogun. To me Rome is still a sloppy mess. LOVE THIS GAME! Almost didnt get it. Thank god i did!!!!!
76561198045080429,Not Recommended,325610,14516728,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Laralth,"ok, they made improvement from rome 2, and all looks great for now, but this game crashed 5 times in 3 hours of gameplay..."
76561198003061371,Recommended,325610,19943382,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Lenny,"If you only buy one total war game, then I would suggest Shogun 2, as I consider it a perfect game.As for Attila, it´s more of a survial strategy game. You will guide your chosen faction through one of the most perilous times in european history, and wether your faction are a band of landless drifters or a grand and ancient empire, the odds WILL be stacked against you.PROS:* Pretty graphics, of course*The world is incredibly vast, encompassing the brittish isles, scandinavia, europe, russia, down to african coast, and the middle east. and I have´nt even seen it all. Starting at one side of the world, there is no chance you will reach the other side in one game.*Nice and useful diplomatic system. You can forge alliances and broker peace using an arsenal of tools. Slaughtering or freeing your captives, offering gold, negotiating political marriage, supporting or betraying allies, all afffects your standing with various factions. A strong coalition can be just as strong as a single vast empire, but beware, no alliance lasts forever. Make sure you will be the one to come out on top. :)*Combat is nice, though Shogun 2 might be slightly better. It may just be because I like Japanese units more. Managing exhaustion and morale is important to get the most out of your soldiers. Letting a unit rest for a moment will greatly increase their effectiveness.*Your experience will vary greatly depending on what faction you pick.CONS:*Lots of tiny DLC:s. Not a problem for me, since I love the franchise and do´nt mind sending a little tip their way. Lots of bad blood in the community because of it though.*It´s never gonna be fair. The game is about fighting for your life, and to achieve that effect, the game will cheat. You will ask yourself where all those soldiers are comming from. If you have a problem with that, Shogun 2 is your game.Thats it really. I like it. I´ve played over 100 hours and will probably play some more."
76561198107074735,Recommended,325610,19970406,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Jarltalksalot,Great game nothing like takeing rome and crying as  you lose it
76561198030945660,Not Recommended,325610,19890787,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Kondenado,"After playing 76 hours, i am sorry to say that i did not enjoyed the game. The reason is that the game is poorly balanced, so, after few rounds and few battles you can make a large army (20 units). This actually leads to a situation in which how you move your army on the “strategy map” became much more critical than other aspects and, actually, the chances of finding a balanced and enjoyable battle are neglible. In either, few words, after few turns you find a small army that you can easily beat, or two armies, against you can do absolutely nothing.In my cases, in different games, I have played three -four “moderately fun” battles at the beginning of the game (*), and after that in the next 40 turns I could not find any decent battle.(*) Furthermore, at the beginning of the game you do not have good troops, so, the “tactics” that you could expect in a battle, is almost disappeared.As I said, the main problem of this game is that it is based on the combination of two levels “the campaign map” and the “battle map”. However, the balance between those two levels has not been found neither on this game neither in previous ones, and the chances of enjoying a battle on the “battle map” decreases dramatically with increased playing time. This is actually a critical issue, since destroys the whole gameplay.I would also complain against the “quest” system (on the DLC), and the diversity of troops, but really does not deserve to speak about this with the previous issue.As a final remark, I would really suggest the people to try Total war: Warhammer before playing, since if this issue continues probably will not deserve to be played."
76561198139098612,Recommended,325610,14533994,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Borat_Sagdiyev,good
,Recommended,325610,20033015,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Bend the knee usurper.,One of the best total war games ever made!
,Recommended,325610,20044875,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Runs With Spoons,"A very enjoyable total war game, an upgrade from Rome 2 imo.Pros- Horde encampent mode is incredibly fun and the most interesting mechanic that CA has added in some time.- There's tons of unit variance, and the infantry rosters of most factions are nifty, from axe units, to spears, to pikes, to swords, with more discernable differences than in Rome 2.- The razing of settlements and watching the snow crawl further and further south with each passing winter is amazing.- Celts and Vikings :DCons- Probably my biggest gripe, with the introduction of squalor when in conjunction with unhappiness and food consumption, the game's province building system is starting to feel far more punishing than fun. Mods are highly recommended to soften the blow.- Viking and Longbeards DLC suffer from Rome 2's DLC faults, barely adding in any unique units that aren't already in the game.- The AI still wears its pants on its head.- Enemies clear on the otherside of the map will almost always refuse peace unless your personally go over there and beat the tar out of them."
76561198079984024,Recommended,325610,20043630,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,B.R.Y.C.E.,♥♥♥♥ the Haters. This game is just as good as any other Total War out there.
76561198196995838,Recommended,325610,20048700,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,the total war kid aka twk,Great game and works your mind
,Recommended,325610,19893973,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Valgarr,"Many people dislike the game and say it's one of the worst games Creative Assembly has ever released, one of the reason being is that's a bit similar to Rome II Total War.But I kind of disagree, as it has very improved machanics and has been greatly stabilised and the game machanics have greatly improved.The Game also looks amazin, even though the game has a major problem with its FPS difference from the Rome II Total War, making the game almost unplayable, but I believe with future updates this problem will be fixed as they work on itI enjoy Attila Total War becuase it offeres something in the Medieval Era which Medieval Total War could offer, and someting I enjoy, and that's Viking raids, Costal Landing and Port assault, as a big Viking fan I've always hoped for a game like Attila Total War. Even though the Norse faction are part of DLC, which I don't mind buying, except the blood & burning DLC which I think should have been implemented into the game since Shogun II Total War.If you're looking for a game which you'de like to use to recreat the early Dark Medeival ages with Vikings, and developing Kingdoms, well this is the game for you, and if you would like to beginn as a Kingdom, well you gotta buy the Charlamange DLC. :D"
76561198046255253,Recommended,325610,19892415,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,--{-ZEVA- Nicator,"I was at first sceptical about the new TW Game since Rome 2 was such a disappointment, but this game is a finished game and almost bug free.The factions are fairly different with easy to extremly difficult challenges. I recommend you get the Empire of Sands DLC it offers 3 really great new factions, especially the Tanukhids are one of the MOST interesting campaign I've ever had in any TW game."
76561197996404741,Recommended,325610,18376410,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Nyarl Q Thotep,"At this time, I have not downloaded the extra dlc that is required to make this game a fun playing experience which is too bad because I really paid a fair amount of money for when it was released. It's just hard to work up the enthusiasm to purcase more stuff for a lackluster release.(added)So, being a fan of good faith, I have purchased dlc in hopes of reaching a game that I enjoy. This has been the case. Charlemagne was what brought the enjoyment of the game back to be because it reached the point where one can choose a fairly large accumulated diversity of starting positions which I greatly apreceate as a player. This is what has made the game enjoyable for me as a player. I'm changing my recomendation and I have noted my caveat.The rts is really where the game shines."
,Recommended,325610,19816126,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,2Pac-Man,"If you're an avid Total War fan then ROME 2 and ATTILA incorporate quite a few things that take getting used to. Both games use a new engine with a few new game mechanics. For example, instead of each territory having a capital city the map is divided up into regions where three territories make up one region. Each territory has a customizable city and is still indiviually conquerable. But each region has a main captial and governs the other cities in the region. Controlling all three cities in one region grants you a bonus. Politics have been fine tuned also. Characters can now have political or military careers, each having their own talent trees. Politicians have to level up to be appointed to certain offices. Where military characters can specialize in infantry, missile, or calvary. As well as each armor has a talent tree as well. Governors can be appointed to govern regions and issue edicts, all of which effects the regions stats. A very complex and well done game. A good challenege but not insanely difficult. Even the most seasoned Total War players will enjoy this game, once you learn the new mechanics of course...10/10 rating"
76561198016474608,Recommended,325610,19815369,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Warlord,"This is just one of the best games of the total war saga! a real relief for the failure that Rome II was, Attila has everything that was missing at Rome II, its very good , very exciting and challegind to play!"
76561198010305691,Recommended,325610,19834142,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Nelson Mandela,Total War: Attila is a great game that makes major improvements to the AI and gameplay from Total war Rome 2. However... The DLC culture packages are overly expensive and should have been included in the core game. The DLC campaign packages are well worth the $15 price as they add alot of content and many more hours of gameplay. Shout out to Radious for making mods that take this game from being a 6/10 to a 9/10.
76561198140449911,Recommended,325610,19811206,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Momo,Very fun to play. Time consuming but that is all Total war games. :D7/10 would buy a total war game again.
76561198198010793,Not Recommended,325610,19940873,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Icelos,"Bought this game for my macbook pro 13' 2015 as it said it would workBUT BEWARE !!!! IT DOES NOT !!i have never managed to actually start a campaign or even a custom battle, i went on the forums to see if there was anything i could do, and the answer is no, the problem has been know for 7 months at least and no fix has been donedon't do the same mistake i did don't buy this game"
76561198036267196,Recommended,325610,19997417,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,joao.cunha.95,Damm Good!!
76561198086556421,Recommended,325610,14521718,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Yumi Ferrari,"Basically this game is the polished version of Rome2 with some new features and beautiful graphics.My concerns where at first that they are using the old Rome2 engine which had its problems, but I guess after these almost 2 years they have improved majorly.If you like the TW-series than I think you will enjoy this one at least if not more than Rome2.I liked it very much and put my con and pro down here:Good-	Great graphics-	Marriage between fractions-	AI – bringing now more “I” into AI-	Destruction of provinces-	Marines are now more superior to infantry-	More environmental advantages/disadvantagesBad-	Celtic fractions are roman?-	To rebuild a provinces is very expensive and nearly impossible as a small fraction-	It feels sometimes like a super big DLC to Rome2-	Boats still perform their mobility badly-	And once again we must wait and pay extra to play some other fractions"
76561197986982165,Recommended,325610,14521776,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,GainTrain.HyperFlex,Pros -Greatly improved campaign mechanicsLonger more strategic battlesHorde factionsNew fire mechanicAI improvement in general (especially siege battles)Simplified unit cardsFamily Trees returnImproved navel BattlesCons -Occational unit pathing issues in citiesSome clipping issues in terrain with grassI'm assuming most of you reading this have played empire total war and are famliar with that story. Its basically the same thing that napoleon total war did for empire which was fix a good game and make it a great one. Atilla is a game that CA definietly got right on the first try without any patchs having to come in. So far i've had no issues except with pathing my units in cities ( which is super ♥♥♥♥ing annoying and has ♥♥♥♥ed me over more than a few times ) and some clipping with units in grassy maps which doesn't really effect anything gameplay wise.Anyway lets talk about the important things that Atilla has to offer that Rome II didn't. FIrst and formost the new flame mechanic is really fun and adds a whole new layer to the game. No more piking up entrances to cities or camping in a single spot as the flames from siege equipment will burn buildings and areas in the city forcing units to move. Another new mechanic horde mode is pretty fun if your a migratory faction but it's also pretty scary because your armys and cities move as one so if you lose an army you lose a whole city as well.Additionally Atilla makes the real time battles a lot more interesting as cheap units don't just fall over or shatter instantly. This makes battles last much longer and gives you more time to flank around or shore up battle lines. Even better is that units will now come back from routing if you manage to stablize your lines further increasing the battle time and stratagy involved.FInally is Atilla worth $45? I'd definetly say yes to that question. Its a great total war game to get into if you havn't played one yet or if your a returning player. It comes with a ton of improvements to Rome II and any of the small issues that it has now such as the ones I mentioned will surely be fixed quickly in one of CA's patchs.** P.S. Update your drivers **
,Recommended,325610,14521858,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Commander Adams Springwar,"A very entertaining game, a new sight to see in the series of Total War. There is a lot of fear mongering and pitch fork fighting going on across the boards about how this game is a reskin, how this game should have been rome, how day one pre order dlc should not exist. The reality is this game is well put together. Rome is old now and doesnt feel or resemble this game or vice versa. The dlc preorder concept have been well established many years ago. This certainly isn't a reskin ROME had terrible textures and charcter details. So Yes if you didn't preorder and you waited the storm. You have to purchase this game's dlc at the standalone price or wait, end of the story. Don't complain, play."
76561198048964911,Recommended,325610,14521923,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,perseus123,Can finally burn down entire provinces: 10/10 would burn them down again
,Recommended,325610,14522008,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,ads.mcv,"Great game!I've played 5.3 hours of the Jutes on the first day or release. It was a little glitchy at the start but once I'd sorted out the graphic settings it runs fine.I've not even expanded that much yet, just been messing with all the new features and some good battles! I'm also  finding co-ordinatiing attacks and invasions with allies a lot more responsive and worthwhile.I know some friends who are having issues with crashing in the campaign and the prologue, only major difference between PCs is that mine has a 64bit OS, that probably makes a massive difference thanks to the huge amount of content and other things going on at each point in the campaign.Overall I'd give it 9/10, so far... which is pretty good for the first day!"
76561198066085153,Recommended,325610,14522095,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,elitevalkyria,"Very Good, despite the occsional CTD, I like the talent tree, its better then Rome II and I like the new nomad system.This game need a little upgrade on its unit selection part of Battle mode.over all its very enjoyable"
76561197974436784,Recommended,325610,14522154,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,GinxHD,This game works amazing for me!Huge inprovement from rome 2Wonderful game  10/10
76561198006824335,Recommended,325610,14522174,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Lo Pan,"Eastern Roman Empire on Legendary.End of Turn 2 Visigoths sacked Constantinople.10/10 would get sacked again.In all fairness though, this game is proper good. A huge step up from Rome 2, nice and stable, excellent horde mechanics, reworked battles and a new morale system - this is definitely a winner!"
,Recommended,325610,14522194,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Redalive,Best game I've ever played. So many choices and so many different scenarios! :)
76561198040437347,Recommended,325610,14522237,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,ernesto_perdomo2000,"the only thing that i complain is the lack of blood and gore, which we all know we will have to buy in sometime, but everything else is great"
76561198049434568,Recommended,325610,14522530,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,timmy8700,"This game is not perfect but it is definitly amazing.  If you are a person who demands perfect framerates and graphics then go away, but if you're someone who loves the total war series and for that matter any strategy game will love the mechanics of this game."
76561198165399299,Recommended,325610,14522175,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,nfunes,"day 1: Excellent! , now we need the Blood & Gore DLC"
76561198025964857,Recommended,325610,14522702,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Anarchist_waffle,A great improvement over Rome. 8/8 m8
76561198076479952,Recommended,325610,14523094,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,|TM|CLUBs37,Better then Rome 2 on its release thats for sure. Solid game...wheres my blood at though....of course probably be a DLC.
76561198129973089,Recommended,325610,14523188,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Gladitor,"I hvae mixed feelings so far.  Units seem to get killed off and break extremely fast.  Combat animation is somewhat lacking.  Towers are god-weapons for cities, able to shoot halfway across a town with an extremely high RoF. (I lost 500 soldiers in 1 seige, 450 were due to towers).That said, there is no real 'overpowered' faction, like there was in Rome II (Rome).  I've been testing armies against each other, all die equally as fast.  The fire idea is nice.   Family tree is fun, if not a little complicated.  Slow campaign start for most factions.  Definitely alot of new aspects with the introduction of the horde/migration system.  AI is actually smart for once.  And it runs well, even on my crappy computer.While it could use a few patches, its still a solid game--and since this is a first releaase, its very promising.  I recommend it."
76561198007550948,Recommended,325610,14523579,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,ma1987ck,top of it class in the Total War games
76561198017516677,Recommended,325610,14523821,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Maddog,Best total war game yet
76561198045781898,Recommended,325610,14524143,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,kebinu777,"Total War: ATTILA has the potential to be a good addition to the Total War series. However, the game mechanics just don't work as well as Total War: Rome II does. They also removed a couple key things like, easy unit duplication for custom battles and the ability togo first person into each individual unit and experience the battle from their perspective. Hopefully mods and game fixes will turn this into the game it was supposed to be. 7/10"
76561198171525891,Recommended,325610,14524206,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Karondo,"So cool, much better than TW Rome 2"
,Recommended,325610,14532499,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Arixodia,"Everything you weren't expecting following Rome 2.Great new UI, political system is revamped with the return of the family tree, the game looks beautiful and plays well (only crashed once in 4 hours of continuous play, Version 1.0), interesting new factions with cut scenes and generally tons of new features.Would highly recommend, CA is back on form."
,Recommended,325610,14577481,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,TheRevolution,"Really enjoying this Total war! I've played since the very first game, I was worried by the end of Rome 2 that this was the beginning of the end for Total war games as i knew it!First thing, The map like Rome 2 is very large which I was not keen on but it compliments this style of strategy with migration etc, I still liked the shogun 2 or Rome 1/MTW2 map where you can see roads getting built. The detail in the map can be too much but that is just my opinion.Secondly Rome 2 for me felt dubbed down and no feeling to it, It just didn't grip me like other total wars, But this game has. The music to the game is absolutely amazing and gave me the feeling like Rome 1, You get a sense of feeling of the era which is really important!Battle -  AI has took a serious improvement, I.e I was getting a frontal attack by melee infantry and my skirmishers began         firing.. The enemy infantry acted instantly to this by using  loose formation, Then just at the point of charge impact it went back to tight formation. I noticed how the AI reacts to cavalry too, I blocked an entrance of my town square with spear units, i used my cavalry to flank while getting attacked. The AI used sword infantry to attack my front line then took spears infantry to block the flank against my horse unit, very clever as i couldn't attack his rear!Campaign - You really need to choose your path in migration very thoughtfully, I have been wiped out a few times now!The Western Empire is really challenging and good fun, I am really enjoying it. One point of note though that i have noticed, If you are at war with a far away faction.. they will persue you!!! The entire length of the map!!! lol So I think this is a bug as the Caldonians brought an army all the way to Roma, which isn't realistic! Patch maybe needed for that.Politics - Now this is something i couldn't be arsed with, but how wrong was I.. I love the political family tree, wish these were brought into Rome 2 as it is fantastic and polished.All in all.. A really good game. I am finding people are just complaining to complain about something.. Which is becoming a trend. If you are complaining about this game then you are quite honestly being over fussy and should go play Battlefields or COD ;)8/10"
76561198090407986,Recommended,325610,14577512,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,General of Rome,"Well, it looks like they did try to make a good game this time. And it worked. It is a good game, though i still enjoy rome 1 and medieval 2 more. The map looks like the one from rome 2, but there have been improvements. They re-introdused the building-conversion, where you need to convert buildings to your own culture. The family tree is back, and you can now upgrate generals, armies, and agents.The battles do have some little issues, like the one where i once lost my whole army because the instandly all fled away when my king died..... there is a lot of things wrong with the morale in this game. The towers in the towns are overpowered: they kill a lot of men, make sure you capture them quickly.You can now loot and destroy cities. If you destroy the city, everything is gone. if that happens an other faction can settle in that region, if they have the money to do so. It is very expensive to rebuild a region.there probebly is a lot more to tell, but after 15.3 hours this is what i think that is important to tell to everyone who maybe wants to buy this game: it's a good game if you like rome 2, if not it still isn't bad, but the older games are less expensive, so if this would be your first total war game, then go and buy rome 1 or medieval 2: the graphics are worse, but the game is better, and a lot more fun to play.rating: 6.5/10 because it improved from rome 2, and already was a decent game at release date."
76561198016946831,Recommended,325610,14577669,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Gjelpera,Been a Fan of total war since the first Shogun: Total War in 2000.  Can't wait to play this seriers. Thank you CA for making a great seriers!
76561198033922758,Recommended,325610,14578824,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,SneakyDude,"I do love the graphics, the sound, the troop icons, the tech tree's and i think this will be a good addition to my collections of Total War games. I have all but 1 the very first shogun. (hard to find)So i do give it a thumbs up for now, will post more when i put a ton of time into it."
76561198046026162,Recommended,325610,14556013,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Starset,10/10
,Recommended,325610,14560335,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,StrictAdam,"Having played every total war installment since the original rome back in the day I've set my bar pretty high for CA. However since Rome 2's buggy launch and lackluster performance I went into this installment a little skeptical. That being said in the couple hours I've played into it I am enjoying myself immensly in the new raiding and sieging mechanics with the barbarian tribes. But... I know also from my Rome 2 experience that CA is leaving out a lot of ""content"" that they will later charge in DLC installments (cough.. see vikings below). This has been getting a little ridiculous as of late and I hope that they just give us some of the basics this time around especially ones like ""Blood and Gore"" comon CA its a barbarian based game and you left out the blood animations?!? (Fire mechanics team through in this installment gets a gold star, fantastic city burning animations!) We know they have the tech from Rome 2 which just adds so much more immersion to the game (if your rig can handle this thing cranked up its gorgeous) so why is it not there? Maybe a T rating but still, its Atilla... So in summary good purchase, very low bugs so far if almost none, very happy with it, but dreading the DLC spendoff that will inevitably follow that will like Rome 2 bring it up to a 9-10 level for me. For those of you who just got Rome 2 modded just right I would recommend waiting this guy out untill it's a bundle or a sale as like me your probably going to be sad on the lack of a lot of core stuff they've added into Rome 2 and what our fantastic modding community also brought on board."
76561198118990821,Recommended,325610,14560660,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,yonderer,"First off I would like to address all the people that are ♥♥♥♥♥ing about total wars marketing. If you dont like that they are trying to make money just like every other business out there you are naive. If you have a problem spending money or pre purchasing for extra content just like every other game title, please shut up and dont buy the game. As to Attila itself the game is awesome. One of its major strenghts is that it brings depth to the campaign that previous titles did not have. The release was also very smooth, unlike its predecessor. Well heres to a bloody campaign and the end of the civilized world. Happy gaming."
,Recommended,325610,14561589,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Whiskey,"All of the features that have made Total War games great are back in Attila, with a bunch more that really add a lot of depth to the gameplay. Almost 20 hours in as of this writing and I have yet to experience a crash or bug of any kind, a flawless launch.This is so much more than just a reskin of Rome 2, folks!"
76561198137702041,Recommended,325610,14561832,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,LEGENDARYstevo,Truly a great rts and tbs! leaps and bounds over rome 2! Well done ca!
76561197983039129,Recommended,325610,14563434,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,MadRhetoric,"I've put almost 30 hours into this game so far and I have to say it is everything I love about Rome II with more improvements added to make it even better. As is the case with most CA games, this one was released a bit rough around the edges but expect that to be fixed over time with patching. The core gameplay is golden, however, and I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoyed Rome II"
76561198081465695,Recommended,325610,14563640,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,zenorthgerman,Great game love it
76561198015027208,Recommended,325610,14563894,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,vinegarstrokes,This is what Total War: Rome II should have been.
,Recommended,325610,14564488,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Dayjo,As of right now  the game crashes and will not even make it to the title screen.. its not an issue of if i can run it I have been playing for the past few days .. I was going to play today but now its crashing before i had alot of fun when the game is fixed it will be great.... is anyone else having this issue
76561198024049516,Recommended,325610,14565720,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,PKJASONKENNA,When i bought and played this total war i was very skeptical and nervous. I think they are going in the right direction i hope they patch and bring more features. 7/10 maybe 8. If your a total war fanantic get this total war. TIER UNITS FTW
76561198156229292,Recommended,325610,14566091,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,zaczook0727,I love this game!I just hope that a few tweaks will happen such as a little lag after turns and whenever you get notifications. Also not being able to use units that your research upgraded like nordic warriors.
76561198007273451,Recommended,325610,14566946,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Matthew,"Have they found fix for 12 files not validated. I have a Gforce GTX 760, i7 prosessor, and gigabyte motherboard. I uninstalled game reinstalled game twice. I updated all drivers, windows 7 upto date, downloaded realtek driver R2.75 all with no luck in getting past logo screen. Help."
76561198011860972,Recommended,325610,14566953,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,StormtrooperSSG,Needs a Blood pack.
76561198037408550,Recommended,325610,14567513,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,THE_WILLSTER_117,keeps crashin and i dont know why the annoying thing is is that i played it a couple days ago
76561197982913901,Recommended,325610,14517715,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,.:.Gavino79!,"an improvement over rome 2 but not as good as Shogun 2, best bet is to pick it up during a sale"
,Recommended,325610,14534345,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,_xXx_НЕ_ЧУВСТВУЮ_xXx_,"Edit:Def better than rome 2 for me! really fleshed out.Dont like the culture pack, ill say.But many new features and quite adicting. Im gonna have to give it an 8.5/10 or so."
76561197966492061,Recommended,325610,14572523,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Caterpillar2000.tip,"I thought it was really good and a fun experience while playing, could not get off computer when i first got it lol. definetly worth while and worth buying. 10/10. Better than Rome 2."
76561198007540092,Recommended,325610,14572748,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Ser Wickersham Tally-ho of Ford,Awesome recovery from the wreck that was Rome 2!
,Recommended,325610,14572815,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Emjay,"Not too dissimilar to Rome 2 that you can just jump in and play yet adds mechanics like razing provinces and migration (only for some factions I think) that make you wonder how it was never in Rome 2 or any other Total War game.This title sees the return to in depth family tree and all the trickery you can expect from it.The only bad point potentially is that there are quite a lot of lines of dialogue that has been reused from Rome 2. This is however a standalone expansion (at least how I see it) and therefore its not that big a deal (plus its still relevant to the period, so why not?)The only thing this game hasn't got that Rome 2 has is content which will come in time.I would score it an easy 8/10"
76561198059637432,Recommended,325610,14572964,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,YBTHEKING,"This is simply one of the best games on the market - Go buy it NOW! :)It works very good from day one, much better launch than Rome II :) It is a bit hard on every system out there, but can easily be run smoothly, if you are realistic when you adjust your grafic settings. There has not been a new Catalyst driver since v14.12, so based on that ""old"" driver, the game runs fine, but will look forward for it to be a little more optimized and a new Catalyst driver from AMD!I did read some bad AMD reviews, but i have not had any lack at all and i have a lot of ""Max Quality"" settings, but also some on ""Performance"". I do have several effect´s on and a little AA + Ultra Army size and so on.Buy the Viking expansion that is cool ;) I am from Denmark (Jutland) and it is SO great being Vikings, i have always wanted to try playing with my ancestors and they are fantastic created. I think the hole game is fantastic made and it works great also.I have only been playing the singleplayer Grand Campaign, so my recommendation is only based on this!I give it 9/10 right out of the box, that is one fantastic well done job from Creative Assembly - SEGA...;)My System:AMD FX9370 4,4GhzGigabyte Windforce R9 280X 3GB16GB Corsair Vengence 1866Mhz500GB Samsund Evo SSD"
76561198056694561,Recommended,325610,14575119,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,MadnessFreddy,"Get this game, theres no more satisfying feeling than making a empire and watch others crumble."
,Recommended,325610,14575263,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Muffdog,I was positively surprised. Can't be arsed to write a thorough review though.
,Recommended,325610,14575402,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,lilmik552,"Overall this is a solid game. When you compare it to the Rome 2 release it definitely stepped up to the plate. TW introduced some new features that are pretty nice and a change of pace. Like migration (hordes), having edicts with only one city compare to Rome 2 where you had to have a whole region, family tree is AWESOME, adding enemy units to replenish your armies after a battle, etc.My favorite feature would definitely have to be the family tree. Its nice to actually have significance to your generals and faction. Politics in my opinion is nice... no more (or as much) random generals trying to kill yours. Some events that happen within the family is quite humerous. Like a general who has a wife yet keeps having ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ children because he likes sleeping with anyone but his wife, etc.Not too many problems I noticed on my PC (which is a pretty good gaming computer). Although some of my own personal problems or complaints rather is that the Huns are waaaay OP. Like insanely good and it enrages me. I've played three campaigns already because I keep getting in situations where I lose my King and heir... at that point it'd rather quit. Playing as hordes to me sounded extremely fun...but I've played them in two of my campaigns and it definitely isn't easy. If you play as a horde faction...prepare to run...A LOT. Ever now and then the game will act like it froze right before it becomes my turn again but usually after 30 secs er so it continues. Other than that, as of now, I have no bad beef with this game. Pretty solid and a lot of fun for new players and vets a like."
,Recommended,325610,14574968,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Brostradamus,This game is one giant apology for Rome 2 at launch. 10/10
,Recommended,325610,14576628,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Dembones,"Waiting about 2 month for this game until it launched, and this is my most favourite in total war series"
76561198069688143,Recommended,325610,14587778,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Pink Power Ranger,Great game!
76561198060849705,Recommended,325610,14588381,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Choolak,Rome 2 was good in my opinion. This one is even better. Enjoying it so far.
,Recommended,325610,14588454,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Torix,"Great game, totally makes up for the disaster that was Total War:Rome 2. Battle's are much more intense and faster paced in my opinion.Also The AI is way smarter as well. One con is that the Cav is quite a bit overpowered at the moment."
76561198129083738,Recommended,325610,14589221,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Cover01,just really fun game!
76561198017741246,Recommended,325610,14589285,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,oMelette_4u,"All I have to say is WOW!!! Pay it, download it, play it!!!!"
76561198069229222,Recommended,325610,14589315,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,NightofLight,love this game once you get use to the different mechanics its better then any of the other total war games and its really addicting
76561198006900585,Recommended,325610,14590391,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,drob803648,Intricate in areas neglected before - for Total War system fans this is pretty much as advertised: more in depth military morale and dynastic intricacies being the first that come to the fore to intermix with the historical era that sees demise and near-extinction of western civilization.
,Recommended,325610,14554827,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,m3lon,"If you like RTS, TBS, or any kind of strategy game, i highly reccommend this game. It is an improvement upon Rome 2 in every way and is one of the best strategy games i have ever played. It is immensely satisfying to win epic battles and watch your kingdom grow. 9/10"
76561198022515459,Recommended,325610,14555410,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Dying like Krillin,"Pretty good so far i have 11 hours logged at the time of this review and this game just feels like a much more polished verison of Rome 2, and thats a good thing, though so far my biggest qualm with the game is the lack of army variety, there is really only a couple distinct army types, the romans (east and west), the Syranids, the huns, and then all the rest of the barbarian or vikings all pretty much have the exact same roster."
76561197967147714,Recommended,325610,14590626,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Radiant Specter,"Almost 40 hours of gameplay and not encouted a single game bug as of yet a huge improvement on Rome 2, be careful though the AI means business!"
76561197970557050,Recommended,325610,14590884,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,The_Saint,Made me moist!
,Recommended,325610,14590965,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,fredmnsr,"Compared to Rome 2's launch Attila is much better when it comes to optimization and unit balancing,the melee cavalry in general could use a nerf but its never game breaking so its not of very high priority.The game has very few bugs with none of them being game breaking neither.Ultimately its a very fun game with a lot cool scenarios so i definitely recommend it."
76561198083761418,Recommended,325610,14594421,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,InvictusKO,"A huge improvement over Total War: Rome 2. This game is not a reskin, it feels completely different than its' predecessor. Everything seems to come together just right to create the games mood, and the graphics so far seem far less washed out than Rome 2's."
76561198079511754,Recommended,325610,14571030,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Benito_Mussolini,"If you try to play this game with an AMD graphic card, youre going to have a bad time...."
76561198069511259,Recommended,325610,14571144,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,BabyCakes,"Its a lot better then rome 2, personal opinion. Family tree is very impressive. Cant wait for morale mod. Hate when units run, fight to the death.-The thing i most hate, how can you make a game like this and not have any blood what so ever. Are you kidding me. Now i have to wait a few months so they can release blood and gore dlc for 5.00. damn it.Other than that, Much more of a gaming experiance with this Total War."
76561198036854609,Recommended,325610,14571161,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Posh Raccoon,"Best Total War, ever."
76561198035870192,Recommended,325610,14571423,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,[TICO]Luis,"Simply put: The best CA Total War game I´ve played, and I´ve played Rome - Rome 2 - Medieval 2 TW - Shogun all three games.Best gameplay, legendary is real freaking hard like it´s supposed to be, good optimization (+FPS), good AI mechanics, immersion features and roleplay while you plunder, units will be demoralized if you don´t play really strategically, etc.You really feel navy battles, fighting in a burning town and then razing it to the ground is addictive. Unit rosters are huge and varied now. Siege units are not overpowered anymore, and a tier 3 or 4 unit army is really expensive, diplomatic interaction and AI is really good now, many variables.You really raised up the bar this time CA, the game is all-around better than it´s predecesors, can´t wait for the DLC.I can´t stop playing this game people!!!"
76561198026494809,Recommended,325610,14571503,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,mircrypt,Aside from the surprising lack of unit flexibility and limited siege weapons (really? between the rise to the decline of the roman imperium engineers forgot how to build anything but onagers?) Attila is a solid addition to the Total War library. Modifications to the battle scenarios make cities slightly more dynamic as battlespaces - not much mind you but towers at entry points at least give a little bit of value to doing more than hunkering down or playing at ambushes. Hopefully DLC or mods are developed down the road to provide a greater breadth of unit types but for now it's well worth a play through.
76561197995058421,Recommended,325610,14571557,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Krozzy,"epic. A lot of depth and confusion at first on the campaign. Squaler vs Sanatation, Influence vs control, army integrity, family tree, province happiness, character loyalty, religion, etc.The battles are hard fought, with moral playing a huge part. As units lose moral they fight less effectively.Skirmishers (javelins) do HUGE damage with low ammunition.Overall I love the game so far and highly recommend it."
76561198022653654,Recommended,325610,14571992,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,AppleFoul,Should have renamed to Rome total war II patch #175410/10 get rekt by barbarians again
76561198025851477,Recommended,325610,14521058,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Jureonable,"First impressions+ Sieges are great, I like the civilians and the fact that most buildings are destructable and the fire is dynamic+ More complex strategic map+ Family trees are back+ Bows are relevant again+ 420 raze it- The ugly brown filter in every map- Day 1 DLC- Looks same as Rome 2 but is a lot heavier to run"
76561198065015030,Recommended,325610,14521377,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Officer Nasty 69,Yess i liked Rome 2 but it had a rough launch this is amazing it runs better than rome 2 on higher settings! well optimized for the 32 bit pc and looks great fire mechanic is beautiful ive played 1 hour and am amazed at how much better this launch was than rome i havent even discovered campaign yet but all in all Creative Assembly.... you done well.
76561198033902649,Recommended,325610,14521509,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,GRAUX,"A very decent total war game.My first impressions:The negative point would be that most units kinda look the same on the battlefield, and running the game has obiously become more difficult with older computers.The real postive stuff is the new campaign wich is different to all other total wars. It's really focused on razing, looting, burning your way through Europe. The emphasis on war and destruction is definitely omnipresent and that's great.I'm currently having a campaign with the crumbling Western Roman Empire and keeping it together, even in normal difficulty, proves to be quiete challeging.Shortly said: Having a great time!"
76561197998435808,Recommended,325610,14632606,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,economicBanana,"This game is what Rome 2 should have been. Warning tho, money grabbing DLC's are incoming. Better wait for a defenitive/complete/game of the year edition or a sale."
,Recommended,325610,14632994,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Explosivity,It seem's like Creative Assembly have listened to the comments made by fans of Rome 2 and Attila is a definite improvement. The Family tree is back and seems like it's been inspired by Crusader Kings II; so look forward to your sons trying to assasinate you and your daughters eloping with that Random candidate you hate.
,Recommended,325610,14633693,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,GreekLegion,Its what RomeII should have been!
76561198036158227,Recommended,325610,14634022,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Stakeout666,"This game is the most fun total war game ive ever played; it's even better than Shogun 2! It provides a challenging gaming experiance with an epic new culture, the migrant factions, as well as loads of unique units and the option to DESTROY provinces. There is nothing more fun than turning the Roman Empire into scorched earth :)"
,Recommended,325610,14600029,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Pallokala,"Great game, buy it!My first game as Saxons 4010AD, very hard difficulty:-Half of the cities on campaign map are razed :D-Just had 6 years full of civil wars, rebellions, bankrupts and diseases.-two of my generals tried to assasinate my king - assasinated them back :D-My faction heir is married and has 5 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sons and 0 with hes wife...-Whole Britain declared war on me, so im in war with 6 factions at the moment.All hail the High King Gewis! 10/10"
,Recommended,325610,14526678,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,bigcheeseuk,What Rome 2 shoulda been. An adult total war not for 12 year old console kids.
,Recommended,325610,14603345,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Drez,Well done!
76561198094087693,Recommended,325610,14604122,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,JaechtBahamutKing,"Needs optimization for some people (me included) but is a solid improvement upon Rome 2 from which many fans found was lacking in areas this game improves. Family tree? Its here and is very fun to engage with. Better siege AI? Definately. Knoched up difficulty? Its certainly here and I recommend this game but be warned, make sure your graphics driver is up-to date to help avoid performance issues."
76561197990237926,Recommended,325610,14537167,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,runningtargetzombiebait,"Update: 2/22/15tl;dr: 80%, minor gripes, solid entry.Having upped my playtime from 13 to 54 hrs, I'm finding Attila more enjoyable. Most of my original gripes still hold, but I'm finding Attila to be closer to the solid entries in the Total War series (Med II & Shogun II) than the broken ones (Empire & Rome II).Original: Unit upkeep is unbalanced, you'll spend more time managing bread than armies, and you can have solid control of three developed regions and still be fielding armies half the size of an AI opponent with a single city. Occasional freezes on the campaign map on new turns.Total Winter: Attila [the Harbinger of Climate Change]"
76561198073064402,Recommended,325610,14605331,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,lonemouse,WAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYY BETTER THEN ROME!!!!!!!!!!!  ( Was Rome even a game )
76561198070075906,Recommended,325610,14523953,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Scalpotron5000,"Awsome game. Runs great on my outdated graphics card (GTX560) on ""medium"". No crazy bugs like Rome2 had on its launch.Bit pricey for an expansion, but hey it's not like they charged 60euros for a 2 year old game amirite!One comment on the factions though, are we supposed to believe the western roman empire did not have archers in AD 400?? Common they have it hard enough with the rebellions :)Anyway, I bought it because I knew I wouldn't be able to wait until it was on sale, but if you wait until it's 25euro you'll get the best price/content ratio imo.Edit:so after 20+ hours, this game is still awsome! But it's made for playing as one of the smaller factions, the big factions (roman, sassanid..) just frustrate, as the jutes though this game kicks♥♥♥♥♥I have shaped the evolution of Britain and France just by raiding and sacking the powers that be. Going for a raid of Italy now, catch you on the flipside!"
,Recommended,325610,14605794,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,GuyBanks,"This game is challenging, but very fun. As someone who hasn't played a TW since Empire - a lot has changed in the series. So far, I've experienced two game crashes - which is really a pain and hope it gets patched soon because it's obviously irritating to play for an hour and then a crash occurs out of nowhere on the campaign map (of all places)..."
,Recommended,325610,14606375,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Frielock,This is the game Rome 2 should have been+Nomads are actually nomadic+Can raze settlements+Naval battles are somewhat better+Family tree is back (and has value)+Sieges work much better+Release state of game isn't terrible-Still has some bugs (mostly in MP campaign-DLC policy is going to be the same
76561198020359574,Recommended,325610,14608153,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Brokentoy324,"Amazing Game if you are a total war fan.Love the updated features, migration is awesome but difficult to master. As is the new politics system. At first i thought having total politcal power would be best but I was so wrong. Definitely should have played the prologue tutorials but had to get into the grand campaign.The combat is much faster and way more fun. I actually want to go in to most of the battles and duke it out with my foes. The movement and flexibility of the units allows for a much more fun and strategic feeling to the game.I love the new empire development system with its focus on multiple aspects including sanitation and seige war. It hasn't changed a whole lot but the minor changes definitely add to the game.I do wish there were more factions to play as but im sure they will come in future dlc with new scenarios."
76561198097970663,Recommended,325610,14608246,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,large kilogram,"AMAZING GAME :). It has so many improvements from Rome 2 like hordes or the improved family tree, though it can be a little hard on lower end computer systems it is very much worth the 45 dollars"
76561198039440360,Recommended,325610,14608491,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,peaks1990,"So its like Rome 2 but actually a challange. Took me three games to get to a stage where I didn't feel like a complete failure and even now I'm sitting on a knife edge wondering if I have the happiness to move my army out of my city to conqour more cities of if I should try and fund a new army that I can'rt afford.Also, them Huns are brutal."
76561198142766300,Recommended,325610,14660109,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Eljay,"The Western Roman Empire will fall. Half of Europe will be in ruins. And only then the Horsemen of the Apocalypse will ride.In my opinion this has been the best Total War game so far. Campaign is interesting and different factions have variation. Will you fight for your mere survival as the falling Empire? Will you raze and pillage your way to a new home as a migrating horde? Will you build a new empire on the ruins of the once so magnificent Rome?Not only is Rome falling and the Huns coming, but the climate is changing. All of the world will feel the effects of the dimming sun and the expanding infertility might force you to relocate before your people starves.And don't forget to keep your family and aspiring and ambitious statesmen in check.Sadly, as much as I like this game, it and it's publishers have their faults. Day 1 DLC, Week 2 DLC. Imbalanced unit rosters. As you discover the arts of war and gain access to better units, you can no longer recruit the worse. Instead they are replaced and this leads late game armies being very costly and takes away from the army management as you can't have a cheap infantry line with flanking elites.Besides the celtic units are already coded in the game, but locked. I'm a bit insulted that I have to buy access to existing features. Here's for hoping that they had to do it because release was rushed and there will be free DLC that adds them to the game.TL;DR It's a good game but the customers are going to be milked with DLC."
76561197981833657,Recommended,325610,14663759,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Queen Mightus,"TL:DR - 9/10, everything Rome II wished it was, but not perfect (close though)So I've dabbled. I'll start by saying I was disappointed in Rome II, and I'm a little upset that ATTILA feels like the 'completed' game, where Rome II felt like a scaffold that was released WAY too early. Rome became bearable only with patches and (in my opinion), some mods. ATTILA: Total War feels like the final product.It's beautiful, both in the campaign and battle modes, and the interface feels appropriate whereas in Rome it really felt lack-luster. The game handles pretty well, and I am loving the fluidity of unit movements in combat- it's much MUCH smoother than in older engines.Honestly I've been waiting for Medieval III, and even though it's titled ATTILA, I feel that this is the game I've been waiting for. It's not without it's problems, but none of those problems are game-breaking... for me atleast. I think this is a game worthy of the Total War genre I remember. I would recommend it to anyone who enjoyed ANY Total War game."
,Recommended,325610,14664251,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,RatGod,Very interesting campain maps with better visual upgrade for the landmarks.
,Recommended,325610,14664363,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Laurence,Huge improvement over the dissapointment of Total War Rome II.
76561198009895081,Recommended,325610,14641573,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Zuph,"This a very good game and the best total war game to date. The family tree is back and better than ever. Also, the horde mode is a worthwhile new feature and gives options to the player. The battles are also much improved with adding waypoints by holding shift, burning effects on the defenders morale, and much improved battle artificial intelligence. If you like total war games, I couldn't imagine that it wouldn't be worth it to pick this one up at some point. If you are tempted by total war games, but you have no experience with them. This would be a good one to try. However, you must try easier difficulties at firtst because although this is the best total war game, it is also the hardest. It can be frustrating to watch the computer player burn a settlement to the ground that is indispensible to your progress. However, it can be equally rewarding to take revenge and torch their capital city. Additionally, the system specifications are a little conservative, if you have a low end system, you might want to wait for an upgrade. This game requires quite a bit of horsepower, and the developer admitted that the the highest graphics settings are for computer equipment that doesn't even exist yet."
76561198121584436,Recommended,325610,14641939,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,teg07c,Game as ERE or WRE is really good. CA really listened to fan base. Sure DLC policy is kind of BS but I dont really know if I will purchase DLC cuz Game is not really fun as barbarians cuz WRE or ERE fall too quickly. Took me like 6 trys before I was able to make it past turn 25 as ERE.Faction leader and family tree inclusion really help immersion.
,Not Recommended,325610,14517295,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,=3SFG= Wolfxe,"Changed to negative due to the DLC, week 1 dlc? This is bad....maybe day 1 for the pre-orders but week 1-2 as well...."
76561198045056912,Recommended,325610,14666923,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Might Of The Gods,"I understand i only have 35 minutes playtime with this game but i feel i have enough reason to post a review.First up from the go seems just like rome a little bit updated few new features hell yeah im buying it its Total War series. Had them since Shogun 1. So im 35 odd minutes in the game played with a few settings etc etc. Gone on to the prologue first battle right lets do this, yes fended them off, ohhh no second attack not a worry aaaaand thennnn a wild BLUE SCREEN OF DEATH appears. uses blue wizardry magic, Its supper effective. ONE hour later i manage to start pc up again, EVEN after all this i'd still recommend ATTILA reminds me of the good ol rome 1 days of the Barbarian Invasion.10/10 Would blue screen again.(no..no..i really wouldn't)(still 10/10)"
76561198080483288,Recommended,325610,14668121,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Rekt!!,"i dont know what is wrong with this game. Whenever, I click fiction button to enter family tree, the screen goes black n can't even close the game. Need to start computer again."
76561198050950688,Recommended,325610,14671459,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Hellscreamed,"Dont settle down, stay migrations. For settling down brings famine and bankruptcy. LOLS. anyway this game is Fun and have alot of improvement.. Just that I cant figure out why would i settle down in a settlement when going a horde is so much more rich. and can hardly be attacked..Seriously, settling down should have a huge advantage in Food and Income, but a horde u can make many many food buildings and income buildings in 1 particular Camp.... while settlement have building limits. some 4 some 6 but every horde camp has OMG much limits. and it is harder to manage the public order in city rather than horde camps. for all the settlement building eat too much of your public order. Still.. Income for settlement sucks ball."
76561197994515821,Recommended,325610,14580088,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Kingh,All the refined mechanics from Rome 2's Emperor Edition. More demanding than Rome 2 in terms of hardware specs. Very much worth it! Roman campaigns are much more challenging.
76561198249663486,Recommended,325610,30500799,Posted: 13 March,all,DarkPenguin1010,"Good Game, well balanced but the engine is bad and the 1v1 is so wierd unlike shogun 2. Other than that, it is worth the money"
76561198105759594,Recommended,325610,14580817,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,jerreeee,"With over 300 hours of gameplay on Rome II, a game I generally like, I can confidently say that Attila is a vast improvement. The campaign is far immersive with the return of the family tree, and interfamily politics actually seem to have an understandable purpose now. The campaign AI is *greatly* improved compared to its predecessor, so no more ""Peace: Total War"" or pointless suicide attacks here. In fact, the AI has a preference for multi-stack assaults on any isolated forces you may have, so even an elite stack can get torn apart if you're not careful. Attila's grand campaign has been the first one I've outright been destroyed in since the original Rome (If you're a horde, don't underestimate the Roman Empires)! Battle AI remains comparable to or slightly bettter than EE R2's, but new battlefield dynamics and more competent sieging make battles more enjoyable in my opinion. Also, due to the new siege escalation system, gate torching is much, much rarer.While there are some glaring issues, the omission of Celtic, Slavic, and Berber rosters, that's almost certainly going to change with future DLCs. As it stands today, Attila is more immersive, challenging, and overall enjoyable than Rome II, I would definitely recommend this game to both newcomers and veterans of the Total War series.To provide a comparison, I would give R2 a 7.5/10 and Attila an 8.5/10, with the greatest improvements being in immersiveness of the campaign and overall challenge (which is the point, in my opinion) of gameplay. When Celts, Slavs, and Berber factions finally get fleshed out, I'm confident this game will be worthy of 9/10"
,Recommended,325610,14580847,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Grumpy Arab,Lets get down to businessTo defeat The Huns
76561197971964488,Recommended,325610,14583659,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,[HdF] Almut Grete,"Finaly a nice Total war again.Rome was good but not realy what an older fan of the series was expecting, Shogun 2 was lacking a bit (the later DLC was great) and Rome 2 was just awfull. This feels right, because its like Shogun 2 with its DLCs and some influences from Rome.Only sad thing: The A.I. is still not better than in Shogun 2 and will perish fast in the battles, not able to handle sieges or do anything usefull on the tactical map that makes the game a challenge.DLC-policies suck and will continue to suck on with this one, but nothing else was expected. If you hate this, do not buy!I will go with ""yes"" for this being the best Total war in 12 years."
76561198099836105,Recommended,325610,14584173,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Bear,"This game is great, even for a beginner to total war and a beginner to strategy games in general(still took me about 22 hours to get the games mechanics and to be able to defeat even the smallest army on easy mode)started prologue took over olbia and the other stood outside gates of the first city and some army completely took over the other two towns and i lost the game(within 20 turns, and that was the PROLOGUE....ON EASY)ok on  a more serious note, the game really is great to play, a little hard to run even with a mid to upper range of computer but im talking about the gameplay not the spec requirements. ok the graphics are great even on lowest resolution and on max performance (btw, if your having fps issues, get razer game booster, put on max performance and put on lowest resolution.10/10 would die within 20 turns to a tiny army on easy mode in prologue"
,Recommended,325610,14584228,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,AcuteChronic,solid as all the other total wars. Not much has changed but there are UI improvements and of course the faction changes.
76561198063804025,Recommended,325610,14586609,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,StepDadHulkHogan,Tight.
76561198036488211,Recommended,325610,14599572,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Motorhead,"The best of all the total war games, it has added alot of the old systems which all the old total war players loved, politics and character systems, also having a certain character commanding an army makes a big difference since all the characters in total war attila are uniqe. For example having an egotistical moron commanding your army lowers the moral and overall efficency of the army. Having a badass and intelligent character leading your army raises the moral, improves their charging abilities and makes them legendary after a couple of battles putting fear into the enemies that this army faces.This game is totally badass and awesome, it is my favorite total war game since it is so freaking realistic and badass compared to the other total war games. I rate it 677 hunnic horsemen out of 700 hunnic horsemen"
,Recommended,325610,14594839,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Het,If you liked Rome 2 you will like this even more and if you ddint like Rome 2 but this game when it has a discount
76561198028851494,Recommended,325610,14584862,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,N.I.G.G.E.R.Faggot,Borgia approval
,Recommended,325610,14553561,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Webbie,"At 1st i didn't want to buy this game just the fact that i believed that this should of been a DLC. But i was WRONG, there's so much about this title that im really impressed with. They finally got this game right, the way Rome 2 should of been, In all honesty i never had any issues with Rome 2 from start.  Awesome graphics, Map looks beautiful, I am not regretting on buying this at all"
,Recommended,325610,14522282,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Ragen Strongbow,"I'll edit my review when the ♥♥♥♥ing game works. I paid 50 bucks for a pre-launch beta grade game. I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥-----------------------------------------------------------------Review edited: I'm glad they got the game working properly, and it's alot of fun to play, especially with the Viking Forefathers DLC."
,Not Recommended,325610,14572136,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Bill Cosby,"It is time for me to redo my review.  I did one around 30 hours into the game, which was premature and I regret giving it a thumbs up.I will do a score system, 1-10 with very brief reasons, straight to the point in each category.  Here it goes.Graphics 8 : Nothing really inspiring or new enough to wow me.  This is on all the highest settings.Sound 7 : If this is the reason you play a total war game you are probably doing it wrong.Gameplay (early) 7 : This is the juice for good comments.  This is where a player gets into the game for 40 or 50 hours and is still happy, enjoying the new things in the game.  You get to choose between awesome factions, and you also can be a horde and wander around.  Something felt off to me, but I was so happy to have another new total war game that I ignored it and kept going.Gameplay (late) 2 : This is where everything comes crashing down.  Once you hit a certain point, it feels as though they didn't get this far.  You will start to encounter spontaneous AI, making decisions that make no sense, and you will realize the AI can see your armies and will chase them all around no matter what you do.  The AI, with this ridiculous advantage of 'they can see you but you can't see them' makes horde mode VERY hard.  You will also watch as allies will pillage your land because for some reason that is the stance they enjoy doing the most.  If you turn against them, chances all your allies will then turn on you.  There are so many messy things going on, nothing is smooth at this point.  On top of it all, agents will appear EVERYWHERE.  If you go down the military tree primarily first, you will find yourself in a world of pain at this point, and in most cases you can't continue.Combat 5 : You will find the ai will sometimes defend when its attacking you, and you can wait the (30 minutes for me) for combat to end, or you can charge them and most likely lose.  AI will do a great deal of things that will make you scratch your head, but this is common for Total war games.  Still, a game that is so close to rome 2 should have already had most of this fixed.  I mean, its the same map and everything, I feel like I'm playing a massive remake of rome 2, or someone made a mod that was a little better then rome 2.Content 2 : There is not enough in this game to justify its price, and the fact that they put out expansions of stuff that is already in the game and charge money is the reason I can safely say I am done with the total war series.  I will never play another game from these butt pirates again.  After I pay 50 dollars or more for a game, it should be complete or at least not try to butcher me with pay only content.  No offense to any idiot that reads this that thinks CA is being reasonable with its expansions.  The only real way to get them to stop is either have someone new to fill the need for these games that won't do it or we stop buying it.Alright, I will be editing this and adding more to it eventually, and I thank anyone that reads this.  I apologize to those that do not feel the same way, but please if you respond do it with constructive critism.  Anything not worth responding to will just be ignored."
,Recommended,325610,18684328,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Drakomir,"Like history, strategie and other fun stuff? This is the game you should play right now! ;)"
76561198101316630,Recommended,325610,18555216,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,issam1986,great game
,Not Recommended,325610,18679478,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Brunio,"I tried to like Attila, but honestly it just doesn't feel fun. The campaign map also just has a crappy look to it. The entire game just feels cheap despite having more features than Rome 2."
,Not Recommended,325610,18678490,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Lonely Strategos,"I really wish I could suggest this game, but sadly, I can't. I have a decent PC, but i have to run each setting at max performance to have a bearable amount lag. This game was rendered horribly. The concept was good, with many total war: barbarian invansion tones, but they just couldn't pull it off. My favorite game series has taken a turn for the worst."
,Not Recommended,325610,17545129,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,BloodlyDemon,Get Rome 2.
76561198019094191,Recommended,325610,18698081,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Gumball and Darwin,Great game
76561198095464268,Recommended,325610,18702127,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Hermit,"I don`t write these long-winded reviews you`ll be seeing quite a bit, mostly slamming CA over their DLC policies etc. What i will be writing is that having played this for free when i had the chance was a very fun time for me. I loved it. The sheer contrast from Rome in its glory days to when it was crumbling was amazing. Heck, when i rustle up the money to buy this i will do so with certainty. The graphics are good, battles 10/10 and don`t get me started on the campaign map/out of battle stuff. People focus far too much on the negative (aka ""dodgy"" dlc policies, somehow forgetting the fact that you need to make a substantial profit to make more games in a franchise, or the suits, in this case Sega won`t fork over funding). Before i get too side tracked, i`d just like to sum up that i whole-heartedly recommend this to anyone interested in RTS games, your in for a good time."
,Recommended,325610,18728479,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Enes,Simply the best game ever made :D
76561198070281077,Not Recommended,325610,18698561,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,playboy213213,"i love total wars, rome 2 was pretty messed up when it came out but i love it now it runs smooth (with occasianal lag spikes) and it is just an awesome time period. Attila is a great time period too. my first campagin was the grand campagin i decided i wanted to play as the vandals because they were very famous for taking a huge chunk off the wetern roman empire in africa. so i was playing and it got to a point where i finally migrated to africa and taking it and started establishing my own little empire. well shortly after a few more turns it crashed. i thought this was just a little hiccup. so i started it back up and continued. it crashed again this time i noticed it specifically crashed on the western roman separisists. it crashed three more times until i accepted all that hard work was for nothing. so i decided why not try playing as attila himself after all game is dedicated to him. so i started playing as the huns got only ten turns in and same thing crashes on roman sepratisits every time. so campagin is unplayable for now (last roman campain works fine). And during battles, another problem was the battle camera would lag like crazy idk if its the blood on the terrain not disappearing or if their are bugs idk about but its quite frustrating seeing that i lag when trying to see my troops in attila with just a few thousand but yet i run battles in rome 2 total war at like 20,000 troops at extreme with no problem. i would not recommend this game right now, not until some updates finally fix this game... STOP PUTTING OUT DLCS AND FIX THE BASE GAME PPPPPLLLLLZZZZZ"
,Recommended,325610,18719123,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,MegaBearsFan,"The Prologue campaign in this game is brutal! It's like a Demon's Souls tutorial that is designed to kick your♥♥♥♥♥ I restarted it once before realizing that it was designed for the player to fail in order to teach the new migration feature. This prologue acts as a tutorial for the new features and mechanics of the game, but it doesn't do a particularly good job of teaching these mechanics. It also doesn't go into much detail of the established features of the franchise (other than telling you that a feature exists, then making you click on the button to do it), so new players might find themselves completely turned off by the fact that they are having their asses handed to them and aren't being taught much about how the game actually works, or - more importantly - why they are failing so hard.The horde mechanics and time period of Attila actually helps to add a lot of variety in the different factions available in the campaign. A couple factions (like the Saxons and Franks) start with the traditional Total War setup of having one territory and having to conquer more. But the new horde tribes such as the Huns, Goths, Visigoths, Vandals, and so on don't start with any territory and have to migrate across the map, sacking and raiding and pillaging as they go. I think it was a bit unfortunate that the Hun armies on the campaign map are still represented by a soldier walking around and fighting with a sword, rather than someone fighting from horseback.And then there's the Western and Eastern Roman Empires, which both start with large chunks of territories. The player takes over these large empires as they are on the verge of collapse and has to face off numerous challenges and threats from all different angles. And if you want an easier empire-management campaign, there's even the middle-eastern Sassanid Empire that starts with a large swath of land, numerous client states, and easy-to-defend borders.This lead to me being much more excited to try out different factions and even play multiple campaigns in parallel in order to try out the various challenges of each faction's starting conditions. The different conditions of the various factions also brings about different playstyles that means that different factions can appeal to different players. Players who want constant war and conflict can play as the Huns or Germanic tribes; whereas, players who are more interested in building an empire and managing diplomacy and economies will likely be more interested in the Romans or Sassanids.Read the full review on my personal blog:http://www.megabearsfan.net/post/2015/08/18/Total-War-Attila-game-review.aspx"
76561198021330442,Recommended,325610,18898493,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Nick,"For me this game is a HUGE step up from ROME II on all fronts from graphics to diplomacy. The campaign is actually a challenge and playing as East or Western Rome can be brutally unforgiving and a ton of fun. The main victory condition is literally to just survive, with optional, more difficult victory conditions following it. If you've enjoyed the previous Total War games you need to give this game a chance and ignore the 4.2 hours played negative reviews.I'd say the game's biggest flaw for me personally is the time period it takes place in which is not nearly as interesting as Rome 2's time period.CA's DLC policy is terrible but you don't have to buy those, or if you do, wait for a sale, I did.Attila gets a huge thumbs up from me."
,Recommended,325610,18911820,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,SH+EFF=Sheff,pretty good
,Recommended,325610,18909575,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,RoboRetro,Yes.
,Recommended,325610,19068438,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Infinity,rlly gud
,Not Recommended,325610,19068910,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Lemon Squish,Bought full set for Mac – wouldn't load and had to get refund. Check it out on TW forums before you buy if you have a Mac. Med II still the greatest.
76561198028879718,Recommended,325610,19086644,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,nineth_rider,"Great Game, takes some aspects from Rome TW BI, and adds them to the Rome 2 game, it could have been so much worse, like the hordes in BI, but this game is wonderful. the DLC problem does suck but that doesn't make it a bad game, just a pain in the neck. It is the Napolean TW for Rome 2, but if you just want more Rome 2 to play, this is your game"
76561198131189665,Recommended,325610,19087539,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Nora259,"For who want to buy it.Attilla is great strategy  game ,it like Rome 2 but it have more detail ,more difficult, more thinking, Rome 2 is more easy than Attilla. If you want easy game I recommend you to buy Rome 2 but if you want hard game, I recommend you to buy Atilla."
,Recommended,325610,19084737,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Chalk,"Amazing game, CE does a really good job of making a good turn based game where your careful planning shows and real time battles to let your instinct and quick thinking lead you to victory.I would have liked to see some things that were perhaps optional and less historical such as custom factions. The AI needs some work, they're psychic and the Huns have never been an issue for me in the Grand Campagin. Should have been called Sassands total war.9/10"
76561198119540248,Recommended,325610,19044156,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,bray7429,If you love a good stragety game why not play one of the best?
,Recommended,325610,18970472,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Diokaza,"Fun , Conquer , Happy , Conquer again , Raze enemy senttlements , Build an  Army Of Destruction , KILL !!!Ohhhh this games is so fun~~The Good thing:-Much improvement over all the Previous Total war Title-Beautiful Graphic , Lighning effect , SMOKE AND FIRE EFFECT and Much More-New graphic engine-Family trees-Advance Political System- Larger Army-EXTEREME AND BRUTAL ARMY FIGHT , BLOOD AND GORE!!! , BURN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!The Bad Thing:- Not really a  OPTIMIZE Games- Random FRAME PER SECOND DROPS- ANNOYING BUGS8.3/10  This is totally for a HARDCORE TOTAL WAR FANS"
76561198013840068,Recommended,325610,18475861,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Smileys4Life,Why does this game have worse Steam reviews than Rome 2? Yes the money grubbing dlc pushed day one is rediculous but this game is definitely an improvement over Rome 2.
76561198061064492,Recommended,325610,18477783,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Lupus,I liked attila tw as well as rome 2.both are a hard game that actually makes you think and you can't just get one powerful army and dominate. But they do need to make food not such a huge thing also public order needs to be simpler to maintain. But all in all this is a good game with good dlc's but some we should have already had. And sad but interested about Warhammer TW. Still wish for a new empire medevil and WW1 era TW.
76561198035458672,Recommended,325610,18482442,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,BumBumBum,Excellent
,Recommended,325610,18632246,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,B0I,"This game gets A LOT of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Mainly because CA like to charge money for♥♥♥♥♥♥they could have easily added for free at launch. Ignoring the DLC, however, I actually really enjoyed this game. I own all of the total war games other than fall of the Samuria and this one is by far my favourite one.The combat is quick, yet still enjoyable to watch. the seiges are much harder for attackers due to settlement towers, but are very open inside making it a bit easier for the attacker once he gets through the walls. The campaign map looks beutiful (even on the lowest setting I get taken back in autumn). The gameplay on the campaing map is fun with the new system from rome 2 were an army requires a general to, well, exist. This can make for fun and intresting gameplay without any annoying 2 man armies just messin' about in your territory. Personally , I absolutely LOVE this game, and don't let my hours fool you, I've only owned it for like a month. This game is getting me excited for Total War Warhammer, and I hope you enjoy this game as much as I did."
,Recommended,325610,15512479,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Quintus Trebonianus,"I prefer Attila over Rome II Emperor Edition by far.  Attila is on another level over Rome II.  When you play Attila you know that Rome II was only a prologue of a big coming game in Attila.  Attila has everything that Rome II doesn't have like city micromanagement, family tree, a better research tree, better graphics and an AI lot more agressive.This game is a masterpiece.  Every Total War fans must have this sublime game.The learning curve is a bit more long.  A guy like me took me around 50 hours to enjoy this complex game, so well constructed and with so much fun now.10/10"
76561198112939982,Not Recommended,325610,18780148,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,phillip_194,doesnt work on mac book pro!? if anyone can offer any ideas on how to fix id be greatful
76561198010675945,Not Recommended,325610,18775643,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Tallent,"So I installed the game, and I've gottent the error message that drivers may be out of date, while total rome 2 works fine but Atilla does not. I've done all the recommended things to try to fix the issue but nothing has changed. Very disappointed so far, regred spending almost $100 for all the small updates and the game."
76561198067421028,Not Recommended,325610,18749172,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,czyzewski97,i bought all the dlcs and i found it  only made a small diffrence in the game but most of the dlcs we to me just new skined units not totaly new units like it should have bin
76561198043702214,Recommended,325610,18800795,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,BigTrav,The fun but prototipical Total War Game
76561198005633044,Recommended,325610,18795443,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Gaseous_Death,"Having burnt many a hour on this game, (as well as most of the european countryside) its a great addition to the total war series. My favorites have been Medieval 2, Shogun 2 and now Attila. Having to start as a group that has no home trying to find a place to settle fighting cold winters and other barbarians snapping at your heels is a new experiance. Also playing as a falling Rome is fun, i frantically tried to hold on to the more fat and stable regions while in turn sacrificing clumps of armies and small towns to the hordes slowing swallowing them, just so you could end up with a new rome lol"
76561198127884219,Recommended,325610,15229495,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Albert,DO you want to see civillians attack you or your enemy during a siege?Do you want to raze through numerous cities?Do you overall like stragedy?Then i recommend buying this game!
76561198010050954,Not Recommended,325610,15233862,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,MssV187,Its absolutly terrible. It crashes all the time on random occasions. I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!!!!
76561198035624166,Recommended,325610,15234223,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,QueenHill,i like it
,Recommended,325610,14879376,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Crim,"Total War Atilla is the latest and greatest title from developer Creative Assembly....Napoleon is to Empire what Atilla is to Rome 2. CA managed to break the game they intended to release and released a followup title from a slightly later time period, attach the setting to revolve around a single character, and refine and add new game mechanics that should have been in the preceding title.In short; damage control.With that aside, removing Rome 2 from the picture, Atilla is a quality title. It provides probably the hardest campaigns I have played in a total war game.Part of this is due to the fact that the campaigns in this game were designed around survival as opposed to empire building. This is the dark ages! Plagues, famine, huns (and other enemies...) literally abandoning all reason and chasing your armies across Europe for no other reason than to give you gray hair...The graphics are good and bad at the same time. The units appear a tad cartoony in my opinion. The terrain, weather, buildings, etc though are awesome.The game even runs pretty smooth (minus the bottlenecks in siege battles......shocker),Naval battles are still pretty wonky though less so than Rome 2. Ramming has been removed except for special ramming ships. Transport fleets are now super squishy and can no longer stand toe-to-toe with navies.Politics are actually meaningful and more comprehensive. The family tree is back as well! The assigning of characters to be governors of provinces is also a nice feature here.Overall, a solid effort. If you're still niffed about the damage control situation, wait for a steam sale. However, if you're looking for a quality Total War title, then don't pass it up."
76561198006540990,Not Recommended,325610,14869178,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Delftdirk,"Rome 2 was a pretty descent game although i think way to expensive if you count everything up.And like with all total war titles...........they only become good after the community gets their hand on them and make mods.And now this :(Just a terrible game to get as much money as they can from us.Badly balanced, no heart :(And now the big announcement ........ warhammer :(So will be about 6 to 7 years untill a new good game like medieval 3?"
76561198033961812,Recommended,325610,14881385,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Bullfred,Its a good game
76561198036539862,Recommended,325610,14893149,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,trey4200,"This is a great total war game, most of the people that are not recomending this game are doing so because of the fact that they relased the DLC too early. However the game itself is fantastic and is supposed to get even better with an upcoming patch. The AI still has a few quirks but they are rare. If you like total war games this is one of the best in my opinion."
76561198009506318,Not Recommended,325610,14893247,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Basics,"As usual with the Total War series, very annoying bugs. For example skirmisher units refuse to shoot a target right in front of them with nothing in between just because the target is engaged in combat and few of them are mixed with some friendly units.  I would rate it 6/10. For the moment buy Rome 2 Emperor edition."
76561198075498903,Not Recommended,325610,14896405,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Silent Storm,Needs to be patched!Poorly optimize not worth 45$
76561197966721701,Recommended,325610,14532189,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Father Ribs,"Yes!  A decent introductory campaign you can burn through in a handful of hours teaches you the basics.  There are many of the good things from Rome 2, but many changes and tweaks.  Money and food numbers have been increased so that there can be better differentation between buildings.  So many religions, but the ability to convert.Stuff.  Looks.  Beautiful.  Even a wall-less half burned village makes you want to pause the game and check out all the background animations.  Missile fire looks like black blobs of smoke streaking across the map...one minor meh.  Otherwise this is a true joy to look at both in combat and the strategic maps.So many tweaks that this is not just Rome 2 rehash.  Need to put in at least 40 hours before I can give a nuanced review but right now I am a happy camper.ONE PROBLEM:  The online encyclopedia is just as stupid and slow as Rome's was.  Instead of just letting you see what YOUR nation can build, you have to see everyeone's buildings.  So hard to make informed decisions on what to build (that will get simpler with time of course).  Key concepts are not listed in manual and can't find a search function.  IE:  What is religion osmosis? (I can figure it out that it involves transfer of religion but what makes one religious building option better than another?  DUnno...there isn't even the world osmosis in the manual.)   I hate the damn thing...why not organise it to only show what you can make?  I could never understand that in Rome 2.If you like TW games, you should like this.  Can't wait to play one of the larger nations in trouble...the WRE from Rome:Barbarian Invasion was one of my favorite scenarios in the entire series.Additional notes 3/25/15TLDR: If you like ""vikings"", Attila > Rome. Attilla is in the throes of MASSIVE climate change, everyone is burning their provinces into dust, and the Huns are coming...so this one isn't as sand-boxy as Rome is, but complexity, depth, looks, etc...Attilla wins hands down. But get Rome on sale when you can (they just had 75% off sale somewhere)...it you want a more civ-style sandbox game, or want to play Egypt or any of the excellent cultural groups that are not in Attila.More in depth:While I have quite a few hundred hours into Rome 2 (into each and every TW game from the first one), and they were all good, Attilla is a a different game than RTW2 and mechanics-wise, much more detailed in many ways...politics, settlement building, battle, etc. The battlefields that include settlements are just georgious and much more interesting to fight on than Rome's. There are also ways to become migrating tribes which are pretty cool, though I haven't tried it outside the extensive tutorial.Two things may make you pick Rome over Attila:1. Climate change: One of the major factors in gameplay is that climate change renders eventually 2/3 the map infertile. It requires you to push south because you can't grow enough food in your northern provinces which takes a huge bite out of your finances as well as forcing you to waste more space on food production. Couple this with the ability to raze provinces, and it becomes very hard to find a decent amount of fertile land. Corruption is quite high too, so bad that you may be tempted if you start in a northern climate to just raze your startling territory and just head south for new lands. You really need to keep the big picture in mind because if you're unaware how drastic the fertility goes down you're going to be spending way too much time and effort building up what should be treated as a starting point, not the heart of your empire.2. Hun hordes. If you didn't play Medieval War 2, You may not realize just how tough these guys are going to be. Lots of armies. Strong armies. The only thing going for you is that they can't take over settlements, just raid or raze them. I like to expand West and let the Eastern empires be my buffer. (edited...can't tell my left from my right duh)If you like vikings, Attlia > Rome. I like the viking fathers DLC. Your troops are not as buff as the Roman troops in some ways, but you have a lot of fear-producing troops and you want to hit hard and fast, get the enemy running. Your meat and potato troops evolve with tech from levy troops to some seriously decent killers...but become so expensive that you may want to do what I did...train up your garrison armies just before the next troop upgrade happens, then keep those armies off the front lines until you need top tier troops with twice the upkeep.There are some things I don't like about Attilla. Documentation sucks, the online encyclopedia is slow and a lot of really important data (like the interplay of politics, what do certain buildings do, etc) are not shown anywhere. BUT, once you play enough you'll pick things up. The political system is the best one in a TW game yet...you really need to take it into account, and the number of options you have means you can really spend time optimizing your leaders and balancing your family so they are in power, but not seen as a threat to the natural order. The RPG feel of the older TW games is back, IMO. There are leaders that I roll my eyes over ""Oh, HE is causing me problems again"". Even enemy leaders have social traits though I haven't gotten into diplomacy through assasination to more tractible leaders yet.Diplomacy is a lot more difficult too; granted I have never been a player throwing around big bribes like some folks like to do, but man do people hate you."
,Recommended,325610,15042980,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,willbert221,"Compariblely better than total war rome two in campaign map gameplay, played as the ostrogoths and sacked constantinople, took thesselonica by storm and ran out of food went bankrupt afterwards and got destroyed by the eastern roman empire..."
76561198041242021,Recommended,325610,15044505,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Chief Queef,chargin
,Recommended,325610,15048978,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Haroldo,"An great and innovative way of TOTAL WAR!Attila Total War position the players in the beggining of the end of the ancient times - The fall of the Western Roman Empire - and in the beggining of the middle ages. In the game, we have many new features of whom you have many optinons of building your empire - or developing your horde. Though you can build your empire, Attila Total War is a game of which the timeline isnt good for building empires - instead, it's time for destroying them. With many barbarians hordes, and traditional empires, it's all up to you. Will you conquer and expand or raze and pillage? Your option.The game presents many good and relevant changes from the past total war games, incorporating features from the old classic total war games to the atual games. Altought it has the same engine as Rome 2 : Total War, it has many features, explaining the need of a new game and not a dlc, like Napoleon was to Empire.Rating : 9/10"
76561198130952424,Recommended,325610,15049305,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,mbharmoncraig,"there should have been instructions on how to make the game run smoother. The game is awesome, maybe the greatest game ever. However i spent a month struggling to get the graphics to work without stuttering. Finally i optimized, defragmented, updated, shut down, cleaned, wiped, uninstalled and overcooked my way into being able to run it in almost maximum graphics smoothly."
76561198129955810,Recommended,325610,15054564,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Dirty Harry,awesome
76561198056153901,Recommended,325610,15039492,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,ComradeTiberius,"I really like this game, it's very much like Rome 2 Total War and sort of a modernization of Rome Total War Barbarian Invasion, but it's really fun to play and it has a lot of good and improved content."
76561198023667909,Recommended,325610,15040202,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,jakel,NOT AMAZING BUT NOT THE WORST I WOULD RECOMEND BUYING ONLY BECASUE MODDERS WILL MAKE THIS GAME AWSOME AS THEY DID WITH ROME 2 JUST GOT WAIT A LITTLE BITDESDEN & RADIOUS PLEASE MAKE THIS GAME  GODLY :)
76561198073754992,Recommended,325610,15040909,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,MrDiabblos,amazing
,Recommended,325610,15041091,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,joecuki,"I don't think the game is worth full price, I'll start there.  However, it's a fairly solid TW game, with some new, novel mechanics, and some better balanced battles.  However, the game can be frustrating at times, with a reversion back to requiring regions to be food, happiness, and economically useful.  Corruption once again becomes a highly limiting factor, instead of building upkeep, which seems to be a move that is somewhat annoying.Hordes are fun and challenging to play.  The Huns are challenging to fight against.  It is very fun to play a crumbling Roman Empire and stave off the hordes and internal conflict.  There's a lot to like about the game if you're into the TW series, but wait until it's on sale, pick it up with some DLC's and save yourself the anger about CA releasing 3 dlc's within the first month."
76561198158085522,Not Recommended,325610,15179707,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Nike,It always crashes even after redownloading
76561198038784630,Not Recommended,325610,15259002,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,elektrik,"Thought the comments were just people whinning, they're not. I've owned all but the very first total war. This kind of kills the series for me. Total War: DLC is correct, game released Feb 17 it is now april 7th and 4 DLC's have been released. The performance issues are terrifying. It is a badly modded Rome 2 at best."
76561198066655487,Recommended,325610,15259265,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Grombrindal,"Most of the negative reviews are just winy casuals who can't take out the visigoths on easy, or haters and such who complain about the dlc's (although I wouldn't mind a byzantyne or beowulf campaign) the only bugs I got was when the game crashed, and that was because my pc couldn't handle too many units. I personally give this game an Robert Crumb/10"
76561198098157422,Recommended,325610,15259912,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,tr0loc,"I have read a lot about this game in the comments and most of them don't focus on the game itself. Most focus on how many DlCs there are and how bad the game ran in the beginning and oh this or that. Where is the review of game play, of the amazing cinimatics that take place while in campaign, of the frustrating challenge of killing Attila(the only white guy in an army of asians).First let me state that all of you complaining about the DLC are just idiots. The DLC might be numerous and at first you might feel cheated, but stop and look at the price of the game before you keep moaning. This game released for 45 bucks and you don't have to get the DLC, so stop whining and if you want the DLC just pay the normal 70 dollars a game like this cost.Second I haven't had a single preformance glitch in months.Third this game is fun but it isn't Shogun Total War, if you want a Shogun Total War game go play it instead of harrassing an amazing game that if not compared to your godly view of Shogun would get the respect it deserves.Lastly this game will last you until the next release, if you complete all the campaigns and just enjoy the game you could easily play until the next total war is released and have an enjoyable time, unlike other games where you get bored due to repition in this you just leave due to the fact you may never truly win, but that makes this enjoyable.PS: You have to kill Attila three times in battle/assination before he stays dead, talk about OP."
,Not Recommended,325610,14535227,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Frank Castle,"New Review, ♥♥♥♥ this game and Sega. DLC Galore and not worth it, Thanks EA. Should have been an expansion pack. DO NOT EVER BUY THIS GAME*OLD REVIEW*I like this game, To show you how much here is a chat I had about it with my friend in the Navy.Petty Officer ♥♥♥♥o: YOU HAVE ATTILA?Jed Eckert: SURE DO BRAPetty Officer ♥♥♥♥o: JUST BOUGHT ITPetty Officer ♥♥♥♥o: TONS OF HOURS IN ROME THOUGH AS YOU KNOWPetty Officer ♥♥♥♥o: IS IT BETTER?Jed Eckert: DID YOU EVER PLAY BARBARIAN INVASION?Jed Eckert: FOR THE FIRST ROMEPetty Officer ♥♥♥♥o: OF COURSEJed Eckert: ITS THAT EXACT GAMEJed Eckert: REMADEPetty Officer ♥♥♥♥o: EVERYTHING IS BETTER WHEN IN ALL CAPSJed Eckert: WITH BETTER STUFFPetty Officer ♥♥♥♥o: SWEEEEEETJed Eckert: RIGHTJed Eckert: SoJed Eckert: WHOOPSPetty Officer ♥♥♥♥o: THIS CONVERSATION IS GETTING ME SO PUMPEDJed Eckert: RIGHTJed Eckert: SO GRAPHICSJed Eckert: 10/10Petty Officer ♥♥♥♥o: MUCH KILLJed Eckert: THE AI ARE ADVANCEDJed Eckert: BUTPetty Officer ♥♥♥♥o: SO THEY WONT GO FULL RETARD THIS TIME?Jed Eckert: WELLJed Eckert: NO BLOODJed Eckert: AT ALLJed Eckert: SO FARJed Eckert: DLCPetty Officer ♥♥♥♥o: ...WHATJed Eckert: I CAN ALREADY SEE THE DLCPetty Officer ♥♥♥♥o: THAT SHOULDNT BE DLCJed Eckert: TREES LIGHT ON FIREJed Eckert: PEOPLE WONTJed Eckert: AND TREES DO IT SO PRETTYPetty Officer ♥♥♥♥o: OUCHPetty Officer ♥♥♥♥o: THE FEELSJed Eckert: FYIJed Eckert: THIS IS GOING TO BE MY REVIEW OF THER GAME FOR STEAMJed Eckert: IM GOING TO COPY AND PAST THIS CONVOPetty Officer ♥♥♥♥o: MY DREAMS WERE DASHED INSTANTLYPetty Officer ♥♥♥♥o: DO ITJed Eckert: SOJed Eckert: THE GRAND CAMPAGINJed Eckert: IS SWEETJed Eckert: YOU CAN LIKEJed Eckert: RAID AND BUIRN DOWN HOUSESJed Eckert: ERRJed Eckert: TOWNSJed Eckert: SO I WENT TO RAID ROMEEPetty Officer ♥♥♥♥o: BURN ALLLLL THE CIVSJed Eckert: AS THE VIKINGSJed Eckert: GOT THEREJed Eckert: ALL OF ROME WAS GONEJed Eckert: NO♥♥♥♥♥♥Petty Officer ♥♥♥♥o: SCANDANAVIAN FOR LYFEJed Eckert: THE ENTIRE CIV IN RUINSJed Eckert: ♥♥♥♥ YESJed Eckert: SO MY NEW GOAL IN GAMEJed Eckert: DESTROY ALL THE CITRYSPetty Officer ♥♥♥♥o: LEAVE NO ONE ALIVE"
,Recommended,325610,14762631,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,[VI] Sigma-Solaris,"I've put over 170 hours into Atilla and over 1000 in Rome 2. Here is how I feel. I will recommend this game, simply because the launch of it and the involvement of the community on an overall basis has made playing this game much more barable when I have to deal with the dilemma of buying DLCs that EVERYONE agrees should have been in the vanilla game. Now, having said that, I can also understand the prespective of where CA and Sega are coming from. You're struggling to survive in an extremely competitive, demanding, and ever evolving industry. So Sega's apparent plan is to follow the ""Micro-pay"" and ""freemium"" style of (mobile)game marketing. If you don't know what that is that is where a company spends less money to create an almost fun game and sells you little tid bits of items, in-game money, etc. to make the game feel more complete while all-in-all you aren't ever actually acheiving anything or getting true satisfaction from the game. So you either stop playing or keep playing and keep waiting for more items to buy. The reason they do this is because they realize with dedicated fans and a certain percentage of addicts, they will happily pay for extra content that we all know should have been in the game to begin with. Do I agree with this method? No I do not. But do I understand where CA and Sega are coming from? Of course I do. They have to make money and profit or else we are stuck playing pong for the rest of our lives. I just wish that in the VERY near future they(CA and Sega) will realize that the way they are marketing the game will ultimately be their downfall concerning this series, and possibly their reputation overall, if they continue to conive their way into our wallets with out ever giving us a blowee.OVERALL RATING:75/100"
76561198006023304,Recommended,325610,14763285,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,DEY123,Fun TW game.  More challenging then recent titles by TW.  I've actually lost games.  Only gripe I have is not enough factions (they are adding with DLC but there should have been more in the base game.8.5/10
76561198007759390,Recommended,325610,14763985,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,antted24,"Very good game. There seems to be a lot of negativity regarding this game but ths is in my view totaly unfounded. With Rome2, CA dropped the ball, they have listended and redeemed themselves with this game.  As a strategy game player this game is a real challenge. No more steamrolling over nations or rubbish diplomacy. Every decision and i mean EVERY decision has to be carefully thought out. Its a steep learning curve, more so than any other CA game.Recomended and with future DLC and the odd tweak this will be up there with Shogun2 for me."
76561198029945631,Recommended,325610,14754397,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Sir Lazer,very nice
76561198073670106,Recommended,325610,14751842,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,turdferguson29,I am enjoying Attila so far.Pros- HunsCons-HunsOverall 9/10 Hun hats
76561198006703486,Recommended,325610,14755353,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Angry Bovine,"I love this game. I think its great, the changes to the horde factions are really good and i like that you can control your royal family again. lots of people have been bashing the game because of the DLC and don't get me wrong its definitly an unfair money grab on their part, however if you don't have to buy them, the saxons are close enough to the viking forefathers factions and theres plenty of barbarain factions to play as without the longbeard pack, not to mention all the  other factions. I have bought both DLCs, but still spend most of my time playing the non-DLC factions."
,Not Recommended,325610,14756401,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Dace,its alright i suppose . rome 2 was interesting this has some good things too but in all fairness its poinntless getting the DLC so far since most nations use the same units you will miss nothing by not getting the 2 DLC that came out within a week of release ..its a money spinner but if your a total war fan then you will get it anyway :P .. stick to the main thing dont waste money on new skins you can always just conquer the lands you can start in with the DLC and you loose nothing compared to if you started there (units wise)also i like how every review i see is negative but on the store its listed as mostly positive .. i cant remember the last time i saw a thumbs up on this games ratings
76561197992320249,Recommended,325610,14756582,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Scion Koga,This is definitely an improvement over the last iteration of the Total War franchise. A much needed revamp and showing of how a Total War game could be great again.
76561198037711348,Recommended,325610,14757016,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Sweyn Forkbeard,"This game has great potential ,for al those w#nk#rs who keep b#tching like women you knew this was going to happen,developing costs money and this is way things go now a days.Look at paradox ( don't get me wrong they make exellent games ) they charge u 15 Euros for a different colour on a map!!"
76561198104108109,Recommended,325610,14757176,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Apple,great detail on the units
76561198014195215,Not Recommended,325610,14759835,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Kerlerb,"Total War Attila is incredibly frustrating to deal with. The game crashes every 30 minutes for me, with no logged error, or even an error number. To add insult to injury, DLC has already been added, which means the huge bugs in the game will take that much longer to fix. I feel like I wasted 50$ on a AAA title that should be still in Alpha with the bugs and errors. I've never been this unsatisfied with a total war game until now. Instead of playing Attila, I'm going to spend the next couple hours relaxing and surviving the apocalypse of NEO Scavenger.Sincerely,Ripped off customer."
76561198033252260,Recommended,325610,14761616,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Son_of_Caesar,I have been a Total War player since the first Shogun game. I really enjoy Attila. It is what I believe Rome II should've been. Even though I enjoyed Rome II very much. I would recommend this game to anyone who like strategy and real-time battles on a huge scale. SO MUCH FUN!
76561198007289598,Not Recommended,325610,14701125,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Brenden,"As an idea, this game is fantastic, but flawed.My biggest gripe is in lack of originality. Despite playing battles (In the dozens) in different regions, the layout is the same. It is reminicest of watching an episode of the Flinstones; it is fun, but the background is repetitive.There is a distinct lack of originality from CA; They are clearly living off of past succeses.As much as i love Total War, I would advise any die hard fan to avoid purchasing ATTILA and stick with our favourites such as Medieval, Shogun & Rome. This is the same game, but with an aesthetic face lift.Nice try CA, Shame about yourr lack of substance.PS; I will not even go into the fact the DLC is chargeable just one week after release. Note to developers, do not charge £40 for half a game."
76561198006957497,Recommended,325610,14701311,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,drallen1970,"Well it plays as it should.  I have always enjoy TW series.  However, the AI is never balanced.  As many have complained, nothing is equal.  On normal difficulty all other faction have some strange ability to create much stronger units than you.  It is like they start off with an advantage which makes this game extremely frustrating.  Additionally as others have complained many times a faction will park in your terrirtory and raid and you spend turn after turn chasing them off and waiting for them to come back and park their extremely strong army on your terrirtory.  Not realistic to retreat an army and march it back.  A valid tactic I suppose but unrealistic.  CA you really need to put the player and AI on the same level playing field and let the best one win.  By the way how long does a diseased army take to recover?  I had an army disease for years!!!!! Another gripe, when a leader uses a special ability, such as fear, it looks like it affects your units as well as the enemys sometimes, very weird.  Im still trying to figure out how to increwase control.  All the leaders I have to choose from once they are part of my generals I cant tell what side they are on.  Before you select them for office it says other nobles but after that you better hope you can remember who is who or your influence and control will suffer giving perks etc to the soemone who is not in your family or faction. All in all a good game but it could be great."
76561198069964150,Recommended,325610,14701816,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,jeffsong,"I should not review this game this early, but so far so good, and I need to help to balance out those negative reviews just because of CA's DLC strategy...I know it is stupid, but it is just not right to give it a thumb down for this game. I think the current content is totally worth 45$, and if you find the price for DLCs unacceptable, why not just leave them alone and buy the ones you are interested in on sale?"
76561198007282680,Recommended,325610,14702666,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,dajarvi,"Since Rome Total War I have always played Total War games with complete overhauls.  Rome Total Realism.  Stainless Steel for Medieval 2.  Europa Babarorum.  Divide et Impera for Rome 2.But for the first time, Attila Total War Vanilla has me wanting to come back for more!  I am eager to see what modders will be able to do.  Best Total War since Rome 1."
76561198105382579,Recommended,325610,14703442,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,sampesch,"This game is an interesting take on the total war series. Becuase it is new I have not played as much as other total war titles, but my first immpressions are good. The hoard mechanic is a really cool and interesting new feature. Politics is better but still not be perfect, however it can be overlooked due to how good other features of the game are. My one big complaint is that they try to fit too many cites into a smaller map than Rome II making it so that armies can hardly move around outside their territory unless you intend to attack an enemy city. Overall however I really like this game and with a few AI tweaks that CA could make this a truly great game."
,Recommended,325610,14703892,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Soup Teeth,"The best total war game as of yet, almost everything is perfect about this game. I do wish that the AI would stop razing every city they pass.(whilst im dealing with internal and local issues and expanding my empire, everywhere else is completely destroyed. Every city razed with only a few stragglers roaming looking for more, then there is no mighty empire for me to fight)"
76561198049549299,Recommended,325610,14704223,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Ambush,"Love the new family tree system, and the new level system as well. The Combat is AMAZING if you like total war franchise this is your next game 10/10 greatest strategy game"
76561198022537547,Recommended,325610,14704419,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Wäne,Game looks great and diplomacy have been upgraded thou I hate the Great Power debuff you get too early. Maps are huge which is nice. Units look truely awesome.HOW EVER! Game keeps freezin after your turn starts or after you win or lose an battle. After that you need to restart the game. I hope they make repairs soon.
76561198113245299,Recommended,325610,14704692,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,ⓥ | King Quin the 9th of Vale,A very good game in the Total War series. Get this game if you love history and are a fan of tactic games.
76561198120377650,Recommended,325610,14705772,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Bjorn,its the♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,325610,14705949,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,WAITOPIGGU,"8/10 as of launch, vs my take on rome2's launch 4/10It even runs decent on my amd toaster.The campaign gameplay is improved in every aspect.However, my favorite part of total war games is the battles,in rome 2 i run several mods with that gore dlc, and a real show is put on for me.Since Attila launched there is none of that yet besides the new level of tactics/weather, all kinds of new battle systems.if you feel the same as i do. wait on buying for a little while as workshop and modders add new content.Total War Attila is still worth a buy"
,Recommended,325610,14521784,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Yetteh,The best total war game since Medevial II.
76561198113966950,Recommended,325610,14685529,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Cynwulf of Bernicia,Good game buy it. Buy it now! Oh yes and the dlc. Don't buy it if you don't like. But don't hate Total war: Attila because of it dlc.
,Recommended,325610,14696879,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,mrsarlow,"So far this game has not been worth the money. It was already difficult switching from Total War: Rome to Total War: Rome II. The family tree/hierachy needs to be better explained; random pop ups of having to bribe and ask for favours, etc has not made sense to me. I will continue tomplay for understanding."
,Not Recommended,325610,14589201,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,jacksian3000,"C'mon really? You sold me a shallow full priced game only so you could make it more interesting by pushing expensive DLC on me? I cannot upvote this game, it's fun yeah, but it's no more than a shallow cash grab, for shame Creative Assembly and Sega, for shame . . ."
,Recommended,325610,14520833,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Spongy Monkey,"Edit 04/03/15:It works since the patch. Absolutely great game. But wait until it's on sale in summer. most of the DLC will be out by then and you can probaby grab it all for less than £5.Original:Die hard fan. I own an original copy of shogun 1. Wait a year. like rome II, like empire, like shogun 2,It breaks my heart to see such hard work being ruined like this. They clearly tried and are working to a sega-designated deadline.Crashes, screen freezes. poorly optimized - on low settings I get 14fps with I7 3820, Hd7990 [same as Nvidia's Titan ] 16gb of ram.What they've done though, is very definitely an improvement. They do listen to their fan base. In a year this will be a worthy release.Edit 17/02/15:Not recommending is not the same as slagging off.These are just my observations.- Optimization. It's the shader version. Rome II was plagued by this and took at least 6 updates to fix. It flutters. This is solved by changing one option in the graphics menu. The reload solves it. I end turn and the flutter comes back.---I feel sorry for CA for getting so much hate on forums for features they actually put in.For rome I saw moaning about; 2 on 1 not being a feature, shields not being important, units not having mass - All of which were in the DB files. Simply not displayed on the UI. You could have 7 on 1 fighitng if you modded it.Now it's laid out to see in the UI.I'm not recommending simply because it's got bugs that need to be fixed. I wouldn't tell someone to buy a car that needs a brake disc replacement.CA are they only major company I've watched really care about the feed back over the forums.I know they'll fix it. They do with everything they release."
76561197961105713,Recommended,325610,14861685,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Gaius Fulvius Flacchus,Don't you wanna get off?
76561198122271961,Recommended,325610,14861819,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Spook1980,"awesome game! would recommend it, but would also recommend a blood and gore download ASAP"
76561198006935984,Recommended,325610,14682979,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Lord Daimun,"The gameplay has a few hiccups but the overall is awesome. Coop campaign so fun , and now waiting for the blood add on cause cant have a wargame without it. Burn effect is epic love that , the new siege style is sweet towns actually show damage and people help defend their homes. Highly Recommend this game to all Total War fans"
76561198050324090,Recommended,325610,14683578,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Cotton,love it
,Recommended,325610,15012614,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,darkight120,"i have alot of the tw games and this is the best to me.i have almost 50 hr playing this, so i know it good. Alot of people bit** about the dlc but YOU DONT HAVE TO BUY IT. the online could se some fixing seeing as how i can't find a game to join(might be all my dlc). i enjoy the game, have saves as the danes and langobards. i would recommend this game, it is pretty hard depending on how you play, after 30 turns my visigoths were all killed in 2, i assume if i had more then 2 hordes and hadn't invaded the western roman's strongest defended regions.they should fix the ai cheating, i've seen two full stacks with only one source of income, they attack sometimes for no reason, the geats bured my captial the second turn as the danes. As i said before i cant play the online, i did host a game with my friend and played some turns but not enough to have a real review, hey should add giving regions since i took one for my friend, and we ended the game cause i  couldn't. the ai is also very stubborn, i took the captial of the franks and saxons i two turns, neither wanted peace even though both only had troop deep inside western roman turff, so they awould almost never get their land back. Also i saw someone complaing about the city names, Rome was split in two, so yes the names would be the same dumb a$$, New York  is still New york although we got our freedom how man hundreds of years ago. Please dont complain about stupid things, like the dlc, ONCE AGAIN DIDN'T HAVE TO BUY IT, DONT BIT**"
76561197992590300,Recommended,325610,14547485,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,karl[THoR],"Recommended for all lovers of Roman and European history.  A massive improvement over Rome II, not due to major changes but due to a tightening of the UI and AI which makes all the difference."
76561197974306960,Recommended,325610,14547846,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Vintersorg,This is what Rome II should have been.
76561198085086931,Recommended,325610,14548877,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,MaximusTitain,Awesome game! Seems to be the best Total War so far!
76561198041947870,Recommended,325610,14549007,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Mr. Lahey,Best total war yet in my opinion
76561198006775957,Recommended,325610,14533637,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,ManumDomini,I need to apologize for complaining on game stability. I went through multiple battles and no crushes were observed. It's a great and inspiring game.
76561198055559991,Recommended,325610,14526996,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,SuperNexus,"An Expansion to my First Review in which i just entered ""Amazing"".Now i have spent a bit more time with the latest entery in the total war series, i can happily say that it is the best entery so far. I love being able to attack villages, Towns and Cities with massive seige weaponry and hoards of men that make you feel powerful, like a true king of kings. The return of the family tree mechanic serves this game very well and adds a extra something for me to think about when building up my kingdom, theres nothing like assinating your own illegitimate son."
76561198106857243,Recommended,325610,14549952,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Carlos the Magnificent,It's okay.
76561198149384643,Recommended,325610,14550259,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,SpaceDevil,"Well Total War, made by the creators of Sonic... SO the 2D blue hedgehog made its way to the strategy genre. Who would of thought? I love Total War the scale and graphics are truly revolutionary. Atilla is no different. Very good, i love the campaign mode and multi player, with such a huge community  you will always find a match. Hope u found this uselful would play again and again."
,Recommended,325610,14550654,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,ｓ ｔ ａ ｌ ｅ,"Greatly improves on almost every aspect in Rome 2. Long story short, it is what Rome 2 should have been, except in a different era.+they fixed ""blobbing"" quite a bit+no more units being sucked into enemy groups+looks great+so much smoother than Rome 2.-some units are VERY OP, especially a few select groups of cavalry units(expect it to become less OP with patches)Thats really the only complaint I have thus far.Would reccomend."
,Recommended,325610,14550610,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Poonham,Have 20 Miscarraged ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s 10/10
76561198124331165,Recommended,325610,14550615,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,9/11 skyscraper,"Attila is love, Attila is life."
76561198024091472,Recommended,325610,14551154,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Wairaka,"Gameplay is different enough to be interesting and similar to understand when to run away from conflict.Really enjoying the thought that has gone into the game and can imagine the hours of fun to behold with the gameplay.My system is all non overclocked and nothing runs over 60c underloadI7 2600, 16g ram, sli 780gtx EVGA, SSD, DimmDrive all models and some textures @1080p between 35-70 fps.  Settings are performance with large armies.Loads from Steam in under 10 seconds (15 without DimmDrive), loading last save in less then another 10 seoncds so its very fast to get into gameplay.  Map-empire overview needs optimising as its 3-30+ fps even with resolution down.8000 unit battles in city area run approx 48fps although any water laggs the screen.SLI loads evenly and CPU loads between 4 main cores around 40-70 load.Personal view in hindsight of Rome2 release - much better and with optimising will be another stunning game to enjoy.My one grrrr is the gamma is very dark meaning, meaning I need to have my Nvidia settings almost to extreme when playing (maybe its just my old ancient eyes)Recommended if you have enjoyed previous products or games in this style......there is a learning curve for not for kids.Tim"
,Recommended,325610,14551280,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,DANK Super Sun Bro,Its better than rome 2 release the only issue i encountered was minor textural gliches and what have you. Over all this game is fairly good and worth the price and im a fan of the total war series however the AI need a bit of a bost especially with the romans because they get steam rolled by anyone even i as the Franks on turn 1
76561198004957288,Recommended,325610,14552240,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Prop3rTechniQue,"10x better than Rome 2. Now just give me blood dlc and some mods this game will  beyond great. If your a fan of the series, Id pick it up forsure."
76561198015604040,Recommended,325610,14517949,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,[H1N1] DALLAS,"I like this game, but jeeez this lack of blood is pathetic!At least give us the blood dlc day one u morons....... After hearing ten times the word ""blood"" in the intro vid, i feel disappointed.Ok, after about 20 hours ingame, i tell you, this game is a diamond, realy, i own all total war, and this one is realy realy good. A lot of new things to learn, different type of gameplay and a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of new units.Now i can say ""I love this game"""
,Recommended,325610,14552850,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,ggreer1717,"Since the beginning of the game I found that the AI tended to challenge me more than Rome II ever did. I also appreciate the, in my opinion, very improved set up of the tech and family tree; however, I will admit that at the current moment the political system is not a noticeable feature. I also am having a little trouble with lag even though I have an up to date computer with gaming modifications put in; though, grant it, I didn't notice it much until battle became really involved. All in all, as an early review, I like the game."
76561197990426151,Recommended,325610,14522228,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,AaronWestley,Better than Rome 2
76561197999763161,Recommended,325610,14553358,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,OoGaBoOGaMan,"How I feelhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eQdPFmMyrycNow on to a really short review.So far it's been an enjoyable ride. Attila is what Rome II should've strived to be, but wasn't. It's nothing special, just a more refined and polished version of Rome II."
76561198259796493,Recommended,325610,33273706,Posted: 5 July,all,|96th|.Cpl.Guardian,"Beautiful gameGreat modsAnd a somewhat decent AI(If Darthmod came back, it probably be the hardest tw for some of us!)But only con is a do what dull variety of units amongst the factionsSo 9/10"
,Recommended,325610,33261389,Posted: 4 July,all,chrismartinez03,"Always have been a fan of the Total War series, starting with the first Shogun, then the two Medievals. Attila is the best by far. The battlefield mechanics are great. The campaign is great. The new features such as scorched earth on the campaign map, burning the buildings during a siege to sap the enemy moral, and faction migrations are but a few of the examples why this game is amazing. Highly recommended to any strategy fan."
76561198124171308,Recommended,325610,33282307,Posted: 5 July,all,sirkibble,it good
76561198293044605,Recommended,325610,33280332,Posted: 5 July,all,backslash309,"Game recieves a lot of (understandable) hate for the stupid DLC. Most of the dlc content should be in the base game, especially for something that costs $45 when it isn't on sale. That being said, the base game is really good, even if I have to pay a little extra to get all the content."
76561198212222776,Recommended,325610,20079064,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,overshotcow,Great game but could have been made better
76561197979937175,Recommended,325610,33351796,Posted: 7 July,all,Sir_Thomas,"During the recent sale I purchased Atilla and Total War: Warhammer, plus all their DLC. To date, I've played more Warhammer than Atilla because the learning curve is not as steep with Warhammer.  Even if you played Rome II, Atilla punishes the player mercilessly. I'm sure there are people who will say they have no problem building a prosperous empire without suffering from food shortages and rebellions. More power to them.  For us poor mortals, however, thank Gaia for the mod workshop.  With a few mods installed to mitigate the harshness of the Vanilla game, it is possible to have fun with Total War: Atilla. The same, of course, can be said of Total War: Warhammer; there the Conquer Anywhere mod is essential.Both games are fun in their own way. Fantasy is good because there is no endless carping about what is more historically accurate.  Atilla is fun if you like rolling large boulders uphill.  War & Peace & good gaming!"
,Recommended,325610,33293579,Posted: 5 July,all,PappuFrosty,Kill the huns before they kill you
76561198109453254,Recommended,325610,33408996,Posted: 9 July,all,Tomicama,>Starts Game as Sclavenians>Starts Migration>Attacks Huns>Defeats Huns to My satisfaction>Arrives in Gaul>Kills the Native Roman Factions>Builds small kingdom>Converts to Latin Christianaity>Goes to Kill Gaul>Suddenly Three Hunnic armies sack my capital>Ends war with Gaul to kick out the Huns10/10 Would get forced to make peace with a one territory faction again to kill Huns
,Recommended,325610,24621378,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,♚| xSISAL I♚,second best game ever
76561198006586073,Not Recommended,325610,14657767,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,WARBOSS,"Ok so now with over a million hours I can writte a review with another perspective.This game was overated.By that I mean, that while great, it's not the savior everyone thought it would be.Surely it's better than Rome 2, but even Minesweeper is, the problem with Attila is that just as Napoleon , it didn't really have a bar to surpass since the previous game was absolute garbage.What's great is the battle system, it's not Medieval 2 good, but it's there. The difficulty is great too but that's where the problem comes.Why is it hard? , mostly because of some mechanics they use to prolonge the campaign time, this game REALLY punishes fast expansion, even if you've been turtling for a while forget about taking more than 1 region (3 provinces) in a turn , and you have to leave your stacks there for a few turns after, wherass the AI of corse can do whatever the ♥♥♥♥ it pleases and it will probably send 5 stacks against you every turn, which kinda sucks, I'd like them to at least pretend to be surviving, this also punishes expansion, and makes 80% of the game battles siege defenses against the AI in a minor town, which quickly get reppetitive. Oh, and that will be like 60 hours of play if you want to even finish one campaign.This is the problem with this game, while ""hard"" it is not fun hard like Shogun 2 legendary or Warhammer legendary, it's just feels like a tedious grind, and while that can be fun for 1 or maybe even 2 campaigns, it quickly kills replay value.TL;DR: I play TW games for war and diplomacy, if I wanted a freaking keep the populace happy simulator I would play Tropico or Sims City."
76561198346151771,Recommended,325610,33508112,Posted: 13 July,all,floodtheandrew,"Total war Attila is a very fun to play and indepth game that it keeps you playing in a Game of Throwns style fight for your family, (regardless of which faction you pick) youll want to expand your empires to the far corners of the map. Over all I love this game, its a perfect example of 3 dimentional chess, your actions my cost you in the game. Really love the series i just wish the dlc would go on sale. 10/10 game."
76561198028652017,Recommended,325610,33581146,Posted: 16 July,all,Thang,I've put alot of hours into this game and I still love it.
,Recommended,325610,33598168,Posted: 16 July,all,Kreitel | Idi Nahui Debil,"Overall a good game, Sometimes glitches here and there."
76561198027619456,Recommended,325610,33612943,Posted: 17 July,all,Rick,"For me the best Total War game in the series, highly recomended :)"
76561198263661243,Not Recommended,325610,32106915,Posted: 1 June,all,Sadrokartón,"-This could be very good game but Huns.....If u play a europan fraction, u will not be able to defeat Huns. As AI, they have unlimited resources. After u defeat many hordes, two times more hordes will appear again and even stronger. I had found advise on forum that only way to stop them is to kill Attila. After that i have send 3 spies to found him and all my champions were killing his commanders (i hoped when i kill many of them, he will have to use Attila as comander). Attila haven´t appear yet even i had killed more than 10 Hunnic generals by agents and more than 10 during battles. Still nothing, my spies found nothing too. Attila was addult, so he had to be there.+This game has much more better battle campaign map than ROME II. AI attacks enemy even far away. AI don´t attack fortified settlements without siege weapons (u must invest if u have not). Cavalry is perfect but AI sometimes send it against phalangs but on the wings AI can move with cavalry very well.Sometimes Ostrogoths settle in Itali, Visigoths in Spain and Vandals in Africa. This historical reflection is good, but it is that, what makes Huns so OP.If u don´t want to play as Ostrogoths, Visigoths or u want to migrate far away from Huns, this game is perfect.Maybe DLC are better without Huns, but a prize is too high."
76561198235151376,Recommended,325610,33580014,Posted: 16 July,all,Wizz,"With the Roman Empire being split apart, The West unable to support its finances with poor administration, aswell as barbarian hordes invading your last scraps of lands, The East, having to fight both migraters up north, and the sassanids in the east, The Roman Empire struggles to hold its own. Meanwhile, a new force erupts into the world, The Hunnic Hordes. They have begun to prove their imperium and have began to become even more powerful with their most feared ruler yet, Attila the Hun. Will you play as a doomed empire, having its remaining scraps being taken? Will you play as the barbarians, which are being forced into Roman territory by the huns? Will you play as the powerful, rich sassanid empire? Will you play as the fearful, Hunnic Hordes? The choice is yours.~ They made ready for war."
,Recommended,325610,33570442,Posted: 15 July,all,☢HZN☢ [FN] [FG] deadskull121™,Good ol total war except well this one runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥and warhammer runs fine for me which is strange but if your like me you will adore this game a lot as it is a lot of fun10/10
76561198014902059,Not Recommended,325610,33299818,Posted: 5 July,all,KennethA,"good game i still perfer rome 2 imo .  had to start again to get use to the changes from rome 2 but  enjoyable ,"
12345678998765421,Recommended,325610,33643101,Posted: 18 July,all,Hzunter,Its ok
,Recommended,325610,33655718,Posted: 19 July,all,WARZILLA,An amaising game but slightly complicated if your new
,Recommended,325610,14645970,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Carcoona,"As a veteran of all the Total War games to date, I was sceptical about Attila. I wasnt even sure if it was a stand alone or a glorified expansion.In essence it is Rome 2 Total War. The map is slightly smaller, there are less starting factions, (more to be added as DLC nodoubt).However it has enough differences, no, improvements, that its definately worthy of your time.The map is even more detailed than in Rome 2, although it is still much darker and more brudeing than other total war games, something I like as I think it adds to the feel of the time period, but not to everyones taste.The Ai is drastically improved over Rome 2 Vanilla, and even over the patched Rome 2.The computer players are far more aggressive, opportunistic, and tactical, often catching you out when you leave your city undefended, or a flank unguarded.The Siege Ai is vastly improved as are the cities in general. They are much easier to control with your troops actually going where you want them logically, atleast 90% of the time. (Rome 2 it was like 10% of the time).The horde and roving nations mechanics are excellent and let you play Total War in a completely different way, infact, as TOTAL WAR. Fight after fight after fight, with less economical worries.Razing, looting and raiding are now a major strategy, allowing you to subsidise or even run your economy off it.Abilities like, earning more income for ever 10% of a settlements buildings you burn in a battle (yes you can target huts and burn them), is realy cool, and actually makes you feel like you are waging a pyscological war on your enemies.There seems to be a good selection of units for each faction, with each faction have a good number of unique troops.Ability to upgrade troops to a new troop type once the tech is unlocked, rather than just unlocking a new unit to buy, is a good feature in my opinion.The graphics are vastly improved from an already pretty Rome 2. Not that I can run it on overly high, as like all TW games, it can be a power hog. But if you are lucky enough to be able to, you will have some very gorgeous battles.The family tree is back, with a much more in depth political system and to some extent diplomatic system. Want to kill your son because he is fathering too many welps on his servants not his wife? Sure! Also it actually matters how influencual your family is within you faction, and has more extreme effects. It actually pays to not have 100% influence, as the negative effects from that often out weigh the positive. So balancing it is fun.It isnt the most stream lined system for politics, but it is TW, we expect this.Negatives?I think more factions at the start would be nice. They are well designed, and fun. But releasing more DLC a week after release? Seems a little cheeky, and doing that for Rome 2 annoyed people. However the factions are more unique than they were in Rome 2, so might be better.It is a power hog.It isnt that different from Rome 2.It is a remake of Rome, Barbarian Invasion.It has a steeper learning curve and enjoyment curve than previous game. Because of its increased difficulty.Overall.I would recommend this game. Its one of the best and most polished TW games to date. Even if it is more of a half-game/expansion.Just dont expect too many radical changes, but enjoy the things they got right this time!"
,Recommended,325610,14628422,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,MallardKing,"I get to embezzle funds, burn cities to the ground and appoint judges? It is a dream come true!"
76561198007309836,Recommended,325610,14685600,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Aristotle,"It is a nice step in the right direction for the franchise; putting out a playable game.  The problem is that these features should have been put out in Rome II.  The improvements do not seem monumental they only seem logical.  Buildings should burn; there should have been a family tree.  I love the game though and look forward to each DLC for it.  I am in love with Total War games so I play the poop out of every one of them.  The overall replayability seems limited though.  There is not enough diversity between rosters and the current system for upgrading is curious to say the least.   Mixed review very skewed by love of Total War,"
76561198121841462,Recommended,325610,14685621,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,MasterChafe,Units respond much better and the game seems more fluid compared to rome 2
76561198064621577,Recommended,325610,14674217,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,[41st]McDank👌👌,I would really recommend attila it is way better than rome II everything feels smoother with alot of new cool mechnaics it is challenging the AI are pretty daum smart aswell CA listend to us complain and they fixed it here there still are the bugs and glitches but way less than rome II sadly they are doing the pay for your factions though but in general this is a good game 8/10 ;)
76561197990059208,Recommended,325610,14676626,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Pickle Rick,"Many years ago I started playing Shogun: Total War, and it was the beginning of a journey into what was for many years the best RTS genre out there (Excepting Age of Empires 2, NOTHING beats that).I had high hopes for Rome 2, I enjoyed the game, but eventually I got bored with the repetetive (greektesque) factions and the low level of freedom ""custom"" armies provided. I had hoped for something grander and mindblowing.Though I did enjoy the game, it didn't leave me with the same amazement Rome:Total War provided, or the novelty and smooth gameplay that Shogun 2 (where crushing an enemy's army meant that he was more than happy to become your puny vassal).Attila does feature a lot of great moments; the weird joy you get from razing an obnoxious foe's city to the ground, the awesome migration mechanic that adds novelty and new challenges to the game and finally the more diverse choices in units.Unfortunately the horde mechanic means that it is difficult to get rid of your enemy, and combined with the horrible diplomatic system means that you can be the most powerful nation in Europe by far, and yet those pesky Swedes who declared war against you on turn one still feel like they can take you head-on!So why am I recommending this game?Because it adds novelty, differences in playstyle and most of all because I'm still in love with the franchise; through all it's flaws it is still a unique and grand game (don't get me started on the DLC), and hopefully CA can escape the clutches of SEGA to do what they do best."
,Recommended,325610,14678672,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Lumpybutt,"Started as the Eastern Romans, then proceeded to raze africa and what part of my empire I had in the east. figured it would help with my faction problem. After settlements finished razing I received a notice that I was at the verge of rebellion. looked at my capital to see that it was at -139 happiness per turn. Next turn came and every province that I had left started their own rebellion, Civil war erupts within 3 turns of game. Rebels were to strong for me and with the help of the nomadic tribes I was destroyed in less than 10 turns10/10 won't raze again"
76561197989467032,Not Recommended,325610,14935131,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,PROSTATUS,IT'S SO HARD TO PUT A POSITIVE OR NEGATIVE REVIEW ON THIS GAME BECAUSE IM STILL STUCK IN THE MIDDLE WEIGHING IN ON BOTH NEGATIVE AND POSITVE STUFF IN THE GAME AND IT HAS A LOT OF BOTH! THE MAIN NEGATIVE THING ABOUT THIS TOTAL WAR IS THERE IS NOT MANY FACTIONS THEY WANT YOU TO PAY 8$ FOR PACKS OF 3 FACTIONS NOW THE PROBLEM WITH THAT IS THE DLC ISNT EVEN WORTH A DOLLAR ITS CONTENT WE SHOULD ALREADY HAVE WITH THE BASE GAME SO BEING A MONEY MAKING SCAM THERE! NOT A FAN OF THAT APPROACH CA. MAIN POSITIVE THING I FOUND WITH THIS GAME IS THE FAMILY TREE! THERES NO REASON ROME 2 SHOULDNT OF HAD THAT FEAUTURE. ANOTHER POSITIVE IS THE BATTLES AND SEIGES ARE WAY SMOOTHER NICER COMBAT A++ THERE. NOW CA NEEDS TO CHANGE IT UP AND DO A TOTAL WAR ROMANCE OF THE 3 KINGDOMS CHINA OR SOMETHING ENTIRLEY NEW TIRED OF SEEING EUROPE OVER AND OVER AND OVER THEY JUST CLONE THE MAP CHANGE LIKE 2 CITIES DONE EZ NO WORK PUT IN.
76561198045930029,Recommended,325610,15250568,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Ludwig Boltzmann,"Get Radious mod + Radious units mod + radious blood mod, it pretty much fixes the game and adds alot of units for the factions and the blood mod makes it so that you dont have to waist money on it from CA"
76561198143304232,Not Recommended,325610,15257477,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Silver Rising,As much as I loved the Total War series I just couldnt get into this on. my opinion is Rome was the best and after that its just been going down..
,Recommended,325610,15257720,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,[OG]Wulf,"Huns occupied my capitol, burnt it down and then built tents in the ashes.10/10"
76561198024504308,Not Recommended,325610,15245302,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Xxang,"Kind've buggy, might be better to buy later. If you want the full game you would have to wait like Rome II."
76561198006881773,Recommended,325610,20293913,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Fennris,The unit variety feels a little shallow but this is still a fun Total War game. There's a sort of calming zen to assaulting a settlement and burning every single building.
76561198051245201,Not Recommended,325610,20298675,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Squish,"As a fan of the series i really wanted to see these points listed in majority of reviews by now :-Game feels like a Rome 2 expansion rather than a game in its own right.The graphics got better,some game mechanics were changed for the better but that is not worth the price they ask for it. Same annoying lines at diplomacy screen,same alien interface in faction screen-Culture packs. Come on,you want to make a quick buck at least try to show a bit of decency by making those cultures really unique instead of just unlocking the♥♥♥♥♥♥that was already part of the main game!-AI turns are still too long. Not as long as at launch of Rome 2 but still long enough to feel every single one."
,Recommended,325610,20279196,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,tactics93,"Let me start by saying, i love this game, given that i havent played alot of Total War, im pleasently surprised, however...The mechanics allow for too much NPC pwnage, like for real when the huns show up in the campaign, unless your Caesar himself your probably gonna get owned through sheer numbers alone, also the diversity of infantry stances is pretty limited, but really my biggest complaint for this game is the unrealistic way that other (states if you will) will attack you, its like you went around and ♥♥♥♥ed every generals mother on the map because they will attack you.. aallll the time, relentlessly, to a point where raising a decent army and keeping it beyond five rounds is hard, enough to take away from the pleasure of playing the game, for real, im sick of getting raided by five different countries 3 turns into the ♥♥♥♥in game, dont make it easier, but make it more realistic, if possible.I give it a 7/10 i would give it 9/10 if you can change the ruthlessness of the computer in campaign mode."
76561198020216038,Not Recommended,325610,20278209,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,dan5753,I have been playing total war since Rome 1 and am very disapointed in the direction it is moving in.Attila had a lot of potential but a terrible building system that disincentivises upgrading and limited army rosters make it a frustrating experience that quickly becomes boring.Not to mention the stupid amount of DLC.
76561198007043901,Recommended,325610,19752324,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Sir Englitch Ficklebottom,Bought this game for the sole reason to get that sickass Lord of the Rings mod. Not for the actual game. That way I don't have to buy that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Warhammer game coming out soon.best game over? no.Best Idea ever? yes.
76561198017857846,Not Recommended,325610,24137019,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,muti,"Running under linux:Same time playing the game and watching loading screens, very badly optimized for Linux.No mod support for linux (tried with both scripts, no luck there, always crashing).Horde encampement-stance is so badly implented, you can't see how much you can move with other stance before encampement becomes unavailable and if it becomes your growth will cripple badly. So load and try again. Your moving is slow because you need to keep little bit extra because encampement.Upkeep costs are again too high and under Linux mod support is abysmal, you can't do anything to it."
76561198107640915,Recommended,325610,24136074,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,DJensGaming,"If you like large scale war and strategy games than TW ATTILA is somethng for you. If you already know TW games, you should know by now there is a large amount of mods wich make the game better. I recomend mods because the base game can sometimes be unilateral."
76561198026161976,Recommended,325610,24139908,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,CheckMate,So I bought attila with a few dlc factions and started out with the viking being from the north myself and i noticed i was in bad terms with almost everybody and i always lost battles simply because i didnt have enough troops compared to nearly everyone. I was so amazed because i thought i was just too rusty from not playing rts games. But then i noticed my only objective...survive until year *** and then i realised. It was one of those sitsuations. 10/10 would buy this again :D
,Recommended,325610,24106309,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,SturmRatt,"If you wish to play as a Mongol style horde, this is pretty much the best way to do it atm. Not much has changed from Rome II than the horde and raze mechanic, most factions sport similar units and you will see a lot of legionaries. The other type of army mainly consists of Horsearchers and lancers, and if you wish few infantry supporting a siege engine (onager most likely)."
76561198271995217,Recommended,325610,24118605,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Jack Sparrow,"great game! unit collision is practically fixed, graphics look sexy."
,Recommended,325610,24059165,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Elenilson,It just dont register any mouse clicksEdit:Now it register.
,Recommended,325610,24347212,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Mr. Dear,"Get this if you like LOTR or GOT, LOTR mod is coming and Winter has come, as have I. Enough said."
76561198006783806,Recommended,325610,18748843,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Rockom,"A good game, but far from exceptional. Very expensive for what it is.Crusaker King II for 10 bucks is a must if you like the political intrigue and diplomacy. I would seriously like a Total war game with the Paradox ingame dept."
76561197976932966,Recommended,325610,22491371,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,",.","Well, it has big problems sure, but after playing that awful new mess of CA's the people ought to know what an actually fun total war game is like.Fall of the Samurai (with bayonet mod for immersion and realism) Shogun 2, Attila, Empire, and Rome II's Hannibal at the gates + 2nd Triumvirate Civil War campaigns are the best or most enjoyable total war games you can currently access.If only to say something new, This is INARGUABLY the best arrow, javelin, and throwing axe death impact simulator of all time. Watching a good storm of ranged fire is absolutely sublime, especially up close.With forced hardware AA on (not an in-game setting) and the blood + gore dlc this is the best looking rts currently available, and the greatest late antique/early medieval war simulator we are likely to see for a very, very long time."
,Recommended,325610,23149128,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,nguyenhu,Damn Huns.
76561198263759046,Recommended,325610,19524221,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,TURK,turkısh power!!!
76561198047567253,Recommended,325610,23740644,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Pepsi Max,"This game has destroyed my life.I have an Arabic spice empire that were dominating the trade industry, furs, lead, spices, you name it.I was allied with the Persians next door until they became jealous of my healthy profits and betrayed me, showing their true colors. This ended up with me at war with 3/4's of the Middle East by proxy.10/10 would recommend."
76561197984978539,Recommended,325610,20710284,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Kr3posT,"IMHO best out of all Total Wars series. Trully imersive and rewarding. Fights are finally enjoyable due to new morale system, when you can if mastered route full stack enemy army with your half stack army on legendary difficult."
76561198193048661,Recommended,325610,21106256,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,arrozy,i love this game and the good thing is there a medieval mod comin out for it so its goin be even great.if you like big armies and lots of death then you should get it recommend 7/10
76561198097747879,Recommended,325610,21127174,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Tyrian,"Why can't I open and play this anymore? it kept on saying that its failed to start the game. I'm on windows 10. I liked this kinda of game, but why... -_-"
76561198007739532,Recommended,325610,21130045,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,SrchKnight,". If you are new to Total War games, you would need to read the help data and listen to the advisors. For the experienced player, wining with difference factions will always provide challenge and entertainment. You’ll never get tired of playing this game. Large campaign scenarios will take a long time and sometimes seem repetitive. However, the realtime battle gameplay is lots of fun and one of the most realistic of this genre. Overall rating = 9.0"
76561198280493633,Recommended,325610,21399263,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,ProsperousMountain,"I haven't played it much, but it seems like a huge expansion on the Barbarian edition of Rome I. Not that that's a bad thing. The battles are really good but the campaign is different(I'm a little rusty). Good game though, especially If you like micromanaging or Total War in general."
76561198006842978,Not Recommended,325610,21387482,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Sacae,Game crashes at start of campaign. This is why Creative Assembly should let Feral handle their Mac ports because they are awful at it.
,Recommended,325610,21379649,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Bad Blood Bear,Good value for both time and money. Make sure your pc can run it though.
76561197999717387,Recommended,325610,21403398,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,OGHF-deathadder,hi yes i liked playing attilla for free waiting for warhammer in april. thanks . deathadder
,Recommended,325610,21374701,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Marie Smalley,"This game has had a lot of negative response but It is far different that rome 2 and they have improved on it greatly. Although you could say that this was the patch that rome 2 needed but it was made into a game to make big bucks.Overall though, this game is bloody great and the setting is thoroughly interesting at the downfall of the most powerful empire in Europe.  Religion has torn the world apart but a new threat has arisen among the Roman chaos. The huns. A merciless barbarian faction whos only purpose is to slaughter all who thrive in the known world. prepare yourself m8...9/10 not ign"
76561198165999134,Recommended,325610,21373141,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,The_Scone_Survivor,"Having put 8 hours in I feel it is okay for me to at least give my input on Attila. I have played both Rome II and Attila and I can say that Attila is a far superior total war game. Although the time periods are different, the feel of Attila, to me, adds so much more to each battle. The enemy is smarter than Rome. The grit is much more real. With the blood DLC you can feel each strike of the weapon. There are many more reasons that this game is better than Rome, unfortunately I am pressed for time and will end here."
76561198072726288,Not Recommended,325610,21451438,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Ito,new update and that new free faction is dumb pointless to use i hate the fact that how those a small faction can make 20/20 units i have never make that many in shogun total war Total war star making the games right and no a small faction with 1 settlemt making 20 units overy hate it and well attila is much better than rome 2 hate how generals die to fast in rome whats the point of diplomacy if u cant do much like vassal declar war on u to easy cant do nothing to keep them weak and make them go to war when i want to any time and if they weak should not rebel to me very fast though and Good thing that in Attila faction do have decend army and no like Rome 2 that many faction sucks no armor unit are weak
76561198006906561,Not Recommended,325610,21327504,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,mastnico,"ik probeer al 2 maanden lang total war Attilla tespelen  maar steam zegt steeds dat mijn videokaart te oud is  ik begrijp dat niet ik heb een medion akoa  met 2 gig videokaart 2 jaar oud  ik voldoe aab alle systeem eisen,maar na die verrekte update an windows 10 doen 30 van de 60 spellen het niet meer ook atilla en totaL WAR eMPIRIUM EDITIE EN U ZELFS sID mEIER 5ATTUILLA IS EEN SLECHTE KOOP WANT JE MOET DE VEEL TE DURE dCL ER BIJ KOPEN.eN VANDAAG OOIK ZEGT STEAM WEER JE DRIVERS MOETEN EEN UPDATE HEBBEN ,MAAR IK HEN MNET MIJN RADEON WEER GEUPDATE  EN WEER DOET TOTALwAR aTTILLA HET NIET IK DENK DAT IK MIJN GELD TERUG WIL,WANT ZE HELPERN JE OOK NIET ECHT EN IK WILDE NOG WEL cHARLES mAGNE KOPEN nu dat gaat mooi niet door."
76561197970520512,Not Recommended,325610,21435765,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,pawelnsa,Title should be more like  Total Management: Atilla.  This game is more about managing your cities that previous Toal War games.
,Not Recommended,325610,21433115,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Glassman823,"While I enjoy the game, it's a DLC simulator. Rediculous how much you have to pay for the complete game. SEGA, you should be ashamed."
76561198074684509,Recommended,325610,21443387,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Celdaric,"It is a good game, it did not have those annoying bugs that Rome 2 suffered from during its first months.And if you are playing as Western/Eastern Rome, prepare for a terrible terrible experience. Not as in a poorly made experience, but as a mentally challenging one, as you will have to watch your glorious empire crumble xD It really captures how it was in history during this time.The only sad thing about this particular topic is that you do not get a small Roman Faction to build a large empire with, you only have these 2 giant ones that slowly crumbles.The return of the family-tree and all the new political options you have with it is really nice, 10/10 for that.Little sad with so many faction-DLCs, that is something that could have been reduced I feel. But then again if you do not want to pay more, you don't have to, the base-version offers plenty as it is.However, the campaign-packs are awesome, both The Last Roman and Age of Charlamagne is fantastic, well worth the money :DOverall a very good game, will most certainly recommend it :)"
,Recommended,325610,21417380,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,"I'm Nuclear, I'm Wild",">be Lakhmids, religion: Greek Christianity>abysmal public order due to faction trait: crippled by religious diversity>broke due to neighboring Arab Jews faction refusing trade with me>okay, let's convert to Judaism. Moses was a cool guy eh, now pls trade.>conquer the Ghassanids, because the only other city, Yathrib (Medina) is a desolation>public order plummets due to population shift, now has Greek Christians majority>suddenly horde of Tanukhid thugs raid my territory>can't declare war against them because I'm a Persian puppet state>public order plummet due to Tanukhid raiding>my Persian overlord declares war against Eastern Rome>forced to conquer Nova Trajana Bostra (Basra) otherwise the Persian will hate me for not being Zoroastrian>it's worth mentioning that through all this, the Persian constantly insult my Arab-ness>anyway, public order plummet due to now also having Latin Christian and Greco-Roman Pagans in the population>Judea rebel against Eastern Rome, establish capitol in Aelia Capitolina (Jerusalem)>public order plummet in Palaestina even more>suddenly the Hira Dam broke, severely gimping my war-making ability>doomstack of Eastern Roman army appeared outta nowhere, killed my best general and his army on their way to steam roll Palmyra and Judea>My trade partner the Himyar (Yemen) declare war against me and I have no money to hire mercenaries to stop them>gg no re200 million horsemen/10, Bashar al Assad simulator 2016 CE."
76561198042482974,Recommended,325610,21467815,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,tkdmaster777,"Damn, in my opinion the best looking Total War game yet. Highly recommend it considering how addicting the campeign is."
,Recommended,325610,21453250,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,generalvotox,DE LO MEJOR UNO DE MIS JUEGOS FAVORITOS DE TOTAL WAR!
76561198007103898,Not Recommended,325610,21454414,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,ELPRESIDENTE,got the game on sale and 1 dlc all together was 13 something dollars i want my money back c/a
76561198092150357,Recommended,325610,21358200,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,fatboy12stone,"played this gae and actually loved it, but lately it seems to be given me a problem that no other total war game is, it will freeze after the first turn i make in the campaigns.it is such an annoying problem and i have uninstalled and reinstalled many times, it used to work perfectly but recently it just does freezes the picture but not the sound and i have to reset my computer."
76561198006582789,Recommended,325610,21587860,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Muertington,"Like eating a half rotten fruit. Some parts are still tasty, some parts will make you puke.It comes with a family soap opera/dating simulator.Recomended but with quite some aprehension.Has better gameplay mechanics and more interesting locations than the generic ones in Rome 2.But I still prefer Rome 2."
,Not Recommended,325610,21588300,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Apauldd,"Get Rome: Total war II instead. much better and cheaper. This game just feels like a re-skin with "" Features"" that are trivial at best."
76561198261325888,Recommended,325610,21573810,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,ZanderTheGreat,Great game!
,Recommended,325610,21578430,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Mikune Folf,"This is one of the best Total War games I have played in ages. I just love this period as the boring Romans are slowly disappearing and we can play as other cultures other than generic Greeks, Romans or ""Gauls"". Works great, no bugs in nearly 200 hours. Yeah they scrounge money with DLC but if you love their games like I do then it's worth it."
76561198111467822,Not Recommended,325610,20221949,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,huntersw2,"Can't really say yes, can't really say no. Graphics look great, AI is a lot better in campign, and burning settlments looks great. Problem is needs a bit more optimization. Way to many factions hidden behind a paywall. Multiplayer needs slight balancing still. Requires a few more patches. Sometimes can't change factions in multiplayer, nor does matches start. Without starting a new room. But gonna give this one a thumbs up. Since it is similar to Rome II but a lot better. Forgot to mention all the cheating. Honestly, Huns spawn unlimited amount of times till you kill attila. That is not possible till the year 420. Not to mention he is god or something after i crush his army the first time kill him. He some how survives. And for every stack of huns you destroy the magically get a new stack. On your border or in your territory which is just cheating . CA really needs to think of something more challenging and realistic then that garbage.EDIT: But seriously CA or Sega. Which everyone of you came up with this DLC policy. With all the factions hideen behind a paywall. Let this be the last time it happens. IT was positive but.......... the unbalanced multiplayer gives it a negative. Just seems like factions arej ust good at one thing and one thing only. While in Rome II the faction you chose could at least come up with  a winning strategy. Because it might have crappy swords or something but always had a unit with staying power to outflank the enemy units........... Here its just.......... a matter of figuring out which faction kills which. Thus making it a learn game. By learning i mean learn which faction is lacking in what department sos you know which faction to pit against yoru oppenent. Kind of takes away the strategy part IMO."
76561198140032814,Recommended,325610,21590135,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,teoskyblue,"great game,i dont know if it is just me tho,but only with the huns the singleplayer campaing feels natural :3"
76561198034908066,Recommended,325610,21624002,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Imperial Guard,"It has taken me a long time to get here but I think its a good solid game. Not Rome I legendary but certainly good.It has taken a long time partly because the initial gameplay was poor and overly confusing. As a Total War fan and veteran it took way more time for me to learn this game than any other. It also took substantial work by the dev to finally get some semblance of balance to the game (although there are some issues yet remaining).For Total War Vets and Pointers in general:if you want to create an indomitable empire and kick every single butt, then this isnt the game to do that inits a lot more preservation oriented in the gameplay especially the Roman EmpiresThe Barbarians are coming and they will sack and raze the heck out of your territories and cities even those with whom you are not at war (they will still raid your territory)it requires much more balancing of politics, food supplies, public order, and squalor (Which I found to be a plus)its not like other Total Wars where you build a few buildings and you'll never need to worry about public order again, public order changes and so does squalor and food suppliesits also not like Rome II where you just kick butt and politics basically goes in your favor, you actually have to watch the political side of thingsalso you can't just build building and get rich, you have to work at creating cash flowthe Huns are pretty ridiculously powerful FYIOverall:it takes some time to learn even for TW veteransit actually takes some management and and maintenance to succeed unlike other total warssimply building the Biggest army and moshing over everyone isnt an effective strategy in this one so yeahdont even bother with all the overpriced DLCs (ive played the game fine without them)GET IT ON A SALE, dont pay full price for this game because youll feel guilty about those wasted dollarssome polishing should have been done earlier in the dev process and some work could still be donewould stil lsay its a good game, not great but good"
76561198051077655,Recommended,325610,21624019,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Ciaphas,"I love this game.Also people need to learn that CA is not the ones behind the dlc but sega. It is segas policy to make things that sould be in the game dlc, dont blame CA"
76561198213354232,Recommended,325610,21620030,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,aranlovestits,Great game you really don't notice time going...
76561198041200927,Recommended,325610,21620830,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Brick,Not as good as the legendary rome 1 but it's still better than the other total war titiles by far
,Recommended,325610,21610083,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,The Apocalypse Shovel,"Rome 2 with more features, including the return of the family tree, horde mechanics and more. Definitely improved by easy to install mods, but a decent game on it's own."
76561198002139815,Recommended,325610,21124486,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,B.Est FOE,"Total War: Attila managed to balance challenge, complexity, historical accuracy and fun. My main complaint about Rome II is its the simplicity, especially in what concerns to politics. But in Total War: Attila CA proved that it's possible to implement intricate elements in the game without compromising fun. I'm talking about things like the amazing family tree, governors and the diplomatic personalities. There's are also new asthetic elements that bring more immersion to this game when compared with Rome II, such as the UI, civilians on the battlefield and siege escalations."
,Recommended,325610,21269489,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Brian,"Never played Rome 2, past a few skirmish battles, so I am not put off by the similarities of Attila to it.I love Total War games. Ever since my Mom bought me the original Shogun back in the day before I had internet in my house. I would lose hours and hours of my life to it. Attila has done this for me again. I sometimes refuse to play it on workdays becuase I lose track of time so badly.Can't wait for Warhammer, if Attila is anything to go by."
76561198054676804,Recommended,325610,21295460,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Derbenboy,Awsome just Awsome
76561198054990853,Recommended,325610,21293946,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Arbok,Attila total war? more like♥♥♥♥♥♥total war
,Not Recommended,325610,21300433,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,ParadoX,"For mac users: DON'T BUY! The game chrashes in almost any situation. After cutscenes, In loading screen, Mid game,  when starting campaign, etc. Especially don't buy it if it isn't on sale. I bought it on sale and as you can see i've spend hours trying to figure out a solution for this problem. So this game shouldn't be bought unless you have a Windows computer. Luckily i have a windows computer which i will try the game on, but if they say there's support for mac, they better create it. I will be updating this when i've tried it on windows:"
76561198000392074,Recommended,325610,21299701,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Gestaltzerfall,"$100+ for this game and all DLC is ridiculous, ~$30 for EVERYTHING (like the sale that it's on right now) is fantastic, so there you goGame is a little weird compared to Shogun 2, though, battles feel like they last forever and melees are really hard to gauge. Feels like just throwing units at each other and eventually one side routes. Campaign play is cool though"
76561198119848114,Recommended,325610,21290526,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Alexandar_K,"Fun to play if given enough time to enjoy a realistic strategy game.Factions downloaded as DLC is discouraging.But diplomatic system may be discouraging also, like puppet states declare war on you even if they can choose not to enter war and just stay neutral at least.Still an enjoyble game when the heat is on."
,Recommended,325610,21284242,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Glorfindel,Mixed but worth it
,Recommended,325610,20384765,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Duckroll,"Starvation and Civil Disorder Simulator 2015. Would love to actually play a battle at some point but 95% of the game is hitting next turn and trying to keep your provinces from rebelling.Edit: After going back and playing Rome 2 again, I can see Attila and it's expansion are actually much more polished. I recommend buying it just for the AOC expansion. AOC is almost a medieval 3, but you should use mods to beef up the unit rosters."
76561198001697331,Not Recommended,325610,14522700,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Colbey,The games AI is terrible and the DLC's are horribly overpriced.
,Not Recommended,325610,21936464,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,habbalah,"Don't bother.  If you want to play a game like this, then just play Total War: Medieval 2.  Much better game."
,Recommended,325610,22506985,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,JB.JajeBooo,"Just like Rome II, this game is fantastic with mods. Now that being said, the ""Age of Charlemagne"" dlc is considerably better than the base game. I've put a lot of time into this game, most of which was worth it. I've been playing practically nonstop ever since I purchased AoC.My suggestion, pick it up when it is on sale, check out some AI overhauls and unit roster expansions, and definitely pick up Age of Charlemagne.Base game: 7/10With mods & user-created content: 9/10"
,Recommended,325610,22554113,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,AGGRO,This game got really good around 900 hours
76561198011611526,Recommended,325610,22554196,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Skelgor,Just totalwar goodness
76561198055863344,Recommended,325610,22531644,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,LionZ,"Very good game, just needs more content straight off the bat. It's the best since Shogun 2. Rome 2 sucks."
76561198055921635,Recommended,325610,22482903,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,tokey,BEST EVAH
76561198067117987,Recommended,325610,22498647,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Barrelrider712,"Killed Attila, I only♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥him off"
76561197972264606,Not Recommended,325610,22611858,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Thermal-CL,"Attila: Total CrushI use to play in legendary, but the crushes are so frequent and catastrophic that it erase the last saved game you have. In legendary difficulty it means that you lose all the advance. I resembles the Total War: Empire."
,Not Recommended,325610,22586697,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,LeOrangeMan,"this game is a ♥♥♥♥ing piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ if you want a good game that is not unnesesarily complex, graphically boring and oppressive, terribly designed or low performance, try these games:-rome total war: barbarian invasion-shogun 2-medieval 2"
76561198279101246,Recommended,325610,22593143,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,vitaliy.k.us,Awesome game.
,Recommended,325610,22597892,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Hillz Killers,ive played basically nothing on this but i wish i could play a demo of this
76561198011062159,Recommended,325610,22577828,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,kjenkins898,game is very choppy. dosnt work well on my new pc rome plays perfect though ........ very good potential
76561198009980838,Recommended,325610,22372880,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,theocleave,good.
,Recommended,325610,21447734,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Cedjoe,Better than Global Offensive
,Recommended,325610,22410057,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Maltese_killer,"Total War is a series I absolutley love, and I`ve been playing their games since I was 12 years old. Although I think that this game is a very good and strong iteration, I feel that lately they`ve been releasing the games without properly testing them. I bought this game a couple of months ago and while keeping the same PC specs it is only with the last update that I felt that I came actually play this game. I found this quite frustrating, as I do not expect this from a brand which always released solid titles (in my opinion). Other than that I found the game pleasing on the whole and I absolutely love the new machanics which were introduced especially the AI imrpovment !!"
76561198065253688,Recommended,325610,21499728,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Karliosis,"I'll immediately say that you should under no circumstances buy this game or any of the numerous DLCs at full price, if you do, you're being robbed!With that out of the way I can say this is a solid Total War release. The gameplay is generally similar to Rome II, so if you're familiar with that it won't take too much effort to adapt to the new features in Atilla. The campaign map has seen the most change, with features such as sanitation, settlement razing and religion adding new depth to strategy. Also making a return (thankfully) is the family tree, and management of generals/governers.The battles are very similar to Rome II, no surprises as the game is built more or less on the same engine. Performence still could use some work however, as larger battles can reduce framerate significantly.Fortunately this game was also much more polished on release when compared to previous titles. Although some bugs have sprung up here and there, it wasn't a total mess.There is plenty of content here, even in the base game, and if you're willing to fork out a small fortune, there is a further fortune of content to be found in the DLCsTo sum up:Pros:-New features-Family tree returns-Solid release (compared to past titles)-High replayabilityCons:-Terrible DLC marketing formula-Not amazing optimisationVerdict: 7.5/10 (only if bought on sale!)"
76561197992317720,Recommended,325610,22322385,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Ganja{8th},love this game and series. but user workshop adds a whole new level of total war.
76561198068581682,Recommended,325610,22637902,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,BlueSigma2,Game isn't bad. Actually really good and really fun. Optimization sucks though.
,Not Recommended,325610,16845611,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Promethean,"Edit: I've got my edit of when it was a thumbs up, to a thumbs down now. Above the line is thumbs down, below was my thumbs up.I'm so done with TW being a disappointment and their DLC being a disappointment. It's obnoxious. Then I hear my friend make excuses like ""Oh it wasn't in their budget"". How wasn't a critical part of the game in their budget? Do yourselves a favor, migrate (har har Attila) to Paradox and their grand strategy games._________________________________________________________________I'm a huge fan of Total War. Let me start off by saying, CA is dead wrong in how it approaches DLC, I do not recommend buying this game unless its on sale, I don't even recommended buying all of the DLC unless its on a huge sale, and I think its a horrible way to conduct business. The original TWs, pre-DLC madness, were far fuller games, and when you got expansion packs, even moreso. Rome TW, the original, had an immense amount of diversity that you have to pay significantly more for in most modern TWs.WITH ALL THAT SAID,Attila is one of the best recent releases. I initially didn't care for it and thought I had been robbed by CA once again after the Rome TW 2 disappointment and the lackluster AI of Shogun TW2. Yet after it had been patched up, along with some DLC (on sale), it has made up for it. The horde mechanics are great, the diplomatic mechanics are great, and how the interplay works is beautiful. I think that the amount of fertility damage in North Africa due to climate change may be too much, but that lacks compares to how much time I've had enjoying it. I recommend it, only because it was so much better than Rome TW 2, significantly so that I open up the Emperor Edition and go, nah, then open Attila and gleefully resume a 200 turn campaign I've been working on.I am literally only recommending it on its Merits and that barely pulls it through, cause CA is a damned thief that hasn't done anything significant outside of Attila, and Rome TW 2 was the biggest disappointment.Buy on sale, buy the DLC on sale, never pay a full dime, hide your kids, hide your wife, cause they robbing everybody in here."
76561198038339037,Recommended,325610,22715190,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Jbirdsgaming,First time to total war. this game perfect for me something to tie me over until total warhammer comes out.
76561198180565794,Recommended,325610,22731096,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,HordegruntTV,i think people who have already played other games from the total war franchise should get this game but its not a good game to buy if you havent already bought better total war titles like medieaval 2
76561197998854193,Not Recommended,325610,22654492,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Bad Touch,"Mainly down voted due to the bs dlc. Spend money for blood in a war game?!? Also i just couldn't get into it like I did with shogun 2 even though it's older. So if you loved that one, chances are you wont like this one. Not worth the money in my mind."
76561198069235906,Not Recommended,325610,22649571,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Srhdawg,"I played the game 2 words, it sucked."
76561198012013461,Not Recommended,325610,22670340,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,jhbethea,"Wow, I'm struggling to understand a game designed with an AI that always knows where I am.  It's not challenging when there is no fog of war, just annoying, and this brainless programming  shows how just low the TA games have fallen since Shogun 2,  More interested in selling DLC than making a game that works I reckon."
76561198020578565,Not Recommended,325610,22638944,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Cuckold McFuckold,It is not as good as Barbarian Invasion in most aspects. I seem to be neutral about it.
,Recommended,325610,22640202,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Boboyaga,GGWP
,Recommended,325610,22631814,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Rachnar the Garbagerrr man,"Except for the early games bugs and all (not being able to play the game AT ALL on release....), this game is AWESOME. Every total war offers more then the previous, and Attila for me is the ultimate total war title (for now at least!)."
76561198008837025,Recommended,325610,22438838,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Swaish,"Since the very first Total War game, I have played every game. This game however, re-invents the strategies of Total War, and adds amazing new dynamics like 'razing', which means this game is unlike any before.Rather than starting small, expanding, building an economic powerhouse and then dominating the world, as was the case in previous games, this game feels more like a constant battle against the decline of your empire (as Romans). I really like this innovative new concept, and find it far more appealing in the long run. For example, I thought I had reached a point where my empire was so big, I couldn't be stopped. Then the bad winters hit. And the plagues. And the nomadic tribes. Then the rebels... you get the idea. My empire started to fall, and many hours later, I have still yet to reclaim all of my former territory.I highly recommend this game. However, it is very addictive!"
,Recommended,325610,15198799,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,SolidSweat,"Its good, but not as good as Rome II.I beleive that taking away the blood and gore ruins the atmosphere of this game.Buy Rome II if you want the best total war experience. (Reveiwed Back in the day)They added the blood and gore pack as DLC, should have come out with the game but its much better now. Its alot harder than most other total war games however the challange is still very well balanced in my opinion.If you like the Total war Franchise you will like this game (Reveiwed Recently)"
,Recommended,325610,22745085,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,sUs mEmE - farmskins.com,Great game m8Love it when the peasents run around the field during a full scale seige. Greatly adds to the realism.
,Recommended,325610,16850949,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Boneless Pizza,"DISCLAIMER: I ACTUALLY LIKE THIS GAME BUT POINTED OUT SOME FLAWS.After playing this game since release day, I feel like its about time I write a review on it.It is just so dark and kinda ""boring"" in a way. Don't get me wrong because I do like someof the things that they added but ths isn't a true total war game. It's more abput surviveor your cows and wals will get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by the Huns. This isn't a ""conquer and prosper"" typewhich I personally like more.Also The Last Roman campaign pack is just a different version the Hannibal at the Gates campaign(which I personally love!!) but with bigger empires which some like but some don't. I don't really like any DLCthat they made apart from the Celts, they got that right.EDIT:Age of Charlemagne is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing, grab it when you can, the unit cards are very nice and the variety of factions is beautiful."
76561198164277064,Recommended,325610,20893331,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Mr Goode the Bad,"I was still playing rome 2 when I got this and was a bit disapointed at first. However after a break from the total war games I'v come back to it and really think it's great. The ablity to mirgrate gives it a more of a sandbox feel but you can still try to keep it historical if you like. (I was the visgoths and sacked rome in 410ad).Good. Family tree is back, map just beautiful, better trade and relationsBad. Battle are a bit quick (however that might be the time period of smaller scale battles and I'd modded rome to slow it down),I'm a total sucker for the rome / greece time period and I still enjoy this. (Lets hope they make a rome 3 and stop butt****ing dragons lol)"
76561198037228623,Not Recommended,325610,18053378,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Wellformed Goat Penis,k
76561198213879740,Recommended,325610,20925538,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,ShiroFD645,"Nice concept, great campaign, challenging battles. A great stratedgy game."
,Recommended,325610,20758727,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Lokiwhacker,The campaign is much improved and I think the navy is more balanced than RTW2. Friendly fire is more of an issue but there are arcs of fire and an obstructed view warning but if you're not careful you can deal a lot of damage to your own troops.
76561197973000485,Recommended,325610,20775158,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Thorstein,The DLC Charlemagne is a big improvement on the original game.  Its worth buying this game in sale and then getting the DLC.
76561198009847370,Recommended,325610,20766878,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,EyesOfTruth,i love this game i dont know what everyone complains about but in my opinion everytime seems to be fixed and working better than any other total war
76561198033410314,Recommended,325610,20792949,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,groki,"I started a few campaigns and moved two of them past Attila. I play on Linux with a three year old laptop, keeping most graphix at 0 except for units and textures who are set on high. I used to play Rome 2 on the same laptop on Win 8. Well, Rome 2 sucked in terms of graphics and overall performance compared to Atilla. Good job CA! Can I please have Rome 2 on Linux pretty please? You guys already promised twice. I spent 50bucks on R2, but I only bought Atilla once it was out on Linux, and on a 75% sale. Count your loss mainly in not supporting Linux at release.In case it matters for the future, I would love a TW Rome to start in 600 BC and end in 1100 AD. With text and scripted details similar to Rome 1 mods like RS or EB. Would even buy a 200 bucks Windoze licence only for playing such a game. Hell I'd buy a new PC altogether. Pretty sure such a game won't happen while Microsoft, Nvidia and Intel call the shots in PC gaming and so .. maybe let us talk/play games again in 3000 AD?"
,Recommended,325610,20672888,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,TAW.net | Mæwile | Recruiting,"the base game is ok, but feels abit lacking, i would give it a 5/10. If your willing to buy all the DLCs, i would say it goes up t a 7/10, but the real awesomeness comes from the mods people have made for it, i highly reccomend you get the radious overhaul and the radious units mod, also i reccomend you try out terminous ageless empires( + units and radious compatibility) nowadays i always play with both of these plus a load of other smaller mods. with these it gives the game almost unlimited replayablity, and i find it hugely fun. 10/10 with mods.although mods to affect frame rate abit. nomatter how good the system, instead of 60 at 4k i get the mid 40s and it stutters abit sometimes when playing with mods. but i dont notice it most of the time.Great game, get it on a sale if you are strained for money because even though the 'culture' packs are overpriced and should have been included in the base game, they add alot more playabliy (especially if you like starting at the edge of the map with the celts and vikings)oh yeah and if you hate wait times, in the base game waiting for the AI to make their turns can be abit of a drag... but clock speed on your cpu makes a big difference. my 5820k at 3.3Ghz the turns were abit long for my liking. but even a smal OC makes a big difference to the wait times. i have it OCd to 4.5Ghz atm and i barely notice the turn times.I also doubt the fact it's a 6 core makes any difference, this isnt a very well optimised game."
,Recommended,325610,20675093,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Useless,Its Okay
,Recommended,325610,20655296,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Dreadful,Vast improvement or Rome II
,Recommended,325610,18765436,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,L4m4p0k3r,"cool game, only bad thing is the limited faction, but overall i can only recommend it.who knows, maybe you learn somethingUpdate 2016.Great dlcs and alot of possiblities when it comes to factions.it is indeed a very enjoyable game, and a must have for someone already liking rome 2.you are only doing yourself a favour by buyingworth all money"
76561198110860187,Recommended,325610,20882246,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Danish,Takes time but is gives more of a challenge and improves on some things that Rome 2 didn't.
76561198044528862,Not Recommended,325610,21488154,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,JasiGVG,Very dissapointed with this game. Basically the same as ROME II just more expensive
,Recommended,325610,21474884,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,TheWalkingDude,"I was very disapointed with Rome 2 at release but with Attilla i was sucked in by the bleak , almost apocalyptic feel of it. Make no mistake , this isnt a TW game that you paint the map in your colours. This is more like survival strategy tbh. The Charlemage DLC should be how R2 should have been. Ignore the Longbeards and the Vikings DLC. The Last Roman is Meh. The Desert  , Celt and Charlemagne DLC is top notch. definitelty recomend."
76561198123502307,Not Recommended,325610,21474004,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,ChonKaDa,"I use iMac 2013, OS 10.9.5The game crashed on the title screen after downloading the new Patch (Salvic Nation Cultural Pack).Then researched on internet seeing many others got crash on loading screen back in 2015 Feb onwards.I only played the game 17 hours and now its crashed. Not sure if it is caused by the new Patch issue or other issues.Tried to pull out all saved files ~/library/The Creative Assembly/Attila/Saves and try to run offline but with no luck.Anyone can help?Very addictive game but at the moment I have to say Not Recommended"
,Recommended,325610,20394811,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Albert,good game
,Recommended,325610,20437686,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,SnoopBoop,"I entered the series with this game, and it was great. It has amazing, realistic gameplay from commanding your armies to leading your civilization. (It's somewhat like the sid meier's civilization series, but more immersive and  instead of watching your troops fighting, you command your legions)9/10 pick it up on sail or for full price"
76561198117185817,Recommended,325610,19094172,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,AtAMiha,I had problems with it but it was yust integrity of game. Now i play it normally and it is extremly good game! Best Total War ever (my oppinion)!=)
,Recommended,325610,20495738,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,bruh,A simply wonderfull game
76561198030699850,Recommended,325610,14553767,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Memes,Total war Attila is a way better game than rome 2. Its like rome 2 but a more polished up version. 69/10 IGN
,Recommended,325610,14554143,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Zeronomus,"The game is much more polished over Rome 2. The politics in Attila are great, they're deep and actions in politics actually have outcomes. Combat feels much smoother and the AI is a massive improvement. Its far more difficult than Rome 2, which can be good or bad, depending on how you prefer Total War games. The research tree is a MASSIVE improvement in my opinion, and it reminds me of the Shogun 2 tech tree. The game looks and plays amazing, and I've discovered few glitches so far besides occasional freezes when starting a new turn.On to the new 'meat' of the game. The destruction aspect is an interesting improvement on Rome 2's. Desolation is really fun, and ravaging your enemies lands to ash is quite satisfying.The Horde factions are, in my opinion, one of the best additions. Roaming across the map, pillaging and ravaging as you go is great fun, and really adds a whole new experience to Total War.I give an 8.5 / 10, could use some more improvements and the AI on the campaign map is, like always, absolutely stupid."
76561198080150444,Recommended,325610,30830500,Posted: 30 March,all,Handifapper,Awesome and stuff
76561198030723295,Recommended,325610,24586669,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Terlin,"What i can say about Rome Attila.     final verdict  Buy if its on sale its 100% worth it now.(THE GOOD)  one it is much more exciting then Rome 2.   Rome2 was good after patched up for over a year but it lacked political struggle.    Rome Attila add it back now family member are very valuable and you are on the constant look out of other powerful characters becoming annoyed with your rule.     Every true ruler in history had to deal with internal problems as well as external.    This game is a good step in the right direction.   Attila adds one more enemy that we today have become aware off.  That is Climate change.     The European dark ages was made darker because of a mini ice age that lasted 300 years or more.      On top of black plague and you can see why it was hard for Anyone to even hold a minor empire together let alone something as huge as Rome.  This makes every choice much more interesting makeing every game a more cacualted game of choices that can change everything.(The worst)   Every single game that even has total war on the title should be meet with suspicion. Due to horrible launches and pay walls. ID recommend wait about 1 year or more before buying any new game coming out other wise you will only see bugs and or problems that should not exist. We are tired of buying alphas game developers we really are!(The bad)One I can say i really wish you could move your capital would not care if there was requirements needed before doing this you will find this annoying as well when you play.Unlike other total war games playing the Rome Faction in this one is like asking to be frustrated because its very hard in comparison to any other game.  Climate ,Enemies, and internal struggle will keep you defensively 90% of the time.  IF you don't defend you ask for total collapse of your empire because every providence destroyed by people like the Huns create unrest in your whole empire.     So don't expect a walk in the park this time.Hordes get away with murder too easily and should also be affected by climate when they are not as much if at all.(the bad in every TW game)The AL is bad  but the AI is always bad never expect this to actually change because even modded AI really don't do it right.  So if your expecting a computer challenge form a total war game.  LOL why are u even playing?Need Role playing to get the most fun out of this game.  Most people are not role players so its hard for them to really get into this due to the limitations of the programing."
76561198070203681,Recommended,325610,25846670,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,weyenbergs,if your new you should buy this game NOW!!!!!!
,Recommended,325610,25806436,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,(ÐÜNË) KeepitSour,"Awesome game!As far as an overall strategy game, Attila has taken a step further from rome 2. The huns and the overall severity of the starting point is fairly challenging in comparison making loss of your faction a real posibility (lost on very hard with huns).Battle has gotten significantly better, but still has a decent ammount annoying glitches. LET ME CLICK ON THE GROUND to set units for defence... the buildings claim i cant put units there but i keep seeing th eenemy flanking my pikes..."
76561198028562349,Recommended,325610,25990939,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Dustykain1,Good game.
76561198006632560,Recommended,325610,25994601,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Mr. Bean,"Total War: Attila is what Rome 2 should have been.  Is it the best in the series?  Maybe, but it is definettly up there.  I have only good things to say about this game so far, with a couple minor nip-picks.  The only thing left that i can say is that i hope CA makes more games like this."
,Recommended,325610,26090268,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,wurmpee,so good
76561197970408117,Recommended,325610,25933706,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,howmaster,"Good strategy game and a nice addition to the series.  This game makes up for Rome 2 as it is much better.  Probably the best one since Medieval 2.  However, there isn't too much that is new here which is kind of a good thing.  A lot of fixes were made and it's a fun strategy game.  My main gripe was continuing with the limitation on armies.  Sure it makes the game more ""strategic,"" but it also takes away from the fun of sending a small group to defend a city or take on a much larger force.  It does make the game more difficult in stretching your forces thin when you hold a vast empire.  Overall this is a fun game and if you're a fan of the series, this is for you, but don't expect any huge leaps forward."
76561198284457205,Recommended,325610,25940483,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Detroitdave,"This game is very interesting to say the least. It is very polished, and gameplay is pretty good, but sometimes things feel a bit clunky, as with most total war titles. The time period is great, and I think that the factions are... decent. I would enjoy a bit more, but you still have enough. The frame rate...... is terrible on a laptop. If you've got a megamachine or a pretty good desktop, you'll be fine though. Altogether, I think this is a great Total War title, and that Atilla is definately above average."
76561198185780219,Recommended,325610,22695539,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,The Filthiest Heathen,"This review is going to come from someone who hasn't played a Total War game in the past and, has little experience with the franchise. If you're an experienced fan of the game, you should probably skip my review.I managed to get sort of a bundle of different Total War games a while back when they were on sale. One of them being this one: Attila. Out of them all this one probably has to be my favorite. This is mostly because I've always been fascinated with this particular part of history though. The fall of the Roman Empire, the invasion of the Huns, the migration of the Germanic tribes, is all packed into one game. So if you're a fan of historical games set in this time period, I'd recommend this to you. My overall opinion about the game it's self is a bit of a mix. There's nothing that's truely spectacular about this game but at the same time I can't think of any negatives either.As I've mentioned before, I have no past experience with Total War games. So when I play the campaign, I lose a lot. That isn't because the factions are over-powered or because the system is broken or anything like that. I just have never played the game before (another thing to note is that I'm not really good at strategy games in general. I don't play them a lot). Even though I kept losing at the campaign, however, I kept wanting to play it more. I liked the mechanics, I liked the factions, and I liked how the game was layed out. If you don't know what ""turn-based strategy"" means, it's basically this: Every faction, including yours, gets a turn to make thier move. It's sort of like a board game. When it's your turn, you can upgrade your settlements, send troops to attack enemies or just move them to a part of the map, and make political decisions like allying or declaring war on another faction. Once you've done all that, you click the ""next turn"" button and your turn will be over. Then the other factions take their turn. The layout of the campaign is very interesting. If I had more time and experience I'd probably get more enjoyment out of it.If you want to get right to the action, however, you can set up a custom battle or go into a multiplayer game. My only issue is that there aren't a lot of servers for the multiplayer. Also, I wouldn't recommend multiplayer for people with no experience to the game (in most cases you'll get rekt a lot by people who are much much better). Custom battles is probably my favorite feature. You can set up your own battles in your own way with many custom features. You can choose which factions to pair against each other, you can pick the weather, the type of battle (Land battle, Naval battle, Siege etc.), the location of the battle, and just have lots of fun simulating a large-scale battle of two of your favorite factions in any ancient war-related situation.As far as graphics and the asthetic feel of the game, there isn't anything too terrible about it. I wouldn't say the graphics are impressive but they're still quite nice. The units and locations seem pretty close to accuracy, though they definitely took some artistic licenses too. The only thing that annoys me is that they released blood and gore and all the other gruesome features of the game as DLC and not a feature already in the base game. The game is set in the dark ages and we have to buy all the blood shed and extreme violence that should have ALREADY been included in the game to begin with? They might as well have made the Huns faction a DLC while they were at it. It's not like the game is called ""Total War: Attila"" or anything.So my over all judgement is this. Is it a bad game? I wouldn't say so. Is it a must-have game of the year? Not really. This isn't a game that I'd so easily buy at full price (obviously to save money but also because it just isn't good enough for me to willingly spend that much on it). If I were you, I'd probably put it on my wish list and wait until they have it on sale. Luckily, on sale they drop the price way down. Which is helpful if you also want to get some of the additional content because most of the DLC packs also drop a lot in price."
76561198061880754,Recommended,325610,30886558,Posted: 1 April,all,seecat46,best stratgy game ever!!!!!!
76561197972673093,Recommended,325610,26202333,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,stalfos,"My favorite TW title to date, next to Medieval II. Unprecedented attention to historical detail. Logical politics and civil wars and a family tree full of intrigue and political actions, combined with an interesting era with a wide range of unique cultural groups to start your campaign with, including migratory and horde factions. The game is challenging on H difficulty and above, and you have a real sense of pins and needles and accomplishment playing on legendary. Well thought out DLC including the dynamic change of setting in Age of Charlemagne. Roleplaying has returned to TW and with the storm of Attila and the Huns approaching, it's never been more fun. Faction marriages, sprawling dynasties, and a alternate history as the bulwark of civilization or to start a new one in it's ashes await."
76561198244299238,Recommended,325610,26204733,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,yooolz,"Overall a great game. I really like the era and the chaos of the time has been well represented throught the game.The AI is not that good, they have to cheat when increasing difficulty and the hun's numbers are monstruous. But this is the case in mostly all the games of this genre it seems no one has cracked the code for the perfect AI just yet.Great game mechanics, family tree makes it more interesting and realistic. A lot of different factions, a big map.A brand new campaign style where you start with the cripled roman empire and you try to survive.I have enjoyed my play time and got to try out some co-ops which are also good."
,Recommended,325610,26202846,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,dylan,"great game , had barely any faults with it , much improved from rome 2 ."
,Recommended,325610,14667041,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Belamarine -Kain,"8.5/10 great game.Many cool new additions battle(fire), family tree,campaign additions(diplomacy) and other improvements. Really feels like the dark ages"
76561198185009807,Recommended,325610,26313554,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Draogonman,i'd recomend this game to players already familiar to the series or in simular stratigie games.this game wont feel complete unless you have all the DLC'S
76561198008487339,Not Recommended,325610,19639556,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,phasmatik,Remember when you could launch a Total War game and be sure it would work? These days are  over. It launches and passes the first turn 1/10.
76561198119126602,Not Recommended,325610,21760586,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,UrbanBoats,So refunding a dlc makes you crash when playing custom battle CA PLS
76561198016269773,Recommended,325610,26333493,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Dik_en_Harig,Great game! Attila is what Rome 2 should have been.
76561198210599029,Recommended,325610,26539412,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,m2782anderson,game looks awsome but it wont start i have the game i push start but it takes really long wont start
76561198006702217,Recommended,325610,25851023,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Philemon,But i really miss all the ingame videos from back in the days when you played rome!
,Recommended,325610,26070653,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,PuppyStomper33,Best in the total war series
,Recommended,325610,26029395,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Busted,gut gayme
76561198048792112,Recommended,325610,26036984,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Schnappiii,"How can this game ever have a bad review.. I've spent wayyy too much time on this game thinking how best to kill everyone. It's too engaging and too life consuming.. playing as a large empire you can end up spending vast amounts of time on a single turn.. THIS IS WAR NOT CHESS! So yeah if you are thinking of getting this game.. Stop thinking and click ""Add to Cart"".WARNING - YOU MAY NEVER SEE THE OUTSIDE WORLD AGAIN - WITHOUT WANTING TO CONQUER IT ALL."
76561198021938849,Recommended,325610,25585897,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Spühen,"Good, if your rig is up to the task.After 400 hours I think I can give a review.IMO its not the best Total War, but it is a strong contender for 3rd or 4th place. Basically all the problems of Rome II are fixed, the campaign, with all the events, climate change and marauding hordes, feel dynamic and are quite challenging. As always the game starts getting good only had difficulties hard or higher, but that is to be expected.The rosters are generally thematic, but varied, even though the rosters of some Germanic factions fall a little flat in diversity and distinctiveness. Instead, play style, starting positions and specializations (like the Naval Supremacy of the Vandals) influence and partially dictate your play style. The Eastern, Nomadic and Roman factions do not suffer from any sort of limited rosters and feel distinct from each other, as well as prior factions of earlier Total War games.The Migrating factions really are an amazing addition, even if they are not as fun to play for some people, they are a great AI addition at worst.The Huns specifically are menacing, but they behave very differently from the Mongols of TWM2. Instead of basically being a natural disaster, they start more like a band of bandits and and ruffians and as they accumulate wealth and have 6 to 10 elite fullstacks around the map they become a real threat to even the most developed empires.Desolation is also a pretty great mechanic, however it should be adjusted with a resettling/ colonization mod, since otherwise whole swaths of the map remain basically empty until the end of the game, which is interesting for some time, but ultimately it adds very little.The unit-balancing is fine, but cavalry seems a little to strong, missiles are very deadly, which is fine and adds a lot of momentum to the battles. Naval battles are actually very fun now and the Naval factions of the game are extremely fun to play. Instead of overloading every ship with an insane amount of commands they are now split into range, ramming and boarding, so that even the AI knows what to do.The modding scene has been very active, so that basically if you like the scenario and can run the base game, you will be able to adjust for all the major problems.However, the game runs better than Rome II, at least for me, but still you will need a pretty strong machine to run it. Many people have complained about performance issues, I can imagine that is a problem of NVIDIA cards.Verdict: Total War fans, with the capabilities of running it, should give it a try. It is basically a remake of Barbarian Invasion. A lot of work went into it and I think it has paid off."
76561198148141671,Recommended,325610,25580868,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,rocketsfan68,"Love the depth, you truly feel immersed as the ruler of a kingdom, the commander of an army, and within the politics and infrastructure of your nation. This game even has a certain degree of customization, you can name your armies, pick their battle standard, choose the traditions such as increased attack, higher income from raiding, decreased to no attrition from winter conditions and much much more. You can also rename cities, and villages. Every decision you make has good or bad consequences. Choosing to name another man within the family tree your heir and disinheriting your current heir causes a drop in loyalty. To much disloyalty can lead to a civil war and a separatist off shoot faction of your own faction. Sacking a settlement vs occupying can get you riches but lead to provincial instability. Moving your army from a city or town to invade another faction or fight a battle can lead to victory and the capture of new lands, yet leaving your lands unprotected open the way for other armies to invade wreaking havoc amongst your lands. This game is all about strategy, well thought out choices, and finding the balance between military, economic, religious, political, and many other things concerned with the success of your kingdom, empire, nation, etc. I recommend this game to any one that enjoys history, watching armies fight bloody battles sometimes down to the last man, and feeling like the ruler of your own faction. I have logged countless hours in this game, conquered 75% of the map as the Saxons, and played several other campaigns as the Visigoths, Picts, Alemans and Langobards, (my favorite factions tend to be Germanic tribes due to their fierce warriors), but all of the factions have their perks. This game can be somewhat unforgiving to new players but if you play on easy and listen to all of the advice and play the prologue you can learn quickly. It took some mistakes and failed kingdoms to teach me a few lessons but this is without a doubt my favorite game and I've owned it for atleast a year or two."
,Recommended,325610,25596717,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,naomha,"It's Total War with the bugs fixed, bugs squashed and plays REAAAAAL nice. Beware, you need a nice rig to get it to look how it should in all its glory."
76561198007332620,Recommended,325610,26106937,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,lions-bane,"Ive long been a Total war Fan since Medievil, I was really looking forwar to Rome II, believing firmly that both Rome and Medievil had been equally excellencet in their own right. This game is great. Ive clocked 105 hrs, and bought it on sale for a low fee. Im currently awaiting the next sale to buy the remaning DLC that im missing but iD say buy this game. If youre a total war fan you wont bee sorry."
,Not Recommended,325610,26124742,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Chancellor.20.Welch,"I enjoy the game, except for the disappointing add-ons you charged me for. Also, I found it extremely irritating when i would win a hard fought siege defense battle by routing every unit except the ship lingering in the middle of the ocean out of range for even my archers. The game didnt recognize I routed ever single unit and would have won the battle but because I couldnt attack the ship the enemy had, I lost by default. This is a very disappointing flaw in the game. Not realistic at all."
76561198299534466,Recommended,325610,24599144,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,BOOM BOOM CHICKEN,LIT AF!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198021613956,Recommended,325610,24677304,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Ericeel,"If you ever have a chance, go back to the original Rome: Barbarian Invasion. The gameplay in my opinion is very different. There are a lot of added features.I will recommend this game, but I'm going to poke some holes in it.The base AI machanic is broken. The AI will just stack armies on their cities, and sit there forever.The unit list from faction to faction isn't too different. But in reality, the armies weren't too much different to begin with.The DLC. In my optinion, there shouldn't any, or as many DLC. If there was, let it be one very big DLC, thats the way it used to be.Now, what other people don't say is this, In the steam workshop, there are thousands of mods for this game.Some are for fun, and others do thier best to fix/improve the game's machanics. There are tons of mods that add so much to the game.I play the game with a lot of mods. It mades the game better then it started out. The mods I use arn't completely changing the game, they are just making it better. Like fixing the AI stacking 5 armies on 1 city.You can put a lot of hours into this game. If you want a true look at the game, go to YouTube, and watch someone play it, both on the map, and a battle.The rest of this is my experience with mods.One thing I will say about the mods. If you are putting mods on, and trying to make your saved game work, you might have some issues, like it not working. It depends on how major the mod is. Also, if you are using mods, never delete a mod while trying to use your save, that will start crashing the game, when you load the save. I've lost 2 saved games I had about 100 hours in both. I know, what it does.My best thing to say is, start a new game if you are going to mod. If mods conflict too much, the game will start crashing in the loading screen (when you start the game). Nothing bad about the mods, this is just my experience, from spending 4 hours trying to figure out why I was crashing. lolOne last thing about adding mods to a modded save. What I did is this, I added a mod, tried to play my save. If it worked, awesome, if it didn't you just remove the mod you just put on and it will work again. :)"
76561198014103314,Recommended,325610,24678015,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,808brotha,if you are a Total War fan  it's awsome!!! If you are new to the Total War ownage then i advise you not to start with Attila it is a different animal then the one before it.
,Recommended,325610,24643839,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Typhus Snekstepper,"The game is fun, good old total war roflstomping. The only glaring issue that makes it all horrible? The voiceacting. It's not its cheesiness that bothers me, but rather that my 40 year old barbarian general sounds like a squeaky intern that barely got into his 20s. Rome 1 and Medieval 2 had good voiceacting, why do the new games get this high pitched trash?"
76561198018320539,Recommended,325610,27539299,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Macflywurst,Simply bloody amazing
76561198252514328,Recommended,325610,27960789,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,DarkLotor,"Może nie tak dynamiczna jak Rzym II i jeszcze bardziej utrudniona ""na siłę"""
76561198333090231,Recommended,325610,27972093,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Pontifex_Maximus,"This game is so instructive. The people who are interested in history will enjoy playing this game, specially the fans of the Roman Empire. It helps you understand the events that led to the collapse of the Roman Empire."
76561198345860593,Recommended,325610,27995326,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ruinedpanda,"Great game that will stand the test of time, truley a spectacle."
76561198083771426,Recommended,325610,27994181,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Z5,i like it
,Recommended,325610,27872843,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,quetzul,Despite what people say this game is alot of fun start to finish
76561198019867605,Recommended,325610,27874535,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,dr_nhl,Best in the series in a long time. Requires a good pc to run though.
76561198062184400,Recommended,325610,27638358,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Doige,"When I thought Rome II meant that I'd stop enjoying the Total War series, this game comes along and competely gets me back into the series."
76561198122593466,Recommended,325610,27746373,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,RyverLethe,Really fun Game. Base is fun but mods make it 10000000000000% better just mods live 1212Ad to make it medival and ancient empires that make it like Rome but a lot better. There is also The Rise Of Mordor mode coming soon that looks amazing
76561198165992670,Recommended,325610,27955396,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ID3®,"Literally write a long♥♥♥♥♥review and it didn't go through so here is my review.Don't listen to most of the people who write these reviews because the don't know♥♥♥♥♥♥about Total War. I have been playing since I was about five or six years old and so I think I should be pretty damn capable at giving you the truth it a quick review of this game.1. Need to improve AI because they are not cooperative unless they are your close allies which means you can't get many more close allies unless you found factions.2. Need more STRATEGIC GAMEPLAY FFS CA. Seriously this game is lacking in strategic gameplay as are many of the newer Total War titles and this needs to be fixed. Furthermore, I understand if CA needs to apply to a less harcore audience but people love freedom and by giving them more options they are sure to love the game and share with their mates.3. Need to reintroduce effective systems that have been forgotten whilst keeping the new ones (this links to 2.) because it seems unrealistic that a province has enough people to produce 8 stacks in about a year.4. Don't get me wrong this is a bloody great game and deserves credit and I definately recommend to you if you don't own it already. The graphics whilst hard to work and optimize and times can turn out beautiful if you know what you are doing.5. Take all of this with a pinch of salt, everyone has different tastes and so think and watch gameplay before you make the decision to buy it. Seriously, if you don't think it suits you maybe you might want to look at the other Total War titles and see if any of them suit your taste, if not don't feel forced to buy it you might regret it.6. If you do play keep supporting CA in making the players come first, once again, I know money is important but you need to remind them that a majority of us are experienced players and want better products, not more of them.7. Finally, if you thought I had some good ideas you might want to check out some other Total War youtubers who have the same good ideas such as The Legend of Total War, Pixelated Apollo, etc.Good Luck, Have Fun and remember treat others as they would treat you (that applies in game as well) if the Romans look like they are gonna jump you, strike first and strike fast."
,Recommended,325610,27955797,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,[SCP]侍Phil295CZ侍[66pp],Awesome strategic Total War game with great DLCs !!!
76561198203946857,Recommended,325610,27479345,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,UchihaSasuke_C92,The best medieval warfare game.
76561197973910446,Recommended,325610,27503438,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Marty Chonks,"First of all, i'd like to say that this game got way too much hate back in the day; mostly for poor opimization (which is probably still it's weakest point, but no where near as bad as it was at begin) and from dlc-haters, especially the cultural dlc's (which i also partly agree with). But these are basically the only negatives abouth this game!The AI (both campaign and battle) is greately improved from Rome 2, this fact combined with additional challenge from the huns and an overal darker atmosphere in the game make for a very enjoyable experience. It's one of the rarer TW titiles where the player actually feel the challenge or even can lose completely if get a little incautious.The grand campaign replayability is very good; those who say otherwise should at least achieve a major victory as WRE/ERE, a migrating nation and the huns/white huns and then look at their steam hours counter. The last roman and age of charlemagne dlc's are a must buy (just wait for a sale if don't want to spend all too much) and a real addition to the game; especially charlemagne could've been easily a standalone title à la ""the last samurai"" for shogun 2.All in all, this game is a hidden gem under TW titles and a potential steal while on sale."
,Recommended,325610,27298701,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,phobiC,This game is so complete and amazing
,Recommended,325610,27301617,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,melontowne,"Haven't truely enjoyed a Total War game since Medieval 2 and still waiting on Medieval 3; fingers crossed. However, this one has got me engauged for the first campaign....dark setting, a weakened empire, opportunity for smaller factions and a need for a slow, methodical strategy. I do love it when you get to the point that you can steam-roll all around you, but it's so much more satisfying when the game hates you in the way that Attila does....Difficult, Slow and oh so rewarding when you pull it off."
,Recommended,325610,27317694,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[VDH] No Swear !!,Well I have fun playing this game.
,Recommended,325610,27600031,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Smokey The Bear,Decent.
76561198295590903,Recommended,325610,27596613,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SK/OB.speagal,Amazing gameplay and the battle system is topnotch
,Recommended,325610,27567521,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,UfotO,Definitely one of the best Total Wars I have played. I strongly recommend this one to all Total War fans out there.
76561198007374586,Recommended,325610,14615839,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Legio_xx,"So with all the DLCs on sale from time to time and all the updates, Attila totalwar is one of the best new Total wars. Playing as the Romans is both epic and tragic. dark with  a chance of light.If its on sale for a good price buy it!Old Review.Changing Review. (game is still Great!) after seeing that the longbeard ""DLC"" (longbeards) was acutally Taken from the game to sell for 8 bucks!.  !!!!8 bucks for a faction already in the game!!!! Its not worth it SEGA is getting super greedy. Still no blood and gore. DO NOT buy this game full price wait for a sale then get it. They are going to squeeze Any penny they can for Almost no work.I wasnt even mad until I saw that they took it out of the game just to sell it back to us. SO im giving it a Neg Review sadly. I feel its the best way to get a point across.That said if you dont care about that the BASE game is worth it. its still well made."
76561198023581928,Recommended,325610,21143583,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,inquisitor T.Caffery,strategy for this game run away from attila forget your citys and run away becuse they have lots of guys and your amry is like not even 500 men stong.this game so good it chagnes things up if you play was rome east or west you have to try to keep what you have from attila  and other big amrys. as attila you don't get citys you get camps all ways on the move to kill who ever gets in your way.
,Recommended,325610,21117525,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,342r34r34r,This game is hard. A lot harder than Rome 2. Don't play this if you're new to the franchise.
,Recommended,325610,21162659,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Wheels,"There's no series like it, and this is one of the best additions."
,Recommended,325610,21159993,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,ray.whiff90,"Good game, previous titles better, and unless they bring out a cheap special addition with all dlc, like shogun 2 gold etc, the dlc is just not worth the extra cash, i have 2 dlc, dont really seem to bring much if any extra to the game,however celts, picts especially, are fun to play, so if any dlc, that seems to be somewhat worth it, when on sale."
,Recommended,325610,14671359,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Cobrawolf,"I like the game. it expands more of the era of the fall of Rome more then 'Rome: Total War; Barbarian Invasion' did. But it has a few problems, mainly the whole ""Driver needs Update"" Bug which is a pain in the rear with the video performance.  another is that many of the fractions are hard to do and their are only three easy fractions.While there are many problems, the game still has many good points, all of which help make this game a good addition to the Total War Saga"
76561198018371850,Recommended,325610,21325804,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,VostokMercenary,"IF BOUGHT ON BIG SALEAt Launch price this really isnt worth it, its just a large DLC for RTW2, Its similar in that way to FotS, but less varied in content. The new nations are nice as are the campaigns, Alot of the culture packs and blood pack shouldnt really be DLC its just greed. But worth it in a sale as mentioned becuase it will satisfy any Total War needs after RTW2."
76561198015636499,Recommended,325610,21859846,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,|FTG| Gattsu,"On a Technical and Gameplay level Attila is far better then Rome II, however Attila suffers from having half of it's content locked behind a DLC paywall.PROS- Far better Campaign map, family Trees, better internal poltics, Better City Management.- Harder to Expand out and become an OP Empire due to more external events happening in the game world- More about Survival and protecting your borders then Dominating and conquering half the map- Better music and atmosphere from Sound Design.- Much Better Battle AI and Path Finding both in battle and the Campaign map. Battle AI has actual intellengence!!- Better Unit Cards and far superior UI- Various factions that are all visually different from one another and play differently.- Less Dependant on Mods to be playable vs Rome II which needed a ton of Mods to be fun and stable.- More Stable, less prome to crashing or glitching out.- Better combat mechanics related to Moral and fire Arrows.- Campaign map and Battle maps are intertwined much more effectivly.CONS- UI bugged out on me a few times forcing me to restart game- AI still has ""Some"" issues i've seen instances were it refuses to move or Clumps together and does nothing at all.- DLC is over-priced (Wait for a Sale and get the DLCs)- Needs a Re-release for 60$ physical copy version with all the DLC (AKA Skyrim Legendary Edition)- Requires a beefy computer (Though if you Can play Rome II, You'll be fine)- Lacks good optimization, aka no 64-Bit support (War Hammer Total War will)Overall, a solid purchase, would recomended it as it's a far better then Rome II by quite a large Margine, it seems they listend to all of the negative feedback from Rome II and made a great game.  Would i buy it? Yeah, i'd pay 50$ for this one, But i wouldn't pay for the DLC at full price. I spent roughly 500 or so hours in Rome II, and towards the end i was getting bored how bad it was. Attila is a fresh change."
76561198032689005,Recommended,325610,21886127,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,A777,9.5/10
76561198023013563,Recommended,325610,21884668,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Nick95,Overall a good game better than rome 2 in my opinion however could be complicating for some. It does need some work on it however you can sort out some problems with mods. The family tree isn't clear on adopted charicters.
76561198090573449,Recommended,325610,21783075,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,danielblawson,"A lot of people complain about dlc scheme. Base game campaign has tons of hours of play, at the time of review 8 hours and have barely stratched the surface with 1 faction. The campagin is extremely fun, aswell as messing around and creating huge battles in custom mode. Maybe 45 dollars is a lot for the content of the base game, but if it is on sale I would highly recommend getting this game. Although there might be a learning cuve, if your new to the total war series and enjoy games like civ, age of empires, etc, you will really like this one!"
76561198158053862,Recommended,325610,21937124,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,VALRAVN,Great game. As all Total War games.
76561198018736203,Recommended,325610,21953022,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Offroadracer1600,Great game. Really brings the depth back into the series. The ai is no joke. I am at war with most of the east in my campaign. Turn 60 and its barely getting started. Well worth the money.
76561198283486370,Recommended,325610,21928645,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Midas,"Well done, i miss the camera though."
76561198025587246,Recommended,325610,21934016,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Ingtar Shinowa,Best Total War game since Fall of the Samurai and an overall step forward from the Rome II disaster.
76561198024345351,Recommended,325610,21821973,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Bad at games,"I'm just going to say that the base game with or without DLC is a lot of F&%#*ing fun. If you're mad at all the DLC and decide to complain that's fine, but you will not change the world on a steam review."
76561198041609585,Recommended,325610,21845356,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Daedalus,"I was very frustrated with the Total War: Rome 2 experience. It felt buggy, the AI was beyond stupid, and the diplomacy made no sense. Coming off the back of Total War: Shogun 2, Rome 2 was a horrible disappointment.Total War: Attila is fantastic experience. It is a huge improvement from what we got with Rome 2 ; Attila is what Rome 2 should have been. The AI is still a little slow sometimes and makes silly tactical decisions, but this is a ""problem"" that has always appeared in the Total War franchise. Overall the game is a rewarding experience. I currently lead the Himyar people as they forge a new Himyar Empire guided by the Judaic religion. Being a jew has never been so rewarding.I recommend people give this game a try. Don't let Rome 2 distract you from what could be an excellent game experience."
76561198024102441,Recommended,325610,21800828,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Amprolog,"DLC are crap but base game plays alot better than Rome II, worth it on sale"
,Recommended,325610,21797034,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Darth Plagueis,Vey good game except for all the culture packs :( is still have to reccomend it becasuse i like it so much
,Recommended,325610,21847569,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Laith,Why so much hate for this game? I mean this is defenitly the best total war game i have ever played so far. Like So much to do. Battles are amzing. Good Looking game. Love it!
76561198005377769,Recommended,325610,15540829,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,ndefisher,"There are way better Total War games....The Good:Diverse Faction: The factions break down essentially into Roman, Barbarian, Eastern, and Steppe. These various groups also break down deeper depending on which faction you choose. I love this part of the game, it is always nice to feel like you are playing not just a faction but as a people with unique traits and units.Really Hard: This game will challenge you, it throws all kinds of twists and turns that make it one of the most challenging TW games out there.The Bad:Impossible to fully ""win"": Eventually in all TW games you can reach a point where you are ""good"". This is the point where you have put hours and hours into the game to finally reach that point where your cities and towns are happpy, you have a large army, and you are well established, that is never the case in this game. Towards the end of my WRE campaign(probably the hardest IMO) I started reaching a point where I would actually hit this point, I had killed Atilla, pushed back the barbarians and even subjugated a few and made them powerful allies, I felt pretty good about where my Empire was going, and then it happened, the game told me I achieved a minor campaign victory and the next turn everyone rebelled against me and my Empire crumbled, I angrily watched as everything I built went crashing down upon itself for no reason whatsoever, this sort of thing has happened several times to the point where I've reached a conclusion, the game will always do this, I then lost any desire to play this game.Late game penalties: There are far to many late game penalties for becoming ""strong"", if you look at your power rating it's actually more beneficial to stay weak then become powerful, you suffer in the long run.Razing settlements is awful: Razing a settlement is only good if you are a horde and even then it's problems make it annoying at best for every settlement based faction, it is basically causing chaos within the games world.To much emphasis on creating problems: I realized that most of the goals in this game involve surviving if you are settlement based or destroying if you are a horde, the horde factions I played as I saw to many disadvantages to becoming settled and so I just raided to my hearts content, never actually finding a need to ever settle.Conclusion:I love TW, I will continue to buy TW but this game gave me no satisfaction at all, most TW games are challenging but give me the satisfaction of becoming a great leader late game while knowing that during the tough early or mid game moments that's what I have to look forward to, I've realized with this game that is not the case. If you are a veteran TW player this game will have you enjoying the new features while hating the impossibility of victory, you should prepare for a long campaign with many ups and downs, but always an eventual down. If you are new to TW play something else, the original Rome 2 Total War that this is based off of was wonderful and there are also some older games that will have you wanting more, but this one? Nah.UPDATE: I had decided that my review may have been unfair due to being based off of a single campaign, I decided to play around on a few others, my conclusion? I love it.Why? Because while the WRE campaign is extremely hard there are other campaigns that are incredibly fun, picking a Norse faction will allow you to simply run around the map raiding other territories in a horde or based out of a city, I raided town after town before setting up an empire based in various towns and port cities around the map, using these to launch raids against major factions that were breaking down.I also tried the WRE campaign with a mod or two, the mods make it a lot easier to manage the tough campaign. I would also recommend playing as the ERE before the WRE to get used to managing a large empire as it is quite a bit easier.At the end of the day this game was in fact designed to be incredibly hard end game but after playing some other factions I've realized that this is in fact a great addition to the TW series and makes me excited for their next installment, Warhammer: TWNote: This is my own opinion, feel free to message me if you have questions or would like to discuss the game, or tactics that I used, also I would recommend watching Warrior of Sparta videos as he is pretty good at recommending strategies to use for this game."
76561197977513914,Not Recommended,325610,14740815,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,WorrLord,"After approx 200 hrs of game play I am certainly not satisfied yet. From the absolutely unbalanced AI, being unable to gift regions, lack of diversity in unit types. Fun? Absolutely. However, the replay value is slim due to very early and easy Roman fall and no co-operation from AI allies or subjugated factions.I, personally, would consider waiting until the game has been polished and CA begins to implement us fan boys requests."
76561198008228857,Recommended,325610,16787478,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Ambrose Burnside,"although the unit balancing could use some work, the campaign is one of the better ones."
76561198051823820,Recommended,325610,16787498,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Lkryger,its good game
,Recommended,325610,16788451,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Lacce,"Awesome, less bugs, improved diplomacy - compared to Rome 2. Actually Rome 2 should have been released at least like this.Still Shogun 2 is best of the recent Total War games."
,Recommended,325610,32035223,Posted: 28 May,all,الفهري_,Gembel....
76561198132797486,Recommended,325610,32047991,Posted: 29 May,all,skelton_422,Only game I know of where the replay can have a different outcome than the original battle.
76561198192053695,Recommended,325610,32089866,Posted: 31 May,all,Modern German,"its the most solid total war game so far, good if your into strategy. given that the game dont crash on you, that is."
76561197993272889,Recommended,325610,32097692,Posted: 31 May,all,poltrojan,Raid or survive against the horde. Crumbling nations or rise or tribals hordes. Choices choices.
76561198071726917,Recommended,325610,30435514,Posted: 10 March,all,PaleoIndianSumerian,"Total War Attila is addictive. I have spent over 500 hours playing Attila and I will spend 500 more hours in game. Think of how few DX12 real time strategy games in the year 2017 allow a player to build his own wonder. I mean an actual real wonder structure you can build, upgrade, and watchfully maintain each turn of the game. Sure some cultures have units that are oddly OP like the slavs archers that are in the slavic dlc but that same dlc allows any slavic player to build an actual wonder structure which amplifies some of your economy or military depending on which wonder you choose to build. The slavic dlc and all the free dlc leave Attila as a must have. Also please dont just watch a video online of some random streamer thats playing Rome 2 or Total War Warhammer because those games lack the political intrigue that Attila offers even players that dont purchase any dlc. You can choose which of you sons is heir to your throne and/or arrange an exotic hun princess to be his wife. Put Attila in your wishlist so you can buy it on sale. Total War isnt easy ok."
76561198165479235,Recommended,325610,30447162,Posted: 11 March,all,tomer0239,great game very fun
76561198173999523,Recommended,325610,30446961,Posted: 11 March,all,Disco_Stu420,Addictive way to learn history
76561198007669754,Recommended,325610,30457297,Posted: 11 March,all,ratioromanus,"I have been playing Total War games since the first Medieval Total War and can honestly say that Total War: Attila is one of the best Total War games in the series. The only problems are that the horde mechanic becomes terribly dull later in the game, diplomacy is bullsh** with people saying no to trade agreements even when they are friendly or neutral, and the expansions are all minor and cost more than they should (they should just be included in the game or all put together for a minor fee ex. $5). Still recommend the base game though."
,Recommended,325610,30435082,Posted: 10 March,all,Designated.Dickhead1337,Time Consuming and replayable again and again
76561198171304890,Recommended,325610,30436252,Posted: 10 March,all,gregorioart,"Althought there is a bit of a learning curve to many aspects of the game, it is well worth the time and effort in the end to watch your empire grow. If you like historical grand strategy games Attila is sure to be one of your favorites. There is only one complaint, and that's with the in game total war encyclopedia, which opens a browser window, and offers little in the way of real help."
,Recommended,325610,28581906,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Ybot,It's Total War.
76561198036334522,Recommended,325610,19665039,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,nagga,Game is great. Really enjoy the family tree part of it.
,Recommended,325610,28617163,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,NewbieOKS,"Very addictive.Much better than Total war Rome 2I got the game once on Christmas sales, very worth the price"
76561198067215804,Recommended,325610,28265009,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Tyronius Biggums,"I have put in some considerable time into many of the recent total war games, rome 2, shogun 2, both were good, but attila is a step up.  This game has more depth than previous total war games i've played."
,Recommended,325610,22575578,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,zpie13,This is the 2nd strategy video game that i've played . I definitely like it even though the east romans are kicking my♥♥♥♥♥at the moment. Once i fix the economic trouble it will be ok .Update : I'm still enjoying it. The eastern romans are a punching bag now.
76561198150782214,Recommended,325610,26353507,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Benjago97,"It is much like Rome II, but has a better gameplay and graphics. If you liked the prevouios Total War games, you will also like this. The historical setting is cool, it remainds me of Rome: Total War - Barbarian Invasion, which i played a lot.Great strategy game, and one of the best Total War games ever made!"
76561198080483280,Recommended,325610,20339218,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Mr.Black™,dead multiplayer server .sad.fk ya
76561198399447746,Recommended,325610,33457899,Posted: 11 July,all,dabuckeyes23,"A great challenge, one of the best Total War games to date."
,Recommended,325610,33468995,Posted: 11 July,all,ApacheAttackHelicopter13,"Really like the game so far, runs well even on my computer that is far from a god. Have yet to purchase any dlc but expecting to have a lot more fun when I do. Modding allows to have different factions, and different ways to play, without spending any money on dlc."
76561198042665337,Recommended,325610,33485355,Posted: 12 July,all,Sparky,I think this is one of the better games of the series.
,Recommended,325610,27541719,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,reinix1 cs.money,"The game is pretty interesting, I really like that there is a pretty large modding community , the multiplayer is.... well it's just...meh.the biggest ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t of this game is that you need to buy dlc's to get new factions, but the dlc ""Age of Charlemagne"" is really good. it only needs a bit more units per faction."
76561198018255411,Recommended,325610,21890504,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Machine Gun Martin,"9 p.m.- One more turn and I am going to bed...11 p.m.- Ok, now I have to go... One last turn3 a.m.-♥♥♥♥♥♥. I am not waking up early...Do not hesitate and BUY THIS piece!"
,Recommended,325610,32383528,Posted: 13 June,all,3K-9,Very fun game. recommend it to anyone who enjoys total war games. 10/10
76561198115232432,Recommended,325610,32385997,Posted: 13 June,all,Erithyl,better than rome 2 atleast for me its a 7.5/10
,Recommended,325610,23915154,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Teadrinkingsavage,i love total war games and this one is EPIC game
76561198020137993,Recommended,325610,22577357,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,nostrilnaut,♥♥♥♥ this game!!!!
76561198066390041,Recommended,325610,14749541,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,costa.17,"Ok ora è abbastanza ottimizzato e con le mod radius è perfetto. Il miglior total war di sempre, ma inizialmente era ottimizzato davvero troppo male...e lo è stato per quasi due anni e ora non è che sia il top. Con lòe schede grafiche future sarà tanta roba."
,Recommended,325610,30806178,Posted: 28 March,all,bjorn_altenburg,Wait for a sale and be ready for a hard game.
76561198023897208,Recommended,325610,23696359,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,The Crow,What can i say this game is  everything rome 2 should have been and its addictive as hell.
,Recommended,325610,23804035,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Enver Paşa,"First of all that's an ideal game for all strategy game-lovers. It's obvious that, the mechanics of game is pretty improved comparing to Total War Rome II. I recommend you to buy it since it's in the summer sale."
76561198055364213,Recommended,325610,30805239,Posted: 28 March,all,redmenace2,"Dudes, please stop ask if I want a peace treaty with you. We're the Huns. Haven't you heard? We break stuff."
76561198036061187,Recommended,325610,23714257,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Sir EEKS the 1st,"Play and watch the world burn, that's basically what this Total War game is all about, literally."
,Recommended,325610,28975654,Posted: 3 January,all,Kamikaze,"Dynamic and well done, is a game that captivates you from the first time you see, being very easy to get used to the functionality, standing out among the other strategic titles. Chose a period accurate, bringing history, along with the DLCs, dozens of kingdoms and peoples."
76561198261353217,Recommended,325610,29614294,Posted: 31 January,all,The_Mighty_Rofl_Waffle,"For the lazy... 8/10 Buy if you like or interested in strategy games this is a good start or addition to your experince.Good game and well worth the buy for anyone with experince of strategy games or just interested in strategy games. Although I haven't played to much of Atilla as of right now this is not my first in the series. It is however my favourite. No game is ever going to be perfectly balanced. However, I can say when playing this game at a hard difficulty. It feels fair, you are not massively overpowered and can wipe out any force that heads your way. At least it feels like usually the army better suited for the encounter wins. For example if it is a feild battle and you have the Cavalery and Archer superiority you will win, if it is a seige or a narrow pass and you have more Sword/Spearmen and can wipe out their calvary, hold their men in the choke point and pick off their archers with your own; again you will win. Forces you to plan ahead and plan your engagement with the enemy. The Political system is good and easy to manage again with ample planning although it is covered in mystery and will require some digging on the internet, public order is a bit of an issue with this game however like previously stated you can't have it all!"
76561198262630741,Recommended,325610,29460075,Posted: 24 January,all,史圣奇,"I think this game is a good continuation of the characteristics of Rome 2, and further deepen the internal affairs. The fun of the game lies not only in the fight, but also in every incident. The only drawback is that the faction is too small, too miscellaneous affairs. Hope to be able to appear new theme about China as early as possible."
76561198008223049,Recommended,325610,29509295,Posted: 26 January,all,HEIMDAL13,"Total war Attila is without doubt the best total war game out there. The time period is fantastic, with lots of different factions to play with and a very large map to conquer. The game is very challenging and its mechanics are greatly improved from its predecessors, especially thanks to some new additional features like hordes, razing, family tree, etc... The music is excellent as always and the graphics and atmosphere are really well made.Although there still exist some drawbacks like the performance, some bad DLC’s and the combat being too fast, the game is still excellent and worth the money."
,Recommended,325610,29560690,Posted: 29 January,all,Lokhaman,such good fun!
76561198022162190,Recommended,325610,29782157,Posted: 8 February,all,mick14,Good stuff. Kinda wished i spent all those hours some place usefull.. meh.
76561198038720470,Not Recommended,325610,29786798,Posted: 8 February,all,Already dead,i dont know what the problem is but i couldnt get the game to load up with out crashing and my computer is more then able to run it. i love my total war games so this is a really big disapointment
76561198315841494,Recommended,325610,29091103,Posted: 7 January,all,straywolf,AI for campaign is still needed to be improved.
,Recommended,325610,26120912,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,kekpop,"That's what I call a good total war game. Definitely recommend it, you might also like to install radious unit mods. It adds tons of units. Enjoy."
,Recommended,325610,29697295,Posted: 4 February,all,Ogniconfine,I guess this game is cool..the mods are really nice
,Recommended,325610,27684423,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Abu Hajaar,"I thought i loved rome 2 and then i got this game. Graphics are superb, campaign mechanics are unique and fun. A must buy 5/5 for total war series"
76561198018618765,Recommended,325610,29702410,Posted: 4 February,all,=:=BLACKBEAR=:=,GREAT GAME LIKE THE BIG ARMY !
76561198138280487,Recommended,325610,22286558,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,joeljp123,do it (: :D
,Recommended,325610,29837340,Posted: 10 February,all,PointBlankGaming,I think this is 1 of the best startegy games i have played in a long time i have reccomended this game to lots of friends and loved this game for as long as i have had it. Thanks for making such a amazing game. :)
76561198165813738,Recommended,325610,29907362,Posted: 13 February,all,sephiroth84,"The game is good with mods, but too easy to beat up the Romans and pretty horrible to watch the game have Rome fall by 400 when it didn't fall until 476"
76561198082664600,Recommended,325610,19642353,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,DEsTrOyER_67,"Good game but a lot of DLC's,GO FAK YOSELF"
76561197989358869,Recommended,325610,30071293,Posted: 20 February,all,Seu Almir,Great game!!
,Recommended,325610,29303456,Posted: 16 January,all,____________,"Got the game on sale for something like 10 or 20 USD. What I found was amazing, almost making me regret not paying full price.Following the (very arguable) failure of Total War: Rome II, CA (creative assembly) released Total War: ATILLA.They set forth looking to fix the failure of Rome II, but what they did was instead so much better than a mere fix. What I found instead was something astounding, I never thought to see ALL of these features jam packed into the VANILLA game. You can migrate to a new territory when you lose everything or even start out as an actual rebellion via one of the tribes, or fight as the great huns or even the roman empire(s, west and east) themselves, all via vanilla standard purchase.  All of the graphical bugs as far as I have seen from Rome II are fixed, and even vastly improved. Throws my GPU out of the water after taking a sledgehammer to it. And my generation is only a few years old- as in, it's the 4th or mabye 5th best on the market as of writing this. This isn't because the game is not optimized, but because the graphics are that good.Music is vastly imrpoved in my opinion too, unlike the second rome game where I had to use the first romes music to feel truly immersed, this has its own music set that does it just fine. The attention to detail is amazing, you can actually see the townspeople flee in terror when you are sieging, and they made it so towers and gates are not borderline invincable (Rome 2 >.>)You can literally burn entire regions to ashes and destroy entire settlements, never to be inhabited again.Overall, I'd rate it a 10/10."
,Recommended,325610,29257590,Posted: 14 January,all,[SPQR] Boris Todbringer,needs better romans
76561198146882108,Recommended,325610,29513920,Posted: 26 January,all,Weeaboo Jones,">be me>Plays as Western Roman Empire>Starts campaign>Disbands ALL troops (to make more money)>Loses, France, Spain, Britain, and Africa>Still have Italy>Gets cutscene saying Atilla is born>whatever.jpeg>NOW IT IS TIME TO RESTORE THE GLORIOUS ROME>Recaptures most of France>Eastern Roman Empire asks me to declare war on the Huns>Surewhynot.jpg>mistakes were made>Unaware of the scourge coming>Line up armies on the border between France and Spain (fighting the gauls)>Gets notification that there is famine>what>Looks over at the italian peninsula>sees 6 hordes of huns>loses Italin peninsula>loses France>quits game with 2 provinces left>downloads useless huns mod>starts over>( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,325610,29388924,Posted: 20 January,all,Dasmitman,10/10 would have another shameful display only to find victory
76561198045703549,Recommended,325610,29365502,Posted: 19 January,all,Hening,"I'm not a big fan of RTS, but used to hobby with minatures so the combat portion of this was intriguing.   After hours of enjoying the combat experience on land and sea, the full RTS play was more enjoyable than expected.  The graphics are exceptional and making movies of different scenes is an added bonus.Having a degree in medieval history and having studied much of the social and military history of the Carolingians made this gaming experience educational as well.  More importantly, the add-on packs have added a new dimension and new interests.  This is a great gaming world for exploring, being amazed by the animations along with the AI behavior in combat and learning the different componants to be successful.  There are some excellent videos on YouTube for a better understanding of management and how the different parts of the game can be combined to achieve success.  Looking forward to more of the add-ons along with the universe of free mods.Currently have the add-ons of Age of Charlemagne, Empires of Sand and The Slavic Nations."
76561198192826338,Recommended,325610,29363515,Posted: 19 January,all,noahh_col,great game but freezes and crashes a lot
76561198091996672,Recommended,325610,29506239,Posted: 26 January,all,TalkativeHalo98,"I am huge fan of the Total War series, and I think this one is one ofthe best to date. It is a great RTS to get into if you haven't played one before or are just getting dtarted in the Total War series."
76561198080294782,Recommended,325610,29529017,Posted: 27 January,all,Mein Kampfy Chair,I'm playing the campaign for the Lakhmids in Saudi Arabia and I have unrest. I finally figured out they want to become Hebrews. Problem solved! 8/10 Arabs would eat matzos again.
,Recommended,325610,29345165,Posted: 18 January,all,Hans Von Wolfen,"Total War Attila i would recommend but not over the main Rome 2 only to the fact without mods to add units base gives you few varity of units unlike the main Rome 2. The detail is great and with the dlc blood and fire makes the useing fire fun to do. the only thing i wish they had from base was more then 6 total basic units and the ungrade of those units once you research the tech tree. The Tech tree i will say doesnt focus on just econmonic, political or cultural of civil and for military advancements of Army, Fority of town/city or training of your units like in the base Rome 2. Attila tech tree focuses on Civil as whole along with military side witch i love over Rome 2. Moving on to the AI in single Campaign they are still as dim witted as in Rome 2 but personaily i like and u can buff all frations with mods to give AI the edge or yourself.I rate Attila Total war  a 6 or 7 out of 10 i enjoy it but i find myself goin back to Rome 2 more"
76561198212060940,Recommended,325610,21799034,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,FloGamingYT,"Ok,sooo .........Attila Total War its a very good game with good control and nice graphics!I play Total War since i was a kid from 2005 and its AWESOME!!Attila its a big step in Total War collection!Sooo YES buy it! Dont listen to bad rewiews you dont need to buy the dlcs!PLAY AND HAVE FUN! 12/10"
76561198037154526,Recommended,325610,30091150,Posted: 21 February,all,(EC)Hort55,"I have had this game awhile but didnt put much hours on it compared to the time because I myself find it hard to find factions (aside from romans and vikings) that intrest me and gather my attention. But regardless I have to admit I do like this game, it is challenging and different from the other total wars that makes it unique, its not worth 40 or up but its definantly nice to have in the collection to play every once in awhile"
76561197995883338,Recommended,325610,29493748,Posted: 25 January,all,MADPandaGaming,"I recommend this game....but with a warning. Your graphics card....probably not good enough. I bought the new XFX Radeon R9 Fury X, have the drivers fully up to date, went in and changed the gfx file in AppData/Roaming to allow full 4 gig memory from my card and the benchmark still wont get above 25.0 average. Have the card overclocked. Have Unlimited Video Memory checked. I average 120 - 320 fps on every other game....on ultra. ARMA III on Ultra is 100ish, Subnotica is 120ish.....I could go on. So, I just cant sit comfortable that the game is too much for my card. My old Radeon 5700 series from 2009 ran it at 18 FPS......so WTF? This is a $2000 fresh built gaming rig built right after Christmas......how is it not enough? Heck, even Shogun 2 runs somewhere around 180 FPS.Seems like it's going to be another Rome II graphics issue...where no computer can run it maxed out for the first year or so till  they debug it properly."
76561198152028239,Recommended,325610,30113344,Posted: 22 February,all,Nemesis,This is a good step in the right direction for a remarkable but ageing franchise.A pleasant surprise given the recent disapointments in the total war series.
,Recommended,325610,29668492,Posted: 3 February,all,Saropah,"The linux port is ...HMMMM :( to be honest am not sure im enjoying this game but i like the horse animation.For me one of the best total war series is Total War Shogun 2 & TW Kingdom.a bit regret purchased this game6/10tested on : Xubuntu 16.04 x64 AMD a8-7600 ,8 gigs memory, GTX 950 with nvidia proprietary driver"
76561198141145152,Recommended,325610,29656417,Posted: 2 February,all,Sukribo,Worth per-turn!
,Recommended,325610,29391304,Posted: 20 January,all,Pariah.png,I only have more than 5 hours on this game because it does not close all the way when I exit the game. 10/10 would miss friend game invites because they think im online again.
76561198261004595,Recommended,325610,31087329,Posted: 11 April,all,Podomus,"great game, it really feels real. My only complaint is that most of the especially germanic nations look exactly the same"
76561198039853459,Recommended,325610,17807754,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,MikeOxbig,I have been playing the Total War series since early childhood 10+ years with total war games.They have never failed to leave me impressed with the game. Now with this latest installment I feel as if I have been robbed by a childhood friend.ATTILA should have been a DLC for ROME 2 just like it was for the original. There isnt even as much unit diversity as in ROME 2 and they have the balls to release it for 45 dollars and chop it up into expensive DLC packages that should have been released at the launch of the game.STILL PLAYING IT AND ITS GREAT... what can i say. i am a huge fan and the ammount of time i play its worth the cash
,Recommended,325610,18052894,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Waffen,"""Teething problems"" is the best way to describe this title if you're after a two-word summary. After a rocky start, Attila managed to position itself as one of the better Total War titles, not quite up to the overall standard of Shogun II but heads and shoulders above offerings like Rome II.As always with Creative Assembly, the biggest problem(s) do not come from the slightly poor optimization, the weird bugs (game can't close fully upon exiting and needs to be manually shut down from the task manager), but instead from their (and SEGA's) decision to nickle and dime every tiny scrap of content no matter how minute and insignificant. Just to unlock existing factions you're asked to get your wallet. In previous titles, defeating said nations was what unlocked them. This created a reason to play and try more different nations. No longer. Now everything has a price tag.I recommend it first and foremost for the mods which are being made for it, even though CA did not make it easy for the communities to do so. But with all DLC installed, the game does provide a very pleasing, varied experience with plenty to do and try. Even if the majority of factions in each cultural group are extremely similar."
76561198075032581,Recommended,325610,30086649,Posted: 21 February,all,[1stGa(B)] Sgt. Jasin,Great game. I love the graphics and all but it has very poor optimization. Still 8/10.
76561198030726030,Recommended,325610,30246371,Posted: 28 February,all,mrfouts117,"I like that the game is both more complex and yet manageable. I feel like everything is a balancing act that ends up feeling very rewarding when you manage it. To get the most out of it turn the difficulty up. I does suffers from what most total war games suffer from, once your on top you steam roll everyone easily. However Attila has done the most to fix this, between actually challenging ecenomics, food, happiness, and loyalty along with the Hunic hords the game keeps challenging you throughout. I really dont get why it takes so much hate. It has similar ratings to Rome II but I can't help but appreiate the signifcant improvements. A few downsides are generic units (never a good thing, but acceptable in small numbers, not large), limited deplomacy (better but still not great), and auto-resolve (hate it and love it, I think an outside of the box answer is needed)."
76561198142461211,Recommended,325610,30209546,Posted: 26 February,all,nightflight,"Great game.Historically pretty accurate,nicely programmed units.Shock cavalry is superior to other units which is historically accurate according to barbarian times,although i thin cav bonus should be at least 20 percent lower,game has great mods and it is excellent intro in longly excpected medeival total war."
,Recommended,325610,31150678,Posted: 15 April,all,yung  pleb Cx,brought my people to the promised land and got wiped out by mongolians
76561198096702994,Recommended,325610,14628062,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Big Wet Napkin,"I'm just going to list the games flaws:- Mediocre/boring combat with  one handed swordsmen and axemen- Units' will be decimated by enemy when pulled out of combat- UI is meh- Music is meh- Warscape engine- Missiles are invisible without trails- Trails...- Huns are the weakest faction in combat. The AI also does a horrible job playing as them, thus making all eastern european units vanish from the campaign at a certain point because they get ♥♥♥♥ing exterminated.- Voice actors are meh- Infantry have no charge- Two-handed units > One-handed units- Attila is completely absent from the game.- Pikeman are undeniably overpowered. The weakest pike unit can compete against any infantry unit- Populace is always♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off- Western Rome is boring as♥♥♥♥♥♥to play as- DLC is not only as valuable as liquid dog♥♥♥♥♥♥ butisin fact liquid dog♥♥♥♥♥♥- Navies are usleless- In battle, Roman cities, even Rome itself, look ancient and as if they are falling apart. I mean,literallyfalling apart. Zoom into architecture and see if you don't believe me.- Pathfinding is♥♥♥♥♥♥- Debatabely more boring than Rome II"
76561198119422276,Recommended,325610,30292046,Posted: 3 March,all,Sh1bum,Spent 95% of my time playing the Medieval Kingdoms mod than actual Atilla. 10/10
,Recommended,325610,30289986,Posted: 2 March,all,Makajo,"I liked it,i believe it is one step forward from Rome 2."
76561198160456836,Recommended,325610,30280397,Posted: 2 March,all,♛modestbrothel⚜,"Great game. Have played for a few hours. Very strategic, the in game battle scenarios are endless. You have FULL control over your army in battles. First time playing a TOTAL WAR game and am really impressed by it. Lots of different spectrums with relationships between characters and other nations. All in all, a very great game for those who like an involved, indepth game. Highly recommend it, although I must say I got the game on a sale marked down to $9.99. :)"
76561198077737166,Recommended,325610,30321468,Posted: 4 March,all,norleyclose,the best totalwar game that i have played
76561198117653540,Recommended,325610,30348357,Posted: 5 March,all,Daddy,"The addition of a family tree system and royal family makes getting really baked after watching 3 seasons of Viking and all of Game of Thrones and then playing this game a perilous and beautifully in depth experience. I'm playing a Saxon campaign, and not even 60 turns in, but even then just that system alone has had me entertained considering the favour and power my sons have in court. One is a ladies man, with many ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sons, but he is also next in line for the throne and is married to the daughter of a faction we have shaky allies with. He isn't respected in the court, and often is seen as a prudent disgrace. His brother on the other hand, a respected governor, with 6 children and one son married off to a close ally, who fights along side my next in line. To gain favour I have used my next in line in countless military expeditions to the west, with careful consideration on Assassination. May he die in battle or prosper as a warlord. Anyways yeah good♥♥♥♥♥♥buy this ♥♥♥♥ing game"
76561198090169957,Recommended,325610,31305739,Posted: 22 April,all,Khrosh,"Huns are very stronger. Horse archer spam spam spam spam and you will be invicible... Turks are fantastic. And Atilla a true leader of the Turks. It was the best game of the Total War. Graphics, races, style of play, and more. It was not as ı expected Saxons. As far as ı know Saxons and Cermens very strong but, I couldnt find what ı wanted. Armor designs, conversation dialogues succesful.I hope you will enjoy playing.Greetings from Turkey.Hajra Turan. Selam olsun Atilla`nın torunlarına. Tengri biz menen !And guys. Do not play with East Rome. West Rome is better than East Rome.        Have a nice day. Have FUN    :))"
76561198206751848,Recommended,325610,18941125,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,NOVAX,OK lets just somthing clear if you never played a total war game before DO NOT PLAY THIS ONE.This game is evan hard for me and I have played all the total wars from medival 2 up. Now if your like me and have played Rome 2 total war before.And your thinking this is going to be super different for Rome 2 your very wrong. A lot of the voice overs that happen when you click on your armys are the same. Also the unit rosters are not as diverse as in Rome 2 dont expect the same barbarean units. Another thing to keep in mind is due to the game being set in THE LATE ROMAN PERIOD no more cool looking legions and the roman dont have good moral any more.So all in all if you love romans this is not your game but if you love barbareans you must get it!
76561198053867037,Recommended,325610,31274246,Posted: 21 April,all,Kayago,Better than Rome II. If you search a total war game without fantasy this is it!
,Recommended,325610,31756985,Posted: 14 May,all,hando,"It's okay... The only problem I had with it is lag issues, another problem would be that other factions cheat in stuff and pretty much f**k you over."
76561198101132962,Recommended,325610,31744519,Posted: 14 May,all,gillis3385,"Great game, Age of Charlemagne is also a great addition. The best Total War so far in my opinion. Hopefully they get back to the historical versions of Total War soon."
76561198065966950,Recommended,325610,31816126,Posted: 17 May,all,Andeal9988,Great game
76561198346573070,Recommended,325610,31812971,Posted: 17 May,all,Quinaiza,"Great game.After Rome II disapointment, this one makes the total war series reborn, and it probably should have recieved more visibility than it actualy did...Btw, I find it hilarious how Attila is cheaper than Rome II even though Attila is newer and way better in almost all the ways."
,Recommended,325610,30578088,Posted: 17 March,all,Imnotfuckingnormal,Got this game the other day and put a few hours into it to test it out.overall pretty good game id give it an 8/10
,Recommended,325610,15456976,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,I would luck me,"After a long time and replaying this game over and over. I decided to change my review to a thumbs up or whatever. I mean, I did play this long, so obviously I like the game?Yeah, sure, without mods this game gets boring quickly. The units are all the same and just look bland. Thank God for mods, all those problems are gone ... aside from the stutter at times."
76561198114816536,Recommended,325610,31834236,Posted: 18 May,all,dwasicek3,fun game didnt even know how much play time i have
,Recommended,325610,31892389,Posted: 21 May,all,OnixScream,buy it for me
76561198355567954,Recommended,325610,31619479,Posted: 7 May,all,**********@3962,"I really like the gaming mode of Total War, so I bought this game together with all its DLCs. But what makes me so embarrassed and angry is  the runability on WIN10. Everytime I open the launcher pad and click on PLAY, the error occurs 'TOTAL WAR: ATTILA doesnt work'. Hope publisher can give solution to owners like me."
,Recommended,325610,31581906,Posted: 6 May,all,[SVFT] Majored Laxness,"10/10 perfect game. Their DLC pricing could be improved, but frankly this is the best game in the entire series. Game mechanics are tough and rewarding, the graphics and modelling are beautiful, and they have absolutely captured the conditions of the time period. Perfection."
,Recommended,325610,33735444,Posted: 22 July,all,lllHellCatlll,Finished Rome II total war
,Recommended,325610,33751153,Posted: 23 July,all,BigLeagueGaming,I love Total war games
76561198006558661,Recommended,325610,33770287,Posted: 24 July,all,Marcus Trajan,Total War Attila is a great game representing the decline and fall of the Roman Empire and the beginnings of the Dark Ages.
76561198165535838,Recommended,325610,33889370,Posted: 29 July,all,[ROG]Justin,Love it
76561198163098579,Not Recommended,325610,33564958,Posted: 15 July,all,ΑΛΗΘΕΙΩΝ,"I don't have a lot of timeplay on this game because the show belongs to the barbarians and barbarian stuff isnt really my thing, I bought it because it was on sale and I had a lot of fun with Total war Rome 2 with 600hrs.Pro:-The AI is undoubtly better than Total War: Rome 2 battle wise, in fact I barely did any compaign, I mostly spent my time on custom battles.-Units are more reactive to your orders.-Testudo formation is more flexible than Rome 2, you can get it in square or horizontal shape while it was completely stucked in vertical shape in Rome 2, and I'm playing with 480 men/ units which means i get huge choo choo trains for testudo.- Cavalry units wont run into your units when trying to move next to them.Cons:-AI is better battle wise, but a disaster in compaign, playing as huns, I stormed the Caucasia, destroyingamernian cities and thus being at war with the Sassanid, as I am advancing through to heart of the Zoroastrianism empire, who army do I see ? The Rugians, ♥♥♥♥ing german in Caucasia, their homeland is in actual Poland so why the hell are they so far east ?Also, most city I were at war with, rather raze their own capital before i can even reach it.-if you play the huns, skirmish mode is utterly useless, you have to macro all your units yourself.If AI plays huns, skirmish mode is always done right, the moment my units step in they back off immediately while mines always let the AI charge in or get in javelins range before running away.-The Huns horse archers have better missiles protections than the roman's testudo, while i storm them with my archers or crossbow men, we'd lose at least 80 archers and 20 melee foot soldiers for 1 or 2 hunnic horse archers. Testudo is useless since Total War rome 2 anway.-There are barely any factions compaigns so Creative Assembly will charge you with DLCs to make it complete.  feelsbadman.-And again, and I dont know since when, the game's AI will choose for you your retreat path, you will retreat in the most stupid places.-♥♥♥♥ing forests made me drop playing this game, especially playing as the huns :on the compaign map, you can see where are the hills at so you can use them to properly place your armies, but the game never shows you forests so sometimes you end up fighting in a 95% covered forest map and of ♥♥♥♥ing course the AI can hide while you can't.-AI gets some beyond boon when there are trees around, a small group of two or tree trees surrounded by the the plains is enough to hide 360 soldiers, so whenever they put units in them, archers especially, they gets hidden and everytime my troops get near even though i know at 10000% AI enemy units are inside, I get ""ambushed"" and it gives them a HUGE  damage boosts, effectively blasting my ""ambushed' units into the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of the far and beyond universe."
,Recommended,325610,33870436,Posted: 28 July,all,AЯΣS,Yep loved it anything total war historical I'm down no issues from me :)
76561198069448929,Recommended,325610,33827521,Posted: 27 July,all,LP2W,"Definately mastered the historical total war games by this point with 3 minor flawes; Large cities are the size of small villages on the battle map, the AI is stupid, always goes on full charge in a single line and there are not enough options to deal with captured settlements. Would like to see options such as give to ally or create new nation etc.Otherwise the UI, graphics and new features for the game are perfect"
,Recommended,325610,33418268,Posted: 9 July,all,Korrolat,An extremly good Total War game that has some downsides when it comes to the AI. I recommend installing a few gameplay mods to fix these issues.
76561198264008774,Recommended,325610,33805812,Posted: 26 July,all,guy,its ok
,Not Recommended,325610,31898186,Posted: 22 May,all,V01DED1NK,"The graphics are great! But not as fun as other total war games like Rome II or Warhammer, performance is kinda low even on my i7 7700k. Overall amazing graphics, alright time period, but Rome II or Warhammer is better."
76561198132337741,Recommended,325610,34556045,Posted: 28 August,all,C4M3L,Very detailed and brutal
76561198146802700,Recommended,325610,33929987,Posted: 31 July,all,Bugallo Bill,"A terrific game set in a terrific time period! Each faction has its own large roster and unique units, the game has very impactful mechanics not seen in ROME 2 & the graphics much nicer.The most interesting factions would be either-The Sassanid Empire: The last in the line of truly Persian Empires that has stood firm against the Romans for centuriesThe Eastern (Byzantine) Roman Empire: Set after theodosius separated the empire in two, You can play as the Eastern Romans and face of Persians or Hunnic hordes alike!The crumbling Western Roman Empire: A challenging faction, While the Eastern half of the Empire had riches the western half had little, play as the disadvantaged, overextended and crumbling western Roman Empire and struggle against hordes of germanic and Gothic Tribes."
76561198031771280,Recommended,325610,34371912,Posted: 20 August,all,alondo82,good
,Recommended,325610,14808583,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,R.T. ERDOĞAN,I wanna  kind of style of  Rome 1 and Medieval 2  campaign map. More deep and strategic. Archery should bemore deadly in Rome 2 for mulli PvP balance. I prefer with  %75 discount  price.
76561198031901797,Recommended,325610,34063623,Posted: 6 August,all,:/,oui
76561198045360694,Recommended,325610,33992383,Posted: 3 August,all,Ibram Gaunt,Another great totalwar release 10/10
,Recommended,325610,33630921,Posted: 18 July,all,Mathias101,"So the game can be very challenging if you are new to the game series, but if not then it's no problem to get stuck right in. And if you are a new player i'd recommend something like tw Napoleon to start of with. Another thing you could do would to just install some mods to make the game easier."
76561198011261543,Recommended,325610,34112881,Posted: 8 August,all,-.-,Very good game. Different take on the Total War series but definitely enjoyable. Im a fan of cav so it was very cool seeing them shine again
76561197999118670,Not Recommended,325610,17425946,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Nihl,"So, after a 2 years i decided to change my Review from positive to Negative.Its not like i dont like TW:Attila, its not like its a BAD game.... its just lost potential and broken promise of trully epic gameplay. TW:Attila still remains one of my favorite total war games, somewhere at 3rd place after Shogun 2 and first Rome, regardless to all problems with this game what i did encounter.Lets do it proper way with pros and cons list--------------PROS:--------------- Graphically one of best historical TW games, Art assets are only better in Shogun 2 in my opinion. Loading screens, map and city designs looks very pleasant for eyes and soul- Audio is definitely on top level. It surpass most of TW games.... except shogun 2. However here i would point, that for me Medieval 2 had best audio.- Optimisation is better than in last TW games, however more about it in cons-  Major DLC Campaigns are actually worth their price... mostly. both Age of Charlemagne and The Last Roman are very epic and challenging extensions, even for TW veterans like me.- Game design actually fits historical period. Game is quite... dark and brutal.- Game can bring loads of fun and plenty hours of gameplay even without DLCs, Most of mine i got in later stages- Achievements are actually hard to get, and are not bound to progress in story lines or doing simple tasks.-Multiplayer didnt get worst than it is in Rome 2, and MP in Rome 2 got better after endless patches.- Battles are actually quite satysfying, and being more tactical player,  ""CTRL+A, SEND THEM ALL"" way of playing will lead you to loosing battle even if you outnumber the enemy.- Diplomacy is almost as good as in Shogun 2.... -- Building cities, and upgrading them require strategical planing for 200-500 turns ahead. Region system and public order is well planed for me. Every building have its purpose, pros and cons and importance. You need to ballance your regions and their specializations in order to run effective economy in later stages of game.- Mod friendly-------------CONS:-------------  DLC POLICY, DLC PRICE TO CONTENT RATIO, AMOUNT OF DLCs,- Optimization and performance. there will be sub-points:a) Game shutter and get FPS drops even on hardware which should be capable to run it easily.b) Even if game start to shutter and have FPS drops, none of components are actually under heavy load. Due typical battle i get between 20 and 60 FPS, while my CPU is used in no more than 60%, and GPU is at 50% load. From 8 GB of ram game dont take more than 3. So its engine issue, which cant use properly avilible resourcesc) Preformance issues are mostly linked to number of units on field. setting lower unit size and decreasing terrain detail on medium or below (causing bodies and blood to dissapear) mostly will fix issues with shutteringd) Battles are way better optimised (less drops, less shutter) in capital cities (o_O), and generaly in Campgains. Custom SP battles with more than 4k units on field can be unplayable in some moments- Game gets more simple, than it used to be. For some people it can be counted as Pros, because old total wars could give a headache to many casual players.- After so many years on same engine, AI is still kinda stupid. Its better than in most of games except shogun 2, however, its unworthy, boring and time wasting to playing this game on lower dificulty level than Hard.- Difficulty level NPC cheating. Instead of making AI more complex, AI gets more gold, and shorter training time + unit boosts. On Very hard you are just flooded with 9lvl agents who preform COSTFUL IN GOLD FOR YOU actions every turn, Artillery gets sniper abilities, NPC armies can travel longer.- To be honest vanilla game gets boring and annoying after 20 hours. To make gameplay better, i needed to download multiple mods, including changing colors of units in factions, battle rebalance to fix super short ranged unit range, fix armor and impact damage, which almost not exist for cavalary, and shields or armor literally do not give protection from ranged attacks. In the meanwhile archers are useless, and slingers can devastate heavy armored top tier unit in testudo/shield wall mode..... Without adding any new content i needed 9 mods to reballance gameplay... mostly on battlefields.-Animations:a) So, where da f.k are thoose vomiting and wounded soldiers, crawling in agony on battlefields? i didnt seen even single vomiting soldier, even if they are in Blood dlc trailer.b) why general's mouth remain closed, even if he is the middle of speech towards soldiers? What about squad leaders, captains, simple soldiers etc... you can hear them, you cant see them talking. we had it in shogun 2, and Rome 2 first trailer with Carthago siege... never after that. Animations get stripped, and we got speachless soldeirs with glued mouths.c) this faces... they was differend on trailers and in all what devs said... they supposed to have feelings, they have not. We been promised ""human"" soldiers on field... we didnt get it....d) combat animations still not great. Can be partly fixed with mods....- Grand Campgain turns takes literally AGES. Wihle 8c/8t 4ghz CPU is used in 30%.... I understand there is almost hunderd of nations... but most of them are small- turn based map Faction AI in meaning of territorial control is crap. There is milions of super-small cities-states, and almost none of large kingdoms. Without mod AI wont recolonize burned/sacked cities. It will remain ruin until you wont rebuild it. After Hunic invasion there remains wasteland with single color spots in form of city-state.- from siege engines we have small and large catapult. Nothing else. Oh, and scorpion/polybos, which are not exactly useful, if not mounted on walls- Walls, gates and Towers of cities are paper. they crumble and fall so quick, that sieges always end in streets. Again, Without mods forget to see epic sieges with siege towers, ladders, Rams and fighting for every inch of battlements--last words--After having game on same engine like 5-6 times in a row, working on exactly same principles, there is no improvement in issues, what are a pain in TW games from ages. Both Rome 2 and Attila, even if are great games, giving fun for many hours, are big step back from what we had in Shogun 2, or even in Medieval 2. My opinion is, that TW:Attila is good Tw game, not perfect, but good one. i would give it 7 out of 10, however, not for current price with all DLCs. Wait for discount, get it then. And be prepared, that you wont enjoy 1080p ultra details and 10k units on field with stable 60 FPS. Only very short range of PC hardware can run this game smooth all the time, and it possibly will be same hardware, what been used for CA beta tests in studio."
76561198011987671,Recommended,325610,15054854,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Pharoahx,Ok this game had a lot of patch work to makeing it one of the best TW games! I still find time to injoy it after all these years. It was a No..... Know it has become a YES! GJ TW Team.
76561198073693975,Recommended,325610,34402585,Posted: 21 August,all,Texanelcamino,"Cool, way better than rome 2, lotta fire and  blood in the dark ages"
,Not Recommended,325610,21897849,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Actually have 195 iq,i dont know who designed this games campaign but it limits you so damn much mediveal 2 campaign superior to this and its 12 years old only buy for mods and custom battles and only when on sale for 11 bucks its 3 on♥♥♥♥♥when on sale too so ♥♥♥♥ this games campaign
,Not Recommended,325610,26182296,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Pyrosan,It doesn't launch and I can't refund it because I spent 3 hours trying to fix it.
76561198345810010,Recommended,325610,34368717,Posted: 20 August,all,Shotglazz,"MacBook Pro Specs:MacOS Sierra V. 10.12.6MacBook Pro (Retina, 13-inch, Early 2015)Processor 3.1 GHz Intel Core i7Memory 16 GB 1867 MHz DDR3Graphics Intel Iris Graphics 6100 1536 MBFirst off played this game for a good hour before asking for a refund. 2nd It runs great, but a tad bit choppy or lagging. I can pull either a performance to quality settings on this and still playable. Having said that still isn't giving me that very smooth FPS. I've got used to playing this game back when I had an Alienware setup. No Mac / PC flames here. This Mac is not a gaming laptop BUT my work laptop. I just tried to install nostalgic games I used to play.FYI I haven't tried to play massive battles on this and have no Idea if it will ever crash on me on the long run. If you have same specs as I have It's definitely playable at a minimum. I you set the recommended quality it would push you to ""Max Performance"" setting automatically. Even at that setting it won't be anywhere near as good as PC gaming. With my specs I can still get away with half that. Again that's because this game was never properly optimized for OSx as CA claimed to be playable.I would still this grab this game in the future for Seven Kingdoms mod once GOT(game of Thrones) seasons are over. Also once it's stable enough and installable for that mod on latest versions. For now I can only see v 4.5 for Mac. Over all this game is far more better overhaul from older Total War series. Actually I'm going to grab this once this game is ON SALE for $11. So if you have near specs as I have put this on your wish list or cart to notify you once this game goes on sale. Check Steams price history for this game cause the price dips to $11 3-4 times a year.NO I have no plans of getting a PC unless my work requires me too."
,Recommended,325610,34363171,Posted: 19 August,all,Octavian,"After the nightmare of Rome II, I put off buying this game or even caring. But I have to say, this is one of the best games in the Total War series.I never really understood the forced migration brought on by the advance of the Huns, or the rush to fill the power vacuum as the Western Roman Empire retreated inward. This game does a remarkable job of recreating that for you to experience. The mechanics mean that playing as the Romans or a Germanic tribe or as the Visigoths are all very different and fleshed out experiences.The flaws of Rome II have been mended and this is just a wonderful game. Buy it."
,Not Recommended,325610,25595790,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,mvm900,"The squalor mechanic just adds a little bit more micro to manage your cities, in general nothing amazingly different other than horde mechanics compared to Rome 2. But they also introduced a tier system for units which makes it feel very inorganic. No one really paid attention to this release either, so."
76561198036426160,Recommended,325610,34168754,Posted: 11 August,all,BIGBALLS,"1500+ hours on Rome II, 150+ so far on Atilla.Used the Celts to invade the Saxons, altered history and funneled money into WRE to keep them alive. 10/10"
76561198126747464,Recommended,325610,34178927,Posted: 11 August,all,American_Nationalist,Great Game for in depth historical realism. Recommended  for player looking for a good campaign exprience.
76561198145858773,Not Recommended,325610,34150322,Posted: 10 August,all,sji68,AI turn times break the immersion and enjoyment of playing a long campaign
76561198151013068,Recommended,325610,34281742,Posted: 16 August,all,Ofelos,"This is an amazing game, I would suggest everyone to get itIt's a harder game compared to other Total War titles, but is much more interesting and in my opinion better looking and more realistic.If you are tired from Warhammer or any other fantasy universe this is the best choice. There are a lot of similar units in some culture, but every nation has it's bread and butter type of unit and they all are interesting. The period although not my favorite time is interesting and feels really dark. My only complain would be the lack of DLC's and FLC's that producers could have made. There are numerous big factions that are still unplayable such as ""Armenia"" and devs don't seem  to give a♥♥♥♥♥♥to add new content and FLC to finish the game. Unfortunately for the historical fans. they seem to be focused more on their fantasy projects now."
76561197999799406,Recommended,325610,34271862,Posted: 16 August,all,1.200000,An amazing Total War game. The best they've made! Shame the world isn't slightly larger.
76561198094860276,Recommended,325610,23301899,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,(SSG)Silent515,"Attila was my first Total war game and i am now just starting Shogun 2 and Rome 2. So far i must say Attila (in my experience) is harder than Rome 2 in terms of managing your nation. However that is not a bad thing. i started out on attila so Rome 2 feels a little too easy. Overall Attila is a nice, in depth strategy game that can give you a good challenge at times."
76561198217690999,Recommended,325610,34619263,Posted: 30 August,all,Goomaster123,Attila is my favorite TotalWar Game I have played!I have over 100 hours on it and Im very impressed with the game.The battles and the city management is very fun.One of the DLC's for the game is Basically a game its self for 20 bucks.You should get Attila!!!
76561198077723171,Recommended,325610,35208585,Posted: 25 September,all,Keagan,"Very fun game i enjoy the campaign though, It is very unoptimized with you needing to scrabble random graphic options to find the best frame rates. I have noticed that when i click RECOMMENDED it runs better for some reason"
76561198137564022,Recommended,325610,35229952,Posted: 26 September,all,kanishk,"this game is superb, so many challenges, the gameplay is much better than rome 2, the campaign becomes dull after some time like every other total war series, the hordes are amazing, the fact that you dont require a settlement to live, and the roman expnsion/DLC is super cool as we get to play roman army in horde mode....it does lack a bit in variety from rome 2, all the historical battles in attila are very dull....the different factions have more or less the same playstyle except from horde mode...i would give a rating of 3 out of 5"
76561198254985711,Recommended,325610,35142985,Posted: 22 September,all,leomanik4,Total War:Atilla is a pretty awesome game
,Recommended,325610,35205494,Posted: 25 September,all,andycatjames,Great game turns can be kinda slow for turns if you get it i I recommend also getting the charlamander dlc
76561198085450635,Recommended,325610,33815896,Posted: 26 July,all,Koios,Game has some historical wrongs but its nice
76561198260441005,Recommended,325610,35249061,Posted: 27 September,all,TrallFax,GOOOOOD GAME
,Recommended,325610,35248234,Posted: 27 September,all,Burrit sp00k,good
76561198092298307,Recommended,325610,35253821,Posted: 27 September,all,Paragon,Good game best game. Nice Spicy memes can come out of it. If your looking for a discord server to play multiplayer on. Hit me up Bebs
,Recommended,325610,35361159,Posted: 30 September,all,AncestralLion,I love this game.
,Recommended,325610,35352256,Posted: 30 September,all,NARSTAR,Total War: Rome II remastered
,Recommended,325610,14578395,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Palhaço Nojento,"Vou mudar minha nota pra positiva.Depois de 2 Total War Warhammer, cada dia tenho achado esse jogo aqui melhor xD"
76561198047120964,Recommended,325610,35428001,Posted: 2 October,all,Northern Renegade,"Most people I know would probably touch this for an hour at most and give up due to the complexity, but if you like strategies and you are a thinking type this is definitely a good game. Attila has issues, I've heard, I'm not really hardcore enough to notice. It is not worth the current price ($45) but if you catch it on sale it might (might) be worth a grab. I'm giving it a thumbs up because it is a good game, even though I wouldn't recommend buying it; Lately they been popping out like ♥♥♥♥ing CoD, where before the current TW is even released they're already knee deep in the next one. It seems like all the groundwork is there, and it could have been much better than it is, but they just didn't care enough to polish it to that degree.~7.5/10"
76561198370811705,Recommended,325610,33163850,Posted: 2 July,all,kooowhip,"i love total war and historical titles of video games in general. i am also a big early middle ages fan and have to say that this time period, fall of the Western Roman Empire is my personal fav to study. ill split this up in pros and cons and also have the historical pros and cons on top then gameplayPros- historical-Amazing historical accuracy with units-very good unit and city naming-pays attention to many historical details that are small-DID NOT group the persians up. instead had client states adding better gameplay-units look very well to the time period.-the strongest faction is the eastern romans which makes sense-could include many small things but i feel they did well on this part- the buildings are all very fun. each faction has different buildings and you do feel it when playing. and i love the quotes they put in. i think its on a sewer system or something and it says ""I thought they smelled bad on the outside""- the wiki is very well done. it gives you enough info to understand the building or unit as well as not giving you everything so youll want to research it on your own. do that, very fun to find this stuff on your own.pros gameplayMODS-MODS again. i felt that the armies rosters were very weak so i got mods that expanded all these. Oh gosh they are so amazing. with unit mods each faction feels sop different and although not historically accurate in some cases they are very fun. i recomend playing with mods-amazing gameplay map-very fun battles-units dont all feel the same-cav is powerful as youd expect but can be beaten by well trained forces. this is very historically accurate as cav died around this time and didnt come back around till about 600 or 700- its always fun to use elephants to smash people- my fav factions to play are Eastern Romans, Aksum, Geats and picts. all very different with mods as well- that campaign map is very fun. you can see which regions worship what god, the income, growth, natural resources ect- its funny, my second fav time period is Charlemagne times and i have to say that DLC is like the base game. really fun but again, mod it. However, youll really like it because its fun to make the Holy Roman Empire, lets face it.cons historical-alright. one thing that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off was that Stilicho is made out to look like an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who is corrupt and taking the Rome for himself. so inaccurate. In real life he was right hand man to Theodosius and served at frigidus and many other battlegrounds. He was the reason rome lasted another decade and defeated Alaric the Visigoth on 3 seperate occasions. he was beheaded as a ""Traitor"" later on.- Slavic Pagan armies will have names like ""Sons ofr Odin"" which is crap- the Western Roman Empire falls too damn quickly- on the total war wiki, modders who make units cant make a custom page for them. i understand why but at the same time. i wish they had another way of doing this. like an offline wiki only for that mod because i love reading about the unitscons gameplay- Spearmen feel useless- without mods, all germanic factions feel the same, all celtic factions feel the same and so on. they are okay and different in campaign mode but not battle.- OMG western rome falls too damn quick. every faction i play as, by 401 rome is gone. its like a land grab for the first 20 turns then turns into boring petty kingdoms fighting. the fighting between the franks and visigoths should be fun because they both fought each other under clovis but its drawn out and boring- I know this is supposed to be historically accurate but as the eastern romans, you start off with visigoths in greece and no armies nearby. 6 turns in greece is split between mutiple kingdoms or all destroyed.- Persians are too annoying to fight. its the same old battles after a while- oh my gosh, either the enemy armies bring all spearmen or slingers.- in custom battles, choosing a map is so hard. its supposed to let you choose anywhere in asia and europe but i always get hills, deep forest or pits. i just want some damn flat land- cant unit test and pit 2 units agaisnt each other. you always need a general unit in custom battles- i was not here for rome 2, but the limit on armies and navies is annoying.- have to pay extra money for factions that should have been in the damn game.- have to pay for blood and goreill update this list when i think of stuff. overall i say its a 8.7 out of 10. i found some annoying things but always came back for more. i overall really enjoyed this game and if you like total war im sure youll like this. if new to total war i would not start with this one though because you are thrown into♥♥♥♥♥♥right at the start. lastly i say play once un modded then mod. like most games now a days, go mods or go home"
,Not Recommended,325610,35504028,Posted: 5 October,all,INCREDIBILIS INFIRMUS ETIAM,It feels like the RTS game equivalent of trying to walk on ice; clumsy and awkward.
,Not Recommended,325610,35507722,Posted: 5 October,all,mos4567,"I can get past the poor diplomacy options, the strange and nonsensical actions of the AI,  the lack of balance, and the UI issues.What I can't get past is removal of relativistic battles. That seemed to be the one thing Total War had prior to war-hammer.Well so much for that.Walls now have magic towers that fire an unlimited supply magic missiles on their own somehow.When you move soldiers close to the the magic tower the soldiers stand their and do nothing at all.Every so often magic lights appears around them for, again, no reason at all.After enough time the tower magically falls apart, again, for no reason at all.I guess that means the soldiers are magic also since generally standing peacefully next to a building will not destroy it.Magic solders and magic walls... So much for realistic battles... And their is really no reason for this either.I did not expect magic in Attila and it has zero place in the game.I get that this is designed to be a capture the tower thing. That's great and all, just well, it has zero place in relativistic battles or anywhere in this game.  I mean I get it that their will always be elements that are not realistic. But this is not some nit picking on some minor detail. This is just dumb.I think less of Sega as a company now."
76561198345989770,Recommended,325610,35499840,Posted: 5 October,all,Stellablu,"This is a really polished experience and a well put together game as would only be expected by now with the TW series. I can remember watching that show on History channel 'Decisive Battles' in like 04' which used Rome Total War to show how historical battles actually played out and have been impressed since. Always next level as far as large scale military strategy games go, and this one adds soo much content and detail compared to anything in this genre. I have a 1070 gtx and have everything maxed out on highest res & modded with graphical and animation enhancements with only light moments that dip to 30fps. But I also must add though; for all those complaining about needing to play on lowest settings with 1080ti's is that cpu is king here. Games like this which have countless calculations to make need more than a beasty gpu behind a long bottle neck and a cork processor to do the to maxed settings and res. Highly recommend as its a perfect reminder of why pc gaming is boss...."
76561198387235260,Recommended,325610,35497760,Posted: 5 October,all,Glade,This game is amazing i recomend it to anybody who has played total war..... to really experince the game the dlcs are a must have. i have played over 220 hours.it is one of my favorite games. #ice cream for life
