user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,325730,14816068,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,VanDamn,"*** This review contains spoilers ***My reason for buying this game in early accessI got a 75% coupon for this game, the description and media material looked promising, and since I´m a strategy/rpg/scifi fan, why not.Starting the gameFirst, an option dialog opens and lets you choose a resolution and window-mode as an option.This seems to be the only way for it, since the in-game ""Option"" option doesn´t work so far (can´t click it). Besides that you have options for ""continue"", ""new game"", ""load game"" (you can´t save games atm, so nothing to load), ""credits"" and ""exit"". Continuing a game, you can choose the first and second map (a third to be expected soon), it also says ""Page 1 of 5"".There is a countdown timer until the next big release is scheduled.Starting a new game, the intro sets you in Earth´s +100ish years future. One day meteors literally start falling out of the sky. This comes as a total suprise to its inhabitants. (If you plan on becoming an astronomist, don´t, there obviously is no market for it in the future.)Humanity then goes on to build one (1) spaceship.After three years of meteor rain, the ship is launched just as earth is destroyed, and mankind boldly goes where no one has gone before.After some time of travel a planet is discovered. The planet seems to be inhabited by monsters, living in a harsh environment. Oh, and there are underground ruins.GameplayDespite being a nice intro, it has nothing to do with the actual gameplay. Like, at all.After an intro showing earth´s destruction and humanity escaping into space, you would think that you actually play a human civilisation, right?WRONG!Obviouslyyou will play bug-like aliens, who have to kill lizard-like aliens to satisfy fire demons.True, the title says ""Hive"", but still. Well, maybe it´s just me.You start your civilisation with one worker, being able to build 3 buildings: Hive, Barracks, and Worker Den (storage building).You can build Workers (building and ressource gathering), Legionnaires (light melee), Hunters (light range), Hive Queen (heavy melee).On the first mission, you have to build up your base, an army, an then venture out to kill some mobs and some more mobs. You´re finished after killing the boss, which a fire demon tells you to do.On the second mission (which I´m currently playing), you have additionally a puzzle to solve.Pro´s and Con´sThis is an early access review, so I will not bother to list any con´s or complain about missing content until the game is actually released. From the actual content it seems to be more like a pre-alpha, but still, by far not the worst early access I´ve seen.On the positive side, the game sets the ground for a lot of nice things and has lots of potential. Despite being labeled as adventure/indie/strategy it is more a strategy/scifi/rpg.StrategyCould be compared with Age of Empires. You can collect ressources, at the moment food and ressource, and have a population cap. You can build different units in different buildings. I´d like more buildings, units, hopefully research.RPGThe fact that your units have the slots for items (Weapon, Shield, Helmet, Armor, 2 Rings), even though you can´t build items yet, gives me great hope for the final release. Units have attack and defense values, and the ability to level, even though you don´t see any xp values so far. Looking forward to this.ScifiThe fact that you´re playing alien bugs on a different planet is just awesome, right?I´d like to see more races, maybe some humans mentioned in the intro could venture out into the game.FeaturesBesides your UI on the bottom you also have a minimap. The view can be rotated 360° horizontally and about 30° vertically (meaning almost birds-view to almost overseeing the entire map). The game has decent graphic and atmospheric voice acting.I personally am really hoping for a crossover between Age of Empires and Heroes of Might and Magic. Also, multiplayer would be appreciated.SummaryIf you happen to come across this game and like the genre, but don´t want to buy an early access game, it´s at least worth putting on your watchlist.***********************************************************************************************************UpdateI did some reading about the game, it seems that humans will be introduced into the story later, so the intro actually WILL make sense at some point of the game release.Really looking forward to the finished game."
,Recommended,325730,29783831,Posted: 8 February,all,Orlendis,"PROS:-great plot-nice looking graphics-decent music-RTS with RPG aspectsCONS:-only 10 levels, (although 4 different difficulty settings)-only 1 race-not many unit choices (I think total of 8, 1 of which is the harvester)"
,Not Recommended,325730,30021484,Posted: 18 February,all,Kailyr,"I bought this game on sale for £6.99. I would not have paid full price for it.The game is ok. Nothing more.Ten levels, with four levels of difficulty. You'll get at least ten hours of gameplay out of it if you see it through. There is no saving, you have to complete a level in one sitting or else restart. The game has an unfortunate habit of experiencing a disappearing cursor, making gameplay impossible. The camera and controls suck.Whilst the story is interesting, the content is lacking and the voice acting/narration is dreadful. The formula for each level simply amounts to: build up your army as quick as possible and destroy the enemy. It quickly becomes repetitive and a chore."
76561198117861731,Recommended,325730,18359852,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Reyadh.Rahaman,"A lot of things about The Hive are great, but being an early access game, there's obviously many things it is still lacking.Positives:-Great visuals, the evironment genuinely feels alive and alien and suits the gameplay well-Great music, very tribal and gives you a sense that you're in a primordial ecosystem-Fun as hell, I love controlling the units and getting them to attack/harvest/mine things-Building structures is straight forward and easy to get used to-Combat is what you expect from a game like this and is also easy to get used to-Great voice acting, the Insectoid Advisor reminds of Waspinator from Beast Wars. Which is awesome.Negatives:-No options! What's up with that? I get that it's early access, but I'm disspointed I could not adjust the graphic quality or volume settings as well as the other options-The difficulty ramps up increadibly quickly, too quickly. The first 3 stages were a peice of cake, but in stage 4 enemies literally swarm you before you have a chance to build up your defenses. I assume with the inclusion of the DNA resource, and the upgrade that come with it, stage 4 would be a lot more reasonable, but as of right now its too hectic and almost unplayable.-No naming system. I want to name all my insectoid minions and build a connection with them as they level up.With all that being said I would highly recommend The Hive and I look forward to updates that will make this game better."
76561198051696868,Recommended,325730,15931550,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Durk Tries,"This is current as of Alpha Build 0.05Simply put, this is an RTS with an interesting story and beautiful artwork. As far as game mechanics go, there is nothing groundbreaking but it holds with the tried and true mechanics in most RTS games.If you don't want to read a (somewhat) detailed review, here's a first impression video of the first ~15 minutes of the game:https://youtu.be/i8V94XbAthgThe controls are extremely intuitive especially if you've ever played an RTS before. 9/10The artwork is amazing. It's all relatively low poly with surprisingly detailed textures. At one point I spent a full minute just staring at a leaf because I was so impressed with it. While the lifeforms in the water are very good, there aren't many  bugs or animals roaming other than the turtles you kill for food. 8/10As for mechanics it's like any other RTS game. It functions almost the same as Age of Mythology which came out 10+ years ago. 8/10The story has some cool and interesting possibilities to it but I still don't know how the opening trailer relates in any way to the game so far. It's just too early to tell. ?/10Overall this is a fun game, with good artwork and an intriguing story but it is too soon to give a real rating for it. If I were basing a rating on potential and vision I'd say 9/10. But it's just too soon to say much other than it's ?/10.If you're undecided here's a first impressions video of the first ~15 minutes of the game -https://youtu.be/i8V94XbAthgAt this stage in the build I'd say buy it if it's on sale or just give it a little more time."
,Recommended,325730,28796352,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,N71,"Bought it on early access, made through it after the release.Contras:- Not so much strategy for RTS. Gameplay is simple.- Too simple for RPG too.- DNA idea is diminished to the upgrade points- No save game during the level- Bad camera- BugsPros:- Story driven gameplay and- DNA system is developing along with scenario, so you still have a feeling of playing RPG. Over RTS.- Save game is promised soon. But in the middle of walkthrough I understood why devs did not made it already- You will get used to camera, just do it with keyboard- Devs fixing bugs on the fly. I was very surprised and happy about thisAnd the main thing here is Atmosphere. The world is really deep, well-made and attractive. So, despite the game is raw, I vote up. And hoping for DLC or Part II."
,Recommended,325730,15525024,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Rusty One Two,"This review is current as of Alpha 0.5 ""The Wasteland,"" and contains potential spoilers.This is a fairly standard RTS with a unique story that will be interesting to see unfold as the Early Access alpha progresses. I have posted some screenshots of curiosities in play that may represent known or unknown bugs.For the prospective player, I would suggest considering this game if you if you like your RTS with lots of story. If you're looking for constant explosions and AAA graphics interlaced with hyper-masculine robo-marines, I think you know where to go. This is an indie title in development, not a finished game, and not THAT sort of game to begin with.For the player/developer, like me, this is a great game for several reasons, not the least of which actually is the state that it's currently in. We can see that the game engine works fine, it may be Unity based on a number of observable factors but there are other things it *could* be, and as each act is released we see the gameplay mature.For the developer of this game, I do have some notes.Story - The introductory movie actually strongly implies that we are playing the humans, which was confusing, and then we are not playing the humans, and then three levels into the game there are human-like things but they don't seem to be the humans. The levels we move through appear to be sunlit but there is reference to ""the surface,"" and there are trees and such, which again imply that we are not in catacombs or underground, but are on a surface of some kind. This is confusing. While story in RTS is usually very linear, it would be nice to see player agency used to some degree. We appear to be playing the villains of the story, and the Insectoid Advisor character, having voice acting that comes out similar to a cartoon villain, frequently commands you to kill things that could have been talked to. Also, from the science fiction beginnings of the 'ark in space' we are immediately then fighting undead and summoning golems and performing rituals to contact the underworld. Some preparation for that would have been nice. It makes this a Fantasy game, or a Science Fantasy game, rather than a Science Fiction game.Art Assets and Theme - The Hive we are controlling is frequently referred to as 'insectoid' but it appears to be more like crustaceans and snails. Particularly the Hive Queen who has a beautiful shell. These features are not typical of insects or hive creatures, but of animals we are familiar with for being individual, though small and often found repellant. Obviously it's far too late in development to change the art assets themselves, but some explanation and description of the animals hierarchy, their anatomy, how they work as a hive, these things would be interesting and would add a lot to the game. The strength of this game is all in the name, people come here for the bugs, it's good that they're beautiful, I think they should be diverse as they have been made so far, and I think they should probably be linked at a psychic or magical level (whatever fits your mythology better) and differ from what we have previously understood as insects or hive creatures. This should probably get some discussion in game, but perhaps not directly as instruction. The hive might absorb a new creature type (consider the highly successful mechanic from Endless Legend in having secondary kingdoms provide new units) and get a chance to have the advisor discuss how ""These two species are both compatible with our hive psyche, but we lack the strength to absorb both of them! Choose one, and destroy the other!"" And then you pick, say, whether you take over the lizard people from the first couple levels as scouts or the mega-turtles as heavies. The assets change to match your color scheme and after a couple levels have tentacles or bug armor and their name has changed. They've gone from ""lizard thrall"" to ""Lizardoid Scout"" without any ceremony.Terrain - I like the terrain for the most part, but it could really benefit from normal maps and shadows. If the game is in Unity, consider the Relief Terrain Pack and Advanced Foliage Shader assets. It might be a bit of a job integrating them into your project, but I think you would find at least some use of the shaders beneficial. The terrain stands out as less animated and lower quality than your other art assets. I'd recommend introducing wind and weather. If the game is intended to be underground, that needs to come across in the terrain. You've clearly got a good grasp of particles and smoke, use those skills to do shafts of light reaching down, dust sifting through huge caverns, that kind of thing. It shouldn't be so sunny if it's underground.RTS Mechanics - The Hive has a squad cap apparently equal to 1 + (11x(The Number of Hives you build), but each unit type has a hidden cap as well. I discovered this by accident when I built a second hive in the second mission in order put a healing station next to the ritual so my army would not face any attrition during the time attack sequence. After building the second main base building, I had a squad cap of 23, but I could really only build to about 15 units including 5 or 6 workers. This number of workers made resource gathering easy, and they are combat capable. In the third act adding the Medic brought the total squad cap to 16, even though building a second main base building brought it to 23 again. I have some screen shots on my profile documenting this. Also, perhaps before the enemies get any smarter or numerous, we need an ""attack move"" command, really a staple of the modern RTS, in which units are commanded to move and attack anything in their pathway.Gameplay - The biggest area for improvement for this game is the way it feels. The Hive really feels very much unlike a hive. The units build and fight pretty much like any other army in any other basic RTS I've played. The game is in the early stages of development, and the story is really what shines here, but I think there is huge potential here that is being overlooked.Make the Hive into a hive.It may sound impossible to go back and change these fundamentals. If it is, sorry for saying negative things and providing solutions you can't use. However, I'm going to suggest these things because, as a developer myself, I can see a way that these solutions could be made a reality and how they could really make this title pop.A unit should be a swarm of units, rather than a group of 3 to 5. The Queen should be the first unit out, and should be able to start producing drones. Rather than specific commands and individual orders, worker drones should be given targets, and since they should be particles under Boid logic rather than individual units, they should be commanded from the Queen unit or a fundamental menu. So, you can still have the workers build buildings and fish fish pools and kill turtles, but there should be a whole lot more of them doing it at once. Then the Queen builds the hive and moves into it, gaining an upgrade to Squad cap and uses it as a protective measure. The same really goes for the other unit types, though honestly, they should be promoted up from worker drones. The drones should always be doing something, and they should be crawling around all over everything. There needs to be tons of them.The reason I think this is doable is that, for example if the game is in Unity which I develop in, it's a change in game mechanics which is mostly a secondary scripting issue, and it's a change from using prefabs of individual assets to using prefabs of particle emitters which emit particles that are prefabs of those assets. The particle density would actually be controlled by the capacity of the machine the game was running on. So your squad cap is 12 *swarms* each of which is automatically created as blank drones that just run around, and those swarms might be dozens of bugs.I think it would be fantastic."
76561198037579084,Recommended,325730,19779452,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Sevik,"I'm so glad I bought this game. I didn't think I'd ever come back to the RTS-genre but here I am!+ The ingame-graphics look good to me and I like the simple look/feel of the loading screens.+ Most of the maps are very detailed and have hidden treasures that one can hunt down, making it even more fun to mow than every red dot on your map.+ The units are already fleshed out and have a unique feeling to them. They can be levelled and equipped with various items.+ I really like the voiceacting and the music.- The game is easy to get into but harder to keep playing when you don't have enough time at hand. It still lacks a save-feature so you either finish a level or you have to start anew next time you want to play.The story and the feel of the game are what makes me come back to it. I'm being an overly attached player in The Hive and I can't bear to lose units. (They're always sent back to one of the hives.  I am a benevolent god.)All in all I can say that I'm really looking forward to seeing where this game goes and what else will be added! I think the creators have done a great job so far. Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,325730,29357989,Posted: 19 January,all,Vault,"Lets deal with this now. There is no in game save. Fine, at least theres a feature that saves progress when finished an Act.""Operation cwal, black sheep wall and power overwhelming 'do not work.'""First off lets talk about the bad since its apparent right off the bat.For all of usStarcraftvets know we rip offs when we see it. But its not bad here, just sounds and Zergling-ish skins.When you start the game you meet you advisor whose voice is rather questioning, is it a bug or a slow talker with a weird voice. I listened to it the first time through the game, but skipped after that because it wasn't so great.Now the slow march to finish and repetitive nature of missions is problem. In a RTS game there is always some incentive to try and rush through a mission with some measure of strategy. In my case all I needed to do was turtle up and max out my army to be able to handle everything.You could even wait till you have your Avatar, Rhino's and Medics all fully equipped with defensive items and you'll likely be able to kill the Drowned God with that set up. So strategy is out the window.Inventory sorting needs work. A quick fix to this would have been adding an auto-sort. Also, the fact you can't place items from one bag into another isn't great.Hotkeys for building should have been implemented before the game was released. RTS games do require this.Camera controls are undefensibly terrible. For me I just rotated my camera to face north and left it there,forever.Puzzles are not puzzles, its basically like using the Claws in Skyrim, then rotating the dials to complete a picture. Not puzzly in my opinion.There are too few different types of enemies with all the same weaknesses. If you have a high attack power you win since almost every enemy has about the same attack power and defense power.Even bosses or elite enemies are like this. Stat differences would be welcome.Unit response time is a big thumbs down. In most cases right-clicking on the map makes the units move immediately but there are times when the units just sit there (idle)  for a second or two (sometimes even while in battle) then decide to run. Bad because theres a chance you could lost your squad or important units.Now that the bad is out of the way lets look at some good things.DNA is kind of unique, there are systems like this in other games but none (in my experience) that continues between missions. Basically its research points acquired through disassembly of your unwanted items. Its awesome, but you'll have so much more than you need by Act 7. Not a deal breaker though and still a positive.The story is what can make a game great, this is getting there. While the story can be slow and the ending leaves you wondering why there wasn't more Acts introduced, its decent and can definitely be expanded in future updates.Overall, it may seem like the Cons outweigh the Pros but all in all its still a good game. The Cons will most likely be things that can be fixed later on and their small things, except for the slow march and extreme repetition of missions."
76561198061181193,Recommended,325730,16008142,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,SavageNymph,"This game has quite a bit of potential in my opinion.Right now it is a bit boring, to easy and lacks content.I recommend either buying now to support the developer or keep an eye on it and wait for a few more updates."
,Recommended,325730,14614297,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,[LINUX]Wolfyrion,I really had a very enjoyable experiance with The Hive.Even though is a short game around 30-45 mins as an early acess you will love it :)Cant wait for the next patch ..
76561198286158137,Not Recommended,325730,26485208,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,TheGentleWanderer,"As others have said before, this game has been fully released but feels unfinished.Gameplay is far from smooth, with a slowed reaction to almost all camera movement and unit selection that make it feel as if it is running the computer hardware at full capacity in order for the game to play, despite being well over the recommended system requirements.The story is half baked, and playthroughs of levels very repetitive with very little strategy involved, mostly just a grind of time to finish levels is all that is needed.Almost if not every aspect feels like it falls into the unfinished category or as a game from the year 2005 for kids.Unless you are completely new to RTS games and like little challenge (or an impossibly difficult challenge, hard mode on level 4/5 makes it so you are attacked right away by enemy units with no time to set up a proper base), then this game is not for you."
76561198210194044,Recommended,325730,24836509,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,yalpersahin333,"this is a cute little game that combines real-time-strategy with a great story and many other goodies. it has great visuals and art design which is adorned with good music. the game world is really interesting and will captivate you with its alien atmosphere. story is also good, but the game needs more lore to fill this beautiful alien world. base building is very minimalistic. while, this might be good a thing for some people, it's not my cup of tea. more and varied buildings would be a very nice addition. units, on the other hand, are much more varied, but a few more distinct units would certainly add a bit a little bit more color to the game. units can be customized by equipping them with item that drop from the enemies or chests. they can also be given permanent mutations. this mutations are purchased with the dna currency that is gained by scrapping items. the combat in the game feels a bit simplistic. it is there and it works, but don't expect much. puzzles can get a bit problematic if you forget paying attention to your missions. overall, for all its shortcomings this is still a good game that stands out as a unique piece in the genre, i've really enjoyed playing it and would recommend it if you like strategy games and a good story.IN SHORT:+great visuals+great art style+beautiful world+wonderful story+unit customization with items and mutations+the devs are fairly active-only four types of buildings,-combat needs improvement-units also needs a bit more types-lore is scarce"
,Recommended,325730,14813368,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Insanity,"This game is amazing, and taking in consideration it is only in Alpha, it isvery stable. The art-work, graphics and soundtrack are gorgeous, the voice acting being the icing on the cake ^.^I would reccommend it anyone with a passion on strategy and story-driven games.Keep an eye on this game, it will be somthing real soon!"
76561198005406191,Not Recommended,325730,29755610,Posted: 6 February,all,servvsumbrarum,"New Review!!! Yay! -------------------------------Greetings Everyone!  I want to start by saying I was given a copy of this by the developer to provide critique and amend my review if I so chose.  I will state that my thoughts have changed about the game to some degree some for the better others for the worse.  I plan to submit a list of some improvements that I feel could be made to the game if they are wanted.  I am not one to think that my opinion is somehow valuable but I do try to be honest and true to my opinions as they are.How do I walk:  The controls have been improved, though I do take issue to the choices of hotkeys used, there is still no hotkeys for the buildings and many other items.  This is unfortunately not a large issue because you have access to only a handful of combat units (7 in total I believe) with only a few active abilities between them.To tell a story:  I still enjoy the setting, but after playing the game from beginning to end (something I did not originally do) the story fell really flat.  I’m not even sure what the point was.  I could sum up the story in a single sentence but even then it wasn’t really interesting.  If it were up to me the entire campaign would be condensed into 2-4 missions and simply be the first chapter of a much bigger story.  This may be the plan but each mission just feels like a generic dungeon crawl with RTS mechanics.  Like a game I just reviewed I am left with the ideal that this setting is fresh and interesting but told from a boring perspective.  The pacing left much to be desired and I found myself dazing off watching TV or reading something as the game really didn't push me to the next plot.Did I do good:  I love the concept of playing something non-human, just like in Grey Goo but the units still don’t feel unique, they all feel like some offshoot of the same 4 legged insect, with as broad appearances that insects have in real life there is no need for this.  I’d really love to see some color added to the game, the scenes still feel a bit flat, why the Rhino can’t be a bright color to convey taunting or the hunter and legionnaires have some unmistakable cosmetic differences.  I see some inspiration from the HomeWorld series here as many of the units are too ‘real’ and functional but need some ‘umph’ to make them stand out.Overall, I still do not feel this game is worth the $20 in the current condition.  BUT! I do think that it should be supported; the developer cares a lot about this game, is constantly interacting with the community, creating new patches and seems to have a passionate direction for this game.  I say that we can spend our money on more entertaining games yes, but the value we provide to support this game is by no means a waste.  With that if you want to see the next generations of indie games take off we need to support the creators.Old Review -------------------- (I leave all my old reviews up as a commitment to honesty)An interesting concept in story but fall flat in presentation but I’m getting ahead of myself.  Let’s start with the controls, the hallmark of any good RTS, because that is what this game really is, an RTS with (albeit interested) poorly conveyed narrative.The controls for the most part are okay, disappointing, but okay.  The issue is that there have been so many great RTS’s that have established essential components that are painfully missing from this game.  I constantly found myself trying to use normal shortcuts, features or quality of life improvements that are just plainly missing.  The interface only makes this worse, as the HUD feels unfinished and lacked icons that left an impression.  I can only hope in the designer’s goal to make the HUD feel ancient that they merely lost sight.The graphics continue a feeling of incomplete, like a college project or a game still focusing on the mechanics and not the graphics.  Ultimately it feels more at home in the early C&C days not in the age of Age of Goo, StarCraft and Dawn of War.  If this was early access it would be a lot more understandable but only just.  The story continues this incomplete feel.This is my largest concern, the story and RPG mechanics.  Both found wanting, the story focuses on the mysterious nature leaving a painfully dull campaign that feels more like a dungeon crawl with unlimited resources.  The RPG mechanics are just leveling mechanics of throwaway units with gear that just didn’t seem all that needed.  Again, everything is left feeling unfinished.I hope this game is completed, I love the idea of an RTS RPG (Dawn of War is an amazing example), leveling heroic units while equipping them along side an army in a well tuned and inspirational story of an alien species rising from below.  Until then, I’m afraid I’ll just have to keep waiting…"
56546236544432266,Recommended,325730,16023504,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,ToBadForYou,Love it so far! Mixing strategy with puzzle is perfect since I love both of them! Though the game only have around 1h and 30 mins gameplay (Alpha 0.05) I would still recommend the game as you should acknowledge it's still in Early Access and they release more gameplay content every 3rd month or so.
76561198052269537,Not Recommended,325730,25632302,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,kiphulse,"Update: The Developers have said they are working on a 'save anywhere' feature for the game. Please be aware of that when reading my review.The game itself seems pretty good, there's just one major problem:NO SAVE FEATUREIf you lose, you have to go back to the begining of the chapter. Same goes for if your game crashes. Even an option to start from the point of your last compleated mission would improve things, but since gathering DNA and items seem to be significant features of the game saving is really the only sensible option.Not having a save feature in a game like this is a major game killer."
,Recommended,325730,18293023,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Flxur,"Cool and fun little game:D i enjoyed it for the time i played, im going to play more but as of now im already intrested in this concept and cant wait untill they will add more kinds of buildings creatures and enemy's this game would be great!"
76561198008233990,Recommended,325730,29000262,Posted: 4 January,all,ocnuybear,"RTS game with classic base building, defenses with ranged & melee units.Although there is some issues with AI shooting through walls and slow downs in huge fights, I really enjoyed this as I'm not a fan of the typical fast MOBA RTS you get nowadays.PROS:Can build towers & base almost anywhere - can be build right next to big bosses to support your units.Nice graphics & can run on slower machines as well.Set Difficulty levelAfter you setup your initial defenses you can take your time to attack the enemy.CONS:Cannot save level progress, (but does remember the levels finished)AI shooting through walls.Occasional slow downs in huge fights.No skirmish"
,Recommended,325730,33758408,Posted: 23 July,all,GarrickWinter,"If there were a thumbs-sideways on Steam, that's what I'd give The Hive.Let's start with the bad - this game feels like the development team bit off way more than they could chew. The pacing is a bit sluggish, the UI is kind of primitive, and there are a very small number of units available to you, described in a way that suggests there were a lot more planned (you've got a barracks ""for light infantry"" but literally no other building for producing military units). There are also a very limited set of enemies to face, there's basically no soundtrack, and let's not forget the graphics remind me of Age of Mythology or, if we want to be very generous, Warcraft 3 - it's not ugly, in fact the units are visually well-designed all things considered, it just looks like an RTS from the early 2000s. There are also flying units that don't actually move differently to anyone else - I'm guessing they didn't have the bandwidth to build out distinct pathfinding and combat logic for flying units. All of this makes me think the developers had grand ambitions and ended up having to cut corners, which kind of sucks for everyone.There are a few things that are just genuinely bad, though: the dialog writing and voice acting. For a story-based RTS, they've actually got a pretty interesting high concept and some neat ideas (there's no clear good and evil for the most part, there's a neat sci-fi backdrop, there are a lot of weird races and ancient history, the ecology implied is kinda nuts), but every time a character starts talking it just feels stilted and awkward. The story did little to help me care about my faction or any of their characters. Units in combat also don't have much weight - impacts don't register strongly visually or aurally, so things feel a bit floaty.That said, I do think this is an interesting game worth considering if you're into RTS games. Aside from the interesting story concepts mentioned above, there are a few things here I really appreciated. Some were small AI innovations - if you tell your army to attack-move somewhere, your healers will automatically move along and start healing any units they can instead of running at the enemy, which is nice. Others were balance things - resources are pretty scarce in this game, as befits something set entirely in a cave, and a bit part of the challenge is using the few resources available to you wisely, which is a big part of what an RTS is all about.There are also some enemies with complex boss-style attacks, and while the UI is primitive and the pacing is off, they're well-telegraphed and force you to consider what units to apply and how to move them around to keep them alive. One of the most interesting dynamics is the fact that loot and equipment you find for your units can also be broken down into DNA, which is needed for research - so do you keep a persistent item that can buff any one unit throughout the campaign, or do you melt it down into points for persistent research that unlocks new units or boosts all units? It's an underdeveloped system, but it was an interesting trade-off to have to think about, and one I've never seen before.So, long story short, we have here an interesting but flawed game. Why am I saying recommend? Well, I think that if the developers have the chance to develop the (heavily implied) sequel, and if they learned good project management lessons from this game, they could actually be onto something really special. There's potential here, and I can appreciate potential in a game even if the execution isn't great, to some extent. So if you're open to something with a lot of rough edges, maybe give The Hive a try, and you'll find something kinda interesting."
76561198363712327,Recommended,325730,33868248,Posted: 28 July,all,david.stout3rd85,A vary fun game cant wait to see mods and expansion packs
,Recommended,325730,32909852,Posted: 27 June,all,The Emperor,"The Hive is pretty hard, but it's fun to look at. You can spend your time grinding through it if you want, but I think they need to update it just a bit more."
76561198000250592,Recommended,325730,31917180,Posted: 23 May,all,kikaiderloveslala,"A game with an interesting premise, but it's interface is rather primitive and it's very slow-paced.  For me personally, the interesting world and the chance to play an insect/crustacean hybrid makes it a tentative recommend.  But what's with the updates?  There's been many updates for the game, but the makers don't mention what's been changed"
76561198021559677,Not Recommended,325730,25768333,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Malaficus Shaikan,It is your standerd rts.Build base.Kill enemies.It doesnt seem to have anything that makes it stand out against the hunderds of vastly better rts.
76561197999774613,Not Recommended,325730,17436420,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,killmefool,"I started this game with the expectation of a RTS with ant simulation comparisons. What I got was a Warcraft 2 style game only with ¾ of the content taken out.You can finish the solo campaign in less than 2 hours and there are no skirmish options or multiplayer just the campaign. As far the strategy in RTS there is none the npc just stand at their base (normally 3-5 guys per camp) and wait for you to attack them.Workers build gather resources but can only build 3 buildings a barracks, town hall (hive) and a resource-depo, you can only build 2 types of soldier range and melee. there’s a cap to how much soldier you can build ( 3 rangers,4 melee) but that don’t matter because just 1 melee unit  can take out 1 npcIt is on early access but it’s barely a game more of a teaching tool for toddlers on how to play a RTS. The game at its current stage it's not even worth 3£ let allow the 14£ there asking"
76561198020162309,Recommended,325730,16326437,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Mats Rivel,"UPDATE: After the game has been updated, units have been added and bugs fixed, I have decided to change my review from not reccomended to reccomended. I will leave my old review below so that my change in oppinion is more apparent.The puzzles and challenges of the maps have been way improved. They are more challenging and more interresting. They have added multiple units that add variation to the gameplay. They have added gear to make the decicions you make more impactful. The new units are more balanced, and more role-defining. You actually feel like you control a hero and his motly crew, and not just a bunch of punching entities. The game is not perfectly polished, but not far from.Great improvements have been made, and the develoupes actually listen when you come with critesism about aspects of the game.I can now actually reccomend the game, and the price is not bad either.UPDATE: The develoupers have requested me to try the game out now that they have added a lot of new, potentionally great stuff to the game. I will soon update my review to suit the games current state.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Previous consideration:PS: This can all change. I wrote this review in the early access verision of the game. The developers might improve this game, but as it is i would        ------ Not reccomend this game ------So far, the game is too simple. You have four units in total: a worker, a basic melee unit, basic ranged unit and a tanky ""queen"". The queen, despite her stature, serves no purpose but fighting. Neither does the other units exept workers.Resources are immensly inbalanced.By killing only a tortoise you can feel yourself for most of the game, whilst a mineral pile depletes nearly instantly. The puzzls does not require thinking, only time as you have to look for things in small piles etc. You can look stuff without having a unit near it, which in my oppinion seems wierd. You should at least have to have a unit loot the items around the map.I miss more than just two structures, and i miss more units. I would like it to have a more tactical and resource-managing view, but its just get food -> Make units - > Rampage everything.I even killed a boss before the cutscene of him talking was over, without actually intending to kill him.This game has a few cool elements, but most of it is too easy and too simple. Its honestly a game that would be most suitable a phone.The concept is great, and if you can catch it on a sale it might be worth it for some. If you, on the other hand, like challenging games then this is not for you."
,Recommended,325730,22574058,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,TSkilleT_,looks cool
76561198098797115,Recommended,325730,24702757,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,rcone66,the game is get better. it has come a long way.
76561198261704904,Recommended,325730,28856913,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Jaydee14,This game is better than most of the other rts games I have played and I have been playing RTS since 1996. I really liked the storyline and I want more. It still feels incomplete and I am really hoping for a sequel.
76561198006891272,Recommended,325730,12440316,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,ForgottenBlade,"Review For Hive Version .122 (Current for the date of February 9, 2016)----Pros-----I enjoyed the theme and map layout.-The insect unit models looked great.-The resource gathering is micromanaged.-Everything is familiar.-Alot of the core RTS functions are there like waypoints, grouping units and building-The world is getting build one map at a time.-World puzzle elements that bring a feeling of Warcraft 3's campaign.-Developer installed a timer to tell how long the wait is till the next patch.----Cons That Were Fixed-----Though tool tips are now present the lack of unit statistics still remains. ((STATS and a inventory system have been added)-Units seem to not build when clicked at times and I wonder what causes that when the requirements are met. ((Everything is now explained))-No sound effects in place yet. ((Sound effects))----Cons-------The mini map alignment seems to be off. Units aren't appearing on the mini map where they are moving.----Conclusion----As this game continues to be developed it seems to become better and better. After playing through the newest updates I have changed my review to positive. I hope the devs continue to improve on there game to help it become fully realized."
,Recommended,325730,17848396,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Sourcarnival,This review is of the 0.08 version of the game. The developers have increased the games challenge. Building upon what is a solid topdown strategy gameplay experience.
,Recommended,325730,17576123,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Egorvich,"This is a fantastic and addictive game, I cannot wait for more content to be added. The idea behind giving units inventory is absolutely the sweet spot."
,Recommended,325730,24474755,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Izunundara,"I absolutely adore this game. It's like playing the Zerg in Warcraft 3. All units handle like a hero, except the one issue I take with this is they're reset to level 0 on death, nor do they auto-equip the items they had before death when resurrected. Definitely looking forward to future updates."
76561198170641198,Recommended,325730,14854893,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Xeranah,"I see a lot potential in this game. The graphics and voice acting are great, the existing units and enemies got a beautiful design and the first two maps were nice to play. The game is still early access and of course, got some bugs and you can't do much, but I'm sure when time goes by it will become a more and more enjoyable game.I'm really looking forward to the next update!"
76561198040557124,Recommended,325730,12472008,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Lazero,"I will give it a thumbs up, as is only a start or bare tutorial demo at most, but shows possibilities."
76561198014697858,Recommended,325730,18248061,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Cthumane,"Really enjoed the play through.  the bugs are minor -  making enemy selection when trying to co-ordinate attacks is sometimes difficult as they move too fast and the cursor doesn't pick them up in the same place.  Story is engaging, needs work in terms of where the race comes from and where it is going to as it doesn't yet link to the opening sequence.  Really looking forward to the development of this game as it looks to have a high replayability."
76561198134816223,Recommended,325730,25308681,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,sirfierus13,"Its a promising game. Great graphics and visuals of the game. Gameplay is interesting as well as the unique story of the Insectizoid empire you are currently trying to build as the sotry progresses. To the creators, i suggest adding hero units that are similar to the hive queen, but have different roles in their unit type. I also like the concept that, throughout the story/gameplay, the player is constantly looking for parts, equipment, and especially DNA that would help evolve currently owned and unlock more units to help you through the game. I would like to have more buildings that the workers can build like a blacksmith building or a market building where the player can collect pieces of raw material and uing those materials, create weapons and armor that units can equip. Overall, it is an amazing new game. There are still a lot of things missing that the would make this game very addictive to players, but it shows potential to become one."
76561198061128041,Recommended,325730,15711505,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,KrimsonVagus,"Real-time Strategy game + focus on Story and Puzzle elements + crab creatures!This is the first and only RTS I ever played that features puzzle gameplay as a main feature. But does it work?Disclaimer: Before you read further, even though I gave this game ""thumbs up"", I am only 50/50 on this one right now. My assessment is about whether it is worth your money or not, in Early Access. Keep that in mind.For $20 you currently gain access to the Hive race (crab/crustacean creatures) with 3 buildings and few soldiers (about 4 types in total + workers). They can only be played in campaign (currently only 3 missions) with moderate enemy variety. I don't think this is currently worth $20 UNLESS you like the concept of [RTS + Puzzle game] combination and you want to support the developers as they add more content.On the plus side, the developers are very passionate and dedicated about their work, and they respond to the players relatively well. If they maintain this level of commitment, The Hive has good potential. The are adding new features and content on a monthly basis. If you buy the game, you can see a TIMER that indicates exactly when the next update will be.Graphics: The Hive race reminds me of the Zerg but more like sea creatures than insects. The environment looks cute and grabs your attention with lots of details. Enemy monster design is very creative. I haven't seen anything like them in other games. The interface is very basic, but they are planning to add more tooltips and improvements with player feedback.Sound: Music is repetitive, but the ambiant sounds are perfect for the environment. The voices that your fighters make are just ADORABLE! Overall, the sound is solid for early access.Gameplay:Besides the standard (and very basic) RTS elements like building your base with workers, gathering resource and training fighters, you can also collect treasures (resources) and quest items (for puzzles) by clicking on them directly. Just like point-and-click games, you gotta zoom in and pay attention to details. Objects that ""sparkle"" indicate that you can interact with them.Puzzle solving is fun, but they need to add some random variables so that the solutions are different for the same puzzle in every playthrough. Otherwise, there will be little replayability and you will feel less motivated to play through it again (unless they add Multiplayer or Skirmish mode)Your workers can dig through the rubble in some areas to uncover minerals, but these locations are rare right now... and not very rewarding. They might contain hidden treasures with future patches.There are some odd bugs and/or poor coding (such as your soldiers attacking themselves if you right click on them while they are selected OR units clipping through terrain and, rarely, getting stuck). But I am confident that they will be fixed soon.Early Access rating: 6/10You can finish the campaign in about 2 hours, so content is little compared to the price. Right now, I only recommend buying it if you like the concept and wish to support the developers.Check out my campaign playthrough for more details. I hope you find it useful! :)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EMvv59t9KSQ&index=1&list=PLP90c0klxXzhlZDAd7hyIZt4fXxXZ1xmk"
76561198115699208,Recommended,325730,15100349,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,<DLT> Blobby,I like this game because its very hands on and fun with more content coming soon it seems like a very good game 5 stars..
76561198031481122,Not Recommended,325730,33620560,Posted: 17 July,all,Fishkeeper01,"Honestly the game feels incomplete. The story is nice and the visuals are excelent, but the overall gameplay is... lacking. Only 4 buildings (Hive/Spawn, Barracks, Storage/Science, Turret) and decidely limited units. There are like 5 different enemy types: Skeleton Lizard, Lizard, Tauren Knockoff, Larger Tauren Knockoff, and Dinosaur Lizard. The bosses are cool, but rather unimaginative (necromancer... twice. The same necromancer -_-). Certain aspects of the game make no sense (how can a flying unit not cross territory unless land units can?) and a few pieces that feel like they could have been done much better (there is no real lead-up to the final boss except a few notes that it exists. Also, that lava-beast from the first level).Ratings:Gameplay: 4/10Story: 7/10Units: 5/10Bosses: 6/10Buildings: 2/10Technology: 3/10Overall: 4/10This game is trying to be an RPG, 4X, and Strategy game. It succedes a little in each of those areas, but not enough to make up for the fairly disjointed overall gameplay. *Almost* recomend, but don't."
76561198093477440,Not Recommended,325730,14174033,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Klofle,"I'm writing this review on 1/25/2015. The game is in early access version 0.03.The game is a strategy game reminicent of an RTS like age of empires but with more of a story type of element. The game has you piloting an alien insectoid species. There is definitely some really cool ideas that the developers are working with here. I believe I read somewhere that you would eventually be able to evolve your species to gain buff and whatnot. As of yet, there is very limited actual in game content, which is to be expected sometimes in early access games.  Eventually there could definitely be an amazing game here, but I think there is too little to justify purchasing it as of yet.If you watch some videos or read some stuff and decide you want to support the developers like I did, hope they create a great game, and want to be involved in some feedback here and there, then by all means get it. But if on the fence, I'd have to say wait until there is a little more meat to the game to decide whether or not you want to get it. I'll keep and eye on it and change my reccomend option when/if the game gets to the point where it's worth buying for the average person. But it just doesn't have enough playability/function as some of the other early access games out there. But again, take this review as an extremely early opinion on whether to buy, not as the quality of a final game to come. It definitely has a lot of potential."
76561198038851797,Recommended,325730,15091619,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Mr N,"Early Access review for Alpha 0.04.I decided to pick up this Early Access game as it was on offer, although it is still in very early development. I'm very glad that I did.I'm a fan of older real time strategy games, like Age of Empires. I've found a lot of the more modern RTS games concentrate more on combat. This game looks like it's shaping up to be more like an adventure/RTS game, with possible role play elements.Despite being in early development, the team have created a beautiful and fascinating game world and have a great concept. The game levels are full of detail and really show the potential that this alien Eden has. It also has an interesting back story, although that hasn't been explored fully yet. How do the Human colonists in the game intro fit into the tale of the emerging Hive? What happened to the ancients who built the ruins in the caverns below the surface.The game concept and setting make this RTS game stand out. I'm very keen to see this game develop. Although there is a lot of work still to do, the developers have made an excellent and promising start. Definitely an RTS/adventure game to keep your eye on, or support in early access. With what is available to play so far, The Hive looks like it will be an interesting, relaxing and enjoyable RTS/adventure title, rather than a frenzied 'Zerg-Rush' style battle game. That really appeals to me.+ Original game concept with the emerging insect hive, and much potential for the story.+ Beautifully realised game levels and settings so far. The games concept artists have done an amazing job.+ A mix of older style RTS gameplay, like Age of Empires, and newer RTS innovations, such as building squads instead of individual units.- Still very early in development. Very stable game, seems well put together, but has limited content at time of writing.If you like to support promising early access titles which promise something different, I'd encourage you to give this game a careful look.If you're not so sure about paying for a title which is still in fairly early stages of development, I'd say keep your eye on this game. It has Cult Classic written all over it, at the very least. If it lives up to it's early promise, The Hive could easily end up being something very special."
,Recommended,325730,24112755,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,ForgeDrake,how would I discribe this game - first thoughtstake diablo 2 dungeon crawl where you can upgrade characters add gear and level up - then think you chose the zerg as your characterits wierd but fun a cool idea of a game
76561197983708313,Recommended,325730,13330746,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Ultimate Mayhem,"Yeah found a glitch, when i completed level 2, in the talking cutseen where i could do nothing, the monster in the same time killed the alien/stuff what was doing thier job, so i got to menus : misson won and misson failed, hard to click stuff. but still a great game"
76561198064623147,Recommended,325730,14965051,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Hakuna your tatas,"It looks beautiful, is fun to play and is the kind of game I was hoping for.But for now it's too short and too simple (passive enemies, overload of food)It does have the right ingredients to become awesome; as long as it gets more variety, becomes more extensive (gameplay) and more challenging."
,Not Recommended,325730,33491813,Posted: 12 July,all,MrSpicyGaming,"The game tries to combine RPG and RTS elements together which results in you having to follow a ""story-line"" basically. To me, this game is very sluggish to actually get you going and get real content in front of you. The visuals are nice but overall gameplay I found to be just meh."
76561197993495947,Not Recommended,325730,34451469,Posted: 23 August,all,Himax,"This is half a game.They have the basic premise, but no polish. And worst of all, the game itself is obviously incomplete.The devs aren't lazy, there just isn't enough actual work put into this game to make it worth playing.The devs were not prepared to attempt making a video game.  I hope they try again some day, but after they get a LOT more experience under thier belts."
,Recommended,325730,18258801,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,LordGrape,"So after about 40 minutes of play, I'm already interested in this game. I see that it's in Early Access so it wouldn't be fair for me to give a full review to an incomplete game. So far I do like the RTS factor. That's been a neat concpt to me since Warcraft 3. I've played that and Starcraft 2, loving both to pieces. Unfortunately I couldn't get past the Wraith on the first level due to my screen suddenly going black and my laptop crashing soon after. Possibly a graphical bug...? I have no idea. I tried it a few more times same thing happen, kept crashing my computer. Granted, I loved what little I got to play and hopefully whatever it is that is crashing my computer will be patched in the future update. It still looks loads of fun, will definitely continue to play this in the future."
76561198120532698,Not Recommended,325730,24471934,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Vlad the Impaler,A♥♥♥♥♥♥RTS game with nothing unique
76561197970718096,Not Recommended,325730,35473401,Posted: 4 October,all,Quantum Mechanic,"Yea so, i bought the game and completed it in 8 hours.Pros:...music?Cons:TLDR....The best fail in the game is the final boss... dont even bother going in with your army, just walk in with a worker and build some towers around the boss. The boss doesnt target workers or towers... hardest boss ever...https://imgur.com/a/NPHPQ"
76561198080731341,Not Recommended,325730,25213405,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,hefeystus,"I was surprised at the quality of this game given the number of positive reviews. It's a pretty blatent copy of SC2 zerg game play, with a less developed interface and a lot slower play. Overall, gameplay felt clunky and unpolished. I was really expecting a story line that was at least as good as the SC2 story campaign."
,Recommended,325730,25211546,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,meltdown,"Please get this game and help out these devs they did a great job with an unique game that mixes a couple genres. You get to build your base, defenses, units then go and out destroy the enemy. You can equip your squads with some of the item drops which is nice.Wish it had a save feature. (as of 8/28/16)Definitely worth 15$ I spent."
76561197971574539,Not Recommended,325730,20591109,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Tasty Mushroom,"a very bad take on the RTS genre,the units are boring, map by map progression.it takes all the worst from older RTS games and put them into this thing."
,Recommended,325730,15478314,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,james₀₇,Nice game
76561198071824016,Recommended,325730,17732154,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,BBB,9 outa 10
76561198049841833,Recommended,325730,12479782,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,krischase87,game is fun would recommend unit and building information.
76561198005705060,Not Recommended,325730,25189809,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Wonju,"Unavoidably failed a mission, then game crashed.The game seemed good to start with - fun scenario, graphics and gameplay are ok.  I finished the bossfight in act two, then a scripted ""defend the artifact"" mission triggered half way across the map.  Before my troops could even get close, a bunch of lizardmen appeared and destroyed the artifact.  Then the game crashed and when I loaded back in it seems I had to play the entire Act 2 again.No autosaves or checkpoints on a long level?  In 2016?"
76561197999627397,Recommended,325730,25342147,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Aklarath,"Really fun little game, with rare playstyle, It has very nice environments Storyline is engaging to a degree and voice acting is good along with some good RPG elements in play (enemies drop items that u pick up and can equip gear onto your units, not visibly but stat wise and you can redo previous levels to get more items and Dna - stuff you use to upgrade units) so thats a plus. The only issues I picked up on are that there arent many units to choose from, act 4 is really hard regardless of playstyle other than that its fun and the Devs actually read these reviews which is allways good !"
,Recommended,325730,23202589,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,"Obamakiin,Presidentborn,O-BA-MA",Has great Potentiual
,Recommended,325730,18406550,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,#CINNAMON6#,"The Hive are great,I'm interested in this game."
76561198007373289,Not Recommended,325730,34049204,Posted: 5 August,all,Ookami,"I tried giving this game a chance, I really did. The sound is terrible, the storyline is dull and boring. There's no multiplayer, custom scenarios, or sandbox. Making campaign the only option. I'd give this game a 3/10 just because of its creativity but  that is a generous rating considering its competitors in this genre."
76561198154695305,Recommended,325730,12650612,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,the amazing,i found this game on steam it looked cool so i looked at jar dev's video and i bought it but i thought there would be more levels and please add where we can see what the icon when you are bulding something or using the baraccks
,Recommended,325730,24217180,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Cheerilee,this game is lot like starcraft and id have to say did lot better with this game then blizzerdso far game is really fun and easy to get into and i can't wait to see what got in store for this game
76561198066709451,Recommended,325730,28426659,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Nomadic_Soul,game keeps crashing on me so but what I can play I'v liked.
,Recommended,325730,25222619,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Iridium Ore,"""Is this the Zerg?"" Nope, not even close.This feels like a genuine, well-executed ""hybrid"" of RTS and RPG games."
,Not Recommended,325730,25606606,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,jens_de_vos,"I've tried to pick up items by basically pressing all of my keys on my keyboard while the item was highlighted however could not pick up ANY item, neither open the door mechanism. I think this could be a great game but i am unable to advance any further than step 1 and cannot pick-up items, definitely will not recommend this to anyone, please fix this major issue."
76561198006874805,Not Recommended,325730,18801609,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Seaneus,video doesnt live up to expectation
76561198106609000,Recommended,325730,12470549,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,BootyBlunder,GREAT SO FAR I THINK LATER ON IT SHOULD HAVE MULTI  PLAYER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,325730,15829815,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Shardj ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),I can't believe I wasted an hour of my time and my money on this game
,Not Recommended,325730,32730990,Posted: 24 June,all,Nab,"Installed on Linux: window opens for a split second, closes. Never got it to workInstalled on Windows: games caused a total system freeze twice during 30 minutes playtime, on a rig that never crashed in my memory.Shame I would have like to to learn how the story of the intro movie (humanity fleeing to the stars) relates to the game (some starcraft clone with zerglings as protagonists). They look completely unrelated to me."
76561198137342760,Not Recommended,325730,32094304,Posted: 31 May,all,The_Puppy_Gamer,This is literally just a remake of starcraft but worse.
76561198013259118,Recommended,325730,12431278,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,simtek,"Actually alot of fun, only 20 minutes of gameplay so far.. But looks very promising!!"
76561198172201315,Recommended,325730,23833864,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,luigie15,GOOD GAME
76561198013255703,Not Recommended,325730,23899543,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,kingnothin19,Was bored.
76561198146208245,Not Recommended,325730,32119640,Posted: 1 June,all,SNAKELOVER360,i hate it.
76561198018058604,Recommended,325730,20884694,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,DJ Trick,its a good game and i cant wait for full release but as of now its not worth 20 $
76561198121648733,Recommended,325730,17362060,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,white1498,"the game runs like a well oiled machine with the patches however the game at and past act 4 gets really diffacult. please, add setting to game play and lower the AI's attack power. the enemies are still overpowered, please fix that. also add a skirmish mode with setting to make the game even more worth the money cuze its no only 25% worth the price. and before i for get add more hive defences and unit choices really ya got the room on the command bar."
,Recommended,325730,16001759,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,2 Bad,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1X4Sm9M7R_0Full review soon.
