user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197985798277,Not Recommended,326160,32405994,Posted: 14 June,all,wydget_eq,"If the Devs spent half as much time developing actual gameplay content as they do turfing out cash shop junk the game may be okay.I've followed this for years now, popping in to see how it's coming along, and I have to say, with a heavy heart, that it just isn't.I know games companies have to make money to develop games, but everything I see in the newsletters is more cash shop rubbish, no new mechanics or actual game content, it's a pure cash grab.I really wanted this to be a success, that's why I've held off on the review for so long, but it's going nowhere fast.  The other folks comments echo my sentiments about the actual game play, dull, dull, dull.Look elsewhere for your Ultima nostalgia fix."
76561198068496989,Not Recommended,326160,33237052,Posted: 4 July,all,Tetsu,"After all the Time i played this Game i give up the hope ....Pro:- Nice Community! Alot of nice People and it was fun to play with them- Housing can be niceCon:- The Quests are not fun or deep and total confusing. More boring and painfull to find out what exectly they want from you- Skill System does not make any sense or is thoughtful- Combat System is feels like it is still in early stage and simple/boring- Performance still massive problems!- Economy is not there, the Skill System makes it easy to craft everything by yourself with no effort. It is faster to craft your own Armor then farm to Gold to buy it. Also so you can buy money from the shop (Crown of the Obsidian to Gold)- Guilds are nothing then a Chat. No Support in this Area- PvP does not have any Support and the PvP Areas are empty- No benefit in Group Play, most of the player grind solo in Solo/Friend ModeThe only reason i played this Game was Richard Garriott and his idea of creation a niche Game. The spiritual successor to the Ultima series. Everyone or the most here who play or played this Game where here cause they want something like Ultima Online again. But they go in the wrong direction! Now it looks like they leave the niche to get more money from the casual mainstream player cause they are out of resources. They will release this Game broken and unfinished this year. Starting Areas will be pushed to create the illusion of a Game that not exists. Nothing is rly close to be finished and i dont want to play and support this game any longer. In my mind they need 2 more years of development to get it in a state where you can say it is rdy to release."
76561197973435043,Not Recommended,326160,21657519,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,HairballHacker,"More on the P2W aspects of the game can be found here:http://steamcommunity.com/app/326160/discussions/0/364042703865516559/CON - P2W VENDINGOne of the more egregious P2W aspects of the game (but certainly not the only one) is the way initial player housing lot selection is being done. Currently, the plan is that the more you have paid in real dollars into the game, the earlier you get to select a lot. In and of itself that is fine. What is not fine is that player owned housing lots come with a NPC merchant\vendor that is used by the player to sell their crafted goods to the rest of the community.The player-owned NPC vendor can only be placed on the player's housing lot. So what that means is a very small percentage of lots are highly valuable because they are along routes that will be passed by other players (and so increases the chance that players will buy something from the player-owned housing lot-locked NPC vendors).Therefore, the most valuable lots are those that meet one or more of the following criteria; the lots are:near the town's public crafting stations,near town entrances\exits,along roads connecting a town's entrances\exits to the town's central crafting stations,in towns that are central to quests.The vast majority of available player housing lots DOES NOT meet any of these criteria.In other words, some properties will result in players being able to (much more easily) make a whole lot more in-game currency than others and the people who benefit the most from that are the people who paid a whole lot of real money into the game. In other words, P2W.The following quote, fromthis thread, seems relevant:Now we are discussing ""Local Economies"" again... POT owners and High level backers that have a chance on monopolizing the best vendor lots seem to think that people that live in their region are going to be stuck with their outrageous prices, and every effort should be made to restrict travel out of their region.In other words, POT owners are doing everything they can to convince the devs to ensure that they, the POT owners, can monopolize vending in their economic zone and make it as difficult as possible for  you to leave, effectively forcing you to buy from them no matter how outrageous the prices.The solution to this, of course, is to divorce the selling of player-crafted goods from the owning of housing lots. The obvious thing to do would be to require everyone to sell their goods via system-owned NPC vendors or create something akin to a ""market district"" where the player-owned NPC vendor could be placed. But, unfortunately, the devs say ""no""; they want P2W in their game.New players:  you will be screwed by this state of affairs. You will have essentially NO chance to buy any of these desirable lots. Heck, even those many lower-tier backers, who haveonlypaid a meager few hundred dollars, will also not be able to obtain these sorts of lots.You have been forewarned.CON - POTENTIAL GRIEFING BY DESIGNAnother aspect of this game that has me concerned is Player Owned Towns (POTs).POTs are towns that very high paying donors can place on the map, design, and administer. The POT owner designs the layout of the town, what services are provided, who can live in the POTs, where other players can claim lots, the terms under which other players must agree to for the privilege of living in the POT, etc.POTs are certainly a really cool aspect of the game. They increase the amount of available housing, add diversity to the styling\themes of towns, can serve as ""guild towns"", and facilitate role playing (to name just a few).My concern is that POTs can be avenues for mass ""griefing"". As far as I know (I don't own a POT), players who choose to live in a POT do so at their own risk. There are no protections given to POT residents -- the POT owner can evict residents at will and for any reason whatsoever. Furthermore, POT owners can change the terms of residence at any time (e.g., suddenly you find that the POT owner now demands that you pay a weekly tax to live in their POT or else you will be evicted and landless).A concerned player will prefer to place their lot\house in a NPC town (system controlled), of which there are few, or perhaps in a Player Run Town (PRT).Given the limited availability of housing in the game (see above), and considing how central housing is to the game, this is a serious concern.MISCFound this comment on the SotA forums in regards to the up coming ""final wipe"" (of the database), the up coming ""land rush"" (when all the backers get to claim housing lots before anyone else), and whether ""final wipe"" constitutes ""public release"":Despite what the legions of faboys are going to tell you in that thread, here's the reality:All the NPC city lots will be poached by all the whales (whale's in this case refers to the people that spent more than $1000 on the game).No non-whale is going to get an NPC lot, period.There's too much demand and too much RL $$$ to be made on re-selling them.andJuly 28th, 2016 is the launch of this game, no matter what anyone else tries to say. People can claim it's early access or pre-launch or whatever other weasel words, but when they stop deleting your character, the game is live, the game is launched.There will always be a shortage of lots, you can listen to them describe it in the most recent hangout/post.A 'by design' housing shortage is their funding model, if you can imagine, as insane as that is.Taken from this thread:https://www.shroudoftheavatar.com/forum/index.php?threads/thoughts.49026/"
,Recommended,326160,14219139,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,EdgeLady,"Oct 2016 Edit: I'm seeing some negative responses and ""did you actually play the game"" type of comments. Folks should note that I posted this review in Jan 2015. It's now Oct 2016, and the game has changed. A lot. The crafting system, for example, has been revamped like twice from scratch, and even the spell system was revamped completely once. Both of those systems have improved from their original form. I will say this: as much as this team asks for money or pushes the telethons or the selling of stuff on their store, you can see where your money is going. Updates and improvements are happening all the time... these devs are not sitting on their♥♥♥♥♥with your money. The game still looks beautiful, and keeps looking better and better with every update. It's also expanding, in terms of the world's size.I still think it's a good successor to Ultima, but I couldn't tell you much about pvp, since I don't really participate in it these days. It's still grindy, it still doesn't hold your hand. I stand by my original assessment in that if you don't want an ""easy"" game, this one is that and still enjoyable.By this point in the game's life and with an advanced community that's been with it since the kickstarter, it is a fact that if you don't come into the game now with some money in hand, and purchase house lots and deeds, then you will be pretty far behind. But starting any game two years later means you're going to be pretty far behind. If what you're looking for is player housing, know that you will be very hard pressed to get any without dropping real money into it.Original Review, Jan 2015:I love this freaking game so hard.HOWEVER... I recommend it with a caveat. The reason I love this game is because my first video game AND RPG ever was Ultima 7. I played every Ultima after that, inculding Ultima Online, and went back and played older Ultima as well. Shroud of the Avatar is the spiritual successor to Ultima. It's Ultima in everything but name, and almost in that too.It's an old school RPG with a bit more of a hardcore, almost grindy, feel to it. This game won't appeal to folks who want a World of Warcraft style RPG. I don't mean that negatively, it's just that I grew up on totally different RPGs then the folks who started their gaming careers with WoW. WoW holds you by the hand and gives you pretty explicit direction on where to go, who to talk to, etc.Shroud won't do that. You gotta talk to everyone in town to find quests, there's no markings on a map to tell you where to go (figure it out from your journal and talking to folks), your weapons and armor deteriorate fast and also weigh you down depending on your strength stat... and if you are active in PVP, you can and will lose your gear to people who kill you.There's non-instanced player housing, the crafting system is wonderfully complex, and combat isn't static... it shifts and changes and you have to be an active participant in it.I love Shroud, but it's a very different type of RPG from the modern stuff out there right now. You've been warned."
76561198031834721,Not Recommended,326160,29107236,Posted: 7 January,all,Roshambo,"From a gamer that played Ultima Online from launch up to the PK server split and still think vanilla was the greatest online game ever made-I'll forego the complaints listed (all valid) listed over and over to get to the evidence you can see right before you, on the very page you're reading reviews on. This game has been on Steam since November of 2014 as Pre-Alpha. Over 2 years later, it's still Pre-Alpha. This game has become an actual, very real money trap.Can't get the game to even an Alpha state with $11 mil backed, but they sure do email me with new items added to the cash shop every god damn week. Please note that while I skipped the litany of other glaring ethical and technical issues riddling this pile of rancid fecal matter, I did not skip over a single good aspect. They are all listed here."
76561198034888313,Not Recommended,326160,18039195,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Sedina,"This is a review of a pre-alpha game during Early Access.Graphics: 1/10The graphics look muddy and confused, not sticking with any one specific style from object to object. While this is pre-alpha, the graphics are almost _frighteningly_ bad.Characters look cartoonish and flat, but armors are supposed to be realistically detailed. Mobs are low-polygon messes reminiscent of the playstation 2. But player housing - all of the items you can buy for real money in their store - are lovingly detailed. The whole chimera is a haphazard collection of unclear art direction.Trees sprout up from the ground in identical pole shapes with identical leaves. No roots or rocks or leaves litter the ground; only a few strategically-placed bushes cover places where terrain meets walls. Cobblestones are not individually shaded, and the flatness of every ground texture rapidly becomes a blur of brown and grey in your peripheral vision.Each ""scene"" is bad enough, with textures that inspire nothing but boredom... but the walls of each scene are even worse. You can look off into the distance in certain open scenes, but don't worry about that far-off mountain peak: You can't get there; it's not real. The zone borders are on loan from the local elementary school theater - flat, painted surfaces that do nothing to help you feel as though you're in a living world. As of a more recent update, there's a breeze, and even a scene with grass. But every environment is static. Your character walks the same through knee-deep water as it does through waist-high grass. The constant breeze blows the leaves of the copy-and-paste lollipop trees, and most scenes don't even have grass. Nothing helps you feel connected to the zone you're in. Every color is a muted brown or grey. Realistic, perhaps, but not very nice to look at hour after hour.One point is given for the skysphere. The day / night changes aren't bad, and there's even the beginning of a weather system in place.I get that it's pre-alpha, and there are a fair few missing textures still, but these graphics are very, very bad.Sound: 4/10Arrows and swords ping against your armor, and certain monsters hiss frighteningly at you as you strike them. The sound feels weak, however, lacking a solid meaty THUD as you crush bones with a mace. The level up sound is a good one. Music is unobtrusive.Not much else to say on sound; it's not finished yet. Crocodiles bark at you like a dog, which is good for a laugh.Combat: 2/10This will be controversial, but, I don't think the random deck system is going to be long for this world. And I even like the idea behind it!You get abilities - like fireball or shield bash - as you level up. These abilities, called ""active glyphs"" or just ""glyphs"" sometimes, can be built into a combat deck with the default keystroke ""y"". This allows you to build a deck with more than one copy of each ability, if you like. A deck can be saved with equipment alongside it. It's confusing to write about, but after poking with it for a few minutes, you'll get it. Basically you can use abilities three different ways: you can lock them, place them, or random them.Locking abilities lets you play like a standard button-bar MMO. You pick ten abilities, lock them into your bar, and you use them. Done. However, this costs extra mana to use, and involves a cooldown on skills that otherwise doesn't exist. So, while this is possible, it hamstrings your character pretty soundly.Placing abilities tells the system to pop up ability X in a certain numbered slot. So in this method, you draw your weapon and have to wait for the ability to come up. When it does, though, it will come up in that numbered slot. So your fingers can get used to the necessary button presses, without the added mana cost and skill cooldown.Finally, randoming the abilities - glyphs, sorry - means that any glyph in your deck can randomly appear in that spot.The developers have gone all-in on this system. Several skills in the fairly limited skill pool deal with the glyph system. For example, you can get a skill that lets you discard all of your current glyphs and draw a new hand.I think the idea behind the system - letting players have a more exciting combat rather than just memorizing a ""rotation"" - is a very, very good one. I don't think the implementation works well, however; you spend half of your time staring down at the button bar to see what's popped up so you can use combos.Combat is overall terrible, button bar aside. You frequently fail to autoattack for no reason. Ranged monsters run away from you after every minor hit, causing you to chase them across entire zones for a kill. You can end up surrounded by monsters with weird aggro radii, hit with fireballs from half a zone away, and unable to melee autoattack a crocodile you're standing on. For fun, try to melee a stag to death. It jumps through you, and as you run after it, you'll occasionally swing awkwardly in a random direction. Sometimes, you end up stuck in the swing animation as you turn around to chase the dratted thing again. There's no real weight to the combat system, either, which is a death knell for melee.Shroud's weird and weightless combat makes it impossible to enjoy.Other:* Loot is meaningless. I'm hoping it's not implemented yet. You get the exact same loot from a massive Elder Wolf as you do from a baby crocodile.* Durability is WAY too punishing AND crafting is WAY too resource-greedy. It takes days of play to gather enough materials for a platemail chest. After crafting it, you'll get to enjoy it for a short while until it finally becomes un-repairable. Repair scrolls to extend the life of your gear cost 100g each.* Travel over the map starts to get old quickly. Since the random encounters aren't implemented yet, this just serves to further stretch out the time between actual video game playing. This, in turn, reinforces the idea that you're not really playing a true online game - you're basically loading the lobby.Overall: Not GreatI'm really, really worried about this game. It doesn't look good right now. The graphics aren't just bad, or muddy, or missing textures - although all of those things exist too. Nor is combat merely uninteresting or dominated by a particular playstyle - although, again, those things are problems as well. Rather, the game is just poorly designed from the ground up. Numbers can be tweaked, loot can be fixed, and crafting can be made meaningful. I like the ideas of more randomized combat, and I'm excited to see where they take that. But overall there are enough deep-seated problems in the bones of the game that I am concerned.I sincerely hope that the developers can turn this around, because right now it's just not looking great.Edit: Re-reading the review, it's harsh, but I think it's all fair. I will make one more statement before the fans tear me into shreds. I *WANT* to spend money on this game. The houses are lovely, and the laterns' soft light in the darkness is really great. I would love to spend some cash on this game. I just can't bring myself to do so yet.Double Edit: Keep in mind that there is a large number of people that run around downvoting every ""negative"" review and upvoting every ""positive"" review, regardless of content. This sort of rampant unwillingness to point out - and fix - problems is perhaps the strangest part of the whole thing. I genuinely want to see this game succeed, but my review will get no helpful votes because I dared click the thumbs-down button. As the developers themselves state, PLEASE READ THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS before making a purchase.Good luck!"
,Not Recommended,326160,24473873,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Governor of Kekistan,"Zones are small, boring and lack anything resembeling immersion. Everything is instanced because each zone lacks any real depth so that if there are more than 2 people in it, there's nothing to do.PVP is forced and forgetable.PVE is a complete afterthought.This game had a bit of steam to get going and has since run out of it. It's not going anywhere anymore.I would absolutely LOVE a refund."
76561198006942365,Not Recommended,326160,34489061,Posted: 25 August,all,*TGK* Ajivani,"I went into this game with high hopes of playing an MMO that had no intention of catering to console players in the future.  I went in wanting to play a necromancer with some strong elemental backup - fireballs and chains of lightning with an undead pet, what could be better than that?Well, the idea of playing a necromancer quickly collapsed because the necromancy skills are a serious joke - a couple really of REALLY poor lifetaps with no disease or poison spells, no damage over time spells, no slows, nothing that really says NECROMANCER.  And the pets?  Give me a break.  They're the only pet in the game the decays over a (very short) time, so you have to recast the spell over and over.  Yes, I get it.  The pet is dead so it decays, so cute.  However, what's the advantage to having a necro pet that you have to recast over and over (using costly reagents, I might add)?  They're not stronger or faster or anything particularly special.Not that you'll see other pet caster classes running around to make you jealous of their awesome, mind you.  Everyone in this game plays an archer - PVP strategies are often ""let's get 6 or seven archers...""  A tank with a sword and board?  Good luck finding one.  They're all bow-kiting and claiming to tank with their bow.  Why not tank with a perfectly nice sword or axe or something?  Because game balance is terribly broken.  There's no such thing as a pure caster since the casters don't even get root until they've leveled up a bunch of other skills first (better take the Earth tree, that's where it's at whether you want the other Earth skills or not), the damage is a joke, and you wind up stabbing stuff in the face anyway.  When you see how badly you get ganked by archers, you pick up a bow.  Then surprise, you're playing another archer... like everyone else on the server.  They like to tout the ability to customize classes, but given the skills are so badly imbalanced there IS no other option to play.  I went in wanting to play a necro, and I am basically now playing a dirge from EQ2.  It passes the time, I guess, but this isn't much of an MMO.  It's more of an archery simulator.Also, this game very much IS pay to win.  If you don't have expensive in game housing, you can't harvest tons of basic mats and have a public vendor to gadge off of other players - you're stuck killing absolutely MILES of wolves in order to harvest a single cotton plant otherwise out in the wilderness, and then stuck with the 20% public vendor fee.  Don't even get me started on how your armor's max durability DEGRADES over time and you have to buy new armor from one of these well-heeled, landed crafters who already had miles of money already.  If you don't have housing, forget it.--Added Sept 9th--I find that the comments below regarding whether this game is a ""cash grab"" to be exactly true.  In the recent R45 post mortem, the devs were saying that ""80% of development comes with the last 20% of time"" more or less, and I find that to be frightening.  There has been zero effort the last several releases to balance classes, introduce more mobs and fix mechanics, and get their quest system straightened out.  I have officially had it with SoTA, as I am stuck on a bugged quest that is core to the game and to story progression (the Path of Truth, if anyone cares.)  I am sharing a thread with other players on Shroud's forum that are having the exact same problem, and not a ghost of help or a comment from the dev team other than ""gee that's weird"" - no ticket number or a comment saying they will look into it.  This is a core and key quest, hopelessly bugged and with the game 20% to release!So, Shroud of the Avatar has:*poorly thought out skill mechanics - this is why there are some many freakin' archers*poor class balance - and this is why there are no dedicated casters*extremely small and repetitive zones*huge amounts of grinding - first you must gain your XP in a pool, then use all of your skills a second time to spend the XP you gained.  Double the effort for half of the fun!  On the plus side, I know where every training dummy in the world is.  It's really a great MMO experience when I log in, auto attack a dummy, then walk away and do laundry.*extremely punitive crafting system*hopelessly bugged quests that give little in terms of reward*zero choice except to run the gauntlet of the crafting system yourself, or pay $$$ to a crafter to make you something.  A crappy +5 sword with only 25 durability that you have repair constantly will run you around five grand in gold.  A low level character (say level 40) will be killing mobs that drop 12-25 gp each or so, by means of comparison.  The answer, by the way, is to farm rares and sell them to the same crafters that are ridiculously gouging you.*Don't expect to see ANY gear drop until you are killing high level mobs, and even so that is an Extremely Rare Event.  Quests don't reward gear either, so either you run around naked, buy truly crappy vendor armor, or start saving little man...*unless you have VERY expensive in game housing (like real money expensive) you will basically be unable to compete with other crafters, if you do choose to craft.  Here is a description of how to grow 12 THOUSAND cotton a day if you have in game housing:https://shroudoftheavatar.net/farming-12k-cotton-dayHow is a ""vagabond Avatar"" supposed to keep up with that?  Answer:  you can't.*Semi-responsive mechanics - A lot of basic mechanics don't work, even though they appear that they should.  For example, I can stun trolls.  There is a 50% shot that they will slide across the ground with their stun animation in progress while still ""running"" towards and attacking other players.  This is not a stunned mob.  The other 50% of the time, the troll drops to his knees for a second before getting up and chasing the archers.  That is a stunned mob.  Some please explain this to Portalarium.*There's no aggro management, really, since people who want to beat on things with swords cannot match the damage output even remotely of someone with a bow (casters can't, either... for some reason, a high speed sharp stick will eternally do more damage than a **lightning strike.**)  So if you can stand at range and shoot, you're in good shape.  If you want to beat on things directly, start making potions of wolf speed because you're going to be chasing aggro bounce in circles from all the kiting archers.  This is why I am so irritated by stun failing half of the time.  If this doesn't annoy you, that's great.  If you want to play a tank that dances a mob while other people kill it, you're outta luck (or a rogue type that backstabs... run, Forrest, run!)*Aggravating and poorly conceived map layout - Most of the zones are little tiny foxholes accessed by a larger overland map.  That map is ""gated"" by passes that you MUST fight through, although some of the passes have a shorter ""bypass route"" that you only have to kill five or six things to get through.  To be fair, some of the passes also have a teleporter mage that can let you skip the whole thing - at three thousand gold pieces per round trip.The issue with this is that in order to reach several Tier 1-4 difficulty zones, you have to go through Tier 5 passes!  Suppose you're level fifteen.  The mobs in there are level 60.  You're GOING to die - and you lose XP every time that you do, you poor sucker.  This is criminally stupid game design.But if none of these things bother you, feel free to buy the land that your house sits on (real cash money, cheapest is 85 bucks, and easily runs THOUSANDS... and you still have to pay in game taxes) and THEN buy the house for another couple hundred bucks.  Then you can craft like a champ and dominate the game, too - but you paid to win.  I suppose that's also fine, but I can't imagine this game having any longevity for it, especially with the fundamental and serious flaws in the game's design."
76561198106623233,Not Recommended,326160,24549458,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Nkrumah,"This game is going to flop at an astronomical level, total money grabber. Final wipe is coming to game in a few short days and most of the main systems in game arent anywhere near where they need to be. Usually as games progress in alpha they get polished and become better and better, SOTA is the exact opposite. From targeting changes that make no sense, to useless PvP, to lack of content. Not worth the money in my opinion.If anyone is honestly providing positive feedack for this game its prob because they pledged large amounts and dont want to admit it wasnt worth it. I had high hopes for this game, RIP UO this game is far from a spiritual successor."
76561198040410730,Not Recommended,326160,31196074,Posted: 17 April,all,Metagravedom,"is it worth $40? nope... real life money cash shop if you want a house for a few hundred bucks... seriously I sorta thought that maybe this game would be awesome in an old school UO sorta way because i loved UO and alot of the other ultima games. i grew up playing these sorts of games as a kid and sucks to see that this game is essentially a funding scheme for someone elses hobby. i get that Richard Garriott really wants to make his dream game but this game is really terrible... its like when you get this really cool idea in your head like ""im going to make this super bad♥♥♥♥♥chair out of some left over wood in my garage!"" then you bust out the nail gun and start sawing away and then half way through you just said ""F@ck IT!"" and you ended up with a board with a bunch of bent nails in it... sorry Richard Garriott but im not paying you more money for something when the base product is pretty much something i would have a hard time justifying $10 on. 350, 400, 500, or $1000 for a garbage land deed thats not taxed in a game with limited plots and almost the most insulting part of this game is that they had the balls to compare this game to an MMO when EEEEVEN vanilla UO or everquest had more content then this game. i know, i know ""but its in beta, or i mean alpha, or i mean its a work in progress..."" no... its not... its a dead end hobby project thats never going to meet the expectation of any modern day gamer... im not trying to be mean or nasty about this, just being realistic and honestly i can see why people have been giving this game♥♥♥♥♥♥from day one... also unity was a poor choice for this game... just saying... and my final point! This game is not open world... at all.. its instanced.... remember final fantasy 7? you know where you walk around in the over world and hop into towns and stuff... thats exactly what this game is.... online, FF7 (at least FF7 had an amazing story), with super over priced houses...."
,Not Recommended,326160,31905606,Posted: 22 May,all,Perram,"I wish I could recommend this game, but the truth is that its controls are clunky, its graphics are inconsistent, its performance is spotty, and there is less and less hope every day that this game will ever be 'finished.'The constant push for additional funding from the players and the 'yard sale' look of most of the cities thanks to the persistent player housing pulls you out of the fantasy as well."
76561198047353878,Not Recommended,326160,28088508,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,KezAzzamean,"Combat system isn't my favorite. Resource gathering takes waaayyy too long. It isn't friendly for solo players. If you're part of a guild or something larger then it's more appropriate. When I joined my guild I enjoyed it a bit more, but other times I wanted to solo.PVP is not fun at all.I wasn't expecting UO when I got this game early on around release 5. But I was expecting the same amount of joy UO brought, or really, at least close to that level.The joy of this game is like eating pine cones. Richard Garriot had a short run of enjoyable games but this did it in for me. Everything since UO that he has touched is just bad. 20 years of wrong now.I regret spending the 40-50 bucks or whatever it was 2-3 years ago. I wouldn't even pay 20 bucks for it now.*EDIT; I am editing this to say I wouldn't even play this game if it was free to play. After constantly checking and logging on I can wholly say this game is pure awful. I regret spending my money on it. When I last logged on, I was again bored to death at the extremely long time it took to gather resources, the grind and combat was atrocious, the graphics are extremely outdated, the game is confusing on what to do, and there is no actual chatting going on. Is everyone using something else to communicate or what? Discord? Who knows. Who really cares anymore at this point.This horrible, mind numbing, atrociously whale bloated game is an ugly monster that should never have became this way. All the needed resources for them was there. 11 million dollars and they come up with this. I expect nothing else except the game to pass the finish line for legal reasons and then to die off. The developers for the game should be ashamed. Their bloated profiles about how much expertise they have on critiquing other games leaves them looking dumb. This is what they produce and they critique other games? Give me a break.Do not buy this game. You have been warned.In a 2017 update. This game is pure awful still. I have had not one, not two, but THREE friends ♥♥♥♥ing play for less than an hour and quit.What a pile of ♥♥♥♥ing horse♥♥♥♥♥♥and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Lord British. ♥♥♥♥ him. Lame ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Not Recommended,326160,32159825,Posted: 3 June,all,Tizmah,"It feels like a second or third rate open world RPG with a lot of zoning.  Think of the quality of Gothic 3 or Two Worlds 1 and 2 then make it online.  You get SotA.Basically, this has potential to be great and you can see glimpses of it, but it lacks professional polish.  It's clunky.  Animations are wonky. Character models look like clay.  Although, the atmosphere is well done I feel.It just needs lots of refining and I hope it gets it.  Will it?  Hard to say, it has been in EA a very long time.I don't reccomend it as of yet.  But that could change."
76561198043186647,Not Recommended,326160,31489778,Posted: 1 May,all,Vidicus,"Shroud of the Avatar (SOTA) has a very nostalgic feel.  However it also feels like it is running on one of those old computers.    My computer (i7, 32gb ram, SSD, 1080ti) can run games like Ghost Recon Wildlands at over 90fps with everything maxed, however with SOTA the game feels like it is struggeling to even run.  Keep in mind SOTA is many small instances with some of the longest load screens I have ever experienced.  It is OK to be nostalgic, but you need to have some standards.Pros... skill leveling, player cities, housing, crafting.Cons... loading times, deck skill system, optimization, small instanced maps, overpriced cash shop, housing taxes, lack of content, ecomomy based community where most people are out to overcharge.The cons outweigh the pros.  I can not recommend this game in the current state.  A missed opportunity by the developers.  My suggestion... get rid of the deck system, optimize, consolidate zones."
76561198030235524,Not Recommended,326160,31688043,Posted: 11 May,all,MingtheMerciless,"I honestly feel like I've been cheated by buying this game. I bought it 3 years ago expecting it would take maybe 2 years to complete, well that didn't happen. I've logged in about 3 times in the past year and while the game looks much better I still get an empty feeling in the game and I just can't force myself to like it as much as I try. Also I feel like it needs to be mentioned how the developers seem to be more concerned with selling game items for real cash than actually making a good quality game that's fun. Just my opinion"
,Not Recommended,326160,19566542,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Entrappedmind,"I should have learned my lesson from Tabula Rasa. Fool me once, shame on you - fool me twice, shame on me.Face the facts - Garriott already struck gold with the Ultima series, particularly Ultima Online. The primary reason for his success was a lack of competition that allowed him to remain ahead of the curve as far as innovation. Nowadays? No matter what he does, he'll be playing catch-up. He's competing with the long-running success of the other MMO's, he's competing with the unfair expectations of his loyal fans from his past successes, and the game itself shows that he's competing internally with himself as to what his vision for this game truly is.What's worse is even if he does have a vision of where this game is headed, he's shooting himself in the foot with his marketing model. The ratio of actual content released as opposed to cash-bought store items is jarring - and shows their focus is on collecting money, not finishing a game.What bothers me is this - Why would Garriott not simply make the game then release it to the public to stand or fall on its own merits? It's not like he's lacking economically - the dude lives in a castle and can afford to vacation in freakin' outer space. It's not like he doesn't have a pre-existing fanbase - he has enough people willing to throw money at anything with his name on it to make any other developer green with envy.So, I ask again: Why would Garriott not simply make the game then release it to the public to stand or fall on its own merits?The answer is simple: Because he's already done that, and it failed (despite being a success, sales-wise).So this boils down to one thing... A cash grab. Not only that, but it's a cash grab by someone with more capital than most of us will ever see in our lives combined. A classic case of the rich getting richer, while we're left holding the bag.Garriott's time has come... And gone. He's shown us that he's no longer worthy of our adoration, our respect, or our money."
76561198006038479,Not Recommended,326160,31908865,Posted: 22 May,all,jokerahh,"Inital impression, this game would have been the best game ever made, 12 years ago. Unfortunatly now it feels like a repeat of the same failing formual we see comming out of every low budget indie RPG with a MMO component these days. Trying to do to much and failing to do anything really well. Every aspect of the game so far for me has been ok, not awful, not good, just ok.I think from my inital impression, the game suffers greatly from not enough budget."
76561197973312197,Not Recommended,326160,29399636,Posted: 21 January,all,Corgibuttz,"This game is a real pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥  Due to my love of the Ultima series, as well as Ultima Online, I have put ever 140 hours into the game making sure I really saw what the game was offering, and didn't just give a knee jerk reaction.I'll start with the one positive, I like the character building, and it's what kept me playing for as long as I did.  The way it works, is you get exp like you do in traditional MMOs when you kill monsters.  But it doesn't just ""apply"" to your character.  As you use skills, your EXP you've earned it put toward leveling that skill up.  What makes this fun is ""Do I set a bunch of skills to go up at once, leveling them slowly spitting the exp, or only set a few to level up, leveling them up faster.  It's intesting and fun.What else is interesting and fun about the game?  Nothing.  Nothing at all.  There are so few different mobs in the game you see over, and over and over.  There are tons of zones on the world map, but only about 7 zones have been built, so out of the 100 zones you see on the map, they're all 1 of the 7 they've built.The combat is OK at best.  Pets don't work really well, very hard to control.  It's just so bland and boring.Then you watch Richard Garriot and DarkStarr just pimping their core player base.  So many ""castles"" and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t in the cash shop for THOUSANDS of dollars.   The game is made for the people who pay the most money.They also had a sale this holiday season, and dropped a patch that broke many aspects of the game (spells not casting, disconnects when grouping, ect) then went on vacation for the holidays.  So new players bought the game due to the sale, and couldn't play over the holidays due to the game being broken.  All while the Devs are on the forums asking people to vote it the best crowd funded game 2016.Then the begging for money Telethons, and selling Richards ♥♥♥♥ing hair, and blood for money.  It's just ♥♥♥♥ing creepy.  Is this really a company?  I love the ultima games.  I was born in 1981, and I've been playing the games since Ultima 4.Richard has lost it though.  He's out of touch, and needs to retire despite how much it pains me to say, and how much I respect the man for pretty much laying the foundtations for CRPGs in the 80s.It's just a sad state of affairs.  I wish the game the best, but I don't think it can pull out of it's development hell death spirl."
76561198172097575,Not Recommended,326160,28734777,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Ingot Knucklesmith,"I want to give this a thumbs up as this is a project I hope turns into a flourishing mmorpg with all the elements of old school RPG's that I use to love. However, the game right now is lacking so much content it's difficult to keep playing after a few months. I would suggest buying the lowest tier package and trying the game for yourself. I think there is something very promising inside the game, but it needs another year's worth of development and content."
76561197971508566,Not Recommended,326160,26668783,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,cetialpha,You know when you want to like a game so much that you actively make the decision to push deeper in to the game and beyond the Steam 2 hour refund cut-off?That.Avoid.Then write to the developer and ask where the **** did 10 million dollars of crowdfunding go because is sure as well wasn't in to this awful excuse for a game.
76561198044713439,Not Recommended,326160,29494457,Posted: 25 January,all,Count Drugula,"As a long time Ultima Online player, I was more than excited when the news of this game being put out reached my ears.Unfortunately, this game is absolute trash with little to no redeeming qualities.  The gameplay and graphics are clunky and look dated, the combat system is atrociously un-intuitive and generally just not fun, the new player experience is about as friendly as hugging a porcupine, and many other poorly thought out/implemented features that you can read all about from other reviews.  After keeping tabs on this game for over two years and seeing the developmental roadmap steering ever more towards being a cash shop game and nothing more, I'd have to say stay away.  If I had to predict, this game will either stay forever as a ""PRE-ALPHA"" game leeching more and more money from a dying community, or will be released in an unfinished and unpolished state, as Richard Garriott will move on to the next title to ultimately screw up and squander millions of dollars on, nonetheless still managing to ride off of his own coattails of fame from the Ultima series'.Maybe, just maybe it will go somewhere, and improve upon the endless gripes players have expressed with this game, but until then, don't give a cent to the developers because it doesn't really seem to be going into finishing a game worth playing."
76561198024597509,Not Recommended,326160,24638145,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,talzar13,"This game is still horribly unfinshed with so many flaws and bugs that It's not worth pointing them out. This game feels more like a conceptual alpha than anything that should be unleashed upon the public. It's such a waste as I have loved the Ultima series since the beginning and enjoyed UO despite all of the initial flaws, bugs, crashes, and server-resets.This game is a poorly designed and poorly implimented mess. Simple tasks such as gathering cotton are nearly impossible as the spawn rate of the raw cotton plants nearly nonexistant. I spent hours walking around from hostile zone to hostile zone only to find 5 plants out of the 12 I needed. And this is a starter quest, one of the first you get when you enter Soltown.And the towns, so many, so underpopulated, most with empty fields and no sense of thought or design. Many areas are just copies of others down to the slope of the hills and the winding road.I could go on and on about the bugs, crashes, or complete lack of everything that makes any RPG fun. But hey, you can the outhouse, so that should tell you what their priorities are. And after you've played this game for a few hours, you'll be needing it.Steer clear of this game. I paid $45 as a backer and I'm already done. I know it's still a work in progress, but this is unplayable. I've played betas that were more put together. I'll check back when/if they complete this game."
76561198070978738,Not Recommended,326160,30286345,Posted: 2 March,all,rail,"I've played Ultima 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, Underworld 1 and 2. Never really got into UO but from what I understand it isn't really comparable.I bought this game when it was a kickstarter dream, because I figured some Ultima is better than no Ultima.There's no feel of series continuity to this game. ESO provides way better world continuity than this, and it looks better too.This game just doesn't have the ""feel"" of the Ultima world. I've heard arguments that the old systems were outdated, the combat is more adaptive, the leveling is more intuitive.But it doesn't feel like Ultima. It feels like some fanboys medieval recreation MMO sim. Guess what, plenty of them out there, with better packaging.The biggest thing this game is lacking? Storyline and plot. You know, the things that actually drew you into the originals, and let you suspend reality even with Windows 98 graphics (or older!).I know it's an MMO, but WoW managed to do it in vanilla, with a fraction of the source material.I would not recommend this game to an Ultima fan. Pray to the Shrines of the Virtues, especially Honesty, Honor, and Valor, that Underworld Ascendant somehow manages to revive the spirit of these games.I also wouldn't recommend it as an MMO. It's far behind any other modern MMO in almost any measurable sense. The only reason I would put up with it is the Ultima universe, and it does not deliver there."
76561198036691883,Not Recommended,326160,29175475,Posted: 10 January,all,Kaycer,"Purely a Con or lack of ability to produce, no other reasons for the state of this game make sense. Wish I had gotten my refund when I had the chance. Wait and see was a bad idea, 3 years later still not even worth downloading."
,Not Recommended,326160,29706604,Posted: 4 February,all,Spaulding-1918,"Everyone has already mentioned the majority of problems with this game.  I just feel like it's very confining.  The areas all feel closed in.  You can see the skyboxes, and they use flat tree textures for walls in the instanced zones.  You can see the square room you are in and it feels like you're in a warehouse with tree wallpaper.I love Ultima Online, social games, and MMOs, and this game is absolute trash.Do NOT buy this game."
76561198171238315,Not Recommended,326160,15770094,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,danstew23,"I kinda am losing hope on this title, and in its current state, I simply can not recommend it anymore. I did start playing it a few months ago, and at first I appreciated the atmosphere and the lack of handholding - you have to figure out things for sure. Can you handle that mob? Well, there is no level # to show you, you attack it and see how you do. When you talk to NPCs, there are keywords you can click or retype to unlock more conversation and get assignments/quests.There is that Lord British-touch all over the game, and so there is a tiny bit of Ultima/LB-magic, even though this game wasn't meant to be UO2 or whatever people expected.However - slowly but surely I lose hope, because:- development seems to take forever, and I really don't think it is moving forward at a pace that makes it realistic this game will be ""live"" sometime soon.- I understand the need for funding, but a LOT of focus seems to be on the cash shop, while at the same time, a lot of the items you get for your pledges aren't even in game yet.- The ""deck-fighting-system"" (with your abilities in like a deck of card that pop up on your action bar randomly was fun at first... it was a bit different, and with some good will, you could consider it realistic, as in ""Hey, this is a sword fight, and my opponent just didn't cover himself well enough so I have a chance to hit him with this attack right now.At the same time, movement and battle feel kinda slow and clunky. I havent dabbled with the magic abilities, as they seem to require mats to cast, and I am not sure that that still is a valid system nowadays... I always disliked that about UO, even if it may be more ""realistic"" (as realistic as casting spells can be)- There still are a lot of broken or undeveloped things, and some rooms or areas give me SERIOUS lag especially after they changed the engine the game runs on. My PC can easily handle AC Black Flag, TESO or even  GTA V at normal to high settings. I stepped into a basement in SOTA which had lots of tables with candles on it and had severe lag, to the point where I had to leave.- I am aware this is in alpha or beta or whatever, but so far, the story seems totally underdeveloped. This is nothing new actually, because even though some of the Ultima-games had quite a bit of story, I realized eventually that LB, in many games, doesnt care as much about the story and lore... UO sucked in that aspect, and reading the book on LB and Ultima, he talks about how he never read much fantasy but instead watched movies that inspired his stories. While this might have worked back then, I just don't feel enticed at all by the lack of story or lore in this game. It just feels like a random place with hardly any background or feel of mystery that might motivate you to actually find out the story... and the mixture of medieval and magic with Steampunk elements and mohawk hairdos kinda kills immersion for me.Is this trying to be fresh for the sake of being different, or does this odd mixture make sense?On one hand, you have this really nice feeling of medieval/fantasy forests and stuff, and then you see guys in steampunk-cliche tophats, generators etc.- Crafting can be fun, even though parts of it are kinda broken. You can experiment, mix stuff to get better results, and I hear crafted stuff is supposed to be better than looted stuff. But gathering mats is silliness, and an immersion killer. You are in a forest full of trees and you have to find this one tree you can chop a tiny bit. Why not increase amount of mats required, or chance of getting useable logs, but allow more trees to be chopped? I mean, I am standing with an axe in the middle of a forest and have to search for several minutes to find a tree or two I can chop? Same for prospecting.- The AI is really not looking like it will be any challenge. Ranged mobs? Move into some corner, wait until they walk around it, fight them as melee. Unless they shoot an arrow or two, move 10 ft, shoot another arrow, move 10 ft... annoying and really old-fashioned, but not in a good way.- There are weekly emails with news and stuff, plus updates often. However, in the last 5 or 6 days, the game has downloaded about 350 MB of data over night. Not a problem, but it's just weird that it keeps downloading on a daily base, with no explanation. Not a big point, it just is odd to open steam every morning and seeing that SOTA downloaded another file for some reason- The overland map is pretty anachronistic and another immersion killer.- I took a bit of a break from the game, and when I tried to log in 2 days ago, I was disconnected 5 times in about 15 minutes of playtime, causing me to give up. This seems to be a new thing, and it kills the fun even more, especially since the game takes a LONG time to load the different instances on a fast computer with a very fast internet connection- I dont know whether the prizes have changed, but they were pretty unbalanced when I played this a lot. The repair kits you often need to repair your armour and weapon (both have low durability, or lets say the durability goes down rather quickly) are pretty expensive, and it's kind of annoying to have armor and weps fall apart that quickly especially in a game that has quite a bit of grinding.- Now, let me say this: Yes, I am aware this game is in alpha. Does this mean I can't list the things I dislike or that made me wanna stop playing. The devs made the decision to put the game on Steam, where you can review even early releases - its part of the system at Steam. They even posted at the SOTA-forums, saying that the average rating doesnt reflect nicely enough on the game, asking for more positive reviews by players.My point is - the game is up on Steam, you can review it, you pay quite a bit of money to be in this alpha, and so far, it doesnt look good. The development is very slow, and I don't know where they are headed here. SOme things are VERY promising, like the crafting, the old school-vibe of certain aspects of the game (the silly AI is really old-fashioned, same as the heavy instancing, the load times, the gathering - but not in a good way. However, I did like that the game doesnt hold your hand too much, I dont mind the grindiness of leveling (killing wolves and skeletons in different areas for hours).I was excited about the game when I first tried it, but at this point, I just don't know how much longer this game will be in development, and instead of improving, some things seem to get much worse, for example regarding connection issues, lag, loading times.I really wanted to like this, give it a chance, was even into it for a while. But this alpha seems to take forever, and it shouldnt be used as an excuse for all the problems the game has right now when you charge like 40 Euros for it, have pledge rewards that you can spend thousands of dollars on (you dont have to, of course, and after seeing the slowness and weirdness that this development phase is, I stopped pledging), and put it on Steam where people can review, then ask players to write more positive reviews when many things get WORSE (how can a game so small have such loading times, how can there be THAT many disconnects now?!?), don't be surprised that people get discouraged.I might go back to this, now that I have an account and have pledged some, when it's done, whenever that is (I seriously doubt that at this pace, this will be done before 2017), but until then, I lost all interest to follow the development. Go ahead, call me out and tell me that this game on Steam for fourty bucks is only alpha, so I can't review it negatively. You charge for it, you have an ever-growing store with ""limited time offers"", you published it in an online store that always has reviews, and all I did was write down that totally killed my interest or enthusiasm for this game."
76561198123640628,Recommended,326160,13167644,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Luci(Xeno)fuge,"Disclaimer# Early Impressions!I play several MMO's(Darkfall, Secret World, Elder Scrolls and Archeage) as well as having played tons more over the 15 years Ive been interested in this type of game.I picked up SotA last night and after 5 or so hrs figuring out the basics and getting some grouping in here are my thoughts.Graphics are good IMO, they are not ground breaking but the enviroments, weapons and textures all give a pleasing medievil aesthetic.  The animations could use improvement and since this is prealpha im sure they will get love.The combat at first wasnt exciting,  dying to small spiders and wolves.. or getting over run by skeletons.  The TAB target combat with auto attack feels like a updated Everquest.  The combat in a group was considerably more fun,  4 of us where fighting 4+ skeletons at a time.. good healing and timely dodges!The combat system is unique and I found it refreshing. You have decks that you equip.. You have 7 hotbar slots and while in combat your abilities will be drawn from your deck. They fade away if unused in a certin amount of time. You can also make fixed decks where you know what abilities will come up. This comes with a penalty that increases focus cost ( focus = Mana).Character creation was better then say Darkfall.. hardly any options.. but way short of Elder Scrolls or Archeage. You have some hair and can adjust basic features.The world Map is something people may or may not like, It reminds me of old JRPG/CRPG which is a great thing.  You leave an area and you switch to a map with a isometric angle to travel to the next hub.The skill based deck system is where the variety will come in. The short time I played I was able to build a deck, with summon skeleton and two drain lifes. Im hoping im otw to Shadowknight/Deathknight!The sounds effects range from average to good, the music is great and really sets the mood.Performance issues have been mostly choppy animations and occasinal warping. So far I havent experinced any client crashed while playing. Some standard mmo bugs have happened.. Unkillable monster.. sometime when things die near walls they can be hard to skin.Is it an MMO?Technically IDK, I play online and have grouped with people etc, I see people houses they have placed on plots and I can hear people in chat. Its close enough for me.Plus you will be able to play the game offline singleplayer or with friends in a private game.  Choose to make the server PVP or not..Is it worth it? Yes , its fun, nostalgic and full of potential awesome."
,Recommended,326160,14087202,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Kozzy-New Curb Your Enthusiasm!,"Most fun I have had in an mmo/online rpg since Ultima Online!!! The community is wonderful, the gameplay is fun and the world is very well made. I have played many mmo's since Ultima Online but non of them have given me that enjoyment that Ultima Online gave me years ago, until now!Even in alpha the game is much better for me personally than many many mmos that are finished. If you are looking for an mmo that is different from the normal mmo out there, check this out!Still early on, but what is here already is a blast and very well done. You can fight and do things like that, or like Ultima Online you can do mostly no violent stuff and no pvp things, like harvest stuff, craft,etc.. I have had a blast already just meeting new players, harvesting goodies, fightign skeletons to get swords to sell to merchants and much more.It might be a bit confusing to some at first but stick with it and you will discover an mmo that is really a true breath of fresh air. It is made on the Unity engine by some of the makers of Ultima Online and the older Ultima games. So you won't be seeing dragon age inqusition or skyrim level of graphics, but it fits this style of game perfectly.Still very early on but boy is it looking good for the future! Maybe see you online if you pick this wonderful game up! Best online rpg since Ultima Online for me, and its not even finished yet!Two thumbs up!"
,Not Recommended,326160,23295156,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Speedracerxtx,"I thought the game would have gotten better over time, but it's still just as wonky and just doesn't feel like a cohesive game but more of a real estate simulator complete with terrible lawn decorations.I ended up choosing to put together a futon over playing this game... had more fun with the futon."
,Not Recommended,326160,30356293,Posted: 6 March,all,Bass,"Looks awful and feels awfulCombat felt super boring and unresponsive.Dialogs felt uninspired and the story seemed bland to me.1st quest i did involved escorting a priest who walked as slowly as a sloth: That Soldier is dying? Who cares? The priest sure didn´t!Cannot recommend it at the moment, in fact it was the first refund i ever requested.Maybe- with a lot of work-  it could become something worthwile. But at this pace this would take years. Considering how  outdated it feels I wouldn´t bet on that one."
76561198038690048,Not Recommended,326160,31048550,Posted: 9 April,all,Xhodan,"Unforunately I have to not reccomend this game despite my 400+ hours in it. I'll keep this short since this is more of a personal issue and others might not run into what I'm struggling with.Basically whenever I play a game I ask myself is my time in it worth it? Am I having fun? I really tried SoTA and I really mean I tried it. Hence 400+ hours. Long story short the game just isn't fun for me. Everything requires a lot of time, which I do not have. I don't want to sound like that glorious ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who demands the devs make it more casual friendly. Even though I wish they would add those elements, it will likely never happen.So my main complaint is it isn't worth the time. Grinding exp without a group is hopelessly soul crushing. If you want to be efficient you need to have the META character skill build. ♥♥♥♥ that.... no thank you. I like playing for fun. Crafting is a huge time sinc as well as money sink. Something I'm terrible at. All in all, it's just plain out grindy and non-fun for me.UPDATE!!!! PLEASE READ . . .So many of you have probably heard all the wonderful (sarcasm) news that port and pretty much all game news media has reported on abou this game. Anyway if that wasn't enough proof. I just got banned from their steam discussion!http://prntscr.com/fmmijfThats the screenshot.This game like I stated has literally become cancer. STAY FAR AWAY!Wouldn't be surprised if they remove this review."
76561198243282112,Not Recommended,326160,31404289,Posted: 27 April,all,IrishButterfly,"Very unprofessional developers, controls are clunky and the card system is distracting. All in all just plain rubbish. Spend your money elsewhere!"
,Recommended,326160,13093448,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,MESS,"Ya know, lets be honest.. It's still very early and can be buggy at times, but the experience with the community and what this game has coming is gonna blow peoples minds. Almost everything is a place holder right now, combat, magic, crafting, mounts, homes, npc dialogue, and quests. There is a ton of content that is getting a face lift in the next few months.How do I know this you ask? Well Lord British (Electronic arts & Science hall of famer Richard Garriot) himself took time to talk to me in game! No other game has an experience like that!! He even added most of us as friends so we can see eachother in the world! This is the guy who basically created MMORPG's with the Ultima series and more. If I didn't know this was the man behind this pre-release then I would have said hell to it, but I now have full confidence that this game is in it for the long haul. He even told me to expect a completed game sometime in April!Here's a pro's and con's of the game right now:PRO's- Indepth RPG- Real user economy- Crafting is advanced and complex, and is going to grow even more- Game runs reletively smooth- Homes!!!- Both Single player and multiplayer experience- Tons of customization in almost everything in the gameCON's- still quite early- bugs, but nothing game breaking- some hicups here and there- graphics are dated compared to todays standards (Who gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥- Talent tree's, combat, crafting all still early and changing- $45 is quite steep for early access, but I've seen people spend more on much worseVerdict:I would recommend this game even at the state its in now. It's about community and being apart of it early is nice to test things out and see it grow. This game isn't an mmo. It is whatever kind of RPG you want it to be! Whether its single player, couple of friends, or full scale server based multiplayer. This game has it! What's in store is gonna blow your gah dang mind!!"
,Recommended,326160,13108170,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Ghoulie,"I'm not very far into this, but I'm loving what I can see so far. The solo-MP option is one of the best additions to a game like this, and is what sold me on it. It's a really pretty game with an interesting aesthetic, pretty intuitive UI and skill system, and fun combat. I really can't wait to see where this game goes."
,Recommended,326160,13760046,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,][-][2K Renzo,"For an early access game this is very stable and playable just lacking that fine polish that comes with a finnished product, so its a little confusing to start.within an hour of starting i was out exploring, the starter tutorial is short and to the point your shown how to talk and swing a sword. the ""deck"" skill system and resulting combos are a fun idea but leave you feeling a little lost at first glance, you can always easily and cheaply reset skill points so a lil trial and error and soon youll have an idea of your build.although this is not a sequal you do feel like your back in the world of ultima.the community is very friendly and helpful on my first night out i was rescued from a swarm of undead by 2 strangers who then teamed me up and helped me alot.If your an ultima fan this game is for you, even if early access isnt your thing, you get to see the world evolve from its early begginings to final product and even have input on this growth with either ideas to the devs or buying a lot in town and building your own house / tavern / event areas and much more.___________________________________________________________________________________The game has been somewhat updated sinse i wrote my review so thought id update it.As always taking into account this is EA, its just getting bigger and better, alot of love and care is being put into the game and yes for now its mostly leveling, learning and LARPing around with the community, from weddings to a night out at the tavern or testing your skills in Pvp, the housing and decoration can be fun to as getting items to decorate with is more than just going to an npc to buy, you craft your furniture or pay a player craftsman to create it, some like the dragon bone throne are found adventuring.The game isnt finnished.. so all these negative reviews are jst the usual EA trolls, they want a finnished game now.... grow up. it takes time, theres the back n forth between devs and players to get this game just right, shroud is not a typical MMOrpg, you take on a role in the world E.g.I like crafting so i sarted to craft friends nice gear, soon i began to get orders from people outside the guild wanting my services and willing to pay, suddenly im the local blacksmith. id spend a day out collecting ores and materials sometimes paying a couple of people to protect me from verious monsters as i mine, those protecting me soon worked out id pay for the hides they pick up while protecting me, and so it grows. miner, blacksmith, guards, trappers,all from an early access game that still has soo much to come, a true ROLE playing game.I feel like the devs are delivering what is promised, no its not all there yet as this is a game under construction.and to clear up one thing, im not one of the high backers trying to drum up hype im only an Ancestor level backer giving an honest opinion."
76561198002308919,Recommended,326160,13136836,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Gorgeous_Joe,If you ever played any of the Ultima series as a kid then this will be a very pleasant trip down nostalgic lane for you indeed. The start of the game if you havent spoken to anyone or read any instructions and go in blind is very much like being handed a bag containing your favourite toy inside but having to undo a tricky knot to get inside the bag. It can be maddingly frustrating for a while as you run around seemingly looking for someone who no one knows the location to and all the signs are in a language you have yet to learn......but once you get past that initial frustration its like opening your favourite candy box and you get lost as the game sweeps you along.It has been a long time since I played an MMO and actually felt like my character was truely capable of being a hero of legend. In so many MMO's if you agro more than one beastie at a time on your own its death......which being unable to fight more than one monster at a time always seemed so very unheroic to me. Therefore when I found myself fighting a skeleton and his three other skeleton buddies came running over I assumed death would shortly follow......surrounded the blows rained down and my health bar slowly ebbed away....until by either heroic chance or a miss press of my fat fingers my pixilated hero rolled out of the melee and found himself backed up against some crumbling ruined walls. With his back to the wall and the skeletons no longer able to surround him he valiantly fought them off until all before him crumbled into neatly piled bones......now to kill that damn skeletal archer whos been pinging arrows at my shield. Yes if you pick your fights and are wearing the right armour with the right character setup you can be truly heroic! No doubt if i was a lightly armoured mage I would have been dead.......but then again I could perhaps have summoned a Demon to aid my cause.I love the freedom in the game.......I'm pretty sure I have been everywhere and my particular favourite place to find was the Dragons graveyard or at least I think thats what it is in the deep dark forest but with twenty skeletons chasing you there sometimes isnt time for the full guided tour.There are so many very 'cool' moments in the game to discover too........some doors for example in dungeons have small hatches to open so you can see whats on the other side. There are hidden switches to find to solve puzzles.......crumbling walls can be smashed down with a stout hammer....traps to be avoided or impaled upon. And at the moment there are many funny moments too some intentional and others just due to graphical annomalies.If you have an inkling of imagination about you and you are tired of being spoon fed and at least a moderation of intelligence then this is the game you have been waiting for......if none of those apply to you then I'm sure one of the big software devolopers has a very BIG spoon waiting to feed you somewhere else.So what are you waiting for......step through that portal and  see who you become in Shroud of the Avatar.
76561197966656715,Recommended,326160,14441512,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,xPhile,"All hail Lord British!I almost flunked out out university playing the original Ultima I on my Commodoe 64. When I saw Shroud of the Avatar was under development I was compelled to look it up - and I am so glad I did. Even in pre Alpha, SotA is alot of fun - and it's only going to get better.The world is beautiful, character customization is great and I am loving the combat system. The glyphs and deck building are something I haven't seen before. Being able to create a classless character is awesome. Put the points where you want to. I have a warrior with some Fire magic to pull with, sink a few points into Life magic for some heals and the idea of Focus (which allows you to twaek your combat decks more) is so cool.Housing looks to be useful (compared to Rift's useless dimesnsions) as a place to store stuff and host vendors.I've only been playing a week, but I am hooked. I've only run a few quests so far but they seem to be a little less mundane, though it's too early to tell for sure.And there are some cool rewards for early adopters.There are going to be lots of changes and tweaks as development contines, but I am stoked for the future of Shroud of the Avatar."
76561198030647710,Recommended,326160,14439575,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Elirion,"I love this game.  It has the old school MMO feel to it.  I was reluctant to buy into it at first but, once I did, I really enjoyed the experience.  It is not a complete game yet but I feel, based on the direction and progress so far, that it is a game I will be playing for a long time."
76561197970570952,Recommended,326160,13622601,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,DaVidoFF,Been waiting for way to long for a kind of Ultima Online 2 !!I havent had the chance to play a lot yet...its not like UO. But you can feel the Garriot Touch !
,Not Recommended,326160,29137407,Posted: 9 January,all,whoisyourdad8,"waste of time,money and hopes."
,Not Recommended,326160,31205133,Posted: 17 April,all,RunningGiant,"My brother forced me to buy this ""game"" and play. We are no longer brothers."
,Recommended,326160,13752110,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,yatesfam,"I LOVE ULTIMA GAMES!This game is just what I've been waiting for.  Modern technology with the old school Ultima feel to it.  I discovered Ultima with Ultima 6: The False Prophet.  In it you can use almost everything and you talk to people using sentences and key words, much like you'd talk to a real person.  The same applies here!  If I want to help someone I can say ""Help"" or even something like ""Can I help you?"", it works either way and sometimes you need to talk to people to learn keywords that may not be obvious.The world is completely open and you can go anywhere and do anything.  It's not like World of Warcraft where you have to go certain places to find the next quest, here you can do a quest if you want, or don't, you'll still have fun.  Everything is optional and you play the want you want to.The game includes player housing as well, so build and decorate your house the way you want to!The only downside to this game is that there are some things that don't work right... but then it's still PreAlpha and so all I see are future changes, fixes and an exciting future!"
,Not Recommended,326160,32231511,Posted: 6 June,all,Tabarjack,"Expected nothing, got even less.Their wish to make it  ""A hardcore MMO like the old times in a modern setting"" became ""A tedious single-world multiplayer game that looks like a very old game"" somewhere down the line. Again, an old guy that was successful in the 90s couldn't adapt to the realities of modern gaming. Was  worth a try, now if only that new camelot game could work so I can see ""that rare gem"" again before I die..."
,Recommended,326160,13075653,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,s0nniez,"This game is awesome. It is really player driven EVERYTHING! The ultimate sandbox. Players play in a player's world. Lots of potential. And it's only pre-alpha! There are many bugs but its expected, but you can still have fun. I recommend this game if you are willing to ignore the bug and test the game. I will be playing this for a long time."
76561198115047049,Recommended,326160,13162836,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Vwafflehaus,"For a Pre-Alpha game, this sure has alot of content. IT is actually very fun. If you enjoy rpg or sandbox games, you should buy this. You won't regret it."
76561198011499436,Recommended,326160,14460088,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,The Wanderer,"Hack n slash, dungeon delving old school fun! This game has so much potential and already has a bustling community, looking forward to taking part in this soon to be living breathing world."
,Recommended,326160,13530163,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,SpicyWhiteBoy,"Great Pre-Alpha game with tons of room for improvement, I can see this game being a top MMO in the future."
76561198076453041,Recommended,326160,17496424,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,margaritte,"I'm having a blast playing Pre-Alpha SotA.  There's tons of playable content here, folks, and feedback from the players is making it into the game, so come have fun with a great community and get your two cents in about what YOU think this game should be.  Don't expect perfection, just expect to have fun testing a great game in-development."
,Recommended,326160,13337063,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Xphox,"Who wants to play a new MMORPG with me?! :DThis is the closest we're going to get to UO but add in a touch of WoW.  The crafting system, the skill gain system is the same.  Str/Int/Dex is skill point based now as you level up and assign main character skills.  Not sure what the skill caps are yet.  So far so good.  Love the player housing, just got one and it's easy to decorate.  Also lots of room with basements.  I joined a guild and made a lot of great online friends.  Attended a PvP even with Lord British showing up.  All in all this game is looking up and I'm exciting for the full release so I can stop fearing of server/character resets."
,Recommended,326160,13341951,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Grayson,"To be honest when i first heard of this i thought to myself ""YES!!!! Ricard Garriott is..... oh I forgot about ultima 8. And 9.... hmmmm""I backed the project in hopes that maybe some of those aspects that made me love the earlier ultima games would be back, but also realise that Richard Garriot has no longer got control of that intellectual property. This shouldnt be a deterent though. This game is in Pre Alpha, which means there is still a heck of a way to go. So far it is looking pretty interesting. I have only played a couple of hours but can see great promise in this game. A bit disappointed in the overland map, and would be good to have landmarks marked on explored area.That being said there are other parts I think will shine through. I love the crafting system they have implemented so far. It is still early stages, but enjoyable.I think the other good thing about having open pre alpha allows feedback from a large group of people instead of the few that pass through registration. People can buy this now, test it and give their opinion."
,Not Recommended,326160,19594449,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Papasmurf,"I wanted so hard to love this game, I even lied to myself and tried to tell myself it was just a little rough around the edges. This game is beyond rough, as much as I love Lord British, and Ultima.. this is not those games. This is not a spiritual succesor to anything, its just garbage. The combat is crap, and the only interest I felt from the developers was in the insanely expensive cash items they add. Do not buy, wait for a finished product if it ever makes it that far."
,Recommended,326160,14471051,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Rising Force,"AMAZING game that is only becoming more amazing with each passing release! Every lover of the genre owes it to themselves to purchase and play this wonderful, beautiful, soon-to-be timeless game for the ages."
,Recommended,326160,14462969,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Andypandy R,"I love this game , cant wait until its complete.. I wont try and do a proper review because others can do that much more eloquently than I can.Please get this game and support the dev's , they deserve  it ! :)"
,Recommended,326160,13303100,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Daos Legaspi,"Epic soundtrack.One of a kind gameplay.Hell of a community.I have totally forgotten how does it feels to be a newbie on Ultima Online untill today, when I was just becoming desperate because I couldn't kill one skeleton, some badass guy approached me and gave me some weapons and armor, now I can kill 3 skeletons at the same time!This game is not just going to be epic, it will set a new era for the genre."
76561198073087087,Not Recommended,326160,34078226,Posted: 7 August,all,CoE,"Being a fan of Garriott and spending much of my younger years glued to my computer screen playing UO, I must say that this game is a huge dissapointment.  I understand its in early access.  It was in early access when I purchased it.....2 years ago, and low and behold, still early access.  I log on periodically to see if anything has changed or to see if the game is even bareable to play.  The fps alone is enough to turn most gamers off.  Add the garbage combat system and the dated graphics and you have a recipe for disaster.  I dont regret spending the 40 only because UO gave me so much joy.  I mean when you invest in a early access game you're taking a chance.....guess we all lost this one."
,Recommended,326160,13114560,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Wolf,It's only in pre-alpha release 12 and it is great and it keeps getting better. This game has so much potential to be better. Keep up the good work!
,Recommended,326160,13723409,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,spooky fists,"You have to give extreme respect to the Devs working on this game. Even just looking at their patch notes you can tell they aren't ♥♥♥♥♥-footing around with saying what is going on behind seens and what is broken. They LISTEN to the community and they are building a game that isn't just content cramming solo playing garbage that many Devs believe is the most effective way to sell an MMO. SoTA isn't going to give you a direct path in which you should take with the old fashioned ""Go to Area A and Quest. Then go to B and quest. Then C. Then D. etc."" They are wanting the player to experiance the game. Be an adventurer! Not a damn train car. I haven't played a whole lot of SoTA only because there are a few things I am waiting to be implemented."
,Recommended,326160,14303639,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Grim_Milenko,"For those ""Old School"" gamers who remember the Ultima series and Ultima Online, this is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,326160,27987513,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,The Dude,UO players....wait a month until Shards Online is on Steam. You will be happy with it....this game not so much.
,Recommended,326160,13565565,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Angela,"This is going to be a great little community-oriented game, with crafting and selling stuff from your own home etc. Should be fun :3"
76561198078664263,Recommended,326160,13304173,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,jace1993,"Keep in mind this game is in Pre-Alpha, but already you can see the potential. As someone who has played GW2 and WoW, I seriously recommend this game as the community is just incredible.Updated with new content, better graphics, etc on a monthly basis. This game has some way to go before it is officially released, but as it is right now, there is plenty of good content to keep you busy.My only tripe with this, is that the overworld map is a little lame, but an otherwise good game"
76561197993816055,Not Recommended,326160,25152248,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,diegoo.bh,"This game is turning into TRASH all days.All new release the Devs fu*** up the game.All new release are frustating and disgusting.They aren't fixing GAME BUGS, instead of it, they are implementing ITENS THAT THE SELL YOU FOR REAL MONEY.Look what the dev's note:""Creature Polish Delayed: Work on telethon rewards and continued efforts on hair polish is delaying this work for now."" Source:https://www.shroudoftheavatar.com/?p=62419#more-62419I've already spent more than $800 in houses, itens, pledges on this game and now all new day the game's getting worse and worse.Don't buy this game. if you don't want to cast all your money on it."
,Recommended,326160,13534522,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Lord Oribron,"I love this game. In October of 1997, I joined Ultima Online and enjoyed 12 years running my own guild (DiJ). Those of us who were left after that time were yearning for something more. The idea of UOX was released and then trashed, which left  us feeling empty and let down. We had such high hopes for UOX and SotA has now filled that void. A nice blend of the original Ultima SP series and Ultima Online has renewed that old school feeling that has been lacking with self and my circle of old school MMO players going back to The Sierra Network and Neverwinter Nights on AOL for DOS. :) All hope had been lost until we heard LB was inovled in this project. We, of course, jumped on board and have been rekindling that old feeling which has long escaped us since we left UO."
76561198034582317,Not Recommended,326160,29539177,Posted: 28 January,all,JakeFromStateFarm,"I had to change my thumb up to down, after realizing this is a hobby for the developers...and so much $involved...and its been years now...and this is just episode 1....people making this game are going to retire making this game, thats how long it seems its going to take....i mean for the love of God man! :)"
76561198006573862,Recommended,326160,13156104,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,GraveDancer,"If you played the ultima series or Ultima online MMO, This game is for you! If your a lover of MMOs, with crafting, optional pvp, guild wars, and home ownership. Get this game! Now up to 1500 hours of gameplay and still liking the game."
76561198191739123,Not Recommended,326160,28962627,Posted: 2 January,all,campbellj72,Absolutely shattered... These once great names should be shot by shadow bolts and devoured by draconians for this shameless cash grab!
76561197961944111,Recommended,326160,13113283,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Disnof,UO 2.0Even has the same quality of music!
,Recommended,326160,14048916,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Lord Cerbera Odollam,"Fun game 10/10, graphics are pretty good, and are expecting for a game such as this, the crafting system is complex and requires a lot of running around for stuff, I love the combat system, it keeps combat unexpected, or as unexpected as this game can get, there is not very much excitement, but it is very good for early access."
76561198000437152,Recommended,326160,18244423,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,phyrndyl,"An old-fashioned RPG beautifully done, abeit still in alpha.  Truly crafting intensive for those, like me, who have heard too many promises about the supposed importance of crafting in other games.  No overweaning goal to game at present other than to explore it, put down stakes (extensive housing system,) and grow--but new regions are added every update.  Not a grind unless you make it one.  Lots of choices on any given day--total sandbox. I only made the minimum pledge to join alpha, ($45) but don't feel that anything is not available to me.  My wife and I purchased a deed yesterday and now own a lovely house in a player owned town.  Huge list of add-ons available---up to $3500(?) dollars, real money, and people are supporting this game to the tune of 7.3 million dollars so far starting with Kickstarter.  But none of that is remotely necessary (I consider such purchases to be counter-productive to enjoying the chalenge of the game, unless one is actually intending to run a large ""guild"" in which case being able to all live in the same town would be awesome.)  So, yes, VERY aggressive fund raising but not essential to enjoyment of game."
,Recommended,326160,13103394,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Ithiria,"Tried to kill a wolf, ended up being chased around the map by a dead wolf."
,Recommended,326160,13078103,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Manny,"I like the overall environment of the game as well as the sandbox nature.  The developers give you a sword, a torch, and a few hundred gold and throw you to the wolves.  If you like grinding, crafting, character development, and an old school RPG feel then check this game out.  Otherwise you might get a little bored after a few hours of stabbing/bashing wild life."
76561198022321085,Not Recommended,326160,34333718,Posted: 18 August,all,greggmcs,"I can't recommend this game at all.  It feels like 2001 MMO with maybe 2005 graphics.  The combat is clunky and boring and every time I play it I play an hour or so and feel like I want to quit because it's so boring.  Luckily I only spent the $50 to buy the game I feel for backers that put in $1,000's of dollars.  I loved UO and the Ultima series but back then you got $1,000's of dollars worth of enjoyment every few years for a game that cost $60.   UO was fantastic and fun  with a great community of people, friends and players.  I can only hope they come out with a polished game.  I will admit it's better then it was two years ago but so are all the other games coming out.  I have hopes it'll be solid on completion but right now it's sort of like a decade old MMO with a lot of micro management most of which isn't very entertaining."
76561198066116756,Not Recommended,326160,23979797,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,CaptainBeeftits,"Shroud looked like it was going somewhere 2 or (3) years ago it is still basically that same pre alpha game with the addition of this that and the other thing and a little bit of polish. But alas you can't polish a turd and thats what this turned into.Cons:1. Game play is still floaty and disjointed feels like it has no weight.Update 10/5/2016: Game play has gotten much better its still plays terribly though itsjust no longer utter trash its just regular smelly trash.2. Game models i thought were just place holder filler models are still in the game.Update 10/5/2016: Player Models were updated to mid 2000's normal mapping not thatgreat but way better than stock unity assets 8P.3. The quest system is terrible and the tutorial zone is just bleh so poorly done better too just not have it at all tbh.Update 10/5/2016: Still is terrible and buggy worst quest system ever in any game that ipersonally have played at least.4. Poorly done spell and attack animations uniteresting and bland zones.Update 10/5/2016: More O' the same here no improvment no progress but hey the gameis full of real money cash♥♥♥♥♥♥that no one uses and sits around vacant !Update 10/5/2016:More bad♥♥♥♥♥♥i didn't judge too harshly because of the pre:alpha.*Terrible Crafting system bland obfuscated uninteresting unoriginal~*The novelty of traveling around the world to the same half dozen underconstructionareas get sold fast.*Ai is terrible combat is languid at best.*No Start Mid or End Game (Fanbois open ended does not mean devoid of content btw).*Harvesting unenjoyable like most of the game.5. Could go on but its like beating a dead horse with a bigger deader horse.Pros:1. They had a semi interesting skill level / leveling / card system that was actually kinda of neat with icons that looked like they were made by a 3 year old and the ugliest gui i've ever seen. Not even sure if this is a pro ?And last but not least a word about the developement. They make a stretch goal community gets what they want. So theres another stretch goal. Community wants a feature, sooo they have a strech goal for the community requested feature. So they do an utlimatum stretch goal that if we get to here we will have the community requested stretch goal.The only thing i seen this game do was take money from its loyal fan base for in game♥♥♥♥♥♥that was just trashly implemented. I can't say enough bad things about Shroud. But in all honesty i hope the fan base shelling out for the game they want is actually getting it. It was def not ever nor has it become my cup of tea.Update 10/5/2016: This game still remains the same clunky cash grab it has always beenany potential that is there for a good game is wiped clean quickly by the games greedy managment. I see no point to come back and change my overall review after playing mostof the releases since 1 sadly the game is just no good 8/.Regards, Captain"
76561198027752654,Not Recommended,326160,32214041,Posted: 5 June,all,IAmNotTheEnemy,"The man who spent 30 mill to go to space, is asking for another 2 million for his game?"
76561198121994986,Recommended,326160,13233020,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,*Ableton Live,"the games pretty hard to approach in its current state, but hey its very early release. it fun to wander around in , but hard to find much purpose so far. i did get my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me in several duels, would get my♥♥♥♥♥kicked some more.9/10"
,Recommended,326160,13101006,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Benjamin Notoriety Blunts III,"garriot, star, love this game. lords of mmo"
76561198008020838,Recommended,326160,14547787,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Ayyatola,"I tend to get really excited about MMORPG's and then once I play them, l lose interest real quickly because I romanticize the idea of an MMO moreso than the actual product I purchase. That being said, I am loving this game so far. Im a total noob and it feels great. Im exploring and since its in alpha, completely unconcerned with leveling up or making my character top notch. Instead I am wandering around, finding out where NPCs are located, discovering caverns and other neat areas that are being added at a frequent pace, and generally being a part of this game's growth. Hell, Richard Garriott himself will log on and talk to players gathered at Owls Head, its amazing.Pros:-The community is fantastic (within an hour I had a guild and a couple pals who hooked me up with gear)-I like the idea of typing text to an NPC to get more information instead of following a glowing trail and ignoring the virtual world the devs have spent days building. Not sure where the tavern is? Ask a guard and he will say something like ""Behind the defense tower in the center of town"" instead of a flag on a map.-Exploration is rewardedCons:-Still in Alpha, lots of work to be done especially on the PvP side-Can certainly be intimidating to newcomers and those used to more theme-park MMOs-Price is a bit steep at the time of this postingLoving it so far8/10 and will update when more is added"
76561198019951962,Recommended,326160,14544756,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,koolhand,"hi guys,love the game so far,now that ive said that on a crafting note it would be nice if a flag would tell yu if it can be crafted or not .,i have these recipes spear ,staff ect.,but cant craft them as of yet .so..if it cant be cratfed plz dont put it in game.TY. Jaha gamer for lifeP.S. Great game."
,Recommended,326160,13531573,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Fatebinder,good
76561198025157284,Recommended,326160,13081809,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Easilydone,Enjoyed the first hour or so I've got chance to play; feels like there's a lot more just around the corner to explore and enjoy. The graphics a rudementary but the feel is top notch.
76561198038444523,Recommended,326160,13770850,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,teamkiller,"This is a great version of Ultima. If your a fan, you should get this one."
,Not Recommended,326160,23223987,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,kgiris2005,"Current state is a buggy /laggy mess....  we are two months away from the supposed ""final wipe"" and yet the game is still a laggy buggy mess.   I ""thought"" performance had improved when i played receintly but with the latest update im back to it being laggy as hell and by that i mean in big areas framreates jump around like its not even funny and i have a dcent pc. that and crashing half of the time just is not fun.i thought about upgrading but i realize now i paid too much money for it to beign with.   this is not even worth 45 bucks at the moment.   the concept is nice. but people are right. its dated and for the vast amount of money people have poured into it you would think they would do better with making it actually run well.plus its confusing to figure out what to do after the main intro..... the landscape is littared with player owned towns most which look no diffrent then the last other then a few settings and all,combat is OK........but to be honest nothing earth shattering.I tend to agree that Mr Lord Brittish is just an egotistical has been.  the ultma series were great. and this could have been somethiing great but you can tell its geared more for hey put tons of money into it with all the bloody player owned towns littering the map.  seriously......well guess i'll keep the level i have now but i dont think ill be upgrading  not worth it right now.and for the average gamer. i would really look at videos and such before you get this game right now......it just is not what it could be......."
,Not Recommended,326160,32734548,Posted: 24 June,all,fastwings,ok where to begin just to know i play in multiplayer didnt want play solopro:the core game play handly play alot cuz optimiztion issues but they are goodhave issue at start i found myself have no idea what i am need to do or what i need figth but worth a tryu totaly can be battle mage that use sword and have pet qestion if u want this up to youvery deep crafting and over all it has good game element worth check them out.cons:most what i saw is optimizition got avg of 7 fps stuck on aerie just the client was so unresponsive ended disconnect me multi time.worth of all this game ssd is required!! what happend if u wont have at loading time over 15 min that it when u dont the game wont do a loop cuz of the low fps or inactiviy  u will end up dc  this was ended play 5-7 hours half of them is waiting...one more thing that extremly bad is new player tutial u basicly ended push into the world and no idea what u can or can't figth have overall feeling wtf i doing that need work and fast and mb add a npc finder or in qquest need wirte who i need talk to endup waiting and talk alot npc with general clueless who is the npc i need go to brake the immertion of the game.overall the game have alot of good part but without the optimizition and fix this god awful loading screen (took way too much time to load it is once loaded around 30 min +/- and u got alot of them endup make the game worse then what it is). as well need work on how bring new player what need do more info  in question or tool look for npc or clue what and where to go i never remeber what i talk with npc if it wont be somekind of log about what i talk about
76561197977555236,Not Recommended,326160,16463000,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,MugHug,"Keeping it simple.As of today, the information athttps://www.shroudoftheavatar.com/?page_id=35155indicates that they have raised $6,535,998. The product came to Early Access after Kickstarter as a 'pre-alpha' in November of 2014. People are paying Portalarium anywhere from $275 to $12,000 for pledges including virtual real estate in the game.Yet, seven months since coming to EA, SotAFV is still (according to the product page) in 'pre-alpha' development. Not alpha or beta but pre-alpha. Even the front page indicated a possible beta mid 2015. Ok, so things are running slow but the product is not even in alpha and there is no revised ETA on beta yet Portalarium own timeline give the end of the year for release.Read the Steam forum and you will see so many people that paid into this are so disappointed  and feel cheated.So, bottom line, yep consider buying it (once you research the state of it then) when it is fully release but at the moment, it is too risky. Something does not feel right with Portalarium and their real intentions."
76561198072604105,Recommended,326160,18679098,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Beast Mastese,"DO NOT BUY IF YOU'RE LOOKING FOR A FINISHED GAMEHowever, if you are looking to be afullparticipant in developing an epic RPG game, SOTA may be for you!As many pre-alpha reviews have already pointed out, this game is far from finished. As a discredit to all negative reviews, it's simply impossible to recommend or not recommed SOTA in it's current state. In fact, Steam does an injustice to all early access games by allowing a review platform to be in place.What I can tell you, is that the gameplay overall is currently lacking, but it's coming along nicely. The upside is the exprerience of openly working with the development team alongside a wonderfully positive community (which is unique nowadays)  provides you with a unique experience you will likely find nowhere else. The community and development team are equally invested in this project and I welcome you to join us in this endeavor.Spend some time watching streams and asking questions on the official forums before you fully decide."
,Not Recommended,326160,34924543,Posted: 13 September,all,sno`,"They should have made a real 3d Ultima Online, with a sklltree and craftig capabilites just as deep. Instead they decided to focus on money and just went with the most mediocre solutions possible."
,Recommended,326160,15316659,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Ciciro,"Shroud of the Avatar in it's curent state is a game that can only be enjoyed if you take an active role in the community, If you want to solo it now, you will be sadly disapointed."
,Not Recommended,326160,26242246,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Brasko,"BUYER BEWARE!  Do not be fooled by the Early Access notice.  This game was rushed and released as an unfinished and buggy, boring mess.and can not be at all recommended as a full priced game if even a half priced one.  If you are a fan of Richard Garriott's past work then stay even farther away as Shroud of the Avatar has no business being associated with Ultima or Ultima Online.  Just remember the past fondly.  You have been warned!"
76561198105836172,Recommended,326160,14566338,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,abberron,"Well at this point the game doesnt offer much more beyond what any other game in this genre does, however with the promise of greater diversity and being an Ultima online fan from those old enough to recall it was one of the first games to take us from paper and dice or muds to an actual visual experience.  I am happy to support what to this day was one of the better housing developments, pvp, and crafting systems.  So for the idle browser, hold off.  For those interested in some moderate open world sandbox (fairly generic) sword swinging and want to support the games development with your hard earned $$, go for it."
76561198050784609,Not Recommended,326160,34308537,Posted: 17 August,all,Jopl,"They should just scrap this game and forget about it. It's a disgrace for a game developed in 2017. Ten years ago, maybe, but c'mon, this is horrible, even if it was free to play. Avoid at all cost."
76561198292791450,Not Recommended,326160,29702999,Posted: 4 February,all,ViralM3ch,"i was gifted the game , and was unable to play they blocked my account from it being linked for some reason and they didnt answer to fix it until 2 weeks later ... but by then i had already refunded the game back to my friend unfortunatelydo not buy! beware!!just play Ultima Online Forever!! the private Shard!"
,Not Recommended,326160,29333699,Posted: 18 January,all,inossidabile,Is this even a game? Looks more like an outdated engine demo.
76561198030751248,Recommended,326160,13210717,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,pacati,This is the game I've been waiting for for years.  Hopefully will get more time to play in a couple months.
,Recommended,326160,15010919,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Drake Aedus,"I like it, I like it a lot.I honestly think that ""immersive"" is a dirty word, but I find myself getting lost in the game play frequently.I definately recommend this game."
76561198037463034,Not Recommended,326160,20839468,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Redsun,"Really regret backing this game. All those updates and you barely feel the game has improved at all after so long. Everything feels so archaic.How long has this game been in pre-alpha? Games are evolving so fast, by the time this game comes out everything is outdated."
76561198055209763,Recommended,326160,17498275,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Mac,"I feel that I have got my initial purchase's worth of Shroud of the Avatar already, and the game is still in development.  As the warning states: this game is in pre-alpha.  You have to go into that mindset... this is a product meant for testing and feedback at this point.  I have been around since Release 14, so I have had the game for some months now.  The game makes a significant amount of progress every month.Pros:-One of the interesting things about this game is that on the multiplayer side, most/ all loot will be created by the players.  If you put hard work in creating weapons/ armor, you might see your wares on other players.  Your character name will be tied to every created item, so people will know where it came from.-I enjoy the old school typing as communication to other NPC's to progress.  You have to ask an NPC his/her name, and it will be displayed on the character once you learn it.  Even though your character already has a name, you can type ""My name is poop breath"" to a NPC.  The next time you see that particular NPC, he/she will say something like ""Hey poop breath.""  lol... it's interesting.  I grew up on games like King's Quest typing to solve many problems, and I dabbed just a little in the original Ultima's.  I think this form of communication to NPC's is interesting and retro, and I enjoy it.-One can see the progress every month; I think the folks at Polartarium are very dedicated to making the best game they can make.Cons:-Combat needs some work.  I haven't played many MMO's before; so far, I have only played Guild Wars 2 and The Elder Scrolls Online.  The combat is a disappointment for many, but it's not a big deal for me.  I see the progress; a month or two ago, free attack mode was added.  This is something I wanted to see badly, and it was put in.  Combat is one of the biggest gripes I hear about this game.  I am easily entertained, so this is a non-issue for me.-People purchasing now might feel there is nothing to do right now.  Most of the story hasn't been implemented; there might be a few quests out there... I don't know at the moment.  I do know the community is active, and there are activities going on every weekend that you can check out.  Honestly, I just login to do the hat quests every month, and that is basically it.  I was working on Steam achievements, so I was playing the game a lot lately.  But every so often, a release requires character/ progress wipes. This last release, my achievements were wiped.  Don't buy this game if you aren't ready for that.-Lastly, I hear a lot of people b*tch about the graphics, saying that this game looks like it's from 2006-2009.  It looks good to me.  These are the same people that are b*tching about Fallout 4's graphics.  I don't buy games for graphics, I buy games for gameplay.  This is not a big deal for me; this might be a deal breaker for some.Overall:For a solo rpg/ mmorpg that shows a lot of potential, and an amazing community, I recommend this game."
76561198070988807,Recommended,326160,14072900,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,WoodrowBC,Awesome Game even in Pre Alpha. This game is going to rock when it is launched.
76561198103699694,Recommended,326160,14658090,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Randumb1,"So far I love what I'm seeing. It's fantastic to see that there are still people out there more interested in making a great game than a quick buck. I'm really excited about the prospect of getting an open, online, fantasy world to run around in and create my own character's individual story. And what a world it's shaping up to be! Huge. Vibrant. Alive. I'm really looking forward to seeing this game officially launched and the World come to life. Thank you Lord British and Co. Thank you very much.:)"
76561198052550374,Not Recommended,326160,29154639,Posted: 9 January,all,noutaja,I had high hopes for the game.. then I played it.
76561198014523656,Recommended,326160,15425352,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,silencer,"In the current state, the game fits perfectly into the actual definition of pre-alpha. Features are still being implemented in a regular, monthly update cycle.Even in this state, the game oozes that ""classic"" Ultima feel. This is an important distinction here: It is a sucessor to all Ultima games, not only Ultima Online. While UO obviously also took a lot of Ultimas climate, this is not a pure UO expirience, but rather tons of variouls ideas taken from RG's games across the years, smooshed together with other, new or old ideas and put together extremely well.SOTA is a fairly classic RPG at heart mixed nwith some persistant MMO features. The game is based heavilly on conversation, exporation and combat. All the systems are put together fairly well at this point. but final judgement will have to wait until a more finished state.I still recomennd the game - it is a worthwile investment if you ever liked a RG game or like promising ""classic"" RPGs brought into modern systems."
,Recommended,326160,13191028,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Naberius,"This game has the potential to be a very good game and I hope it does get there. At the moment though it is very limited incapabilities, this I would expect from an alpha. If you like classic style gameplay and artwork to match buy this game and support its development."
,Recommended,326160,13074417,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Danyl007,"This is looking to be an EPIC game. Can play for hours as is, but looking forward to what happens next."
,Not Recommended,326160,33871104,Posted: 28 July,all,Lopti,"Sadly I can't recommend this game. I bought when it first appeard on steam as I have been a fan of past Richard Garriott titles but this just feels like amatuar hour... It was terrible and unplayable when I first purchased the game but I thought ""It is early access! they just need some time..."" Here we are years later... still early access and game is just as bad as it was years ago. I got back in and could not find one thing that has been improved in several years... /facepalm. Don't waste your money."
76561198041601103,Not Recommended,326160,24606439,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Lanceman,"I really wanted to like this game, I just didn't have any fun."
76561198066495231,Not Recommended,326160,26238713,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,supFam,"All I can say is that I bought this game when it was like $50 dollars. I played for almost 10 hours. Very disappointed. ""Lord British"" is a herb."
76561198040557124,Recommended,326160,13075069,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Lazero,"Let me just say, I love it. Very nice and smooth combat, and play, no mice right off, its wolves, skeletons and spiders. Play anyway you want to, the game solo/mmo does it.  And chatting with A.I. wtf, lol, just remember to say goodbye or the merchant may follow you around for a bit."
76561198188254686,Not Recommended,326160,32702073,Posted: 23 June,all,bert,"Day 1This game is far from finished and has been in development for years.I have played this for most of the day today and have found my experience frustrating to say the least.Transitioning between areas/instances is hit and miss. But for the most part takes far to long to load or just crashes entirely.On first entering the game (after creating your toon) it does not give you much in the way of direction. So you are left wondering around trying to figure out what to do or where to go , when you do find the tutorial quest it takes you to another area far to quickly for my liking. Information is not forthcoming and it took me awhile to find where I needed to head on the main travel/map area.I ended up having to travel to Solace Bridge at which point there is meant to be a boat under the bridge to take you to your next area, sadly the boat simply is not there. Considering these are meant to be the tutorial quest’s. The fact that the boat is not there just shows how undeveloped this game is.I found that there is very little in the way of skill progression information in the game and very little in the way of information on how to repair items or what items are used in/for.Basic recipes start at 250 gold each, considering that I spent most of the day playing and only managed to build up around 1500 gold It would appear to me that you will need to be making some real world purchases of in game gold in order to become proficient in any crafting skills.I found no NPC vendors that sell any basic armor items or any information on what sort of armor would best suit my toon (a mage). It may be that I was just looking in the wrong place. I did find some player owned vendors selling armor but again the cost was way above what I could afford thus far. All the npc’s in the areas I visited never once dropped any items of armor .You are equipped with a fishing rod when you first start in the game but there is no information in game on how to use it, a search online seems to indicate that you need to buy/train this skill from a trainer. As yet I have not come across the trainer that sells/trains this skill. You would have thought this would have been readily available.There is as far as I can tell no way of seeing what a recipe actually needs to make it or the items value once you have made it until you have bought the recipe. With things like food this is frustrating as you really want to know the effects of the crafted item, before you buy the recipe.It would be nice if the map would show you where you have active quests to complete or even more detail on where to go in your journal would be nice. Also some sort of highlighting of npc’s that have quests to offer you.I paid £15 for the access to the early game in the steam 50% off sale and to be honest I’m questioning if the game was worth that. I can see it ending up being an expensive pay to win game If it ever makes it to a launch date.This is of course all my own opinion and everybody’s experience will be different, I will continue to play for a few weeks to see if my in game experience improves with age, updates and a hell of a lot of polish needed from the dev’s. But if the game continues to frustrate as it has today, or simply becomes pay to win then I think it will soon find its way to the back of the steam shelf.I can see that there is some promise in the game but boy do they need to get their fingers out and bring some flow to the game play in the beginning stages of your character development, skill progression and crafting skills."
,Not Recommended,326160,14925794,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Buldinn 🐏 (That Sheep),"As the biggest fan of THE ENTIRE ULTIMA SERIES you'll ever meet, I got to say this game is a complete trainwreck. To any of you expecting it to live up to or surpass Ultima Online; I'm sorry but that's not gonna happen.The lighting and shading is so off and dark that even with everything turned up as high as it can go, I still have to carry a torch with me, even in the middle of a sunlit town.THIS GAME HAS AN OVERWORLD MAP. There is no exploration of the world here. It's just from town to town and from dungeon to dungeon, making it not a true RPG experience but an action-adventure one that so happens to be online.  I have no idea why they implemented that trash, other than out of pure laziness of building a world by hand.The entire reason I bought this game was to support the developers and hope that if this is nets a large enough profit, they can make better games in the future.1/10, possibly one of the worst ""MMO""'s that I've ever played. Even worse than some of the pay to win ""free"" ones here on steam.When I was still a small child, playing Ultima IV I would have never wanted to believe that LORD BRITISH OF ALL PEOPLE would forget what it means to make a quality video game, creating a world that you can live in and believe exists. Filled with lore and exploration and hidden meaning... This game is like a picture book where you walk around in a step-by-step guide. ""Go here and then here"" instead of ""this is a giant unkown world, here is a compass and a cloth map, good luck.""They should have made Ultima 7 but online and over-the-shoulder view. Then it would have been a good game.Unless they can fix the Ultima series with their remake of Ultima Underworld, I can safely say that the Avatar is dead... and that depresses me to no ends.If you claim to be a fan of Ultima and disagree with me, you're a blind fanboy who cannot see past your own fanatic ways.... and no, that isn't a matter of opinion considering this game is NOTHING AT ALL like any other ultima game in any way what-so-ever and not in  good way. Everything they've done is to make money off the Avatars name. It's disgusting. Previous Ultima games were made to be high quality games.... this one is being made to make money. I'm just so disappointed in Lord British... A man I revered as a GOD as a child I doubt I would even shake his hand now...  (Though this feeling started around Ultima 8)This ""game"" claims to be in super alpha but shouldn't be in any playable state for another year.If you want a REAL ultima online game, play Ultima 6 online..... or go play Ultima Online.http://ultimasixonline.thezogcabal.com/http://www.uo.com/"
76561198035450493,Recommended,326160,13108394,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,JII,"I just started playing this, and I have more excitement with where this game is going than any RPG I've played since the old mud games."
76561198053651213,Not Recommended,326160,21828934,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,matt65165,"Uninstalled.  Tried to play for over a year.  Lord level pledge.  Kept thinking they would fix it, but...  Card system.Anyone who has played WoW will find it incredibly clunky and frustrating to even control/move.  Major disapointment.-30 year Ultima vet"
76561198072485016,Not Recommended,326160,24747859,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,PlagueB,"So much hype. Yet poor execution. Bad interface, mediorce controls, questionable graphics, combat that is at least 10 years old and instanced locations which was main killer for me. I stuck with this one for a long time, tried all of the updates and I simply cant give it a passing mark. I'm writing this report now since they started taking money on Steam which makes it ""released"" in my book. This one does not have the excuse of early access any more. Shame, I had high hopes for it."
76561198046968507,Not Recommended,326160,29151169,Posted: 9 January,all,Freme |  Andi,Not 37€ worth. You can have fun but mainly its a grind game.
,Not Recommended,326160,24347531,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,okimarobot,"When you wait patiently for years for some sign of hope... character progression, upgrade chases, kewl lootz, skill system, pvp ANYTHING - and all you get is customizable outfits and furniture you know a game is screwed and the devs cant hang. Until we meet again, UO. R.I.P."
,Not Recommended,326160,25058911,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Winter,"Sad.The game is nothing like Ultima Online and Richard Garriot and Company have pulled the wool over the masses' eyes.Even though it's nothin like the original Ultima Online..and maybe it's not supposed to be, although they use a ton of lore, names, even the game title...it's simply a BAD game.Interface is horrendous. Skill wheel random cycle button mashing hotbar = someone thought it was a good idea...that person probably thinks Hillary would make a fine president and that the Ford Pinto was one heckuva car!Instanced towns, dungeons, overland, etc. = thanks for ruining ANY immersion this pathetic attempt at a game may have offered.Thanks for the 2002 version of a bad, doomed to fail, not-even-as-good-as-Horizons mmo.Fail on every level.GameplayLoreInterfaceGraphicsThe worst part is that Garriot is considered an mmo genius because he had ONE hit. UO was the ONLY game he ever did right and that was mostly due to the unrestricted open world pvp danger aspect which was actually a MISTAKE in the first place! If Garriot and company had actually had the foresight to not allow people to fight each other in the original UO (he said pvp was never intended, he just never thought a player would try to hit another player), who knows if we'd be here today throwing $$ at a piece of garbage game that doesnt even rank in the top 100 of ANY mmo list.Congrats to Garriot and Crew...you've taken a ton of money from blindly loyal fans and given them a steaming pile of garbage.Fail. Fail. Fail."
76561197960312544,Not Recommended,326160,33507098,Posted: 13 July,all,TheMessy,"This game is garbage.  Dont waste your money on this pos.Pros -I kinda liked the musicCons -Everything else.This plays/looks/etc... like it was made for the year 2000 mmo crunch when everyone and their mother tried to make one because everquest was soooo popular.Yeah its EA, and its been pretty much like this since it came out THREE YEARS AGO.  You can spend real life money on all sorts of crap in this game, even own your own town!  Or better yet you can invest in this game and make profits!  Buhahah...DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS VAPORWARE"
,Recommended,326160,14472601,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Sinergia.GG,"This game is awesome, with unique mechanics unknow to other MMO RPG.Worth every penny even for a PreAlpha."
,Not Recommended,326160,23366299,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,SephiaSky,"I cant login to this game and I am just it. I can play Elder Scroll Online, Witcher 3, Assasin Creen Black Flag, Tomb Raider(newer one in HD), etc. So, clearly this game isn't optimize. Whats an mmorpg that can even run on best or medium specs pc? This game is garbage. You don't even have tech support. Setting is ingame, so, cant lower setting if I feel I need to.DONT BUY;WAIT TIL THEY FIX IT"
,Not Recommended,326160,23508705,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,boho,hot garbage
,Recommended,326160,17065269,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Everyone has their own opinion, however wrong it may be, and as such i like this game, it's kinda weird and missing a boat load of features but that is because (duh) the game is Early Access. as an early access title this thing is stable, it's fun and you can see that there is going to be improvements. also it is a sandbox esque game, and as such if you come expecting something like WoW(easiest mmo to just throw out there) you will be let down. it takes time to figure stuff out but that's part of it's charm. to sum it up, TL;DR, the game is fun, there is room for improvement but you can tell that the improvements will come, it's a sandbox mmo and as such if you do not care for that kinda stuff you will not care for this, the early access involving this title is very early access, because Mr.Garriott want's his players to help him build their game."
,Not Recommended,326160,24645411,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,trojanwarlord,"This game sucks. Its a money grabbing SCAM. No game, just a doll house simulator.PS ~ I WANT MY MONEY BACK.EDIT:After negative comments (see hermedic's review), I decided to revisit this game. I have decided that my original review is correct. Save yourself the curio$ity and play another game.hermedic's review athttp://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007785290/recommended/326160/"
,Recommended,326160,13069542,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,MxxiiiF,"Ok. This game has a lot of potential, its not a standard MMO like most people are used too, its in my eyes, aimed more towards adults, its complex and does not hold your hand through the game directing you on your next action.Lets see what the future holds."
,Not Recommended,326160,33998644,Posted: 3 August,all,Ridrith,"Read the reviews and you'll see a lot of my own complaints on there. The only thing I can add to it from my own point of view is that I feel as if I've wasted 40 dollars. Game isn't worth it. It's a game made by a designer who hasn't done anything truly significant since the 90s. His vision is old school, too old school to be of any use to anybody. Especially as a game.My recommendation? Stay far away. Don't buy this game."
,Not Recommended,326160,23773772,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,IagoL,"game looks clunky, has lots of bugs and bad game design untill now, nothing like the best online rpg i have ever played Ultima Online, ive been trying to play this for an year on more, never could stand palying more than half hour each session, really thiking about trying to get my refund with tears in my heart :'("
,Recommended,326160,13087730,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Shadow the Hedgehog,I've only played two hours but I'm sold. It has an old school feeling at it's heart and the speed at which they are releasing updates and intend to release updates is impressive. Community seems friendly too!
,Not Recommended,326160,24913400,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Riggedi,"I got this game for like 10euros or something back in 2014, played hour or so, was so alpha that you could run through walls.Tried this game again 2016, lot better but still bad. I wouldnt buy this game for 1euro or even play if it wasnt free.Also thishttp://i.imgur.com/UsV8gdo.png"
76561197985021184,Recommended,326160,14639668,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Nexian,Very fun for any UO fan. If you want a nice dungeon crawling experience and less hand-holding this is a good game to go for.
76561197966168312,Recommended,326160,14299786,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Puffer Fish,"Exceptional promise backed by the best Development team and MMO community in the history of the genre.  Lots of room for growth and improvement but the core game is exceptional.   Get in on the ground floor on what will very likely revolutionize the MMO and RPG genres.When Ultima Online released the game revolutionized the gaming industry. I remember playing on a very new technology called a cable modem at an amazing 10 Mbps and outrunning fireballs. I would invite friends over and explain to them the other characters in game were other people playing online. Almost twenty years later lets pull off our glasses.Ultima Online at release had so many game breaking issues. A complete lack of MOBS, literally almost no MOBS people would swarm any spawns. Poor quality graphics, remember Everquest would release approximately a year after and 3D was the rage in gaming. Lag was tremendous. Disconnects frequent. No quests. Limited features. Player griefing to an extreme. Lack of content. Hacks, cheats, macro leveling. Just to name a handful of the issues.Ultima Online gave us players a game where we could do what we wanted, when we wanted, and how we envisioned. Few games since have provided the open environment of the original Ultima. Most games have been boring theme park rides with flashy lights and very restricted player interaction. Many have complained about the lack of variety in the stale MMO genre.Shroud of the Avatar isn't perfect. Lots of issues present in the current R26. Yet I think back to even R13 and see amazing progress. Look at some of the screenshots and functionality of the earlier releases and consider the progress. Sure people can complain something isn't in the game. People in general tend to be negative. Negativity gets attention.Shroud of the Avatar won't release in a perfect state. In fact the game will never be in a perfect state. The goal is to release and build. Just as Ultima Online built. Except this time there is no publisher dictating the build. The team is very qualified and focused on building a long term successful game. 8 Million dollars currently pledged is nothing. Long term a successful Shroud can make hundreds of millions.The point of my review isn't to cheer lead. My point is to remind of the past, because history does repeat. The foundation is in place. Hold on and let the magic unfold. Enjoy the journey.   No other game has the opportunity to really revolutionize the stale, repetitive MMO genre.Join the revolution early or miss out on the fun.   Each release gets closer to the promise.  You can buy the base game and grind your way into housing or pay rent for a house if this matters.   The game is as far from pay to win as you can get.   I believe WoW is more pay to win except you have to deal with gold resellers for the payment.Change isn't always perceived as positive.   The big Publishers have a lot to lose when the masses fail to consume their content.    Games like Shroud of the Avatar and Star Citizen receive a lot of negativity.  I suspect some is driven by the big Publishers.   Stop being a lemming."
,Recommended,326160,14836961,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Khazius,"This game is very interesting because it intends to completely immerse the player in the story line, this is not the normal point and click cast some spells MMO RPG. I love the feature where the player talks to the guards by typing, obviously it doesnt work completely such as if I were to say ""Were is the McDonalds in this town?"" and get a legitimate responce but I can ask a question using keywords such as ""Rumors"",""Tavern"",""Help"" or phrases such as ""Bandits from the south"" or something along those lines. This feature makes me completely feel like im actually in the game talking to the city guard so I can help this specific town and it it glorious!Cons:There is a lot going on and the fast travel system isnt that fun, you have to walk from place to place on a bigger map but your still likely to get attacked and be forced back into a map chunk, kill the monsters or whatever it is and then leave again and go back to walking.Pros:Interesting story line.Cool NPC interactive system.Lots of loot.Decent crafting system."
76561198075238698,Recommended,326160,14125160,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,themolock,"I continue to be pleased with this games progress and direction, and find myself putting lots of time into it. Player owned towns have begun rolling out and look great, the world expands and i got a sneak peak and direct input into the upoming changes to the combat system. Can't wait for the additions to the crafting system. Great in game community that produce an ever increasing selection of events and activities."
,Recommended,326160,15386124,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Beetlebear,"Unlimited Possibilities..That's what I feel when I play the legendary game developer Richard Garriott's Shroud of the Avatar. As someone who grew up playing the ultima series and played Ultima Online for 12 years, I feel right at home, wrapped gently in the warmest embrace from Lord British.Don't expect Ultima my friends. In fact, doubly don't expect Ultima Online.This game is a culmination of a genius game designers lifes work, a masterpiece.This game is carefully crafted together using game design systems that have been perfected over time across multiple genres. For example, the skills system enables you to pick glyphs based on how much experience you've gained. Those glyphs are then used to create a deck ( like in magic the gathering ) and that deck is affected by another skill called Focus which will help you draw,discard and use your deck more efficiently. During battle, the glyphs are served to you much like drawing cards from a deck and can be used, combined together or even combined with itself to create more powerful maneuvers during battle.One of the biggest things this game focuses on is utilizing the community to build the game, many players contribute to the game and become part of the games canon. Community members have coded frameworks for things like electricity and an in game radio that plays a community driven radio station.There is so much going on with this game it can't be covered here.Let's also remember that this game is currently in a pre-alpha state at the time of this writing. The game is awesome right now, and will only get more awesome."
76561198056056378,Recommended,326160,14902277,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,clintc75,"Absolutly love this game, pretty much what i would do if i had the talent or money to make a game, I cant wait for the entire map to be open. So far pretty amazing and its only pre alpha, give me some fishing and some large dungeons and im a happy avatar :)"
76561197970934684,Recommended,326160,13094756,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Aetrion,"This has the potential to shape up to be my new favourite MMO. It definitely has a ton of flaws as of right now, it's still in Alpha, which I hope will get fixed, but I really enjoy seeing a game that dares to be a Sandbox without trying to derive all its content purely from constant unrelenting PvP.Shroud of the Avatar is a game that understands that people like Sandboxes because you can build stuff in them, not because you can bully people in them."
76561198030869103,Recommended,326160,14472993,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Sanak,"This is a really fun game, and it is only in pre-alpha!  I love that I can play it as a MMO, or single player RPG, depending on what mood I am in.  I didnt think I would like the deck system at first, because...you know, change is scary!!! But I am actually having a lot of fun with it. All in all, I think this will be a fantastic game."
,Recommended,326160,13309143,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,ᶠᶸᶜᵏ ᵧ from |☢_☢|,;)
76561198112355228,Not Recommended,326160,24984503,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,HomebrewedWA,"I can't recommend this game at this time. I consider myself somewhat an MMO Vet, with my first being Everquest and played more MMOs since then than I like to admit. This game appealed to me in that it was trying to get back to those MMO roots. I researched and even watched a streamer play for a bit before I bought it today. I knew going into it that the combat wasn't too polished. Well I just couldn't do it. The game looked good, not great like most current games, but not as bad as some people make it out to be. The thing that got me was the combat system. The guy I watched on the stream was using a bow. Well I picked a sword to start off with and it was just way too clunky. I understand this is Alpha, but I don't see the combat system getting any better. Now back about 10 or 12 years I would expect combat like that, but with games like GW2, Black Desert, and many others out now, I've been spoiled and I'm just not feeling it with this game. I only played two hours and requested my refund. For some this might be what you are looking for, but for me just wasn't my type of game anymore. Also running an i7 4790K with a GTX 970 and was getting some massive FPS Drops or Lag, not sure which because I wasn't monitoring FPS, when I was in the towns around other people. I'm not talking like 20 or 30 people, more like 3. Once again I understand this is Alpha and it isn't fully optomized yet, but for now I can't see playing this in it's current state. Maybe when full release hits and they polish it I'll be back. Until then, enjoy."
76561197996356729,Recommended,326160,17306961,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,norinn.richard,"Clearly still a work in progress, this game has massive potential and is improving all the time.  Just look at the track record of the guy making it!"
76561198011673035,Not Recommended,326160,25643544,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Noob Golberg Machine,Getting there...but not quite there yet.  Give it MORE TIME before you put down cash.
,Recommended,326160,17883071,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Darkthrone,"Its coming together more and more. i dont play much, but every patch i jump in to check it out. Great community and devs. High hopes for this one."
76561197974809369,Not Recommended,326160,14492649,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,smaerck06,"Take care with this one....seriously.I am initially rating this title with a ""No"", but it's mainly since my choices are limited to the binary up or down rating.  This may change over time.  I hope (really hope) my opinion changes.All the ""fanboy reviews"" with 300+ hours raving on and on how this is the greatest thing since sliced bread convinced me to pick up this title.  I think I paid $30 or $31, but that seems too expensive too me given the relative state of the code.  I would guess the game is between 25-40 percent complete, but no higher than that.I bought the game on Steam and was not one of the original backers.   I am mostly dismayed at how much the title costs given the relative lack of content, stability, and coherence. I clearly admit that I have no emotion investment in the title.  I just (eventually) desire the product I paid for.  I don't think that is unfair.This may actually, eventually end up being a really great game, but its way (WAY!) too early to know.On the other hand, yhis may also end up like DayZ once the Arma2 mod was cancelled and tons of cash flowed into the standalone where development slowed to a crawl (and does anyone really believe that DayZ will EVER be finished?).  Objiously, the two products have nothing to do with each other, but the industry trend of extracting full price for ""not nearly complete titles"" is becoming more and more common.  There is always a risk that the entire project goes down the drain (AKA: The Derek Smart Syndrom) with a title never being finished.I quckly became frustrated with the lack of an intro of coherent turorial (Yes, there is a ""tutorial"" but its very simplistic, and provides little value:  Rather like the Fligt Attendand speach at the begining of every flight where much effort goes into describing how to fasten a seat belt:  Kind of ""Duh territory"").THis game is pre-alpha.  I get it.  I get it.  Really, I do.  But other reviews infer that this thing is nearly ""ready for prime time"".  It is not.I will revisit this as the developmet progresses (or doesn't).  I suspect the trolls will hunt me down for having the audicity to point out obvious serious issues with this title but here goes:PROS- Led by Richard Garriott whos games I greatly enjoyed in the early 1980s.  I played Ultima II and 3 for years...but that was 20+ years ago.  I like Richard Garriot.  I also met him years ago at one of his famous Halloween events, and have seen him around Austin TX from time to time.- The project is not ""vaporware"".  There are often updates, with little fixes here and there.-Rumors are that the dev team are veryCONS-  I am not sure where all the static screen caps cam from.  My game doesn't look anything like them.  If you want to see    how the game really looks and plays, go you Youtube and search on gameplay and look for recent postings (post release 12).  I personally judge the graphics to be just slightly better than the Everquest (1) graphics as a refenence point.  They look about 15 years old.-  The game world FEELS REALLY small.  It is map driven with long load times.  It is not a near-seamless play which is pretty much standard these days.  The game is based on an older Unity engine build.  I think I read somewhere that they are upgrading the engine at some point soon, but I'm not sure about that.  The ""maps"" are fairly small (think CoD, not Guildwars2 or Archeage).  Just small-to-medium rectangular maps where you run up against the ""edge of the world"" not so cleverly disguised as trees or rocks.  This is not an ""open world"" type game and NEVER WILL BE without a MAJOR redesign.-  Response to/from the game server(s ... I think there is only one?) are pretty slow.  Lag is constant.  I don't know where they are hosted (I'll do a packet capture, traceroute, and a bit of research and report back), but it doesn't ""feel"" like its in  North America (or on a major Internet NAP) given how slow responsetimes are.  Of couse, all the latency could by on the server code side/weak hardware.  I just don't know.Anyway, I hope I'm wrong about all my misgivings.Please feel free to not send me hate messages in Steam.  I'm not going to read them.  This is my opinion, nothing more.  If you love the game...good for you!  I don't....at least not yet.Now...Gentleman Trolls: Start your engines!!!!  :-)"
,Recommended,326160,14997974,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,SirGareki,Simply a fantastic game. The community is incredible. One of the biggest reasons to be part of this game is the Developers desire to have the community involved in the long term visom of the game. 24/7 Server status is also amazing.
76561198111387435,Recommended,326160,15746610,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Araminis,"Im really enjoying this game, the crafting system is very nice with alot of variety, game play is smooth for the most part (some issues on occasion but they are normally taken care of very fast), Combat grows on you at first I really didnt like it but now its ok (charcter diversity in skills is what saves it other wise it would be bland), the world is very well made and the community is amazing (lots of player run public events). So overall the game is coming along nicely, my only real complaint is I wish I had control of my combat with my mouse click and not just skill buttons."
76561197966920880,Recommended,326160,15068806,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Shahan,Release 16 patch on march 26th    really improved the framerate issue that i found to make the game unplayable --- just today i saw massive improvments in preformance that when i first bought the game 2 months ago..   i can still only run it on the 2nd lowest graphics setting with a --Ideapad Y580 lenovo-- with 2.4 ghz I7core and 8gigs of ram.. so it is a bit of a graphics hog but it looks good now---deck system is great to allowing you to spec widely in the char skill sheet---all in all im enjoying it and hope to see more improvements made and a great community created..
,Not Recommended,326160,24796924,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,harkonian,"Currently this is an empty shell of a game. Nearly all cities you enter are just empty fields or occasionally a couple of player owned houses. Quests are almost non-existant. The graphics are a muddled mess. Audio is terrible.Although this game is currently in alpha, the final release is supposed to happen sometime this year and there is just no way that even the missing content will be finished by then, much less an overhaul of the graphics and audio systems that would be needed to make this game even come close to matching Skyrim (a game released almost 5 years ago) in video and audio fidelity. The one system that is really well fleshed-out is the microtransaction store, so make of that what you will.I grew up playing the various Ultima games and Lord British is a legend in my book, but I just don't see this game becoming fun or playable any time in the near future. Crossing my fingers that this may be the one early access game that manages to pull it off, but it seems unlikely."
76561197970372248,Recommended,326160,14412537,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Grampa Joe,you buy nau
76561198006928288,Recommended,326160,14526844,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,boston1,Solid foundation to be a great game when finally released!
,Recommended,326160,15786175,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,HereticZero,"Amazingly open class system. Great housing system. Decent crafting system. Unique questing system, not a typical ""just click accept and kill x mobs"" system."
,Recommended,326160,20811928,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Nano,"The more time passes , the game will be better and better"
76561198006715276,Not Recommended,326160,23462287,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Munchausin,"turdy card system, 2008 graphics. will be in ""PRE ALPHA"" for 40 years. look at the reviews, it stinks."
76561197960362634,Recommended,326160,17151864,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,TomTron,"Most of the negativ comments are based on the fact that they dont have what the wont, and thats a open full loot pvp system. (but they wood never tell so they try the best to let this game look as bad as possibel ;))When you buy in sota you get into the sandbox world of shroud. All the storys ect will come wiht beta or cloes for starting episode one ( they work on them constantly but not releasing them)Crafting and housing working both fantastic. And with farming comming, you will have alot of fun. Player creating events on daly bases, and are realy help full. Combat is the main focus at the moment it takes little bit time but we get there.I enjoy this game and its sad that most of this negativ comments arnt legit at all."
76561198018959958,Not Recommended,326160,29752716,Posted: 6 February,all,Strakar,Richard Garriott is Lord D!ck.Don't waste your time with this game.They literally will ban you if you don't get along with one of the players that has wasted their life and dumped money into this game.
76561198359677782,Not Recommended,326160,34969262,Posted: 15 September,all,burovm77,"""After reviewing your case, we have decided that account access will be reinstated on October 6, 2017. The character will be deleted and any lots will be unclaimed, however, any rewards from store purchases will remain in your bank.""In this game, you lose everything."
76561198027307184,Not Recommended,326160,25302723,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Bonoc,"I know this is early access, but after the absolutly horrid graphics I had to return this game, mechanic issues be damned, this game has worst graphics than EQ1 and that game is 17 years old... And more interesting."
,Not Recommended,326160,33789402,Posted: 25 July,all,Paydoh,"been out since 2014...... still in alpha and still half the stuff in the game don't work or is not added. give it 10 more years.... they'll get there one day, it's alpha right?"
,Recommended,326160,15887019,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,krim,"I find this to be a very good RP game. Unless your creative wait till it comes out, a lot of content is still needed and on the to do list. And there's an overhall going to be done soon on combat, its been 6 months since they last worked on it. And i have never seen a community like this for a game. There's a radio station made by the community that u can hear threw the game or there website and a community calender of events from pvp, a form of capture the flag, to just sitting at a bar in game and role playing with other's after a long day in the mines, and For some reason a lot of parties. There still saying by the end of 2015 is there goal. But even if it does come out. this game will always be adding content for the next 5 years and it will still fill like there's room for more. And about 40k+ players have supported this game thus far."
76561198004798559,Recommended,326160,17750703,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,TheBlackTemplar,"PLEASE NOTE THIS IS STILL A WORK IN PROGRESSthis game is very intresting. it has a old school vib that i just like. the fact that you must talk to npc to find out there names is very intresting. you can ask them diffrent stuff and find quest that way. there is no gaint sign saying ""hey im a quest giver"". the combat need more work but it still works."
,Recommended,326160,17741070,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Tophiate,"OK...I am about 400 hours in so, I think it is a fair time to make a short and sweet critique of SotA at this point.It is by far the most interesting and enjoyable fantasy genre MMO I have had the pleasure of playing in a long, long...longlonglong time. SotA has the potential to be one of teh all time greats, and I see no signs of it not living up to said potential.It hearkens back to the pre-WoW days of yore where games were not all on rails and there was occasionally some thought required. I did not play Ultima and I am not a Richard Garriot fanboy, I want to be clear on that. I am judging the game based solely on its merit, not its lineage.SotA is a wide open sandbox full of toys to play with of all shapes and sizes. It is high fantasy (dragons and wizards and magic etc) but it also has a splash of SteamPunk (weird electrical- like devices) so it has this really awesome potential to surprise me. I haven't been surprised by a game since I can't even remember.The combat system is going through a pretty major overhaul so, I don't want to judge that aspect as I have not played it in the new ""use based"" system yet. Basically, ala Skyrim, you get better by using things. Swing a 2H sword for a living? Welll...you will improve...and so on.The world grows more refined and polished and beautiful each patch it seems like. The systems are all coming on line and starting to really hit their stride. In short: The game is starting to LOOK awesome and PLAY awesome.This game may well be a 9.9 out of 10 when they are done...with 10/10 being impossible...Great job to the developers of this gem!***Updated approaching 600 hour mark***I have to say I still stand by my original review. This game is exactly what so many people wanted, and the developers at SotA and LB should be proud. Thaty being said, my tastes in MMO's and games in general seems to be going through some sort of change. I am comparing it to what a smoker goies through with food when they quit smoking....tastes change.Lately I have really been getting more into the Unity 5 and UE4 Engines themselves and creating environments. I also find voxel based environments more and more interesting as I enjoy the freedom of terraforming. Within the game, ARK: Survival Evolved I also have been spending a ton of time again, as I found some crafting/building MODS which allow for literally thousands more options...infinite more options in fact...as far as building design and choices. You are literally building an area up, brick by brick, layer by layer, bridge by bridge. The final results are sometimes total♥♥♥♥♥♥ Sometimes I even amaze myself. I will start posting both said results soon.I shall not force sufferage on anyone anymore with my self indulgant selfies. I went rhu my library of screenshotrs and was embarrassed. My their very nature, screen shots tend towards the self image; strike a pose in front of a statue....1000 times....CHECKstrike a pose in a busy port looking out at the Sea in SotA; CHECKstrike a pose with a pretty backdrop behind me in Warframe...a MILLION times....CHECKCHECKCHECK....Boring. Kind of silly. Now I will try and post my actual creations from teh dev engines.OK..I SAID ALL THAT TO SAY THIS.....LOL.You will see that while I have hundreds and hundreds and HUNDREDS of hours amongst several key games, my time spent in games over the last few weeks will be zero in a lot of cases. This is due to teh time I now spend in the Untiy and Unreal Engines trying to learn and theory test/proof of concept test my own work...I do not wish to learn and become proficient with these game design engines so I can half finish a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, get it greenlit on STEAM, doing a cash grab and then abandoning the project. That seems to be a base well covered in the last couple years.Nay, I want to create art.ART...yeah I said it.I have come to discover that video game design is the LAST, BEST ART FORM.This is because all of the elements of a game come together and coalesce into a form of artistic expression that did not exist in its current form, even twenty years ago. The CONCEPT of this artform did not even EXIST IN ANY FORM forty years ago.So...I embrace the creative outlet.Enjoy Shroud of the Avatar. Time spent among the sterling members of that community is time WELL spent.Check out Port Phoenix....ask for Wraith. Or his wife. They are a cut above. The mold was broken after they were made. They will bend over freaking backwards to show you around, and they are busy busy busy people.Pop in to The Drowned Mountains and seek out a drunken viking who goes by Thurisaz Sheol. He is likely sitting alone a top a mountain on our home island archipelligo, pondering his navel whilst sipping his mead. He will also jump at the chance to bring anothger into the fold.Seek them out, for I will no longer be there to show you the way.Good luck and enjoy the game!!!!"
76561197988862026,Not Recommended,326160,21680663,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Ridgeway,"Uhh, what the **** did I just play? Luckily I can still get my refund. I didn't play it more than 2 hours. I don't want to play when Im dying to phantom mobs in a tutorial zone. If you can't get your tutorial zone right, I have little faith that the rest of the game is going to work. Also, in the 70 minutes I play the game crashed on me twice. Not good either.The bad thing is I was really hoping this was going to be a decent game, despite all the negative reviews I read. This is one of those cases where you really need to heed the negative reviews. These aren't people with a grudge or vendetta, it's actually just a♥♥♥♥♥♥game"
76561198009340319,Recommended,326160,19890443,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Gippy,"Most of the negative comments are stating exactly what they have disclosed in all caps on the top of the store page.""WARNING: THIS GAME IS EARLY ACCESS PRE-ALPHA. PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE IT UNLESS YOU WANT TO ACTIVELY SUPPORT DEVELOPMENT OF THE GAME AND ARE PREPARED TO HANDLE PERIODIC WIPES, SERIOUS ISSUES AND INCOMPLETE CONTENT. ""They are working very hard on the game and come out with a lot of big updates often. If you want to support them buy it.  If you want to play a finished product wait a while or look somewhere else."
76561198136383896,Recommended,326160,14381216,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,marziniraltheon,"So i didn't play the legendary ultima games, but was looking for a game with a mostly 30+ community and an open-end character development system. The graphics are dated (reminds me of Age of Conan) but I'm not that big of a stickler on graphics. The Unity engine will also make the game more accessable and sharable with freinds that don't have a gaming rig. The music is quite pleasent and different and the game has an overall unique feel to it.The game runs quite smoothly for an alpha (I have a 650ti with 8 gigs of RAM), but it does feel unfinished. And then there is the fact that that there will be character wipes to come. So my motivation to grind is diminished. But i have a deep appreciation for where this game is going.It makes you think and problem solve more. And I know this will scare away pre-teens and teenagers. And a good percentage of college age folk. To this I tip my hat.Update:So I just wanted to share my first socially dynamic experience in-game. You just would not see anything like this in most other mmorpg's:I'm standing in a town square multi-tasking in RL and a toon with plain clothes approaches me and asks if I have any spare change for a sandwich. I had just gone shopping for recipes and have 4 gold left and tell him as much. He says that will be just enough, so I give it to him. He tells me to stay right there because he is going to share the sandwich with me. He comes back in a crown and full plate and gives me a full suit of chainmail. Turns out he is a Duke (a big dollar backer) and an in-game millionaire who was testing my nature. So yeah, this is definitely as virtual world I will be hanging out in for years to come."
,Not Recommended,326160,15151758,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,BassO,"This game is such a blatant cash grab, milking the Ultima nostalgia dry. A cash shop (with really, really pricey goods) has no business in a pre-alpha, and yet they seem to spend more time creating new items for that than fixing the 2001 graphics and gaming experience.Stay away until full release. I seriously doubt that day will ever come."
,Recommended,326160,17446943,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Arkady,This game reminds me of the original Ultima games only multi-player.
,Recommended,326160,15759808,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Falcconer,"Obviously it's not Ultima Online 2, but there a lot of UO elements here."
,Not Recommended,326160,16457095,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Dr. Ryuunosuke,"It has lots of potential but is still very early in development.  Meaning its super empty and everyone has given up on it because the creators haven't been giving it any spark.People who play RuneScape, The Elder Scrolls series, Aion, or enjoy Sword Art Online, etc would probably have more appreciation towards this game.  But be warned, even if you get it on sale for $34 its a waste of money after an hour because you realize that theres nothing to do and no one else is playing.  Wait until it actually is worth buying.I'll change my review when the game is actually fun."
,Not Recommended,326160,26649383,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,poros1ty,dollhouse simulator 2017
76561198183896315,Recommended,326160,21356097,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Stella Moon,"This is my first on-line multiplayer game that a friend of mine invited me to play.  I was a little leary and intimidated, but after about a month of play time, even before final release, I am enjoying this game immensely and I highly recoommend it. 8)"
,Not Recommended,326160,32240401,Posted: 7 June,all,DecayShow,"Edit: 28/09/2017They reduced by half the loading times ( I run the game on a Hard Drive Disk) on the last release (R46). Performances hasn't been improved at all.. Or maybe just a tiny bit.They added localization also, but atm it's mostly incomplete. Seems that some audio parts have been fixed, and some other added (inventory sound, map, etc..)EDIT: 09/2017:Ok, sadly the develloppers aren't doing the necessary...  Pass your way & don't buy it.EDIT 07/14/2017 The performances have been greatly improved since the last R43, and a lot of polish have been done, still a lot of work is missing, and they reported a lot of features to next releases...The game have a lots of good ideas and some extremely well designed features. His universe & lore feels great and vast, and if you like freedom & crafting (a lot of crafting), sandbox rules,and fantasy RPG's well this one could be for you.Plus the game got this ""oldshcool"" MMO feeling that will melt your heart if you ever played games like T4C, or UO, EQs, AO and other well done mmo from our youths.The game is still yet in EA, and so, you should considering it before buying it.There is still missing contents, zones in constructions, a lot of optimizations to do (the game run really bad, I got 10fps on min settings inside big cities), some characters designs to be completed, and incompletes quests.*** I will edit my review for some major patch and at the release."
,Not Recommended,326160,28193803,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Prancing La-La Homo Man,Nothing about this game is good. Avoid at all costs.
76561197983160122,Not Recommended,326160,34836972,Posted: 9 September,all,Talisker,Game hangs after the launch. It's impossible to play. In Early Access is not workable. Do not waste your money.
76561198028659608,Not Recommended,326160,22328031,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Vim,"If you are a fan of Ultima Online, it's freedom, complexity and even-playing field; stay away from this title. This is not what you're looking for."
,Recommended,326160,16511803,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Stormydove,"I bought the game 50% off, I played for approx 108 min's today. I wanted to write the review right away on this game. Now yes yes yes it's early early alpha so we can't hate too much, here is what I thought.The begining where I talk to the NPC and use typed commands was very cool. Saying ""hello"" to start the converstaion and ""goodbye"" to end it was neat. Also the hyper links in the story that told me more was very old school rpg and I appriciated it very much!The fights on the bridge were easy and lame, but showed how to loot a corpse and so forth. I was eager to get my butt into the world so I did the boat and took off. I found the first town misleading as it is not a ""town"" by mmo standards it was a player housing zone, as most of these ""towns"" are. So here I could talk to a banker in the street or a guard, but otherwise nothing. No players, no interest in anything here.I left town and found the over world map amazing! Good job on making the world look like a round world, very cool! The walk to another area was neat but I made the mistake of thinking town's were town's not player housing zones. So I left them to explore, which was hard as bears one shot me, wolves one shot me, I got stuck in some swamp tower dieing over and over, BUT it was fun.Now the whole time I only came across one cotton plant to harvest and nothing to mine, log or otherwise. The game was 99% empty. I only met one other player and said hello. He was very pleasent and friendly.I ran around exploring with basically no map, or idea on what to do or where to go, now that's ok cause it's early alpha. I can see the promise here. The graphics are top top top on trees, sun effects and such (bad on water) but terrible on the avatar. Now again early alpha, I know the players will get upgraded, but my girl looked like a caveman. Just terrible.All in all, I am glad I got this cheap, but won't play again till majorly upgrade and stuff to do, places to go, etc. Need the game to game in, not empty to run around in.I like it though."
,Not Recommended,326160,24928861,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Zey,.... sigh.....This game is 20 years old in graphics as well as mechanics. Seems lazy.
,Not Recommended,326160,23282497,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Maeeveen,Its just bad. Plain and simple.
,Recommended,326160,14408223,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Kalian,If you like the ultima games you need to get this game well worth the money.
,Not Recommended,326160,15171374,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,i395,"I really wanted to like this game.  It has several features that helped pull me in.  Some of which are the single player and friends only multiplayer because I am tired of games that end up focusing more on PVP content and end up having people just farming kills on lower level less geared players.  Another nice feature is the open class system where you can choose how to play your character by selecting skills from a number of skill trees.  I also enjoy the crafting aspect of mmo's and this game has a very robust crafting system, to the extent where crafting at this time is more tedious then it is rewarding.  The crafting system has a long way to go and the game is still in pre-alpha so there will be a lot of improvement.The combat system in this game was at first glance good.  The way it works is you pick the abilities you want your character to have available and the game will randomly place those abilities out on your action bar.  Using your mouse to drag and drop the random abilities you could stack like abilities to make them stronger or combine two abilities to create a unique combo.  This was something new and I had not seen it done until now.  And at first I liked it. After using the system I found myself  watching for abilities to stack or combos to create and not watching the action.  I would much rather be able to see what my character is doing or the effects it is having on my opponent.  The standard defense you will hear is that you can lock your abilities and not have to worry about watching the bar.  If you do that you will find your character severely handicapped and the game becomes just another insert your favorite mmorpg here  clone."
,Recommended,326160,18827643,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,XraveN,"I know that animations, graphics, effects progess to better forst all that can be adjusted, grow etc etc, so I won't rag on the team for that.However. there are a few fundamental things about the game that really concern me as to if they will be able to grow into something that is not cookie cutter like every other 2000 mmo that came out.- Simple design- How textures are used- How objects work- Character movement limitations- Bounding box issues- Character action limitations and non-environmental affectation- Archaic combat system- Archaic character movement system for travel and combat- Queued combat VS live actionAgain this is PRE alpha, I remember playing the alpha versions of Doom(Not an MMO), and a lot can change in a game. I make the reference to Doom because of the longevity of the Ultima name. I played the Nintendo and upwards versions, so there is a big crown to be carried here, controlling the making of this new one.If your thing is finding bugs, then this Pre-Alpha is for you. I found two bugs on my first 15 minutes playing and submitted them. I wouldn't consider this a game in its current form, this is what you call a test-platform.I am not giving this a negative review, I am just saying like many others, this is not a full game!Have hope, submit your bugs, submit your suggestions.There are far too many AI things to take care of.So many graphics and models need updating.The User interface needs a design-overhaul - The user interface is what is most important and everything operates in this. If it is clunky, random, it becomes frustrating and will push people away.I am not saying I don't have faith in the design team, I just don't want to open my eyes while playing anymore.For $7,000,000 of pledges, I would expect something considerably more polished than what is present.I do hope they are able to focus on specific areas that are core to the game and complete those first, rather than put out a product covered in bandaids, like many other companies have.  So, time will tell, and if this is a flop, then I won't support this brand anymore, and probably not another pre-release alpha.If you have time give it time.If you have faith, support it.If you think that what is here now is what the final version will be close to, then I wouldn't get it.I would watch as many youtube videos beforehand.I bought it because I loved the stories of the previous versions, so if this is anything like that I can't wait."
76561198025656412,Recommended,326160,18632555,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,VladtheImpaler,"It's crazy to read through the negative reviews here of a game in Alpha! People are complaining about things that could change many times over before release.I'm going to focus on the game's potential and the team behind it.I played this game in 10/2015. It quickly hooked me and I spent a week straight playing the game. Crafting, leveling and trying out countless different glyphs (spells/abilities). You can mix and match from any glyph tree and certain glyphs can be combined with others to create more powerful abilities. As a death mage, I had an undead skeleton warrior to fight for me. Add a glyph of enlightenment and you summon a more powerful skeleton mage, who is more effective against armor.With crafting, you do not have to grind through worthless recipes to level. You can ""discover"" recipes and craft only what you want.Having said all that, does this game have bugs? Yes, of course it does. But it is WAY more playable than any game I've played in Alpha. The head dev was talking about playing his game for 8 hours straight because he was having so much fun. It's a very good sign when the head dev likes to play their own game.The company developing this game is doing everything to stretch every dollar they raise. And Lord British put up his own money as well. When they moved offices a week ago, they didn't even hire a moving van. All of the devs moved themselves and some local fans came to help out. That is someone who respects crowd-sourced money and a good businessman.Let me compare this to Star Citizen. I donated to SC when they had $16 million dollars. The dev team was in a cramped basement and they needed to move. They moved in to an office withn huge glass windows, a huge porch that ran the length of the building. No doubt the rent on this place is incredible. Same with the SC offices in California. Talk about high rents! To me, Chris Roberts is a horrible business man and does not respect crowd-sourced money. He's acting like he has already made an epic game. CR, if SC is an epic game that makes you rich and backer's estattic, that is when you can spend lavishly. Right now, your game is a year late and predicted for 2017."
,Not Recommended,326160,29355001,Posted: 19 January,all,✪ Beothric,"My comment on this game is one of Obi-Wan Kenobi's famous quotes:""So Uncivilized"""
76561197974844200,Not Recommended,326160,13624793,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,DoomCraft,"This game is in Alpha and there will be some changes. That being said, the release date is getting closer. Being a huge Ultima Online fan, running 2 UO servers in 98-2002 - I figured i'd give this a go if not for pure nostalgia. The game is literally nothing like Ultima Online used to be, aside from player housing and some basic concepts. If you are looking for an MMO / Ultima Online clone, this is not it. I didn't get into the game thinking it was going to be the next greatest thing but I did expect some decent gameplay.The game is instanced, meaning you have to load each area before going in. You also get to run around on a larger map (much like final fantasy) and select places to go. That in itself is cool, for a single player game... not an mmo. The maps you load into are also fairly small and have no real substance to them. Player towns are dull and boring, with a lot of common themes throughout. There is no danger from running through the map, aside from occasional mobs that force you to load in - where you can outrun them just as quickly as the map loads. Crafting is a chore, WORSE than darkfall. I never thought that could be possible.There is also no PVP, aside from asigned areas. I couldn't even get myself to test combat because and let's be honest - there are hundreds of games out there that have established and real pvp. Play Mount and Blade for a day and you will literally never play this game for it's combat again.The best way to describe this game is like a boring mod of dungeon siege with loading screens and no real purpose.Being a huge addict of Ultima Online back in the 90's, I'm honestly surprised people play this today."
,Not Recommended,326160,25437159,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,sk8inspada,rip off!
,Not Recommended,326160,14458644,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,{SoR} Blackfire1,"OLDest REVIEWI'm editing this review because the game is going down the path of the last 4 games with Richard Garriott name stamped to it.I was 100% for this game. It was going down an amazing path couple years ago. Lots of new combat deck/combination system was fun.Not any more. The Dev's can't decide what or where they are going to put their time into. Most of us were hoping for a modern day UO2. They have litterally taken every possible MMO design that was naturally selected away into the abyss and brought it back.OLD REVIEWTis only a Flesh wound. It's getting better. So.... it's ok. Not great. Not deep. But it has enough going for it so far that I came back.There is one thing however. The community on this game is F@#king amazing. I mean early UO levels of comradery. Only thing keeping this game going at the moment.NEWREVIEWWell, I just loaded up the latest patch... aaaand I'm not really seeing a change. Sure graphics are getting polished and systems nailed down. But the problems of two years ago still exist today. I've lost heart. I doubt I'll load this game up again.MMORPG.comhas a very good overview of the problems of this game. Notice I said overview and not in depth review.I'm worried for the future of this game."
,Not Recommended,326160,33430348,Posted: 10 July,all,Madbags,This game is like my toilet after a vindaloo.
,Recommended,326160,24419512,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,devourerofmemes,"ProsClassless use based skill system:Skills level as you use them, you can mix and match armor, weapons and skills however you want.Deck system:You can lock skills in a hotbar like traditional rpgs with cooldowns or you can use the deck system which will randomly deal you glyphs (skills). If you use the unlocked system you gain perks like no cooldowns and the ability to stack multiple glyphs to make the skill more powerful and cost less focus (mana/energy) to use. You can also combine two glyphs to make a new skill. For example Fire Arrow + Death Ray = Fiery Decay. This is a very unique system, that has a lot of room to grow in future updates.Pet Taming:You can tame most animals in the game like spiders, wolves, bears, etc. There is an entire skill tree that will allow you to increase your pet’s base stats as well as learning pet based skills like healing your pet.Targeting System Flexibility:You can choose to play using tab targeting with a mouse cursor like older rpgs or reticle targeting which is more common in recent rpgs like tera and black desert online.Free Attack System:This is a charge and active click based weapon attack system. For example, if you have a bow you can charge for around 2 secs to fire a more damaging bow attack or you can rapid click LMB for quick low damaging attacks. If you rather not actively engage in weapon attacks you can enable auto attack at a slight dps loss and concentrate purely on casting skills.No Mini Map:You have to actually look for gathering nodes in the game world, for me this is more immersive and I enjoy it more than staring at my mini map for node dots. For cities you need to take out a cloth map and look for landmarks, this could be positive or negative depending on your preferences.PvP Looting:If you flag pvp you can fight others flagged pvp and loot their bodies. You gain items like ""Bob's Skull"" which you can display in your home or sell to other players. Concerning gear, the defeated player has the option to buy back their gear via a ransom system, so this is not entirely full loot, but it's much closer than most mmorpgs.Crafting System:Pretty realistic and straightforward; you're not forced to craft 100 useless weapons before you can make one worth using, although as you raise your skills you will have access to better modifiers. Crafted armor is the best armor in the game, this helps promote a player driven economy and makes finding a committed crafter to make your armor and weapons relevant even for end game gear. There has been a lot of change to crafting leading up to r32, so I expect it to be a focal point of polish work well into the end of the year.Dark Nights:The night is dark enough you need to use a skill or item to navigate it. I like dark nights and pulling out a torch to navigate adds immersion for me, I like environment mechanics that force game play choices.Reagents:You need magic reagents and arrows, it's refreshing to run out and have a reason to go back to town. Again this could easily be a con for some players.Fizzle System:The heavier your armor the higher your fizzle chance with be, as fizzle chance increases you're more likely to fail while trying to casting a skill, this makes balancing magic and armor interesting. If you're a min/maxer you'll probably enjoy this system.Musical Instruments:These are playable freeform or using MML or ABC files similar to LOTRO.Overworld Map:SotA is instance based much like GW1 & 2. To connect all the areas the game uses an 3d scaled map where you can walk across the world, since the game has limited fast travel options this map offers a nice balance between getting places quickly and still feeling like you're actually part of the act of traveling.Buy to Play:This game has no monthly fee, so personally I think it's a good amount of content for the price.ConsInstanced Based:If you don't have a solid state drive, you can spend a bit of time watching loading screens.Combat Balance:At this stage of development, combat still needs a lot of love. While it does offer a lot of flexibility in playstyles and targeting, that same flexibility can often make it feel like it lacks a solid direction. It has been getting better each release so I choose to remain positive that the direction will solidify as they shift from prototyping to polishing mechanics.End Game Content:Currently there isn't a lot to do after you've Grand Mastered some skills and done beginning storyline. There are some high level areas to keep you grinding in a party, but it currently lacks complex boss fights. The dev team has been vocal that they'd like to push traps and puzzles in dungeons once they finish the main storyline.Lot Deed Pricing:Although you can earn lots for housing with in game currency, the amounts atm are fairly high. If you aren't planning to spend money in the cash shop, expect earning your house and lots to be a long term goal and not something you are going to have instantly. However, much of the community has extra lots and houses and the people you meet or guilds you join may gift you one much earlier than you could earn it in game.Graphics/Animations:This game is built in Unity, it's not the cry engine, but Unity 5 has had some very nice material and lighting upgrades recently. Currently the graphics and animations are passable, but it's no black desert online. Improvements are being made every release, but don't buy this expecting FFXIV level particle effects and animations. You may encounter NPC monster animations that make you cringe, but in all fairness these are areas you polish last in development and the recent custom models/animations have been much better.Chat System:Atm the chat system feels very dated and clunky, there is no world chat channel, so if you like playing mmorpgs to start random conversations in general chat you will probably find this games current chat system lacking.tl;drDespite it's current flaws and being in early access I would still recommend this game to fans of the genre. If you crave a sandbox rpg that brings back some of the immersion lost in recent rpgs, this turns away from quest markers and general hand holding. You'll find that SotA offers plenty for a buy to play game with no monthly fee."
,Recommended,326160,15874665,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,achim63,"I was really reluctant to give this game a recommendation. It depends highly on what you like in a game - I like the extensive crafting possibilities and also the slow and interesting fighting system. The community around the game seems top notch as well (if a bit elitist, seeing how many of them already bought houses and castles for hundreds if not thousands of $$).A big downside: graphics - they look sooo last century in many ways:- cities like Ardoris have a mixture of European and Chinese styles, which looks really weird. Some tiles are overly bright, so lighting needs some work there. Bright red directional signposts don't fit at all.- player houses are even worse - a viking house next to a medieval castle (which has electricity ...) looks quite out of place- other players slide instead of run/walk (though I hope this will change by release time).- chars seem to float above ground, but get stuck at the slightest raise in ground  - a board can be an insurmountable obstacle (they can go up stairs though ...)- (affordable) houses have very small rooms, so there's not much you can decorate.- speaking of decoration: most of the items also look out of place, not belonging to the world/house around them.- villages and fighting areas look very restricted since there's half-transparent grey walls all around that you can see from far away- I set the graphics quality to ""fantastic"" @ 2560x1440 - but it's not. E.g. shadows on the walls are pixelated, even with AA on.So I think the game is in dire need of a good graphics team and a common coloring, lighting and style scheme. Reminds somewhat of good old Horizons. 12 year old EQ2 looks better in many ways. Not to speak of newer titles like ESO ...Sound: forget about it for now, some cheap and cheesy MIDI music, crocodiles that bark and no NPC speech, not even short greetings.My biggest fear: it wont be possible to get a lot for your house if you have a job and don't have time to play 24/7 to get the gold for it fast - it's already difficult to find a decent place for a house now in pre-release.I guess release wont happen before 2016 if they don't want it to flop - there's still lots of work and bug fixing to do.To not make this review sound too negative: it's lots of fun for me and it didn't crash once yet on my iMac (2014). It's a game that has high potential to keep you interested and occupied for a long time."
76561198033776069,Recommended,326160,16620936,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,gh0st.1n.sh3ll,"Review regardind pre-aflfa version of the game with very early access.WILL YOU ENJOY IT?1. go and check out the itro/open cinamatic :-)2. are you fed up/played enough with current game market approach to MMORPG in WOW-like approach?3. do you miss the good old days that some refer today as to ""hard core"" rpg games (Gothic like)?4. do you realize that game development cycle goes like - alfa - beta - release - major fix update - stable enjoyable version, and you are buying PRE-alfa version?5. Go-For-It with all ten + yo D*CK"
76561198068332802,Recommended,326160,19818202,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Dosfish,Shroud of the Avatar has become a lot more stable and each update is bringing in heaps of content.
76561198073648775,Not Recommended,326160,32973867,Posted: 28 June,all,Suma,"EDIT: 09-02-2017I lost interest in this game when I saw how much real money things in this game cost!!!  It is INSANE!!! $6000+ (real world money) and you too can buy an entire town in a freaking video game! They are selling plots of land for $600 in a video game!!!  AND the game is not even finished yet!?!?! AND you have to pay monthly taxes on your land or lose it!  What are people thinking? Silly ppl with way too much money!EDIT: 07-16-2017I had to totally rewrite this review after playing longer and this may be subject to change again...  This is based on Single Player and Online.Shroud of the Avatar is an awesome RPG game IMO!  It's an Ultima game, but feels somewhat different since it is totally 3D.  What makes this so fun to me, is the leveling system.  It's a lot like Oblivion.  You use gold to unlock skills from trainers, but after that the more you use a skill the more it levels up. It's great! My character gets more powerful by the minute!Originally I thought you had to hold the right mouse button to look around, but that can be changed in the control options to make it feel like any other 3rd person game.  You can zoom in and way out, plus the camera is very intelligent. It never gets caught or hung up behind objects both inside of buildings and the great outdoors.  It's always behind your character.Combat is automatic which IMO is a great feature.  It let's you concentrate on casting spells and movement.  I use a bow and once the enemy is targeted, I backup as the enemies advance. They usually die before I take much damage. You can save your game in multiple save slots anywhere at anytime.  I advise you to do so before large battles. You can run from the enemies and eventually they will give up chase and return to their original areas.  Enemies also respawn once you leave the area, so you can milk them for experience!  Great feature again IMO!There seems to be a trainer in each town to unlock skills with gold.  Some trainers cannot train you in some skills, so other trainers need to be searched out in different towns. I haven't checked other character classes, but I think all skills are available, but it's up to you how you spend your gold and unlock the HUGE skill tree! So far all quests work great and have waypoints to follow, so it's not hard to complete them.  Quests are varied and so far very fun!The game world is large so far, but the areas are not open-world huge like Skyrim.  Some areas are larger than others and some are empty waiting for game content. You will transverse from one area to another via gates.  There is a larger overview of the map and you choose where you want to go by walking there, then it will load that area. I'm sure this is done for online multiplayer games.Although the graphics engine is a tad old, it still looks great and should run on a lot of older computers. Some areas look fabulous and night time with the lighting is very atmospheric! The graphics and animations for the creatures & characters are done well.  Some have complained about their looks, but understand this is an online game and some sacrifices need to be made.  I think everything looks great IMO.Sound is fabulous in all areas!  Great music as always from the Ultima games.  I am having a blast right now and this ranks up there with most great RPG's in this genre.  Just don't expect Skyrim and you'll be okay! lolNOTE: Your single player and online character's are different.  Would have been nice to play one character in both game modes.  Online gameplay needs to be optimized better as other online characters and enemies jump around sometimes...  Still a fun game!!!The game runs great at maxed out settings on my computer.Hardware Overview:Model Name: MacBookPro 11,5 (Mid 2015)Processor Name: Intel Core i7Processor Speed: 2.8 GHzNumber of Processors: 1Total Number of Cores: 4L2 Cache (per Core): 256 KBL3 Cache: 6 MBMemory: 16 GB Type: DDR3 Speed: 1600 MHzVideo Card: AMD Radeon R9 M370X, VRAM 2048 MBOperating System: OS X El Capitan version 10.11.6 (64 bit OS)"
76561198110052201,Not Recommended,326160,24905270,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,nzguzzi,"The game use to be quite enjoyable but since the last 3 updates I am seeing a pattern:Game is boring, can't complain or you get kicked off forums, mods trying to hide the fact this game is a big fat cash cow load of rubbish.Constant nerfs with no new player content.Broken skillsLack of NPC encountersNo questsNo current loot tableVery hard to earn in game gold, trying to force players to purchase shop currency etcConstant pointless graphic polishing ( no one cares )Poor managment with no directionLow server player numbersOver priced shop itemsLast big updates was all shop items with no new player content for a 3 gig update?Forum mods banning anyone who comments negatively have led me to rethink my review.I would not recommend  this game.The game development has basically stopped.Almost as if the lead coder left and now all that happens is old code gets nerfed with nothing new added.Skills nerfed with no way to respec.Combat clunky design with a poorly designed UI that is generations behind what other game mechanics are using.The game is so stale right now, our guild of once over 150 players now has 7 active players.I have not played for weeks.I gave this game a good go 800 hours +The game just has not improved in the last 6 months and the enjoyment has slowly been nerfed into the ground.It feels like a sinking ship, I guess that is why so many have bailed."
76561198019587097,Not Recommended,326160,24803397,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,#[TEST] Azlorn,"Azlorn RAGE QUITS SotA (Shroud of the Avatar)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ofbDQeCnousso... I'm just supposed to wander around britany for a lost page to some book?A page... I'm looking for one page, one piece of paper in an entire ♥♥♥♥ing city... Is this some kind of joke?I suffered through the ""epic"" love, courage, and truth, ""quests"" ----->finished all in less than a day<----and the HORRIBLE writing I had to read in them, the glitches and all this♥♥♥♥♥♥because people were saying how awesome the oracle quest is and now it's this: look for a piece of paper in like 15 zones, that could be anywhere at all in the entire zone, a piece of ♥♥♥♥ing paper.A piece of paper that just happens to make it past the 300 years, the cataclysms, the wars, the looters, ect. And I'm supposed to find it.....what.....just layin around somewhere?How much time am I expcted to waste just aimlessly searching every random part of a zone for a piece of paper, with no guidance, no clues where they might be other than, ""hey, it's somehwere in the biggest city in the game and there's other ones in the ruins, HAVE FUN, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!Fuuuuuuuck this♥♥♥♥♥♥ These quests are the dumbest, most poorly written ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T I've ever ♥♥♥♥ing seen in my entire ♥♥♥♥ing life. I've seen mistranslations of japanese rpg's make more ♥♥♥♥ing sense then this absolute DRIBBLE someone wrote on PURPOSE in this game.Half the♥♥♥♥♥♥in the path of courage doesn't even match what the prequel book says. How did grannus supposedly start the knights of norgard when in the book thy rescue him when opalis was sacked?The satyr's being officers in the army usually? That's not what the ♥♥♥♥ing book says, lol,. Did these ♥♥♥♥s even read their own book about their game? Or is the book by tracy hickman not cannon. What about the other two books in the contract? Will they be?When I bought into this game I thought tracy hickman would be writing the quests, the storyline and♥♥♥♥♥♥or at least have some kind of influence in it, that might have made it great. Instead we have this hacked together ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T a 12 year old could write better.What a ♥♥♥♥ing waste of time.... I'm not looking for these ♥♥♥♥ing pages that could be literally anywhere in the zone. The entire premise of it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. It doesn't even make sense. How the ♥♥♥♥ does one piece of paper just laying around survive all the cataclysm bulshit and everything else?300 ♥♥♥♥ing years my♥♥♥♥♥ I'm not ♥♥♥♥ing doin this♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's boring as ♥♥♥♥ and a total waste of my time. What a ♥♥♥♥ing joke.♥♥♥♥ this game and all. For real. I've read more engaging stories on the back of cereal boxes.The community sucks balls, the game sucks hairy donkey balls, and I'm sick of having the taste of balls in my mouth. I'm done with this♥♥♥♥♥♥game and it's♥♥♥♥♥♥developers. ♥♥♥♥ all this, for real.♥♥♥♥♥♥s dumb as ♥♥♥♥.Azlorn RAGE QUITS SotA (Shroud of the Avatar)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ofbDQeCnous"
76561198025678109,Not Recommended,326160,13146789,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,SGM3,"A fun and relaxing game, hard to believe it is only in pre-alpha. Little under 8 hours of gameplay and not one crash. There are bugs, but nothing game breaking. I think this will turn out to be a very enjoyable game.Edit:I have changed my recommendaiton for this game. I do not believe that it is worth a purchase, even with a sale. The game was, as I mentioned, enjoyable, but after a few years the game still feels very incomplete. The amount of money that has been raised to fund this game is pretty substantial, however it is a wonder as to where that money was spent."
,Recommended,326160,22908013,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Jadeia,"To be fair, this game is NOT for the average MMO/RPG'er. Those who do appreciate what the game is about, will likely love it. Those looking for another MMO to grind, will hate it.That's what I like about it :)If you like to RP and familiar with typing IC and OOC (or even know what I'm on about), then you may just like this. I see this as the next NWN PW project."
76561198137944265,Recommended,326160,15383728,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Pressure Cleaned QC,If you don't like this game you a f@ggit!Plain and simple.
76561198044977041,Recommended,326160,21648292,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Ash Ironhand,very good game. Feels like a new updated UO but still maintains the old school feel.
76561198115633448,Recommended,326160,17042373,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Scruffy Survivor,"Bought this knowing it wasnt gonna be ready for awhile, but i will talk with my 13yo son and maybe his kids will enjoy it if its done by then. Figure around 2025 or 2030 it should be ready when Richard is a 102 yo."
76561197993222842,Not Recommended,326160,26282856,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Grimm,wouldnt reccomend this game at all. the creator has taken to selling vials of his own blood to get more money from people. the only thing worse than this is star citizen.
76561198030364058,Recommended,326160,21574243,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Starman,"1 year update!!!Yup, Im still playing this game. My game time is significantly more then listed in steam because I also play on their client. Thousands of hours now in a game that is still pre-release.I will note, that it seems like all the positive reviews are from people with thousands of hours and negatives from people with 30 hours. You cant review this game and hit the vast majority of its content in 30 hours period. I still cant do certain things myself.There have been ups and downs in game. I am one of the hardest people on the Dev's in the official forums. But here is the skinny, this game is still in development.I have watched the game grow during its iterations and now we are truly in the final stage. The software development cycle is pretty clear, the vast majority of tech is in the game and now they are absolutely cranking out content and the content is awesome (creatures, zones, PvP, loot drops, etc... things that come in this final push). They are heavily iterating through polish and bug fixes as well. Yes, one month Air magic is uber and then gets nurfed and Earth magic is uber and yes, I expect it to get nurfed. Why? Because they are shaking it out. When they make air uber, everyone switches to it and they accumulate the date on that spell tree for a month to refine it.As you read my comments last year you will see how many games I have played since the BBS days and I have now played SOTA as long as many of them (I only played Elder Scrolls online for 3 months, just didn't like it).this game is really coming around yet, if you are not adverse to a dev cycle, I would still suggest you wait until release. This is still a smaller project, much like Eve was at first and it took 10 year for that game to be one of the most epic games made. I truly feel that SOTA is on that path. I expect this game to release adequate and in 5 years I expect it to be great.Ill say something about the community who plays this game. A known community guy came down with stage 4 colon cancer and the community in a month raised over $25,000 for his Kemo treatment.___________I saw this game when it was originally in kickstarted since I was a 3-4 year player and beta tester for UO. Unfortunately I forgot about it until a few months ago. I decided to get in the pre-alpha to try it out… I was hooked. This game is truly Ultima Online 2. In the past 2 months I have seen amazing things, mostly relating to player content. I’ve been to events where 500 people even in alpha show up and just hang out. The amount of alost real life co-play in the game is amazing. I visited a player made town 2 days ago where they designed a massive ring for fighting, absolutely amazing. It has the sandbox feel like Mindcraft. I’ve been through 2 major builds so far and each time the game has gotten exponentially better… remember this is still Apha. I have played a lof of online RPG’s in my life from UO / everquest / DAOC / WOW / etc… and I am utterly hooked on this game enough to pledge up. I think a lot of people will be kicking themselves in July when this game goes “live” that they didn’t get in earlier. Have no doubt, this is a mature game like UO, things are not handed to you. You must learn the world and use that wisdom to build your actual empire. There is no “rails” like you have in games like Wow, the game is completely open… go where you want at your own risk and raise any kind of class build you want… even if you do it wrong… you must learn. People who want a simple ""press a button and kill stuff 24 hours a day"" will not like this game. People who want to kill stuff for 2 hours then go spend 2 hours in an online event in someones player owned town having an amazing unique event."
,Recommended,326160,21737183,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,SymposiaMaxima,"The is a game for many varying types of players...From those who grind, to those who craft.For wanderers and adventurers,  even for those seeking fame and glory and vast domain.A lone fighter, or a guildmaster. Play and compose music in-world,  or write a book.Collect treasure, be one with the local community... or, maybe nobility is the only path.With so much to offer, a truly thorough review is a far reaching prospect.If you are interested, take a look through the ways and meansof embarking from the Rift into a vast new experience.---The following was added after posting initial review.Response to comment:Sckolar:""No offense, but you didn't really give an exampleof ""varying"" players. People who grind, usually*are* crafting. Wanderers are adventurers, andalmost everybody is looking for glory. Most ofthis stuff is what all players do.""---No offense taken... truly.Healthy dialogue and debateusually further knowledge and community.As well, commenting helps foster a more thoroughreview process for gaming and development alike.I thank you; you are correct in your suggestion of the furtherneed for explaination to conclude this as a proper review.First and foremost, a formality...I am not a legacy Ultima Online player tryingto defend Richard Garriot and past glories.So this review and dialogue is in no wayregarding anything beyond Shroud of the Avatar.I was trying to write a short, concise,and positive review of a game I really enjoy.Please pardon my intial brevity.However, I am all for further delineationof such subjects as are now at hand.Regarding various PC types available, etc...While each of these can be thought to use and encompassmultiple definitions offered, these are but generalizationsregarding the varied types of game-play available.--Wanderer--Having more emphasis in non-story activites,sight-seeing, sitting enjoying the scene,taking screen-shots, exploring mundaneaspects of the game, these are often periodicplayers. Though the bardic tradition would seemfitting for this catagory as well.Often found dancing in random taverns, or standingin otherwise unorthodox positions or locales withinthe game world. These produce many of the artisticscreenshots. At home in any simulator realm, contentto just wander this way and that, somtimes obliviousof combat.--Adventurer--A classic lead character from any fantasy novel,more emphasis on questing and ""adventuring"".Likely having a higher frequency of combatactivity than that of a wanderer, while still sharingmany of the same player traits. A more traditionalRPG player character.The genre revolves around this PC type. Usuallypushing the next quest, or helping a guildmate completerandom tasks, so each can move on to the next quest.--""Grinder""--PCs of this ilk, are the anchor for any raid party.Always the first to max combat skills, min-maxingfor ultimate battle potential. Masters of PVP and PVE.Can almost always be found online, hunting XP,or working out a new deck combination. Classic tanksof battlefields and arenas.These players flourish in any multiplayer environment.Can be found in all locations at all times due tofrequency of play.--Crafter--Often the alchemist, or the blacksmith, the player that knowswhere to find what material to craft anything andeverything. Adept hunters and miners, even farmers,for need of materials, though the craft is foremost.Often found in towns hovering over a craft station.These players can often be confused with hoarders.Crafting pursuits can often lead to the merchant trade.Always looking to craft something for anybody.--Builder--Not to be confused with a crafter, these shape the world.Often involved in land or town management, building,acquiring, installing, providing party or guildfacilities, concert halls, hideouts, etc...Usually landholders, can be as active as ""grinders""yet almost never leave the building sites.These create those structures in any digital realm,those never foreseen by the dev-team. Some structurescan be breath-taking, leaving one to wonder how such wasachieved, though sometimes eye-sores emerge.Everybody is a critic.--Lone Fighter--These could just as well play single player mode,which is included. Taking to the wilds, usually a verycapable player, since most time is spent alone. Similarto the adventurer, yet less direct quest and storyconcerns.Having more emphasis on forging one's own path in the world, theseusually have unique experiences and storylines versus what is offeredas initial lore. Rarely found in a dancehall, tavern, etc...Usually found roving some off-the-path locale.--Guildmaster--This is a very immersive pursuit for any gaming community.The puppet strings emerge from his or her hands.Organizing the many, while offering help to ""noobs"".Maybe not the strongest on the battlefield, but thesemost definitely have plenty of muscle at a beckoningcall. Can involve much out-of-game gound-work...Often found in chat with every this-or-that concern.Guildmasters must deal with their own, but also others.Forming guild alliances, or enemies.Offering the call-to-arms.--Musician--With harp, flute, drum, or lute in hand, even stil, maybesitting at the piano, playing songs of each their own,or maybe tribute to musicians from other realms entirely.Can be found playing tunes straight from the keyboard,or uploading a favorite song in .abc file code form.Even composers wander this realm, creating worksof lore-friendly music to be played in syncchronizationby multiple musicians for chamber ensembles, or the grand concerto.--Author--From in-world crafted items, these enterprising players findreknown and accomplishment with circulation of their ownliterary works. Crafting stories of their grand adventure,or maybe creating a fresh, new, even vibrant fantasy world withinanother vibrant fantasy world, in meta-artistry.Often poets, lyricists, and philosophers, these fill the pageswith the wonders of this world and that world, all in the same.--Nobility--A rare ""breed"", consumers of top-shelf meads and spirits, withboth land and title, the definition meets the word. Having uniquelocalized realms, governance of a keep or hold, and the titleto prove worth of the claim.Gold is noble, old gold rules... Having vast wealths to fosterclaims as such, these often have pursuits in each of theafore mentioned player types, as well, these can be found in alllocales at all times, though frequency is dependent upon theircurrent activity and/or concern.---With that being offered; now a few notes on Gold, Treasure, Fame, and vast domain:...there is gold in-game; and then, there is the cost of this game...Gold and the such, in game, is as one would expect.One can use earned gold to purchase items, etc...Money can be spent, from the real world, as one wouldexpect from an online gaming world.Real Money can affect the game......gold can be used to acquire items originallypurchased through a marketplace with Real Money.Hence... Gold is noble, old gold rules.The earlier in developement that real money is offeredthe greater the early-access rewards;Yet, how shall the servers be financedotherwise...?Vast domains, and rare treasures can be purchased,yet these become the sought after treasure for somein a cyclic manner to help initiate the player-driveneconomy, both for in-game and real-world costs.Understanding is being involved,being involved is understanding."
76561197968354274,Not Recommended,326160,13112090,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Shin,This game is absolutely terrible.  Its one of the worst rpgs I've played and they are stubborn to keep these horrible design decisions.  Random card drawing integrated into your hotbar is probably the worst design decision I've seen.  There is a reason NO ONE does this!  The community has all but left except for the people that spent thousands buying things in the cash shop.The quests are poor and the combat is not fun at all.  You literally have to watch your character walk around a farming node to a specific point to start harvesting.  The devs have insulted their own customers and are now constantly deleting posts on this forum and the official.  Seems like they put most of their money and work into developing the cash shop instead of the game itself.
76561198047128032,Not Recommended,326160,20818078,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Nubetastic,This is a MMO joke...
76561198025633477,Not Recommended,326160,21196339,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Sinnaps,"You would be hardpressed to find a tester who has put as much time into a game, and let's not forget the hundreds and hundreds of RL cash. I logged in the other day just to peek in only to find my $600 house was expired and gone, or at least my plot was, regardless. Typical. How about actually releasing the game some day?All I can say is if this game was free to play it would be over priced. Run for the hills, save yourself, do not make the mistake I made. That is a lot of time and money I will never get back for a game that may be released sometime after self-flying cars.The potential was there years ago but the DEVS have relentlessly and shamelessly reduced this pile of garbabge into a total cash grab. I will never even consider backing a game moving forward, this company and this game has left me that jaded."
76561198096808915,Not Recommended,326160,13119981,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,tanchico,"This game has plenty of potential, it really has a nice feeling to it atm. However, the animations are terrible and the sounds are pretty rubbish also. I have been playing online games since they were created, and I sometimes look back with rose tinted spectacles. This game is destined to fail for obvious reasons.I know this is only pre-alpha, but it is looking really bad. I enjoyed the old EVERQUEST, UO and DAOC, but i would not play them now. EQ had horrible grind..and I mean really bad, UO had too much fluff and DAOC looks absolutely horrendous compared to any modern MMO.SOTA is trying re-create that old school feel. I understand what they are trying to do. Games today need to be evisceral and fun to play, SOTA is just boring.  If this game was released back in the late 90's or early 2000, then how it looks and play would have been acceptable, NOT today.28/7/2016 update: AVOID this terrible game. New player experience is worse than the previous one. This game is the most dull RPG experience I have ever played. Horrible and clunky games that deserves to die.I have played games since the days of pong, and this game is the worst one I have ever played, absolutely terrible ;("
,Not Recommended,326160,13084098,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Lionarith,"Update: After so much time without decent improvements, i need to give this a negative review.It is not developing in the right direction. And banning people for negative reviews is a bad sign.----------When i recognized that my char, suddenly a giant, stands between micro trees and mountains, i was so disappointed. I have not read about it in the description so i thought it will be one large area without loading screens, like we all know.Instead you play in ""small areas"" which you can leave on the borders to the overland map.For me overland maps in rpg games are a pain. They destroy immersion, gameplay possibilities and the fun travel though a foreign land, not knowing what to see after the next hill/rocks/whatever, completely destroying the raoming and discovery gameplay, but without having any equivalent value. Its like in other games where you cant advance without quitting the game to check forums or guides. The overland map changes the meta level and you are forced to kind of ""leave"" your character to play it like another genre.This really is a setback for me, after i was quite sure that this game will please me in all ways.Dont get me wrong, i dont mislike the areas with natural borders. I can live with the loading screens. But i would connect several areas to build one complete world which feels consistent, instead of some areas which are connected via a not so beautiful map. Encounters arent exciting or fascinating, they are just an annoyance, which needs to be there because of some kind of syntax, a rule. :(So in my point of view, the overland map was a bad descision. Anyone, devs and players, are welcome to tell me what the value of this feature is for them, or just what you like about it. I will gladly modify my opinion when there are good reasons.(at this point its is important to clarify that this is just my personal opinion, which depends highly on my playstyle).Everything else in this pre alpha game is still very promising for me. So i recommend it. I will check back regularly.Best,Lio"
,Not Recommended,326160,24599991,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,jazz.skunk,Wish I could get my money back. This game is a scam.
76561198009426243,Recommended,326160,23046894,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Selene,"The game is a work in progress, definitely.. But every release it gets better and better.  I am so happy to have gotten the opportunity to watch it transform into something amazing."
,Not Recommended,326160,30987295,Posted: 6 April,all,Theely,I once purchased a shredded chicken salad sandwich from a deli. Within four hours of eating it I had explosive diarrhea followed up with two days of vomiting and chills. That was a better purchase than this game.
76561198008822589,Not Recommended,326160,25065219,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Vetlon,"Lord British, why have you forsaken us. Thus sayeth the Avatar."
76561198048908940,Recommended,326160,21878860,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Rile Slapcheek,All shalt hail the return of Lord British!HUUUZAHHHH!
76561198021654366,Recommended,326160,20280807,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,SamRothstein,"PLEASE READ THIS:  PEOPLE COMPLAINING ABOUT LACK OF ""STUFF TO DO"". YOU NEED TO READ READ THE FINE PRINT.  THE VAST MAJORITY OF STORY AND QUESTS ARE BEING HELD BACK UNTIL LAUNCH.  WHAT YOU GET RIGHT NOW IS PRETTY MUCH A GIANT SANDBOX.I had to write that above comment because most of the bad reviews are over things that the developers have made perfectly clear...REVIEW SO FAR:I've been extremely happy with the development of this game.  This MMORG/RPG has a massive amount of depth to it and a community that brings a lot player created events which I love.There are some clunky features right now, specically the sound effects, but it's pretty minor stuff.This game is not pay to win like some people hurling insults at it, it has  a cash shop for cosmetic stuff just like Elder Scrolls, Guild Wars, etc.  What is unique about this game though is it has to do a lot of this to help fund the game, which games like Elder Scrolls have major private lending."
76561198009919818,Recommended,326160,17915547,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,thomascjackson,"This is a PRE ALPHA game by Lord British (of the Ultima game series). That is really all you need to know. If you go in looking for a complete game you will be dissapointed, otherwise have fun!"
76561198062088685,Recommended,326160,17450628,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Sgt Davros,"Massive potential, only a matter of time until this becomes a top game."
76561198043711616,Not Recommended,326160,25523837,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Peter B Jordanson,Another disgusting EA Scam/Money grab.
76561198000836423,Recommended,326160,21371279,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,"Boy Bruce, the Mighty Atom","I'm seeing this as the 3D Ultima Online I wanted after over 30k hours playing Ultima Online.Only 50+ hours tinkering about in the Alpha and I'm still a noob. most AAA games finish before 50 hours.Travel isn't easy, there are moongates that don't always connect to where you want to go.Depends on the moon cycle. you can look up and see the moon cycle and work out where the gates are gonna go.It's unique and It's like a breath of fresh air to me.5/7"
76561198008942632,Not Recommended,326160,14132636,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,thewul,"Sorry for the thumbs down, but the game in its ""PreAlpha"" State cant even remotely hold up to all the verbous anouncments and pledges.Ultima III was my very first rp played in 81 or 82, and i stuck with UO for almost a decade - and I really try to love this, but atm this feels somewhere between ripoff and blatant fraud, and I'm afraid this is the next crowdfunding flop.And I' dont mean the 30€ it costs on steam, but all the fancy pictured stuff you can buy in the shop - to get it in a ""PreAlpha"" game that- has graphics, espacially animations,  from a decade ago- has a horrible, inconsitent userinterface - can't talk about a ""broken"" design here, seems there hasn't been any design at all, and this shouldn't happen even in PreAlphasome examples:* no minimap, no map (!) - is the search-your-bag-for-the-proper-map meant to be the  ""realistic"" or what?* Inventory, Character-Sheet, tooltips* Skill""Managment"" - click reset to find out you aint got the gold to get any skill  back - comon maaaanI wouldnt be so critical if ArcheAge wouldnt show how well a FreeToP(l)ay can be done today - at least the interface!Please Mr. Lord British back up your words and get this thing going...."
76561198052344921,Not Recommended,326160,15871565,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,slchilds,"Year 2015I like the concept, can not wait unit taming and farming are in place. Over all the game is shaping up to be a great game. People and NPC's make the realm come alive. Looking forward to the future releases.Year 2016Not as much growth in the project as I would have thought. Seems they are more into selling addons and pledges than get the game completed. keep a hand on your wallet and your eye on the game.Year 2017. There is hope starting to look like what was envisioned. Its a lot better but can not buy property in game unfortunately thats with real money or raffle.Q4 2017. Offline single player still has a lot of problems and buggy. Seems like all the devs care about is the telethons. Just look at the issue list instead of adding new content at this stage they should be working on fixing / eliminating the know issues. Feeling a little disappointed in the results."
76561197972736995,Recommended,326160,19788453,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Vitruvian Stick Figure,"I picked up this game in extreme early access, because of the legendary accomplishments of its maker, Richard Garriot. While it's been a long road, I can say that this game is a mountain of fun to play at this point.Aside from a mind-breaking large map, with many layers to it, and three potential game plot lines, there are a host of wonderful and often novel features to the game. As an example, online mode (MMORPG), offline mode, and friends-only online mode (basically pulling a Borderlands). Players can have an extreme impact on the shape of the map.Early on, there was a bothersome limitation on the number of monsters available, but that time has passed. Combat has exploded in detail. The conversation system is reminiscent of the unique style used in the original Ultima games. Crafting? Crafting is off the hook.It is, technically, still early access and a construction zone; but I firmly believe that for its price it is worth your time. The future of open world RPGs begins here.With regard to stated drawbacks in other comments:The addon store does exist, and prices range at around $100 for an in-game property. This is a %%$@# lot. At one time, when the game was less complete (and having an art studio to throw my money into), that was pretty crippling. However, as the game has approached completion, it has become less essential and I can vouch for a complete experience without addition investment at this point; this is especially true in offline mode."
76561198027880363,Not Recommended,326160,16299716,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,BayneRav,"Im on the fence with this... Sure it seemed fun for a time, yet now idk either to make a place need real funds to put up a setttlement, so i just ignored most cities and wanted to scavange out in the wilderness, but guess what, no roaming to speak of! I mean its zone hoping for the most part so its either entierly based on community organization then so be it, just aint for me.Might ask for a refund, even though early release... Yet all i can say its rather impressive the structures that are in the backdrop, yet really empty and lifeless, Wandered down 7 flights of stairs in a user created villa and nothing but a maze of empty space... After that decided crafting, yet figured its possible to just obtain better gear from shops so figured would entertain the idea of being contracted to gain surplus goods for a Flag.YET no such need for combat, i wanted a living breathing environment where PvP was possible yet its Early Access, so idk if should wait and get a refund considering the reviews of others are not very convincing to stay.Still, idk anymore... goodluck if pick it up its not a Yes or No yet ///"
,Not Recommended,326160,22227665,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,SC.Vith,"I honestly can't believe how bad this is. If this came out 15 years ago, it would be groundbreaking. Right now, it is weird and embarassing. I can't believe professionals are responsible for this."
76561198037462522,Not Recommended,326160,14249331,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,RobidyBobidy,"Edit 2/26/17Please tell me you're not actually reading through all the reviews to figure out if this game sucks or not.  Don't give your money to these guys for this garbage game.Graphics: Good, if it was 1995Combat: Utter Garbage, even if it was 1995Character customization: Non-existant, and has been that way FOR YEARSSkill system: You have to buy ingredients to use most of them.If you're looking to scratch an MMO itch, sorry but keep looking."
76561197969376559,Recommended,326160,26347373,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Steevodeevo,"SoTA is much better than some of these very emotive reviews suggest. It's not there yet by some distance, but in recent patches it has started to shape up and you can now begin to see what the Devs are after and it should be a solid and very deep story driven game in the long run with plenty of moody ambience.The Dev's took a huge risk releasing a pre-Alpha product (that's Alpha not Beta), and I guess it was optomistic in these times of instant gratification to expect folks to grasp that SoTA isn't actually a fully playable game, but rather a 'Proof of Concept' against which you can consider investing your money and time if you like the vibe and if you do invest, you are encouraged to contribute towards its development.I think also some folks are having a bit of an issue with their expectations. SoTA is intentionally fairly unforgiving by the standards of mass produced MMOs these days and somewhat old school in that there is very little hand holding. You are expected to work things out for yourself, which when you do is gratifying. After several months I myself have just worked out how to grind experience properly(!) and so now I'm having a much more satisfying time preparing my Avatar for the main quest lines.The Devs have been honest. There is plenty of information warning and informing people about what theyre getting into if they buy. People don't seem to be reading before they commit and the subsequent ranting and indignation  is sadly missrepresenting the product in some of these early access reviews.If you are at all intrigued by SoTA, I would recomend you dig a little deeper into both the reviews and background info on the product. Ive ticked the recommend box, but its a very personal choice and not cut and dried. This is no cut and paste MMO for the masses. You have to put effort in to get reward out, but as is often the case in such situations, the reward is sweeter."
76561198150186188,Recommended,326160,25990660,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,swissonrye420,"I did not want to write this review until i had the hours in the game to back it up, Almost 300 hours in now i think it is time. This game is better than i could have ever expected. First and foremost ""THIS GAME IS NOT FINISHED"" if you play the game and then read the reviews you will quickly realize that 99% of the bad reviews are writen by people with laughable hours of gameplay and a severe need of mommy to hold their hand for fear of actually having to think. That being said, i have been wading through the waist high feces of the mmo market for years and have finally found a gem that didnt turn out to be just another piece of corn. If you want challenge, extremely helpful and adult community, great pvp, depth of crafting and combat like no other and too many other pro's to list, then give it a shot. This is not a cash grab either, there is absolutely nothing in the cash shop that would give any player a competitive advantage over another. I have payed base price for game and not a dime more, It hasnt hindered my play or left me feeling weak. So i will finish with a strong recomendation for shroud of the avatar. Thank you for giving me a new online home for many loyal years"
,Recommended,326160,23297116,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,MURDERBOT 9000,shaping up to be a good mmo.
,Recommended,326160,20480839,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,tmharvey,"Awesome game, Great community"
,Recommended,326160,17659871,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,[G.W.] Good Guy Greg,It's like Skyrim with guns.
76561198018527454,Not Recommended,326160,14469790,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,randylvc,Wow I get the alpha stuff. God knows I've played a ton of them..But with the budget this game has..  it's just a hot mess...I bought in becaquse well.. I played UO for years...Was looking to regain that magic...  this game? will end up being a pay to win mess....It looks like it was coded about 10 years ago....Nerw Players will get lost fast!Right now.. questing is a mess..  not that i want anything handed to me..  but  you pretty much need to stuble on everything..The randow encounters  just slow down group play.. your walking together in a group and 1 of you get attacked...so disipointed in the way this game looks and plays right now.....  I'll check back in a few months..  but just looking at the path this game is going.....  It's just not worth the $ ....   or the time.....   I hope it changes.. but the truth is going back to UO..  well IMO would be a better choice the way this games stands....
,Not Recommended,326160,16967147,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,MadReizka,"At its current state Shroud of the Avatar is not worth the money.The game is and have been in alpha stage for aeons.In my humble opinion the devs choose the wrong engine to do this game.SotA was marketed as the next Ultima Online. Its not. I wonder if you even can do a MMO with Unity.Anyways, there is so much wrong with this game ATM, I cant point them all out.Lets see what happens with this game in the future, but at this stage: avoid avoid avoid!I think they just robbed all the people who loved the Ultima series..."
76561198068002611,Not Recommended,326160,16694883,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,senormom1,"Updated again 1/19/2017 Still pre-alpha???? After nearly 4 years and over 11 million in development. The continued misuse of steam and its fairly decent name/reputation is literally a crime. Were this game any other product type there would surely be criminal action by now and a class action suit also. Were they closer to where i live i would visit them and get my money back. Btw, just in case you would like to throw away more money on this scheme another money grab is coming in march where you can buy in game crap for real money.Updated 2-25-2016. Now that the fan boys have had their say and fooled so many of us it is good to see the truth begining to come out; and my complaints ( that have been around since day one) are not just my own. Everything that i said has been echoed by many, many others. The fan boys are growing hoarse and their little fingers are ablister but one is able to see this SCHEME for what it really is. Now on to my original review that turned out to be 100% correct but so many fan boys tried to suppress.I realize that Lord British was one of the best but, this game is pretty much why i have given up ""purchasing"" early access games...it might be worth buying someday....doubt it though.It is a huge money grab. Once they get your money for the initial purchase, which is quite high for an early access game,  they try to get more money by selling you in game items at rip off prices. See for yourself.https://www.shroudoftheavatar.com/?page_id=9085&open=ornate_brass_darklamp__digital_btw since this is an eposodic game installment this is one of five episodes if they all reflect this price you are looking at around $200.00 U.S. for the entire game. You would be better off with Skyrim or something else.Money stuff aside the game, aka SCHEME, is utter crap and not playable. Graphics are dated, controls are awkward etc. Story??? Spend your money elsewhere- i.e. P.O.E. or G.D. or Pillars. The one saving grace is that they tell you not to buy it. But you say hey some really great games have had that caveat so maybe this one will be also. Yeah, maybe; but not today and not anytime soon. How many indie games have you seen that were awesome and were competition for a triple A budget but made for next to nothing by a boy and his dog?? Tons... SCHEME of the Avatar has generated well over 7 million dollars and this crap is what we get?!?!  More empty promises and vapourware."
,Recommended,326160,29428638,Posted: 22 January,all,Gorebane44,I can finally recommend this game as the micro stutters are finally gone.  I enjoy the combat system as well.  It took them a couple years to get this fixed but glad it is.
76561198072941341,Not Recommended,326160,13824156,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,abdelraheim,"The game was not fun last time I played. It inspired me though to play UO on some free servers though which was pretty fun. Cannot wait until it gets betters I can change my review. Origin was one of the best gaming companies ever and I am sure eventually the game will be great.I love ultima. We had ultima 3 on the mac was so young didnt really know how to play but I still have the cloth map. Got ultima 4 for nes when I was 8 years old in like 1993, was one of my favorite games. When I first played ultima 7 in like 1995 or so was blown away, it became my favorite game. I never played an open world type game like that before, baking bread. Loved SI too, after that the single player ultimas were no good anymore, I bought and played them though anyways. I played in the UO beta and bought on day one.I really want to like this game but it doest seem like there is much there yet. I really really dont like the random encounters and the overland map. The overland map seems like super weird for a mmo and the random encounters too. It doesnt make sense in an mmo to pull a charecter away from the world into this single player type battle. Also once you level up its a waste of time to fight as you get no loot or good xp from the random battles. I just run through them now.Also seems like there is only a couple hours of real content so far.Start game. Go to Valway South. Kill skeltons and wolves until level up and save couple hundred gold. Go back to town, get better weapon and armor.Go to Greymark forest. The wagon will have some pirate cutlass swords andand iron triage shield next to some crates. As far as I know these are some of the best in the game. The elfs give around 400xp. Level up and save 1200G or so to get augmented plate.Buy augmented play from owl head. Go to deep ravenswood. The elder wolfs and red spiders give 1000xp, everything else 800. Level up for a couple hours.After this your charecter can kill pretty much anything. Checkout the dungeon in the south, check out the moongate, do the tour quest. Pretty much it though. No better gear, no mobs that give more xp then in deep ravenswood.Besides the content and major things (overland map and randon encounters) there are other small issues (combat, town design, etc) that I hope will get ironed out. Looking real forward to this game in like a year or so."
76561197996826896,Not Recommended,326160,17713501,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,steven,I have played Shroud Of The Avatar Forsaken Virtues for 17 hours I have find no bugs. The game is often frustrating because it does not have enough information in the journal and when in conversions with others in the game I think the main story quests are alright. I have not been able to do alot of side quests yet. I have been online to have more information. With improvements to the game I would recommend this game.
76561198006648352,Recommended,326160,26202706,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Tegner,"I am an old UO player and haven’t played UO in a number of years. I have tried other MMO's such as Everquest and they quickly lost my attention. This game will present a challenge to you and allow creative character development in similar ways to Ultima Online. I only have a few hours in and I can tell I will be in it for a while.There are quirks that need to be worked out and the development team has been extremely upfront about that. I read the negative reviews and they kept me away for months now. I wish I would have purchased the game a while ago to be honest. I do not think you could call this a cash grab or a pay to win game. The new models for MMO's are all free to play with paid perks. None of the perks sold give you a distinct advantage over anyone, at least that I can tell, they are all simply for looks. You want a fancy shirt or house decoration you can buy it. There is my two cents.This is only one of a couple of games I have felt the need to put a review in for.**edit** update: I just wanted to update this after 20 hours or so, I am all in. This game has the feel of UO in a good way I think. You have to figure things out, use your online resources and the community. The people playing are really freakin awesome. I like PVP and it is rough, there are so many ways to change your character around it is daunting and fun. - One more edit, I have stopped playing through steam and now play through the SOTA client downloaded through their website."
76561198093248691,Not Recommended,326160,22351868,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Kisstantari,IMO it's garbage and i wish i could get my money back.
,Not Recommended,326160,16941041,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,🌸KittenyBunny🌸,"Just applied for my refund for this game, the hype is not reflected in the quality or current content in the game, for a game that's already raised over 6 million and counting, for a game where people are investing £200 a time to buy land and property, for a game which is so desperate to take your money in any way they can...it's more than a little disappointing.And yes it's pre pre pre pre alpha early access and all that...sorry, but that's not an acceptable excuse, not with this team and that level of funding.This is one where I'd say wait..and wait and be patient and see if the final product is anything half decent."
,Not Recommended,326160,17306734,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,B!zeK,"If you're looking for a game that played at all like Ultima Online, this isnt it."
76561198072168260,Not Recommended,326160,19950558,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,noodles069,"I know this is unfinished,but the graphics and gameplay look they are from 1996. In todays MMO's you have to do better then that. The combat is horrible,you cant tell if your hitting the target. There def is no handholding in this game,cause you have no freakin clue what to do next or where to go next. Not worth the 45 dollars regular price,or the 22 dollars I paid"
,Not Recommended,326160,13125284,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Gary Dozer,"This game tries so hard to be original and old-school but right now it's just queer and disagreeable.Now, I'm not talking about poor animations, visuals and sound. It is all yet to come. The point is all about questionable and dubious game design decisions these developers have done.Dialogues. Can you imagine you have to type your conversation with NPC manually? In a chat window? In 2014? It is very awkward trying to read a complex NPC replies in an overloaded chat window.No item highlits. You have to click an object to discover wether it interactive or not. Well the cursor gets highlighted when it's over an interactive object. But it's too small.No open world. I mean WTF? Why do I have to play on some small levels where I can't make a step without aggroing some mob? In an MMO?User generated garbage. Starting town is cluttered with player buildings and furniture. Looks awful.Vague crafting. Recipes include so many ingredients. Most of ingredients you just have no idea where to get. You have to investigate it yourself by closing your game and searching the wiki. You can just stop on closing the game.No sandbox crafting. You can't start from nothing and get all you need with crafting. You have to buy from NPCs a lot things you can't craft yourself. And you can't craft without those things.Clunky and boring combat. It lacks a lot of necessary visual indicators. And it is all about pressing 1 through 0 keys.Archaic skill system. You just level up and get skillpoints you have to invest in several skilltrees.There is some strange approach to implemention of almost everything you can see in this game. Even where there is absolutely no need to invent something new.I can't believe Lord British is designing this game."
,Recommended,326160,33869422,Posted: 28 July,all,MaeveAlleine of Moonglow,"It's Like if SWG and UO had a BabyRemember what it was like in Star Wars Galaxies, like before all the bad stuff happened when big corporations made decisions about it? Yes, it's like that only a modern version with no large corporations to ruin everythingAnyone that loved and beta-tested SWG remembers how rough it was in the beginning but, alas, it became one of the most beloved MMOs in history right alongside Ultima Online. And the best part, we have the same devs as those games!There, that's my review. :)I wanted to quote another player's review because of it's eloquence as well:""SotA does not stop existing at the periphery of its landmass, either. The game is being developed with active contributions from its players, and participation by the dev team in the player community. Much like the early days of Minecraft - when Notch would field questions himself and acted as a pillar of the community - ""Lord British"" and the surprisingly small dev team are known to make appearances.Perhaps most importantly, it defiantly ignores the World of Warcraft mold. Those of us who have been MMO players since the term was coined will recall online worlds being less like theme parks and more like frontiers - rather than a carefully-curated series of events and vistas, we got a rough, unsettled land to explore without a tour guide. Rather than a painstakingly-balanced character progression system, we got raw fantasy fiction cut up into ability-sized chunks to swing at our enemies. There were no ""duty finders"" or ""group finder"" queues, because the biggest theme of the MMO - the most important part of the genre, in fact - was socializing.""Thanks Ushimimi!"
76561198184342847,Not Recommended,326160,19167917,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,jasone,"Constant marketplace additions rather than development. Wasn't too impressed by progress videos where they seemed to be talking about drinking more than other things. Anal retentive forums with an ""old boy"" network. If you hate PvP players, think you're above everyone else and have a lot of cash to throw around.. perfect game for you."
,Not Recommended,326160,20151886,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Swirlsie,"Do not buy this game, it is DEFENITLY NOT WORTH THE MONEY.CommunityThe community ingame is almost non-existant as there is hardly any contact.Combine this with a game where almost all real content comes from the players like events they run and it is horrible. There is only 1 real guild that does most of this, the BMC. BMC can be seen as creaters of the game more then the makers.GameplayThis game can be best described as an empty completely instanced world where virtual LARP players gather and do LARP events. They build houses together, sit around the campfire together, craft useless virutal items, and sell them in their crafted houses but it is completely pointless as there is no gameplay, endplay, nothing, only the player-made events.Combat: 2/10Very very VERY VERY bad. Doac had 100x better combat when it opened in 2001.They made everything regarding combat annoying and irritating, from training to targeting to that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ deck system.GraphicsIt looks ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and would not even have looked good if it was made in 2005.Community: 5/10Gameplay: 1/10Combat: 1/10Graphics: 3/10All in all this entire game is focussed on selling player stuff and taking more and more money from you to make the game enjoyable.What a mess, and what a joke coming from the UO creaters. The dude is completely clueless on how to create a GAME, because this is a virtual world designed to take your money, not to entertain you. Many people asked, is it a cash-grab? Well YES IT IS!"
,Not Recommended,326160,20644428,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Novsky,"The idea is totally great and Garriott deserves all the credit, but...for a while, i do NOT recommend this game.At the moment, it's just underdeveloped and not enough playable yet.There are just a few people playing it and the constant WIPES destroy the soul of any MMORPG.I'm even afraid this review will be wiped before i post it...=POk, I know that its a pre-alpha release, but stills sooo much work to be done to make the idea happen...To make it something really new, revolutionary and spiritual successor of Ultima series...now looks like it will take an eternity. The graphics are great, but everything else - from the system of skills and combat, crafting, quests, PvP, till game balancing and story need huge improvement.And pls we really want it to be a real OPEN WORLD game, a miniature map with annoying loading time from one place to another is sooo before Skyrim era.Finally, the game is overpriced for what you get right now.If the players are already working as developers testing the game, needing to deal with all kinds of problems, why is it still so expensive? I mean..minimum 45 bucks right now - i bought so many amazing games for less than this - and there are even packages for 12.000 $ !!! (Are u NUTS??)After some years, maybe i will change my overall opinion about this game.And i'm really in the hope you can make it guys!I will be following it. Good Luck!!"
76561198084634878,Recommended,326160,23680732,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,froji,"still some bugs, but shaping up to be one of the best rpgs ive ever played."
76561197972459663,Not Recommended,326160,22444686,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Zadul,"I can't recommend this game in its current state.  The controls are completely messed up.  Pressing the ""S"" key causes your character to turn around and walk towards the camera instead of backing up."
,Not Recommended,326160,21868661,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Aporia,"Game uses very small zones. You’ll see tons of housing. The “game” caters to lonely people by selling them plots, houses, and junk to put into them. The small zones and faux RPG themes stapled to the outskirts of this housing ruse serve as a marketing ploy to fill the populous. These jokers even run stylized Jerry's kidstelethonsto raise cash by peddling old Origins and Lord British trinkets. 24 hour telethons filled with bore and booze. The Ultima Online nostalgia bull has arrived and these feckless wonders taped a teat over its unmentionables and are hoping to give you a milk mustache."
,Not Recommended,326160,15331717,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Mastious,"I played ultima online once a couple months ago just to experience it and see everyone in this game was talking about so I don't really have a lot of experience in the ultima series.I wouldn't recommend this game in it's current condition it needs a lot of work. I know I only have 20 hours of play and played since realse 12  but I can't bring myself to play this game any longer. First of all the game is poorly optimised the graphics are from 2001 and frame rates are low.The sound is poor the crunching of your avatars steps begins to drive you insane and you thank the devs for offering a option to turn it off. When you hit a enemy it sounds like your punching a flour bag. The music is actually amazing I love the composition.The enemy desgin is your average generic fantasy monsters like wolfs, skeletons, bandits, bears, etc.The map is so stupid it's like a single player rpg map you walk in the world and occasionally you encounter enemies. This is so annoying when your in a party or trying to search for a town for a quest. The game doesn't tell you exactly where to go you have to read your quest log and it will say something like it's between the town blah blah blah northeast but since you don't have a map you don't know your exact location and you keep getting attacked by ♥♥♥♥ing wolves leading to even more confusion.The card combat is kinda cool if you build the right deck you can combo attacks for something stronger but the cards are random. I never tried pvp in the game but I probably can see this as a disaster. It has potential but needs to be worked on. Also the game has dodging which is useless because it's a tab targeting game wtf. Plus it's not like guild wars 2 or wildstar where the enemy shows a red layer on the ground where you need to move out of the way.The questing is pretty cool you talk to npcs by typing keywords. This allows you to roleplay with the npc and make it seem like your having a actual conversation with them. However the quest log is so poorly done I was mixing up quests because it records your events based on the last thing you did.I never knew the game technically has a cash shop on their website. They're pledges for a crazy amount of money and they mostly give out houses which aren't nessary so it isn't p2w.I would wait until this game gets a little more stable before buying it. The game is different and not ment for everyone."
76561197971432165,Not Recommended,326160,18175758,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Darreus (Amarlia),"this is not your typical mmorpg. they say the guy who made it is the ""God father of MMOS"" and yet he has a lot to learn about making one. the combat and fighting system is so broken even if you are in the right zone (which you have no clue mind you cause npcs have no levels and there is no map) you get so little focus you fight one wolf and have to stand still for 5 min to fight another. problem is like most wolves...they travel in packs. needless to say the concept of the game (rpg, lore) is cool, its not there. for a game thats on update release 22 out of 25 before release of actual game this year...extremely broken. and good luck finding help in game from players. they have no clue what anything is or does either."
76561198274400225,Recommended,326160,20295239,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,k.n-k3-hll4567,"IHA, Vanguard, Friends,Shroud of the Avatar is another Lord British game. It is still in development but it has great potential. The crafting looks especially promising. You can even have your own little piece of land.  Each time i log on the graphics slowly improve. There are still wipes so unless you are willing to help out and look for bugs and suggest improvements to game play then i suggest you wait until after the launch."
,Not Recommended,326160,19250441,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Plague_Spores,"I love the Ultima Series and lived Ultima Online for the longest time.Shroud of the Avatar: Forsaken Virtues is a story of empty promises and theft.  I do not care if I bought it as a pre-Alpha.  The fact that it has not left pre-Alpha to even enter Alpha is insane.  I feel that this game exists just to steal money from supporters due to the unwillingness to progress the game state.There is no excuse for stringing people along like Portalarium is doing.  I can foresee a class action lawsuit against this company if they continue in their ways of paid services and experiences and not delivering.That being said, I want this game to finish and I want to play this game...once it is finished.  It is currently too thrown together for this day in age and I cannot bring myself to continue playing the ever eternal ""Pre-Alpha""."
76561198041092375,Recommended,326160,34385738,Posted: 20 August,all,jfoytek,"So far the Pro's and Con's from a Long time UO VeteranCrafting is a mixed bag,- The RNG with exeptional results is good- The Masterworking is cool- The enchanting is decent...- The Material need to make a piece of gear is high- The ability to collect crafting material is rough- Can a crafter be a true crafter with no combat skill like UO, NOPE- NPC Item value is off which then snowballs into most crafted gear haveing little value if its not exceptional...The Sandbox- Beautiful- Towns are breathtaking, huge and feel like true citys that pretty much make any city in any MMO look detailess and small....- The Interaction with NPC's is amazing, the ability to have so many varied conversations without repeating the same answers shows alot of attention to detail...- Loading screens galore and are a huge disappointment, what sandbox has loading screens?!?- Running the gauntlet, the map is divided up into regions and there are always places you have too dodge extremely high level mobs to go from point a to point b, with nearly no way to avoid it!Development effort- Its extremely apparent on a daily basis that this Development team is working on Overdrive accomplishing alot, at a very fast pace!- Its also apparent that they at times they seem obstinant and almost ""Anti"" Ultima Online, when much of the game could be dramatically improved bye simple bringing it closer to the UO experience...Highlights!Player Housing (Albiet very expensive and based in real world currency)VENDORS - This one feature is what locks me into the game its so wonderful to be able to run an online business again, where your not just having to undercut or be undercut on an Auction House.Commujnity - Havent seen an online community this good since Ultima online pre trammel...***My Opinion***As a UO vet, there are two must have UO features this game needs to implement, infact I think they are MUST have features that could take this game to the next level....Rune's and Runebooks - would take this game and its economy to a new level.... mark a rune to your favorite vendor!Treasure Hunting - This was a feature that really helped set UO above all others and this game needs it....And Lastly!!!While I greatly appreciate the amazing story content and effort they have put into NPC dialogues I would love too see less game emphasis on Questing. As a Sandbox player I have an imagination and Quests have always been more of a turn off then a turn on for me.... At the moment this game feels VERY QUEST heavy!!!Infact this game feels more like a spiritual successor to what Elder Scrolls Online SHOULD have been and not but the UO Successor should be....Overall the game is a strong 7.5 /10- I want to play it every day- At the same time I also know it hasnt hooked me like SWG or UO did...- Butt its better then any other MMO I have played in YEARS...."
76561197987693015,Recommended,326160,24954808,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Halt_Yipp,"I really like Shroud of the Avatar (SOTA).I have played UO (was there on the first day of the game), EQ, DAOC, WOW, Warhammer Online, etc... I favorably compare SOTA with these classic games.I have also played many Pre-Alpha/Alpha games and not one was better than SOTA in Server Stability, Quality of Content, or game play.However the game is not perfect, I do not expect perfect, its Pre-Alpha.There are many zones that are just not done, guess what SOTA tells you they are under construction!The one issue I do have with the game is the limited systems currently to make new friends in the game.  Less of an issue for me because I am loud and aggressive :) , but for the average player I would think it is kinda hard to make new friends in the game.  But guess what I know they are working on solutions to this too!My overall impression of Shroud of the Avatar is this is a great begining and with support from their player community I know this game is going to only get better, which is amazing because it is already so very very good.I reccomend this game to everyone, however it is up to you to bring friends into the game or to find new friends by use of the limited ingame tools, SOTA Fourms, and Fansites."
76561198008914218,Recommended,326160,28402338,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Popinjay,"First of all, this game isn't WoW or GW2 or any of the other MMORPG's out there.  This game is different and unashamedly too!If you compare it to the big names in the MMORPG arena, then this game looks poor in comparison.  But, if like me you have played most of those other games and gotten bored to tears, then this just may be the game for you.  This game doesn't hold your hand, it lets you do a lot more than the other games in this genre don't, and that in itself may put some people off.  But, if you persevere, the game just keeps getting better and better in my opinion.There is still a long way to go before its release, but personally I can't stop playing it. I love it!UPDATE.With its monthly updates the game is coming along nicely."
,Recommended,326160,23835957,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,asphixated,been playing this game for 47 hours and i still find new areas to explore . the game Reminds me of the UO i once played
,Recommended,326160,25260091,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Sindalish,"I love this game!  As both a former UO gamer and Wow gamer (and a host of other MMO's) this game has a little bit of everything.  Very interactive, light a torch in a sewer and suddenly a hidden doorway reveals itself and leads you down a new adventure.  NPC interactions also change based on the choices you make, gain new emotes or quests depending on how you answer questions and talk to NPC's.  Still in Alpha, i'm so looking forward to new developments!"
,Recommended,326160,19787852,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,kerelious,"This game is awesome so far. It is still in preAlpha state so its nowhere near done. The devs work with players and testers regularly to ensure that this game is what we want it to be. As it is still in preAlpha, there is still plenty of work to be done, and plenty of wipes as well, so don't be discouraged by this, its how a crowd funded player built game should be. I've been part of many preAlpha-Beta games, and though it is sometimes frustrating, being on the ground floor gives you a different view and insight into that game and its devs.I highly recommend getting in to this game if you enjoy deep player progression, a great community, and devs who want your feedback to make the game what the players really want. Again, it is in preAlpha state, so it is nowhere near done, and this should be taken into account when deciding whether or not to purchase this game."
76561198014873283,Not Recommended,326160,19238713,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,mick129,"Do not buy this game if you expect something like Ultima Online. The game dont progress and is still in alpha after a year (and more). The fight system with the card is the worse I have ever seen. Beacause of the deck based combat system, I have to focus on the bottom of the screen when I fight.All they want is your money, here is an exemple.They sell a free Unity horse statue they didn't make for 50$. This is a real shame.https://d2sx9mrt4zumaq.cloudfront.net/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/SotA_GiantHorseStatue-1.jpghttps://www.assetstore.unity3d.com/en/#!/content/52025"
76561198028197384,Recommended,326160,25175778,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Demoyn,"If you were an Ultima Online fan during the glory days of '96 through '03 you'll likely enjoy this game. It's still rough around the edges and, like any game, the devs often make questionable decisions, but they do generally listen to player feedback. Unlike many games of its type, there are actually innovative mechanics here. It's got the most potential of any MMO I've played in the past decade."
76561197989105719,Recommended,326160,24642274,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,CoffeeCrank,"This game is a little rough sure, but if you ever enjoyed the old school pure idea of the MMO genre then this may be for you.  Examples would be Star wars galaxies Ultima online and a dash of EQ.The UI is rough.The AI is rough.The Graphics are rough..What it does do right is that the basics are there, and a sence of exploration awaits,  character progression is robust and varied.  The game is going in the right direction and I would diffenetly endorse if you have the means and want to try something diffrent yet familiar."
76561198047256448,Recommended,326160,25436749,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Jixen9,"Fun game,, has a unique feel to it..by far has the best and most helpful community of any MMO iv played, and iv played them all. Very community driven game, parties, meetings, sport events, pvp tournaments, in game radio with people u will meet in world DJing, HUGE amount of house stuff and house decorating/customizing. The game is good, and it has a lot of room for growth, but the community as of right now is what really makes this game."
76561198056791961,Recommended,326160,25463932,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Inksy,"So for this still being early developement this is a great game ... ive encountered dungeons with puzzles that you must figure out whether by riddle or by enviornment manipulation to get where you need to get ... the npc's can have intruiging quests to send you on and some have some intruiging stories... there are goregous cities you can go into (my fav so far which is undeveloped would be Skrekk the kobold kingdom) and have you wanting to see if there are anymore places just as unique .... the combat system is fun once you get used to the deck system they have in place ... and the crafting system allows you to craft the best gear you can get in game and gives value to the materials youll use in your creations... because they give different properties ..Yes it has its issues and some crashing , lag, and a few wonky spots that invisble walls tend to annoy the crap out of you, and theres such a lack of update on their wiki site that crafting can be an interesting exploratio by itself ... but they are constantly bringing us updates that bring polish and balances to the game ... sometime the balance un balance it but its not a finished game yet so thats ok ...This is worth a look by casual gamers and hard core gamers alike and given some time you'll find you'll like it alot"
76561198037531713,Recommended,326160,27936807,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Tumble_Kyle,"Try not to be too put off by the initial few scenes (they really need to make this more new player friendly and make the first 30/60 mins a better experience to attract more players).However if you give this a bit of time it fast becomes a really great game, full of depth and exciting exploration. Lots of nice reminders of ultima online with lots of new game mechanics that seem strange initially but really seem to work when you get in to it.The game is also really helped by it's community - lots of friendly people are playing. Make sure you keep an eye on your chat window because lots of people are willing to help new players out and there is a general great atmosphere without any of the typical loller kid attitude that comes with many new mmos these days.So if you are looking for a fun game with a good community, that is being updated all the time. Give this a go! (particularly if you get this game on sale!)"
76561198137851454,Recommended,326160,18190462,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Xotel,"Been playing this solidly since October now. The housing system is better than any game I have seen. Load of fun to play with and decorate. The combat system is ok. It's not just ""click target then sit back to wait for auto attack to finish"". The pvp isn't the greatest out there but it is fun.The community is superior. Many friendly people and I rarely have trouble finding folks to do things with when I want to.The crafting system kinda sucks. It's ok mechanics-wise but the developers overthought it in a big way. It's near impossible to craft top tier items so when you do, they're not worth any amount of gold to match the farming, grief, and time that went into making it. They intentionally made crafting so unpleasant and irritating only those that enjoy maximum pain and dissappointment thrive in it."
76561198005337074,Recommended,326160,13073281,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Fiden,"Umm, Hmm. Not sure....."
76561198016683170,Not Recommended,326160,17589882,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Pawel Ryszard,"I purchased this game (so expensive!), because i was huge fan of ultima online. I thought it will be a bit similar, but it's not.I know it is pre alpha, but after so many months of working on this game, it should be at least playable and give some fun (other games with early access can do that), and at least some feeling that it is somehow related with ultima online.But it's not, there is no fun in this game. Graphics definetely sucks, world map (why you put world map to this game?), definetely destroys everything wich we can call ""feeling"".   Why you can go deep into the forest?  Why menus looks so terrible (it's it the easiest part to do). This game has nothing related with ultima online. And i applied for refund.PLEASE DO NOT SUPPORT THIS GAME, IT'S WASTING OF TIME AND MONEY. DEVELOPERS ARE REALLY RUDE GUYS TELLING US THIS IS ULTIMA ONLINE LEGACY. IT IS A CHEAT!!!"
76561198027083929,Not Recommended,326160,15924559,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Sammy West,"I really don't know if I can like the game or not. I bought this on sale for around 30 bucks. So far, there's really not much to do with it. I mean there's not really anything attracting me to it anymore, and I've tried it for like 10 minutes at a time, and it don't seem like its something that I like.Its just too disorganized with the story, too many nagging tutorials, no voice, and while i love older games like this, its a new game that really could have done better. I don't see much progress with this either."
76561198328226765,Recommended,326160,25375761,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,smokyhishn,Positively Addictive and am sure to see it fully grow into an amazing and long lasting game
76561197965375731,Recommended,326160,24770356,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Merv DeGriff,"Fun.   Sandboxy.   Ultima feels...Yes, people gripe about the cash shop cosmetic items.  This review would be 20 pages long if I listed every game that monetized cosmetics.   Get used to it and get over it, server lights got to stay on somehow.The game is in heavy developement and itterates frequently.  The devs ask for feedback on features and work with it.  Ina few weeks I watched the new test targeting system go from rubish to fun and pleasant.  If you do any real QA, Dev, or engineering work, you can realize to itterate that much with feed back is no mean feat.As of R32 the basics are in, but the game is not feature complete or content complete.Pros -Overworld map for travel / random encounters.-Reasonably sized scenes, newbie ones are smaller and intimate while some later are rather expansive and interconnected.Crafting gives players better control over gear and are pleasant.Combat is not a total Dance Dance Revolution finger twist.Combat is not a total snooze.Cons -In developement, not content complete.- Not all quests are complete.- Side quests are not fully populated- Some scenes are not complete, and are clearly marked.Balance passes in progress for skills.Balance passes in progress for itemization.Also note, the devs stream and answer questions on a regular basis."
,Recommended,326160,35504814,Posted: 5 October,all,Loose Cannon,"This game has been a work in progress for a few years now. It's come a long way and I'm personally and professionally very excited for it's completion.  This game is worth buying when it is done 100%.  That said, there is nothing stopping you from getting it early, taking a peek at what is going on (it's very playable) and supporting the early development efforts with your money.  When it is released you will be playing anyway... might as well get it now."
,Not Recommended,326160,20827148,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,HorizonDragon,"I am so disapointed that $8m crowdfunded can make such a worthless game. It needs to be completely rewritten. So you know I speak from exp... I have beta tested UO, EQ, AC, and many more mmorpgs. Forget this disaster! Try instead Life is Feudal! Now that is an alpha that rocks!"
76561198024772968,Not Recommended,326160,14528958,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Don Wong,"You will see a number of reviews comparing this game to Ultima Online.  I bought the game for that reason and was disappointed.  You will also see references to the game being reasonably developed despite being early access.  This doesn't hold up either - particularly when you consider the game pricing.  Here's why:Look and FeelThe game aims for a realistic world but graphics quality is poor and the overall look is drab.  The music is good but the look of the game falls well short of the simple but effective Ultima Online interface.Character BuildingThere are no classes.  You develop one character that can do everything.  As you level up, you receive points which can be used to customise your character.  These are refundable for a modest amount of gold - so basically, you can be a swordsman one day and a mage the next.  I liked the discipline of making a choice and then developing a character in accordance with that choice.   In addition Ultima Online had a system whereby skill levels rose in response to use.  This has gone - and I think was one of the game's hallmarks.CombatThis is conducted using a deck of cards you select in advance.  They pop up in random order into your task bar and you have to select them as they come (and you have to be quick).  It's distracting and makes it impossible to manage any sort of rotation.  You can work with a preset task bar but the game imposes penalties if you wish to do this.There are combat bugs.  Mobs not engaging, being unable to hit mobs, delays in getting in and out of combat, etc.  Would be very frustrating if you wanted to pvp.AdventuringThe world has been shrunk down to a mini map on which your character walks alone roughly an inch high.  You use this map to walk from one instance to another.  It's slow and laggy.  Nothing much happens on the way.  No other characters are visible.  When you enter an instance, they tend to be small and based on a small number of templates.  Gone are the days of long walks through the world, encountering surprises good and bad.  Whilst I didn't like being ganked in the old game, it was sort of exciting to be constantly on guard and prepared for anything.   Sometimes you would beat the bad guy.  Given the instancing, I wonder how this happens now.QuestsIncredibly few of these and the manner in which they are offered is frustrating.  You have to type in ""how can I help you"" over and over when speaking to NPCs - most of whom have nothing to say in response.Player HousingThis is one thing that has been carried over from Ultima Online.  Towns are surrounded by player housing - but it has been better managed by putting much of it in separate player housing instances on the main map.   Much like Ultima Online, all the player housing plots seem to be full already.  Apparently, plots have been given out to the bigger funders of the game.CraftingThis is only partially implemented.  Ultima Online players will recognise some of the crafting materials.CostThe game is not cheap given its state.   In addition, from what I can see there are periodic character wipes so you might want to wait a bit before investing time in a character.  Given the one size fits all approach to leveling and stats, its not like you can level up a different type of character next time, or, given the lack of quests and locations, start in a new area   and experience new things.Can I trust the Steam reviews of this game?As you can see from this link, the developers have been encouraging existing players/early funders of the game to ensure Steam reviews are positive.~Darkstarrhttps://www.shroudoftheavatar.com/forum/index.php?threads/steam-review-request.21397/If you visit the link you will see that this has divided the SotA community and that this tactic has some pretty determined supporters and detractors.  My take is that this explains the fact that the positive reviews have all been bumped up the list with plenty of likes - while anything negative (balanced or not) is buried with dislikes.I can only say, take these reviews with a grain of salt.  It's an early access game with all that usually entails and, the fact that you liked Ultima Online is really no indication that you will like this game.Save your cash for the time being."
76561198113928184,Recommended,326160,26124053,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Thee Dr Price,"Ok let me start off by saying the GAME IS NOT FINISHED!!! If your enjoyed Vanguard online, Ultima Online, or good old Everquest, or even Dark Age of Camelot I am all most certain you will enjoy this MMO RPG. I was reading the reviews about this game for over 3 months an watching the UTube videos and people was trashing the game befor it was even finshed. SotA is my fix for the MMO RPG atm. The game has virtually no lag if you have a computer at 3 years old. The game is Old School it does not hold your hand with yellow waypoints to show you the way or have a map to tell you where towns are NPC are located. Crafting could not be more rewarding for crafted items are best in game. Auction house to sell your wears none. You have to set them on a vendor and hope someone finds it to sell your items thur out the world in played owned towns or towns in game that player built homes in. The finnal wipe has allready happened so you will not lose what you have learned atm, so getting in now is a good time. As a player you have to make your own gear and home , and food to make it in the game. You are not Born a Hero you are born with nothing and need to make your self into something. If you like a good crafting , and harvesting game I think you will enjoy this game. BTW it is not a Pay to Play game buy once and done. Good luck to you hope to see you in game. HAUS"
76561198040298117,Not Recommended,326160,17337801,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,doshha,"Early Access 8/1/15:---Non-open world  with no color- everything is brown and grey.---Day/night cycles,  but the day time seems like night,   -and the night time is too dark to play.---No kind of map that your used to using.---Starting area is too difficult to even learn the turtorial---Gathering nodes for crafting are tiny,  hard to see,   and few. Making gathering not a fun part of game play.---Questing  is set up strangely, with no clear direction, making it frustrating rather then fun. (i hate puzzle/maze games)________________________________________________________________________________"
76561198115174302,Not Recommended,326160,14293520,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,jbennett,"For most, an enjoyable combat system is of primary importance when choosing an mmo to call home.  In its current stage of alpha development and even with its staggering alpha purchase price, SotA fails to deliver.Before buying, take a look at a few videos from GW2, Tera or upcoming Everquest Next to see how modern interfaces should feel.  Then take a vid look at combat in SotA -- what a huge let down.SotA offers three combat UI's.  First, you will find a rather novel but likely never to be copied random card based system.  While in combat, cards of different types (e.g., thrust, bash, etc.) randomly slide into key slot positions within your deck hand.  Once in slot, these random cards can be activated in a traditional way via selection (keyboard) or clicking (mouse).  If left too long without selection, the cards slide off the screen awaiting random card repopulation of that empty slot.  In other words, imagine any other mmo's UI's (user interfaces) wherein combat functions (or cards) are placed in fixed positions.  Then, randomly shuffle everything in a vegas pull the slots handle sort of way and you'll catch the drift.  This interfaces forces a player to look at a key to determine what will happen when the press a keyboard button to activate.Further forcing this eyes on the UI playstyle, cards of certain types can be combined by dragging and dropping of a particular card type onto another particular card type.  This requires not only eyes on, but dedicated user interface interaction to carry out.  It ends up being so engaging (and somewhat fun) that a player loses track of the gaming action going on.  If instead, you focus on the actual combat, no combining will be available and worse, a player will not know what will happen when pressing a ""1"" or other button will end up causing.  In pvp and other combat focus requiring situations, this can lead to just spam pressing a bunch of 1's, 2's, 3's, etc. in rapid sequence hoping to activate some card, any random card, that happens to slide in place.This random deck interface seems only viable to enhance otherwise very boring, non-moving combat such as is found here in SotA's solo pve grind.  If there is any combat movement or eyes on your opponent type interaction required, the random deck proves annoying at best.  To make sure this doesn't happen, SotA has designed normal pve mobs and associated AI to be as simplistic as possible and thus not requiring one's eyes to leave the random button bar mini-game.  Mobs approach and stand still like you will likely do and a slug fest will continue without your seeing it happen as you drag and drop cards atop each other and wait for needed card slide ins and outs so you can maximize your character's unseen performance.But such simplistic interaction is not available in pvp.  There, players expect to retreat, chase and circle their opponents, one trying to counter and overcome the other through position and movement.  Eyes on an opponent here is most often required.  Devs recognized that random deck functionality fails hard for such game play, so they also offer a fixed deck option.  Such option involves a long traditional approach of placing a combat function (card) into a slot and it stays there for you to activate without looking by pressing a number key.  Press a ""1"" and you ""slash"" for example.Over the decades, fixed decks have been the go to, eyes off user interfaces for mmo combat.  But they have evolved to offer many interesting features such as combo'g, procs, buff and debuff interactions, enhanced motion moves and so on.  SotA's is a throw back, and without any enhancements at all.  It looks merely like a quick afterthought to quell complaints regarding eyes-off random deck failures.  The third option offers a mix and match of the fixed deck and random deck, where some key slots are fixed and others random which adds little to the mix in terms of solving anything.Many players expect a new mmo to offer advanced mob AI (i.e., acts much like a pvp opponent), twitch play interactions, and motion integrated gameplay.  Most modern mmo's deliver this in spades.  Jump and double jump moves, charges, roots, breaks, fire trails, jump-landing explosions and knockdowns, blinks, dodge left-right-back, reactive moves (parrying, blocking and ripostes), quick withdraws, escapes, teleport backward or behind another player, etc., seem always part of now current UI combat kits.  And all of these features being carried out via fixed, eyes-off interfaces.  Don't expect any of this in SotA.To recap, for pve, here is what you'll get if you buy this game today.  Mobs run at you, stand there and periodically attack without moving an inch until falling over dead.  Likely you won't notice any of this though because you will be nearly fully engaged in a random deck mini-game without moving an inch till your target falls over dead, or you do because you couldn't even afford the time to check your health or you run out of energy (focus).  In dismay, you may then switch to an overly simplistic fixed deck (with absolutely zero bells or whistles) and watch the lacking mob AI and twitchless, motionless and stationary combat play out.  This fixed deck will also be your pvp go to, unfortunately.  You will still move here and there if you have any hope against a hopper, but your motion will be no more than what you might have found 20 years ago -- get in range, press a key or two, circle and so on all manually through normal mouse and direction key interactions.Beyond combat, the game seems to have a pretty solid infrastructure, but to gain access to much of developers product playgrounds you have to keep opening your wallet to pay more and more.  So don't be fooled.  You will soon realize that this is quite the expensive game to try at this point in development.  And you, like me, will likely get bored and move on wishing you had spent your moneys elsewhere.Even so, if you are seeking a way-laid back pve grinding play style where killing ordinary mobs normally always bores you, this may be your game.  If you also detest pvp and adrenaline pumped smart pve mob and boss encounters, this IS your game.Some may claim that the current UI and mob AI are just early placeholders or skeletons for something better to come.   They may be right, BUT this alpha is priced higher than nearly all released games.  Yikes!I also always thought that combat was one of the first things to get straight before fluffing out content.  Sadly, this leads me to believe that the current SotA combat UI offerings are here to stay."
76561197996635536,Not Recommended,326160,18093432,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,TheJollyJester,"Kind of Sound Ok when you first hear of it but I first tried this game just after it was released for early access and it's now nearly 12 months since then, the UI is still crap and hasn't changed, combat is still clunky and hasn't changed and I still have to start the game with a dam sword."
76561198088160244,Recommended,326160,25289954,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,benowen2012,"I bought this game many months ago and I intentionally waited to review the game until it went persistant.After finally playing the game solidly for a few days, I can honestly say this game is very good.Ok its still buggy and areas are still not finished....but its still early access and I am impressed with the almost daily patches that are full of bug fixes.This game wont be for everyone as it does shy away from the usual MMO model. Whereas its not going to hold your hand, but the true reward is working it out for yourself or joining a guild and working together."
76561198027381013,Not Recommended,326160,13824076,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Ravenshade32,"Meh bought the game today it seems ok at best. Went through the store page and I nearly fell off my chair!! $550 for a basic in game house with a few things thrown in??????? Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥!! I dont know what these devs are thinking but if anyone complains about high prices on other game stores after this abomination then you need your head read.Absolutely disgraceful to charge this amount, blatant money grab on the devs part."
76561198063067611,Recommended,326160,29634492,Posted: 1 February,all,Arty,"shroud of the avatar is a different game, i'd say its the first ""old style new age"" mmo. What i mean by that is , you gonna find all the core elements of old mmos, the hardcore pvp, very deep crafting system, exploration and more. Casual players won't enjoy this game, the game is based in the classics ultima, runescape and tibia system in which what you have to do isn't very clear. The lack of map and quest pointer is turn off for many but it's amazing for me. That's what a quest suppose to be, you need to explore the cities and talk to people (real talk, not only hi, quest, yes, bye) to gather clues to know where you suppose to go. When you finally understand the basics of crafting, skills, scenes you notice that this game, if polished and optimized, is the last mmo i will be playing for a very long time and probably the closest experience you can get of the old typing rpgs and table top rpg nowdays. My down points are little but there are some. Poor tutorial, confusing skill system, maybe, just maybe, too much needed recipes for one dishe and the travelling system. I can't express enough how much i hate this scene system, it just break all immersion the rest of the game provides. Should you buy this game ? well, if you like old mmos and a deep sandbox system, yes. If you only played wow or some other park mmos and you are expecting something like that , than no."
,Recommended,326160,33980155,Posted: 2 August,all,Nokuteshimo,"I have played a bunch of MMO RPG's and this one is the best one so far. I like the way the game is progressing, becuase we the player gets a say on how the game turnes out. Just last night i got to jam out with another player, and i think we might start a band! There is stuff for every kind of player."
76561198029585458,Recommended,326160,23901985,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Eagelke,THIS IS A VERY NICE GAMEI LOVE THE EXPLORING THE TRILL OF THE ENDLES DUNGEONTHE DEEP INTRIGING AND EXATING SKILL TREEOO THE CRAFTING MAN MAN I LOVE THE CRAFTING SIMPLY THE BESTTHERE IS ALSO A LOT OF ROLL PLAYING NOT MY THING BUD FOR PPL THAT LOVE RP THEE WIL NEVER STOP PLAYINGPVP IS SUPER THE LUXE MOST HATERS DONT LIKE IT BECORCE THEE DONT UNDERSTAND THE MECANNIKS OF ITJESUS SO MANY THINGS TO DO IM NEVER BOREDI CAN GO ON AND ON BUD MY ENGLIS S_CKSGREETS
,Not Recommended,326160,15492366,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,ag0nizing,"Pre Alpha, Kickstarter game. The current route it is on is horrid and the fanatic ultima fanbase from 1980 refuses to listen. It's a cash grab and kickstarter failure at this point. Avoid."
76561198116873338,Recommended,326160,28521679,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,wintergate,The game has a ton of content and is fun to play. Get lost for hours
76561198069559360,Recommended,326160,28454007,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Windsake,"a pretty good game, and its still in pre alpha.Ofc there are some problems with it, but at this completation level, its not that bad."
,Recommended,326160,27941276,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Aozaki Aoko,"The first few hours playing this I thought 'This is kinda neat, I like most of the things in this but dear god the combat is garbage!' but after experiencing the _ACTUAL_ combat I'm just loving it.As someone who missed out on Ultima/Ultima Online I can't really say if this is a game for the lovers for those series(Although I've heard it's more akin to Ultima rather than UO.)But the no hand holding is very refreshing in today's world of MMO's.Buy at your own risk. Can't wait for the commercial release."
76561198038252940,Not Recommended,326160,14375988,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,conan_surfer,I loved the frist UO online.After almost what 20 years this what you come up with.Its feels nothing like the old UO at all.What the hell 2 top name guys Starr Long and Ritchard cant get a better graphics engine and game build than this.
,Not Recommended,326160,14380380,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,NDNme,"Alpha or not this game is pay to win ... to get a cape or cosmetic item is not the issue, the issue is to get land, a house, deed, etc. or anything that will give you substance in this game is pledged for and requires real money to get.  Further already a lot of the places are taken.  I can not see paying 2K real dollars for a friggen castle lot and castle, oh and if you want a dungeon/basement for it ... yeah another wad of cash.The overland map travel is simply walking your avatar/toon across a large map and then getting attacked at some point.  I dont know if there are plans to change that but its not a lot of fun to me ... I guess I am in the minority though.  If I could get a refund I would like to get it, but I am sure it wont be offered.  Simply put, be ready to pay/pledge a ton of cash to have anything in this game and even if they go to a gold system later, most if not all the lots will be filled quick I am sure.  I do not recommend this game, and not related to the alpha stage at all.due to the inability to make a reply longer than 1000 characters to the dev post I am editing this review so you can see the reply ... above is the original post regarding pay2win and why I feel you should not purchase this game, or better yet why I am disapointed in my purchase of the game:Dear Dev, you are correct sir I misspoke its NOT required ... for the casual, everyday player, student, and fixed income player, good luck grinding for it, to buy items/lots etc.  I am sure that will happen well before everyone else CAN purchase the land deeds and take all the lots - etc. (I just did the emphasis cause you did and I wanted to be cool it really doesn't enhance anything I am saying) Regardless of having to or not, its pay2win just wrapped in another package. By launch anyone who ""pledged"" (pledge = pay large amounts of money, marks, euros, dinars, etc.) for deeds will have used up the lots, and again it will be the same thing as the original UO no room, but I digress as I often do and back to the pay2win thing ... So I looked online and just took the first random found definition I could find, (well to be honest this fits my opinion - no not really, well yes its true.), this one comes from urbandictionary.comwith 244 likes, which totally substantiates everything I am saying of course (thats sarcasim again so I dont offend the fourm powers), and I believe it is what most of the community considers pay2win regardless of what other definitions are out there.Top Definition""pay-to-winGames that let you buy better gear or allow you to make better items then everyone else at a faster rate and then makes the game largely unbalanced even for people who have skill in the game without paying.Dude, you've spent like 400 bucks on this game so you can beat everyone who hasn't spent any money. Pay-to-win noob!""Additionally, This is fromUOForums.com""Portalarium have introduced a number of new things this week ... New Pledge levels: 2 new pledge levels have been introduced to help bridge some of the gaps between knight, lord and baron: knight marshall and lord marshall ... New housing lots: To accommodate for more players in the towns, there are now row lots. Smaller than village lots, and the special row houses fit exactly on them ... Stretch goal store: Instead of separate stretch goals, we'll now have a store where one can 'vote' for stretch goals by funding them. And when you do, you'll get an item immediately, which, if the stretch goal is achieved, will get extra functionality. For example, at this time the only goal listed yet is the rideable mounts. If you buy a foal now, you'll have a foal pet. When the stretch goal is reached, that foal will grow in to a rideable horse..."" So based off of the above, I am almost certain this is a pay2win model.yeah I am sorry this isnt pay2win at all, this is deffinately breaking new ground in a game (sarcasm intended), and has nothing to do with lining pockets. I am sure I am wrong about the whole ""we are a small development team just trying to put out a good product"", okay not a true quote but if the shoe fits ... Please if I am wrong I apologize but at prima facie I think its fair to say its pay2win. (I used those words to prove 1 - I am of avg. intelligence and 2 - I cna spell if I choose to for the other half of the forum powers). So about the whole making money thing, I get it. I get you have to pay to make the game work and keep it running (remember I proved I am of avg. intelligence). However, I am also country, but I am not that simple and can see pay2win all over this.AS I STATED (This time emphasis is intended) I guess I am in the minority on this - maybe its because I just didnt give you all/ the game enough of a chance for me to be objecive. I will accept that, but in the end I feel (I learned I should use ""I feel"" statements in anger mgt. classes) cause again I am country, but its all the same to me. Pay money, be boss, get stuff no one else can (and I mean more than just cosmetic) is pay2win in my book. Now about that refund ... thanks for the offer and assitance on that.(To those who are English majors and have a need to correct my spelling and grammar, screw that I am neither english nor have a need to be that specific in my life. I also want to apologize in advance for the length of this post, for those whose lives I have wasted, but thanks for reading down this far anyways)"
76561198077865973,Recommended,326160,24414348,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Cooper Claus,"2300hrs in game, and its still in pre-alpha. I like it. Its a work in progress, but a lovely game and community."
76561198049532453,Not Recommended,326160,14475940,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,imtimadator,derivative grabage build on nostagia bait riddled with microtransactions with almost no pvp. give it a miss and just buy eso or oblivion or wow or any of the dozens of other rpgs this game apes.
,Not Recommended,326160,14074139,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,ttttttttttttttt,"charging wayyy too much for a broken early access game. they get 6 million dollars in pledges and can't seem to get anything right with balancing. i'm sure they're doing a great job in updating monthly, but it's uot of hand. wait til later this year."
,Not Recommended,326160,15304669,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Ranchani,"Still better game than destiny.... criticaly skinning rabbits and♥♥♥♥♥♥ Empty world and boring world map and shadows so dark that you can´t see anything. 10/10oh, and unity default assets! Oh how good! Amateur made game. 9/5World map where you can not find anything. it is empty and you move slow as #¤""%"". Oh and random encounters with wolves... and the wolves just stand there. 11/11It has all the♥♥♥♥♥♥from uo and not the good stuff. 12/12and absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing nothing to do in the game. Boring and plain. 10003 out of 903Almost like scam... nothing will ever come from this piece of crab unless they rewrite the whole damn thing."
76561198119199863,Not Recommended,326160,17320854,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Anarchy,Worst product that i've ever bought on steam! DON'T BUY IT! it's in pre-alpha by 2 years and nothing is really changed;it's unacceptable with all the money that they earned.WANT A REFUND!
,Recommended,326160,28538655,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,molly,"Not for everybody and far from finished, but it is one of the few MMOs available natively for Linux."
76561198066099542,Not Recommended,326160,15626971,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Zarf,"The game looks and plays like a bunch of guys got together and started screwing around with Unity. Then realized they had mansions to heat, so charged for it. Whatever they are trying to accomplish. they are a long way off and I would wait a few years to see if it actually pans out."
76561198034081615,Recommended,326160,34177818,Posted: 11 August,all,monkeysmack,"I really love the sandbox feel of the game. I'm not forced to play a specific way. I can do crafting, PvP, RP, or adventuring if I feel like it.  If I feel social and I can join a group and kill a boss.  If not, I can do my own thing.  Can't wait till they get navel battles into the game."
76561198011361397,Recommended,326160,33984257,Posted: 2 August,all,TankerGS,"Exellent game, still in early states of development.  Lots of potentional for the most epic MMORPG game ever.  Give it a try!"
76561197993025844,Not Recommended,326160,18748399,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,walker_steve,compat system sucks
76561197993267146,Not Recommended,326160,18800681,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,BeX,"Yes it is a early access. However I don't see any concievable path other than tearing the whole thing down and starting over. The game is pure crap, the graphics are dated, the mechanics are cumbersome. There is absolutely nothing compelling here. Makes me so very sad. I loved the Ultima Franchise. Wish they would take some notes from the folks that brought Fallout to the modern gaming era. Can I somehow erase this off my steam list so I don't have to be reminded this title even exists?"
76561198027901460,Not Recommended,326160,14167241,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Deathspell,"If you're a huge fan of UO, than maybe this game is for you. But currently at $50.00CDN this game is terrible for that money.At $5.00CDN it might be worth it for a fun evening.This game needs a year plus to be worth anywhere near $49.99CDN."
76561198115615817,Recommended,326160,25694888,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Kontio-,"A great MMO, but not for everyone. Things are difficult and they take time. And the game is far from finished.That being said, the feeling of actually caring about the development of my character and the freedom of doing what ever you want, is something I have not felt in any other modern MMO. Things take time and there is no instant reward for everything but if you want to experience the best community any MMO has ever had and a true MMO world, with the true feel of the old classics, step in."
,Recommended,326160,25006866,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,ChaseECarpenter,... I think a lot of steam users dont understand the concept of early access/pre release. People started rating this game negatively WAAY too early in its development. Its a shame because this game rocks!
76561198114743786,Not Recommended,326160,15019618,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,!☢! click73s,i understand it take money to make a game so do a kickstarted if you need moneyoh wait you did kickstarter asking 1m got 1.9m over funded 900kok you need more money to make the game sell founder packs at fair pricesoh wait you did that kind of founder packs $45 for a alphaok now let sell small city and town for real money from 750 to 5000ok are you seing my pointas gamer we pay the price and jumped in with faith why cuz we trust the names behind the game to treat us good for are faith in youfeel like the dev's are having a going out of business sale they are selling every thing you can think of in this game
76561198071101171,Recommended,326160,35477378,Posted: 4 October,all,Chuck5086,"THIS GAME IS NOT AN ULTIMA REMAKE!As long as you're clear headed enough to realize that, you'll realize this is a fine game.If you were hoping for a UO type game, this may not be it. However, if you appreciate R.G. games for the things likenot being able to run through people, day/night/weather cycles, having to talk to NPCs to learn their names, etc. Then you will appreciate this game for what it is.I have been playing since Feb 2017 And noticed right away that even though players are able to pay their way to the top with real money, its just as easy to work your way there. The economy can be a bit hard to follow at first, but it gets quite simple if you just try to stay up to date on things, and kind of keep an ear in the community.Speaking of community, there are lots of great players and groups on here waiting to help new people make a start. I have met many wonderful people on the game. all very well mannered folk. (I find it easily has a similuar social style to UO, which is really all the mattered to me). That being said, Its important to understand that lots of those great towns your running through, some of the books youre reading, and even some of the songs you hear on avatars radio, are all from the community. Which really shows how lots of people are building this community better, and better.I recommend this game to people looking for an Ultima Online style game, that can keep an open mind."
,Not Recommended,326160,14639447,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,newname,"I was a huge UO fan back in the day. Up until the time of them adding the felucia / delucia crap with a safe world and an unsafe world… Ultima Online was great because it offered true freedom and risk. You could take everything from a person you just murdered. The world was massive and the community was great. Shroud of the avatar is some kind of weak abomination of UO. I could deal with the graphics and loading screens but I don’t understand the game. It’s loading screen after loading screen. The towns are boring, pvp is all but non-existent. I feel like this game is nothing more than a cash grab for the developers. Who wants to buy a house for hundreds of dollars in a world where there’s nothing to do and no risk… you cannot even play as a thief… Unless you’re a fan of redundant RP with boring people who enjoy wiping each other’s arses day in and day out, this game is not for you. Risk was the aspect that made UO an amazing game. Shroud of the avatar lacks excitement and risk. They would have been better off to revamp the original UO rather than create this embarrassment of an MMO. I guess I will have wait for some other visionary to create a real MMORPG with RISK! Shroud of the avatar, BAH! Shroud of disappointment is more like it."
76561197985627039,Recommended,326160,25613397,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,HeftyJeff,"This game is of Lord British's creation.It is pre-alpha as i write this, and its already fun to play with my brother and friends.This is definitely a Lord British Ultimate MMORPG.if you liked any of his games, you'll surely enjoy this.If you have your doubts, wait till it's in beta or finished before you buy.Richard Garriott has a continuously excellent RPG reputation, and if you decide to go with an early access purchase you do not have to worry about wasting your money on ""just another early access money scam""."
76561198301068316,Recommended,326160,28544353,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,emmyrubug,"Have been playing with friends and so far really enjoying it. I made a archer/tammer and have a bear for a pet. Not sure why everyone hates the game, haven't had to pay more than $20 on it to have fun..to each their own I suppose."
76561197987086529,Not Recommended,326160,13290364,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,quode2000,"It just looks to dated, yes it sounds good on paper but the game itself is just bad. The problem is that this type of game is common so there to busy to try and make the game look and feel different but be the same as others as well. The first dungeon i had gone in was crap, the player bought homes were a mess of crap, the palet muddy and both the look and game play dated. This is not a modern game with modern ideas, this is past stuff from long lost early successes."
76561198040335865,Not Recommended,326160,17039568,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Ezion,15 years ago would have been sweet.
,Not Recommended,326160,14327156,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Whymanen,"At its current state i could not reccomend this game to anyone. The lack of any voice dialog in 2015 is just stupid. The game has a terrible interface and just irretating textbox tool tips like it was the 90´s. I regret buying this based on review, I really dont know what game they are playing. Animations are also some of the worst i have ever seen."
,Not Recommended,326160,13072032,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Hastur,It's far too early into the development of the game to have been released even as it's called 'pre-alpha'. If you want to see what a game looks like in the earlier stages of development it's worth checking out. Paying nearly $40 for a version a game that's barebones is a little steep however. I would wait until future patches and fixes before buying this game.
76561198343524562,Recommended,326160,28025005,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,maria,"Wow, this game is great. I only just start but i love it already. The community is very friendly and so are the devs."
76561198003896408,Recommended,326160,34051737,Posted: 5 August,all,headblade,Very FUn Game.
,Recommended,326160,25302307,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,jasper,"I'm not going to say it's the best game I've ever played. I've also played Eve Online and WoW. I will say, however, that I'm enjoying it, and feel like I've gotten my money's worth so far. My player experience is buying the standard $45 package, and working in-game to get a deed/house. I don't feel like my player experience is diminished by those who sunk a lot of real world money into it.Then again, I didn't go into this with a lot of hype, so I didn't have wild expectations."
,Recommended,326160,26603585,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,J4CKI3B0Y,"Amazing game. Devs are releasing major updates once a month ,everything look on track. Game is very playable and i have about 90 hours in the game in the past 2 weeks.  If you like feeling connected to you character this game is deff for you. I love leveling my character and trying to make my character better each day.Great GameVery high recomendation"
76561198087568489,Recommended,326160,25689569,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,VAZGHOUL,NICE GAME.. i enjoyed it every minutes of it.  highly recommened for MMO lovers.
76561197961684357,Recommended,326160,29675912,Posted: 3 February,all,ufozeth,"We'll start with a song..:First I was afraid I was petrifiedDidn't even play through the ""tutor-ial""But I came back and updates had been madeAnd I was back!I found some friendsSo now I'm back!All dem choices of what skill to improve makes me crazy, and I like it. If I want to be a platewearing wandwielding animaltamer I can be that. It will take time to be good at it but I will get there. To get anything in this game you have to invest time. There's alot of things you can buy with real cash but that will make you miss out on the experience of improving thru hard work.Each session of playing this game has atleast one moment that brings me back to a memory of Sosaria.Be it from a freeshard or the originals.. Most of them from the german hardcore rp shard shattenwelt.If you are an UO player I recommend giving this game a try. It's not UO, but it reminds me of it and that's enough."
76561198142216577,Recommended,326160,30626439,Posted: 19 March,all,Ozgamer,"i've read alot of negative and positive reviews, comments and so on and so forth, i've had around 40 mins or so in game, and this is all new to me, i've never played a game like this before, so i'm sure i have alot to learn and discover, but as of right now, i'm giving this a thumbsup, only because i'm still at the very start of it really, feel free to tell me how bad it is, and how much you hate it,"
76561198052263591,Recommended,326160,28884172,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,nefftimmy1,Im gonna say straight up... Ultima Online fans will LOVEEEE this game.. The negative reviews are ridiculous.. This game is one of a kind.. There isnt another game like it other than Ultima Online.. Which imo is BETTER! Which is alot coming from me.. Since iv been a die hard UO fan since day 1. Dont let the negative reviews sway your decision to buy... Support the devs and play this game that will (Ruin your life) in a good way. :)Props to devs for making the game of my dreams.. Thank you so much !
76561198054846754,Not Recommended,326160,14155370,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,falcata,I want to recommend this however it does not work well (yet)  and I'm guessing it is due to conflicts with the steam platform.  If it worked without crashing every 3.5 minutes It would be well worth the investment.  Better than Rust.  Looks to be better than ESO (soon).
,Not Recommended,326160,13451712,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Spongie,"Yet another WoW. Although this isn't pay to play (yet) it offers the same values: no way to host or mod your own world. Get with the ""community"" or get the ♥♥♥♥ out. If you don't like what they're doing, tough luck. The stuff you can buy does not change your gameplay, just pimping, but still feels... wrong. It's still ""prealpha"" and it already has ok stability on linux, minus a few graphical glitches. If you're into socializing online a la facebook, get this game, but probably wait for the stable release if you want to play a proper finished game.Bioware, please GPL NWN1 (with different ruleset) or make NWN3 the way NWN2 should've been made. Ten years later and NOTHING is coming even close to the experience Bioware offered with it's Aurora engine and toolkit."
76561197962313336,Not Recommended,326160,17552532,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Instill,"From what i saw, this game is only a gimmick to grab your money using nostalgia of good old day on UO and by using know name like ""Lord british"" to make you believe of a great product.This is a good example of why early access is bad (sometime), because even is the final product is♥♥♥♥♥♥they already milked what they could anyway."
,Recommended,326160,24623829,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Dedepiktas,"Right so played this game for a bit and can tell few things atm. I like it  Why ? Well here are few things :It is a sandbox , a true sandbox not half sandbox half themepark, players own towns , economy, crafting is actualy needed. So we got ppl who gather ppl who craft ppl who slain for fun ppl who sit in tavern play pirates of caribean theme with piano :) and so on.No class forced  want to be a healer-archer-mage whatever? Go ahead, use skills lvl them by using them .Be more powerfull in your own playstyleGraphics are not amazing but they are decent towns looks nice, weapons realistic mobs a bit glitchy but thats expected. Don't expect Blackdesert graphics, I would say its similar to LOTRO graphics.One thing you will need to adjust is to questingand talking to npc. It is strange at start but easy to grasp , and yes its a lot of text walls.I haven't tryed a lot of game only 8h at this point of review , but i recommend for ppl who tyred of usless copy cat games with 1-2 difference each. It is still alpha most of game rough edges needs a good polish but they steadily fix them."
,Recommended,326160,33296973,Posted: 5 July,all,DM-Spirit,"I am a long time Ultima Fan.  I played and finished all of the Ultima games.  My favorite Ultima was Ultima 5, 6 and 8.  I played Ultima Online up until Richard and EA parted ways.  I have not had an MMO grab me like UO did.I was very excited to hear Richard Garriot was making a new Ultima type game.  This game has a lot of Ultima 9 characteristics.  It does feel like an Ultima. I am going to talk about the stuff I like about it first.#1 The setting is absolutely great. It feels like an ultima game.#2 The music reminds me a lot of Ultima 7.#3 I love the classless system.Here are the things I do not like.#1 The combat system is beyond dull in my opinion.  I do not like the deck system.  I am told you can go without it.  I haven't tried doing that#2 The graphic fidelity doesn't match AAA studios, but it doesn't have an AAA budget.#3 The game is prerelease.  There are a lot of bugs and such. I am writing this only because I am very excited to play the final build.You might be asking why I posted a recommend.  I did because the game is in great condition for being pre release.  There is a lot of content.  I love how I can make the character I want.  If you are looking for a graphically rough RPG you can play online with your friends, give this game a shot."
76561198182314682,Recommended,326160,30358403,Posted: 6 March,all,courvilleanthony,So far it's right on track.. It has a lot of the stuff I like.. I don't  like all the loading screens or the mini map travel.. I wish it was a true open sand box... And I wish you could mine where ever you want instead of the limited areas also same with chopping  down trees.. See a tree kill a tree. Based on skill that is. But this is all very new and is not finished I know that they will have more mining areas and lumber areas along with open farming.. So I am pleased that it resembles the old UP in a lot of ways.
76561198003332441,Not Recommended,326160,14606280,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,PMB - Bikini,"The perfect gimmick.Crowd funded so there is no accountabilty.""Pre Alpha, Alpha, Beta"" word play so the game is always in a state of ""constant improvment"".Small worlds, 20 hours of content.You can burn through the whole ""70%"" done map in 10 hoursAwkward fighting. Small skill tree.Pointless PVPGrind FestInstanced and not very real.Small player base.Pay to play - where it is based more of a transaction of $ then gameplay.Not very convienced. No amount of polish can fix this game. You can buy a finished and developed game for 50$. Why pay for something that has no direction, no content, bad graphics and poor facilitation."
76561198067078658,Recommended,326160,33307519,Posted: 6 July,all,magician,"The opinion on this game is pretty polarized, i'm having fun and have already gotten my money's worth out of it.  The deck-combat is more fun than other RPG's that use this click-skill system, the crafting is pretty good, having player housing & run towns is neat.If they're doing a free trial give it a shot through their website and come up with your own opinion."
76561198030793900,Recommended,326160,32085173,Posted: 31 May,all,Mr.Black,"This game has a tremendous amount of potential. I understand that the developers are not doing things fast enough or the way some people want them to do them, but I think that is an unrealistic expectation at this stage. It is still in Alpha. It is still a construction site. It is however 100% playable , complex, exciting and really engrossing, even in its unpolished form. I would recommend this game if you are a mature intelligent player and not if you are looking for a ""give it all to ya for nothing , theme park type experience"".  Great community definitely helps. Try it out!"
76561198042945694,Recommended,326160,30345360,Posted: 5 March,all,archlord,"As a new player id say its coming along nicely if very slow give it a try with the free trial like i did,i actually liked it but thats just me sure there are bugs and incomplete things in the game but theyll get sorted out later this year i imagine,like i said i liked it it fits me try out the free trial and check it out yourself,just my 2 cents."
,Recommended,326160,33889616,Posted: 29 July,all,FREDDIE,"Ciao dev's, keep working hard, you have made such an amazing world and the peoples into are loving it!"
,Recommended,326160,32308968,Posted: 9 June,all,[EcG-S] Drake,"Good times to be had, especially if you bring your friends into the game with you.   Nice community very welcoming to new players.  Very RP friendly.  In my opinion its a nice spiritual successor to Ultima Online."
76561198006790276,Recommended,326160,30067090,Posted: 20 February,all,Excelon72,Has some significant flaws right now but it is early access and based on the quality of it game willing to still give it a thumbs up.
,Recommended,326160,31322833,Posted: 23 April,all,Wizard,"I have had this game for  a while now (but not an original backer). Have played it a little in R37 and R38 and now came back to it for R40, and can generally recommend the game if- you like games that are a little clunky (old school if you want to call it that).- enjoy exploring- do not need a story (as of yet?!)- can set yourself goalsPositivs+  I enjoy the conversation approach to receive and solve quests+ Skill / Battle system+ Co-op / Multiplayer+ Community of the game+atmosphere+ potentialCons- Clunky controls.- Still not optimized.- Quests not properly / to few integrated.- housing is expenisve ingame currency and real currency.- load times"
76561198228277032,Recommended,326160,26573416,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Ambush_TV,This games got my vote now because they are no longer deleting charectors or doing server whipes. Its fun. get it.
76561198093083429,Not Recommended,326160,13451501,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,john,"Don't try it on Ubuntu Linux yet:- menu select boxes keep autoclosing- game is far too dark, and no way of making it lighter- even on lowest quality setting, the frame rate is terrible"
76561198120691893,Not Recommended,326160,13399117,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,dong_dh,"This is actually my first review on Steam, and I have to say Shroud of the avatar is a dissapointment.It is indeed an UNFINISHED PRODUCT, and u will enter game on your OWN RISK!!!!And I guess they also forgot to mention for every release of a new ALPHA, all your progress will be wiped, cleaned, all u time and money spend on the game gone. exp, gold, items collected etc. And the devs didnt even make an effort to keep the old datas, because I guess they said its a complexity, but I am a programmer myself and I know how easy it is just to keep two fields of data.And it is unfinished, combat very unbalanced so everyone ends up with th exact same gear, skill and way of fighting.As for adventure, there are none, just some very similar monsters and levels, actually all monsters are more of less the same they goes by the name such as wolf, large wolf, etc.. elder wolf obsidian wolf etc... all the different races of monsters, else, skeleton, kobolt, well, they just have different looks.Magic is in no way complete, impossible to play.So in one word, it is an UNFINISHED PRODUCT, and ALL YOUR TIME spend on the game will be lost for every release of a new alpha, so NOT RECOMMENDED TO BUY IT NOW.Maybe wait a few years or so if the GAME ever gets finished. And the way the dev team treats fans does not help things, they can at least make some effort to keep your data so u dont lose everything periodically, I honestly think this is just there way to prolong the playing time by not adding more content, because u have to start fresh every release."
76561197964800987,Recommended,326160,29762509,Posted: 7 February,all,-=[DARK]=-Lt.Patx,"The Developer is constantly working / delivering patches. So it´s shaping up nicely =) World / Setting / Quests Portalarium is working on all fronts but many people aren´t aware what ""Early Access"" means...It´s certainly rough around the edges but coming along just fine. If you are on the fence of buying best bet is to visit the official Forums (not the Steam one)"
76561198000706677,Recommended,326160,27135251,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fuck The System,we need ultima online renessance stuff ins side :))
76561198337293490,Recommended,326160,33909654,Posted: 30 July,all,Jayartee,"This product should be released soon. I tend to agree with most of the negative reviewer's points. Only having $40 worth of expectations, I am enjoying my time here. The heavy instancing and load times are a barrier to immersion. The reliance on Pay to Win, both as a player strategy and as a business model, does not appeal to my idea of what a game is.Today, this product is a multiplayer online role play. It has well fleshed out features to support players making music, dancing, and playing dress up. The crafting is over complex and limited. The game features a new and interesting approach to a classless skill system that I really enjoy. The optional PVP and heavy instancing of town scenes lend to the game feeling empty. The PVE is strangely relaxing. The combat mechanics are clunky. The graphics are fine. The music is excellent. At this point I have not explored the quest lines as the development is nearing completion.The community is friendly and helpful and generous. They high amount of donations, or investments, into this project can only produce a high level of expectation and stress on the player base. Quite frankly, if the community donated me $11milion we would have a much better game. Like every one of RG's games, it is flawed genius. 9 times out of 10 the genius outweighs the flaws. RNG IRLI fully recommend joining this game."
,Not Recommended,326160,13112637,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Pesky BroadBandit,"Windows 8.1. Cannot hold a connection to the server for more than 2 minutes, have contacted support to ask for a full refund. From what I played of this game, there is no map and it is impossible to navigate with a compass. There is no readable signs or anything intuative, it is not hard; you just have to guess where you are going. Probably about a 6/10 for an alpha, 0/10 currently as it is not playable because of constant disconnects. It isn't just me who has experienced it, something to do with Unity but there is no fix... BEWARE"
,Recommended,326160,26667253,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,[ANC] Bones,"- Monthly updates schedule- Definitely playable and enjoyable in it's current state- It isn't Ultima Online but it does have elements of Ultima Online brought into a 3d world which is awesome and I can see more of this coming into the game in the future!- I really like the vibe of the story and the graphics/art work/ambience- Crafting is enjoyable and I don't usually like crafting- The PVM experience does feel like it still needs a bit of work (and it is being worked on), but I still find it fun and challenging- Coming up to 30 hours on record and so far I'm loving it, probably the most playable early access game I've ever played."
76561198035815107,Recommended,326160,34648592,Posted: 31 August,all,bparry,Awesome game all round. Better every patch
76561198088677724,Recommended,326160,34403832,Posted: 21 August,all,Mitchell of Oxford,"I focus mainly on roleplaying in MMORPGS, I love to get lost and explore a new world.So, I played alot of Mount and Blade, and figured I could get used to the world map style, its berable but you know i would of preffered Open World, even at the cost of graphics.Ok, so they sold titles you know? I'm talking all the nobility titles you would use for roleplay, knight for example which gives the prefix Sir, was like $500 + that is rather bad of them, although Lord British did respond to my appeal on his reddit IAMA about possibly doing something about this.I don't hate this game because I've not had the chance to play it on a good PC, I do not mind it really it's got a lovely charm, but the money some have poured in I can see why there angry.My personal choice is I will wait and watch for now, and hopefully this can change for the better, the new updates added do seem promising.Also the loading music when you boot up the game is amazing."
76561198065376773,Recommended,326160,29877481,Posted: 12 February,all,gaweldon,"Is ""Shroud of the Avatar"" an adventure game with a very large social component, or is it a social interaction game with a very large adventuring component?  I think its both.  This is an early access game, created by some experienced, dedicated MMO developers, who keep us ""early backers"" of the game fully informed as to what's going on, development-wise, on an almost daily basis.  The game is being developed with constant player feedback, for better or worse.The game harkens back to ""classic"" RPG type play, so the term ""old school"" could certainly be applied to it.  However, there's such a level of detail, and such a sense of time and place within the game, that it's easy to get fully enveloped by the atmosphere and the story that happening around your character, or Avatar.  This is a game where simply ""wandering around"" is a viable alternative to constant combat; where crafting is encouraged (and actually fun!); where logging in to the game is merely Step 1 -- then YOU get to decide what you'd like to do within the Shroud world today.As a general rule, I don't like fantasy games.  However, Shroud has completely charmed me over the past 16 months that I've played.  I've gotten to meet many of the developers of the game in person (!) and been amazed by how forthcoming and enthusiastic they are with where they're going and how we're all (players included) going to progress the game forward.One thing to note: There's a steep learning curve the first few hours you play (the Tutorial needs a LOT of work), so be prepared to have a lot of information thrown at you at once.  Don't worry about it; don't let it get you frustrated; it'll all become clear with a little time and effort.  Once you get acclimated to the game, all the fiddly parts of it will start to make more sense."
76561198045048444,Recommended,326160,29927311,Posted: 14 February,all,oddyseus84,"This MMO is awesome and will be even more when it reaches it's final state I think, yet is it still in pre-release state the game is improving a lot in each patch release,"
76561198339634232,Recommended,326160,26446391,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,edward,SOTA. Played it. Lots. And I love it. The best MMO/Sandbox game of my life. Old school meets modern game making. I just love it!
76561198025035630,Recommended,326160,29134250,Posted: 8 January,all,rorrantia,"Great old school type MMORPG, sure there are some bugs, but its just so much fun since you make it what you want... If you liked UO and EQ1 before all the nonesense, then this is for you."
76561198076446647,Recommended,326160,25456413,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,sallamandr,Dear creators Ultima please add the Ruski suptiry
76561198082015879,Not Recommended,326160,13927098,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Arcane Impulse,"The obsessive design of this game results in tedious game play.Run, run run, past the PC dormsRun, run run, past the crafting tablesRun, run run, talk to everyoneRun, run run, good luck findingInterrogate all the NPCs thoroughly, make sure you don't miss a clue.Equipment takes damage and needs to be repaired *sigh*Then you need to craft.  Playing this game is self-punishment."
,Recommended,326160,30307934,Posted: 3 March,all,InfamousMattman,"I could not recommend this game more. If you are a fan of RPG's that aren't the cookie cutter copy of the next. The number one thing that stands out is the conversations that you have in game. You will not find a magical glowing question mark for your quest. if you want a quest you go up to someone and ask ""how can i help""!! The combat system is the other best part about the game if you want to have a high level spell or attack guess what boo boo..... you gotta use it. Since i have been playing the world has been beautiful. the one way I can sum up this game is original and top notch. 10 out of 10made this video 2 years ago and it is totally different now so much better looking now lol.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1GNox9p8qmc"
76561197996141421,Recommended,326160,31579338,Posted: 6 May,all,maconis261,"Loving it ,it has obvious pre-alpha issues ,but thats pre-alpha normal ,I can't expect a pre-alha game to be beta or alpha . so far I am putting alot of time in when I thought I would give up , it makes me work and I am enjoying it ,I love the whole system .UPDATE : I have since recieved some information from others that it isn't in Pre alpha or alpha or beta but in it's permanant state ,I do not know if this is true  ,I have been accused of lying and decieving and other things for posting what I thought was true due to it being posted on the store site ,so watch out ,if you post what a site says and others don't like it,but truthfully I still like the game better than the comments I received for what I posted"
76561197983325138,Not Recommended,326160,13533144,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Превозмогаю,"I have played a lot of mmo games, including ultima online. I think UO was the best game ever for me. I purchase this game immediately when i knew that this game was created by uo creators. Very disappointed. Game is trash, i never see such a bad game ever!! Don't buy it! Don't loose your money! Good luck!"
