user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,326190,16903136,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Ashes,"I finally managed to complete this game, each time I was so bored I fell asleep. Not because the game was terrible, but because they designed it in such a way that there's no way you would be able to complete it without consulting some form of guide, map or hint system.LikedMusicWhile not very rememberable, it suits the scenes for which they play.StoryIt was the main reason I wanted to complete the game despite not liking the gameplay. It's a very short story, but I liked the way they unfolded.Puzzles you can skipWithout it, I wouldn't have been able to complete the game. And sometimes I am just lazy, which leads me to...Map with teleportationThe convinience of laziness. This is a very helpful feature as you'll be wandering around a lot in the game and it would be extrmely tedious to backtrack all the way. The map also helps display which areas are yet to be discovered or where you need to complete an objective.DislikedGrainy, low quality Hidden Object scenesThe eyestrain is real on these. I swear the quality is worse than the pictures I used to save on 1mb floppy disks. The objects in the scene lacks depth and definition, making it very difficult to tell that they are there at all. A lot of objects are partially hidden behind others, which makes it even more tedious to find them.An annoying (yet interesting) feature makes it so you have to use some of your inventory items to compete certains items on the screen. However, there's no indication of when you are supposed to use them. Sometimes the items are greyed out and you need to go to a completely different scene, then return with a different item. Now try to pair up low quality inventory items with equally low quality items on the screen. An example of how terrible this system can be:You find a room with a skeleton in a corner. When you find most items, you have to leave the corpse, find a ring somewhere else, come back and put it back on his hands to complete ""Dead mans secret"". How are you supposed to figure that out? I barely even saw the hand in the first place due to the bad graphics.An ending so cheesy it's insultingSo you have a pretty good story going and how do you end it? Just toss in a character you exchanged a couple of words with and call it a day. It just... made me so dissapointed I wasn't sure if I was laughing or getting mad because I just couldn't believe how thrown away all your efforts felt.The puzzlesMajority of puzzles relies on you remembering things, which is something that is difficult for me, so I just couldn't enjoy them. Even the logical puzzle requires you memorizing the patterns. The only puzzle I remember liking was linking the same pictures to one another, because at least then I didn't have to remember where the patterns were as they were always in the same place.Backtracking and illogical problem solvingThis is without a doubt the worst part of this game. Usually these kinds of games will confine you to a certain area, so that it's easy to keep track of where you can go and what you are supposed to do. But this game feels like the whole world is open and there's no logic what-so-ever as to why you have to go places. Making up my own example, imagine solving a problem in the kitchen, then to complete the task, you have to go to the supermarket and pick up a fork, then go all the way back to the kitchen and place the fork on a table. But to get to the supermarket, you need fuel for the car. So you have to go into the woods and find a key. But to find a key, you need to go to the church and talk to a priest, who gives it to you, then you can solve all your problems and get the fork. There's no logic to having to go through all of that trouble for one item, unless you are deliberately trying to drag out a story which is very short. Which is quite obvious, because all of this sidetracking usually have nothing at all to do with the actual plot. The fact that you have to travel so far between each location for a simple item adds to the overall confusion as to what you are supposed to do next.Sometimes you can't pick up an item until you have done seven other tasks, which makes it seem the item isn't for use at all. This is another very illogical thing and makes the game annoying. Imagine being in a very intense moment of the game, then you have to go back to the safe area just to pick up a button, so you can advance where your character is clearly unsafe."
,Recommended,326190,16697540,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Faudraline,"Okay, I have been playing Hidden Object Games for a long while now, but this one went and snatched a special place. I will be a bit biased about this game, considering the theme picked is one of my favorites - European Mysticism. I know it's nothing marvelous as a HOG butAlchemy Mysteries: Prague Legendsis a well-made little adventure as it lasts, with well arranged puzzles and a charming story. Some quick to grasp story related achievements are only the flavor.Our main character is Eva, a young orphan who has just came to Prague to discover about her long lost family. In Prague, the throne of European Mysticism, Eva is to find out about the trials of her heritage, learn long lost alchemical secrets and put a stop to the forces of evil. The story takes its basis from the world renowned alchemist duo: John Dee and Edward Kelley, and adds the fiction into mystical history successfully. The characters themselves sadly don't have much in-depth personality for us to witness, and voice acting isn't one of the best, but they are not as annoying as most that we come across within the genre. Aside from the dialogues and the ending being a bit forced and cheesy - okay, it was pure trash - I adored the setting altogether.The atmosphere of the game is a great success. The environment is old, dusty and mystical as Prague itself. Color choices, the art, the eerie background music and the whispering effects of the ghosts of Prague are all welcoming details. What has surprised me the most, is that the designers went into the full trouble of animating characters aside from cinematic cutscenes. Beautifully arranged in-game animations were a welcoming change in the HOG genre which we do not observe often if it's not Artifex Mundi.The gameplay was nicely balanced, between fairly challenging, inventory interactive HOG scenes, and some of the most elaborate puzzles that I've stumbled within the genre. It seems that puzzle setups do change in every playthrough, so it is meaningless to use a walkthrough for puzzles themselves. You really have to think for yourself. The game presents you a useful map to track your progress and gives you means of quick travel for adventure elements.If you like the HOG genre itself, this one is a must to experience. Don't rush it though, grab it in sale. The ending was hinting a sequel, so I will be optimistic about the story's continuation. There are tons of unexplained details, so there has to be a sequel... God, please there be a sequel, 'cause I refuse to endure that awfuly abrupt ending! Grab it and enjoy it!Please also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Not Recommended,326190,15131394,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Diddyyst,"I'm a massive fan of hidden object games, I think it's a genre that any age can play and the casual nature of them makes it easy to jump in and out of them or simply spend several hours numbing your brain.With that in mind, these are the pros and cons I've found in this game so far:ProsFrom what I've seen so far, the story line seems pretty easy to wrap your head around and kept me mildly interested during the time I played.Selecting the harder difficulty gives more items in the hidden object sequences, which I personally love as they're pretty much what I play these games for (more on thatlater...)The price tag means even if you find it doesn't tickle your fancy, you're not going to break the bank.ConsDespite enjoying the amount of objects to find in the hidden object parts, some of the items are hidden in a really slack, sloppy way, to the point you will sometimes spend upwards of 10-15 minutes scouring the entire screen for a teeny tiny item.Unlike in a lot of other HOGs (hidden object games), the UI, namely the buttons at the top of the screen, can and do block parts, sometimes large parts, of the things you're trying to find, which makes finding them a nightmare.I know it's a casual puzzle game, but for something released only last year I was a bit disappointed with the graphics. Some animations look alright but it looks a bit rough at times. I was expecting it to look a little smoother, if that makes sense.For some reason you get strings of ambiguous characters appearing which, while it's fine to string the story out and provide a few jumps, it gets a bit tedious and loses it's lustre when it happens five times within ten minutes.You will often find that you spend the majority of your time clicking between screens, the movement system is clunky and you can rotate around rooms. The next step isn't always obvious, either, so prepare to spend ages per room slowly skimming your mouse over every object to see if you can interact with it.The resolution on this game was the biggest problem for me. It's boxed in like it was made for the old TVs/monitors, and there's no resolution option. The issue this causes is that it makes the hard to find objects even harder to find because they're smaller than I imagine they would be on a smaller screen/resolution.As you can see, I didn't have a great time with this game.Despite playing HOGs a lot, I found this one slightly tedious due to the long periods of time purely spent clicking between rooms then scouring them for something I'd missed. You also have a lot of clutter in your inventory that isn't usable for quite some time which adds to the confusion.On the other hand, maybe someone with more patience and a keener eye would fare better.I hate to not recommend this game, as I enjoy the genre a lot, but I feel there are much better HOGs on Steam, and some at an even lower price, that are more enjoyable."
,Recommended,326190,23660486,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Ithaqua,"2¢ ReviewGame Name:Alchemy Mysteries: Prague LegendsOriginal Release:Dec 2014My Overall Grade (#/10):6Demo:NoWorkshop:NoLevel Editor:NoCaptions:NoController Support:NoMultiplayer:NoVR Support:NoSteam Cards  / Achieves:Yes / YesVAC:NoGenre:Hidden object puzzleManual:NoMetacritic Score:N/AFull Audio Multi Language:EnglishWin 10 / Crapple / Linux:Yes / No / YesRecommended To:Puzzle fans, people who like PG (not-13) level horrorOther:So a typical hidden object puzzler this time set with ghosts and other “spooky” monsters.  The story is not bad but the pacing in the game sucks.  Go here do this, go back and do this, back again 1 more items, ok back to the original and finish the 1st puzzle.  Repeat 30 times and game over.The help system, controls are actually above average and actually useful.It’s not a bad game, and if it wasn’t for the pacing issue, I would strongly recommend it to this genre fans.  But god, it’s a slooooooooow game.  So only grab it on sale and you have 3 hours to kill on a 20-30 min story.1¢ ReviewPro:GraphicsStory (overall)Controls are decentCon:30 min story over 3 hours of gameplayOverall: 5/10 +1 controls, +1 story, -1 pacing = 6/10"
,Recommended,326190,24031512,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Usagi,"InAlchemy Mysteries: Prague Legendsyou play as an orphan who has wondered about her past all of her life, who receives a mysterious letter that brings her to Prague with hopes of finding long lost family members. What ensues, however, is total chaos involving alchemy, golems, mystical artifacts and a plot to take over the world. In this hidden item game, only you can help Eva set things right.The protagonist of the game is Eva, a naive young woman desperately trying to discover her past. Someone claiming to be her uncle writes her a letter requesting her presence and Eva rushes to Prague with no other information to meet him. She’s greeted by his creepy assistant named Anna who doesn’t matter because you never see her again. Actually, you rarely see anyone in this game. Most of the game is spent with Eva solving puzzles and back tracking everywhere. The story that plays out is rather convoluted with an anticlimactic ending. There are ghosts and a couple of jump scares thrown in but nothing is really spooky about the game. An organization known as the Black Alchemists are trying to take over the world and Eva uncovers clues and tries to find a way to stop it, oh and she’s the chosen one descended from an emperor...yeah….The puzzles in the game range from easy to “holy crap why are you doing this to me” hard. One notable puzzle that has kept me from getting all of the achievements is the one that guards the alchemy lab. It involves colors and lights and bleh, unfortunately the puzzle is random so no guide can really help you. Oh, and inside the lab there is a puzzle with lights and mirrors that is also random- Fun! The hidden object scenes are more enjoyable, however, the list of items is done in a way that I really hate. The list at the bottom doesn’t show all of the items you have to find until you find other items listed and make room. So if you’re looking for sixteen items the list only shows eight and the rest show up later. Another thing I disliked was the illogical backtracking. Oh, I need to solve this puzzle in the antique shop, well the part I need is in the cemetery. Why? Also, without the useful map or a guide, things can get confusing.The audio is actually fine, the voice acting isn’t too bad but it’s not great either. The music is fitting as well as the sound effects. All of the character models are nice, the scenery is nice. The graphics are dated, however. The game doesn’t fit wider screen resolutions and while the graphics are decent they’re also drab. The hidden item scenes have low resolution so finding items may be difficult at times. None of these issues make the game unplayable, but they do stand out compared to modern hidden object games.I first played this game in 2015 and my opinions haven’t changed much. I wasn’t a huge fan of the story for the most part but aside from a few annoying puzzles I enjoyed playing it.Alchemy Mysteries: Prague Legendsis not the best hidden object game on the market but on sale it’s an enjoyable time, it’s also pretty short. The game has Steam achievements and trading cards for collectors out there. If you enjoy hidden object games then I recommend this title, the weird story and the backtracking might be off putting to some but the price is low and even lower on sale so go for it.Usagi’s RatingMust buy.A good game to buy.Only buy if on sale.Mediocre.Avoid at all costs.Lunar Productions"
76561198106013105,Recommended,326190,26408433,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Galactic Origins,This was a lot of fun. It was scary as well. I liked the story.The puzzles were not too hard. I skipped a few and used some hints but it was a really good game. I especially liked the map that showed were to go next and allowed fast travel.Neat game.
76561198071375554,Recommended,326190,29454266,Posted: 23 January,all,Feena,"This game's graphics are outdated yet I still enjoyed the story and the game play.At first I didn't like it at all, I even had a glitch with the hidden object scene which I had to disable one of the options in order to move around the areas without glitching my game. After I finished the game, I already missed it. It is a good mystery game.Pros:+Love the journal art+An OK music which fits the atmosphere+Steam achievements+Interesting story+Alchemy themed+Good voice actingCons:-You may not have a good first impression but give it a chance."
,Recommended,326190,28630783,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,MW2K,"There's some bizarre ambient talking/chatting in the game. You'll notice it mainly in HO scenes and I wonder if the foley artist picked up some random chatter when they recorded the audio. You can't really notice it unless you're using headphonesThe goodIf you like the Dracula and the Frankenstein HO puzzlers the same dev made, you'll like thisIt was worth 49 cents. Can't beat that.Challenging puzzlesInteresting story about John Dee and alchemyReasonable visualsTrading cards and achievementsFairly easy to get a perfect game for those who care about itThe badMinimal replay valueGame suffers a bug where you see floating stars rather than what you're meant to. Restarting fixes it, but it's still annoyingSome just there voice acting"
,Recommended,326190,30920399,Posted: 3 April,all,Ɗʊىƙƒαℓℓ ✬,"Two thumbs up! I fell in love with the cringy buggy Sinister City and decided to purchase this game from Jetdog Studios. What can I say? I'm not disappointed and will be buying more hidden object games of theirs :) This game is significantly more refined and the puzzles are perfect in terms of being intuitive, their difficulty and variation - loved the match two, hidden object, fill out blanks as well as sequence puzzles. The story is silly with spooky cut scenes which is very entertaining. For two euros you get around 7 hours of gameplay, which I find fair. Steam achievements are obtainable and aren't grindy. The only drawback is that there is one very difficult puzzle with prisms, which can take hours to solve if you don't decide to skip it - whoever created it is a monster haha. I highly recommend grabbing this game if you are a fan of spooky hidden object games!"
,Not Recommended,326190,23054090,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Lin,"JetDogs Studios have built themselves a respectable rap amongst casual gamers with the 12 Labours of Hercules series. Unfortunately, I can't say I have enjoyed any of their earlier games, which tend to have lower production values and are generally much less polished. Alchemy Mysteries is no exception.What we have here is a run of the mill hidden object game, except for the fact that it scores below average in most aspects of itsPRODUCTION. With graphics and animation scraping the bottom of the barrel, it at least occasionally manages to score some points in atmosphere. Things continue being standard (as in standardly not great) when it comes to the music and the voice acting, which should surprise no one.I will not bother getting into theSTORY, suffice to say that it is also business as usual, i.e. attempting to be spooky and ending up barely above cringeworthy. However, the designers made a decent effort to create actual reasons for sending you to look at places and solve puzzles. That would have potentially improved immersion - if only navigation was a bit less unpleasant and I didn't end up constantly using the map for quicktravelling.But it's theGAMEPLAYthat really lets Alchemy Mysteries down.TheHOG SCENESfeel very limited. They are relatively small and I personally didn't enjoy the way the items were drawn and incorporated into scenes. The game only displays 8 of the items you are looking for at a time, which generally means you are more likely to get stuck. There are also several HOG scenes that require you to combine items, including some from within your inventory. While this can be an interesting mechanic, it often means you have to go away from the scene to look for missing items, usually in different random places of the map and without always really knowing what to look for.As for thePUZZLES, expect to need a lot of hints, expect to be very tempted to skip many of them, and do expect a lot of pixel hunting. While most of them aren't necessarily bad, I found nothing new or memorable and nothing that I genuinely enjoyed. I don't appreciate the fact that I ended up solving many of them simply by trial and error (or dogged OCD refusal to hit the skip button).TL;DR:At the end of the day, HOG players tend to have very specific likes and dislikes when it comes to wasting their time searching for random objects. :) So while I personally didn't enjoy Alchemy Mysteries, I can't say it is much worse than many other HOGs I've played. It just isn't as good as I would have hoped."
76561198151650927,Recommended,326190,13859431,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,saharaspiritbce,"this game is a ""Must have""for those of us who absolutely love Puzzles,hidden objects adventures and a rich story line. casual games are really evolving and this game is a perfect example of that statement.  AWESOME."
,Recommended,326190,25372334,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Audish,"I'll come right out and say it: Plot is never the strong point of a hidden object game. For some reason they're always disjointed messes of scenes, with little connective tissue between them. Alchemy Mysteries: Prague Legends suffers heavily from this syndrome, leading you around by the nose and telling you all about things that might be interesting if you had any agency in them. Honestly it wouldn't be a very good use of your time if not for the surprising level of polish found within.As the title implies, you putter around Prague in a very low-key effort to solve an alchemy-related mystery. Don't get too excited about either of these points, however, because Prague is little more than a streetcorner between a house, cafe, and spooky graveyard. The entire game plays out in a very limited area, with you scouring studies and bookshelves over and over in search of new doodads to unlock things. At least the time of day changes as you progress, giving areas new context and walling some off for a time.You'll find inventory items as you wander, most of which have obvious applications even if they themselves are ecclectic. Prague Legends at least has a good flow to its puzzles, and between the logical progression and the excellent map system you'll never find yourself stuck. The hidden object scenes are the only place that might hang you up at all because they tend to be challenging and include items that must be combined, sometimes with inventory items. There are also a dozen or so actual puzzles to solve with clear instructions that provide some welcome variety to the wandering and hidden object scenes.The plot is banal garbage about a golem and scary people who want to use it, but there's very little interaction between your character and the happenings in the game at all. This can lead to boredom if the item hunts aren't keeping your attention. Strangely all the effort seems to have gone into the graphics, which are some of the best the genre has to offer. Scenes rotate with a smooth, convincing 3D effect, and the few NPCs you encounter are presented in shockingly detailed 3D.There are some ham-fisted spooks that'll have you laughing if anything, and if not that then the voice acting will crack you up as you listen to a bunch of Prague natives speak in unaffected American accents. Still, the graphical achievements are worth noting and the gameplay itself is quite solid. As long as you don't mind much mystery in your mysteries, this is a perfectly serviceable title.Did you enjoy this review? I certainly hope so, and I certainly hope you'll check out more of them athttps://goldplatedgames.com/or on mycuration page!"
,Not Recommended,326190,20664885,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Bitbutton,"This was not a very great game.It has achievements and trading cards, so that was at least something, and you won't even have to suffer through the game twice to get all of the achievements. It also had some fairly enjoyable puzzles and mechanics, and there is voice acting that is not bad.Other than that, I did not much enjoy this game. The hidden object scenes aren't amazing looking, and there is a fair amount of errors in them (such as repeated objects and mislabeled objects). There is way too much back and forth to go back to random places where new objects or HOS have magically appeared, and finding those places is next to impossible without using hints or your map.Most of the puzzles are very easy, while some are just confusing and rely too much on aforementioned back and forth, while the game doesn't even inform you of what you need to find a lot of the time. More than once, you have to actually backtrack from a hidden object scene to randomly go find something else, and then come back to it later. The puzzles just don't seem to follow a logical order. Towards the end, the puzzles seemed more streamlined and enjoyable, with a bit less back and forth and less random places to go back and look for random things in.The plot is flimsy at best, some of the music is nice but the ~super spooky pieces were a bit grating, and while some of the jump scares get you (warning to those who don't like jump scares) the ""scary"" bits are so cliche, random, and inconsistent that I could not get into the atmosphere of the game at all. Also, I know this is a small detail, but the text/font bothered me a LOT in this game."
,Recommended,326190,17795027,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Sleepies,"""Great improvement award for Jetdogs""Compare Alchemy Mistery to same developer previous title ""Sinister City"", I can say it feels so much better and comfortable to play with. Sounds like Jetdogs fired the foolish script writer in Sinister City and hired a professional one.Good:- Beautiful interior and designs, much better than Sinister City- Character movement is more natural- Suitable Jumpscares (Not too scary but hard to predict) and Ghost theme story suck player in to progress the story- Very nice Journal book with hand drawings reminds the previous events. Map and Hint system is helpful and easy to use- 4 angles of each room is unique, give more 3 dimensional feeling of the buildings- Good use of traditional Prague Golem legend- Did not encounter any bug or crash from beginning to endBad:- Some items placement requires backtrack without any hints, purely guess or use hint system- Some area suddenly reopens for story progress without reminds the player- Some hidden object still too small to find, but better than Sinister City- Hidden object repeats too much: Frog, Spoon, Sword, Pin, Dice, Glass are everywhere- Some random generated puzzle is tedious and hard to finish, need trial and error more than thinking-The Ending is lameVerdict:Hidden Object Point and Click lovers shoudn't miss this title, recommended for all casual gamers also.Score:7/10"
,Recommended,326190,20658532,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,BlobbyCHEZhead,"Alchemy Mysteries: Praugue Legends is a Hidden Object Puzzle game which I am hesitant to recommend. The game starts out fun, with simple clicking mechanics and easy to see objects, but as the story rolls on the game gets much harder, and almost impossible to pass without the use of the hint button down in the bottom-left corner. I am recommending this game because of a few fun puzzles that are very well made and very challenging and a story that isn't great, but isn't lame either.So what's the problem with this game? Why is the game nearly impossible without that precious hint button? Well, there is an ""open world"" kind of style to this game. Sometimes you have to find an item somewhere in the world and you wouldn't have a clue where it would be... I found a box of matches under a window leaning on a pole, quite a distance from the objective and there are plenty more examples of that. So your go to option is the hint button. Mindlessly pressing the hint button and then waiting a few seconds for it to load back up again isn't very fun, but that's the only thing you can do to complete the story. This makes it very time consuming and boring traveling around the ""map""...The puzzles, or ""minigames"" are fun though. They offer a great challenge, but it's obvious they aren't impossible. Some of the puzzles took a good 10-15 minutes for me to complete, and most of them are random so you can't look up a guide to complete them. This is the feature that really makes the game fun, and the reason I'm going to recommend this game,  even if it's only just. If I had to give it a rating, I'd give it a 5.1/10"
,Recommended,326190,19294514,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Little Jacob,This game taught me that the steps of a ladder are called rungs. I would say it was worth the 0.15$ I paid for it.
,Recommended,326190,21017710,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Not-So-Serious Sam,"This was the first ""hidden-object game"" I ever played. I hadn't even known that the genre existed beforehand; I was expecting a point-and-click adventure like, say,Leisure Suit Larry,only set in Prague and with no nekkid ladies. So I guess it speaks to the strengths ofAlchemy Mysteries: Prague Legendsthat it not only eased me into the genre in a way I could understand, but also impressed me enough that I've gone on to purchase (and enjoy) other ""HOGs"" as well.Briefly, for those that don't know, a HOG is similar to an adventure game except that the emphasis is onlocatingobjects rather than using them. You're mostly presented with static images rather than 3-D worlds (though usually with ambient effects like flickering lights or running water), and you have to pick out semi-obscured objects with the mouse cursor. Occasional puzzles and cutscenes are often interspersed between the object-hunting sections. Production values are typically high, they usually tell stories involving magic or light horror elements (we're talking ghosts, not gore), and interestingly many of them seem to have female protagonists.Alchemy Mysteries: Prague Legendsfits this description to a tee.To be honest, though I genuinely enjoyedAM: PLwhile I was playing it, I don't really have much to say about it now that it's over. It was perfectly charming and well-made, neither too easy nor too hard... and I hardly remember anything about it a month after I played it. Like some other HOGs I've played since then, it felt a bit like a Sunday crossword puzzle: relaxing, enjoyable, and utterly disposable at the end of the day. I seem to recall a golem turning up at some point, which was kinda cool, as well as a kindly old shopkeeper, and also some hunky but non-threatening dude that I probably hooked up with in a PG-rated kind of way at the end. It was perfectly enjoyable, if not entirely memorable.I hope I'm not damning this game with faint-sounding praise. Itisgood. Buy it if you like HOGs, or are curious about the genre. Your two bucks will get you about five hours of chilled-out, well-crafted fun."
76561198157078437,Recommended,326190,31748803,Posted: 14 May,all,Vulkis,"If this is on sale, you like hidden object games and you're not a puzzle master - look forward to a few hours of fun.If you expect hard puzzles, intuitive movement around the map and an engaging story - move on.Quite torn if to recommend or not. Yes, I had fun, but the puzzles were very easy and if it weren't for the counterintuitive placement of the puzzles (which leads you to roam around the locations on the map, looking for the place the story continues; and eventually using ""hints"" just to shorten the search) it would be a very short game.Like I said before, if it's on sale, buy it, but I honestly wouldn't pay the full 2 bucks for it, sorry."
76561198055693421,Recommended,326190,32278238,Posted: 8 June,all,Dross,"Short, sweet and common point-and-click story game.  Fun puzzles, decent story but the game lacks plot depth.  Although, I do recommend the game for the achievements  and trading cards.  Point-and-click on!"
,Not Recommended,326190,28006585,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Beeves,"This is a HOG and not a very good one. I've been spoiled by the Artifex Mundi titles because this one just had so much clunkiness to it and so much backtracking that it took quite a bit of perseverance on my part to make it all the way through. I've played some HOGs that I liked less than this, but only one or two. And let's be clear here: my standards for this genre are already pretty low because I know they're shovelware for casual grandmas, cat ladies, and the mentally ill.I'm not sure what the purpose of the backtracking in this was either, because the item locations never made any sense. It was like some drunk ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ just ran around Prague throwing vaguely useful garbage everywhere. And yes I know that's the nature of these games but it seemed especially bad in this one. I ended up just spamming the hint button to navigate because I was getting sick of it and just wanted it to be over."
,Recommended,326190,20738365,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,MBcoder,"I really liked the visual effects. Some puzzles were also nice and challenging, but it is almost impossible to play the game without hints since you need to gather objects from different places. Easy to get %100 achievement because you don't need to do something extra other than playing the game from start to finish on advanced mode. 7/10"
,Recommended,326190,18149842,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,SinfulWun,"I picked this game up onsale really cheap and for the price it was more than worth it. I see a lot of reviews complaining about problems that aren't really in the game. It has about 3 hours of gameplay if you put it on advanced mode from the start probably less if you play it on normal.Pros:-Very few objects are repeated, Many hidden object games use the same objects over and over, this one didn't suffer from that.- Easy to follow story.- Fast Travel, some complained about spending too much time moving around the map but the game has a fast travel system in the journel that highlights what scenes you can currently do things in and lets you click to go there immediatly. More Hidden Object games could use that.- Even on advanced mode the hint system rechearges at a more than fair rate, and if you can't figure out where to go even with the help of the journel it wont even consume a hint and will keep pointing you in the right direction. I only needed to use it a few times and Didn't need to consult a guide at all.- Decent voice acting- Steam Acheivments and Trading Cards- PriceCons:- No replayability, You can get 100% of the acheivments in about 3 hours, I guess that's better than being repetitive though.- The story while easy to follow is a little lacking and doesn't serve any other purpose than to move you around and give you objectives. But lets face it you aren't playing a game like this for the story.Overall: 9/10 This score is based on what the game is, comparing it only to other hidden object games I personally have played."
76561198072055752,Recommended,326190,21385278,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,tom-,"If you have played some Artifex Mundi / Spark CE engine HOGs, this one is quite a bit different and I like that. Many of the puzzles are fresh. The technical side is also different, I think it runs on a different engine, all of the character animation is in actual realtime 3D (60 fps or however fast your display and GPU can handle it). Many locations are in 360 degree graphics, CGI instead of handdrawn as far as I can tell. You can turn in the 4 different directions, and the consistency of the locations between different view positions is high (something that many other HOGs lack). All of this means that I think the production values are pretty high and this game must have cost more to make than most other HOGs. (The Artifex Mundi games seem to have changed to a cheaper production in the more recent games, with the prerendered cutscenes not even having 3D CGI characters but handdrawn 2D ones with crude animation, which I find also visually cheap)Unfortunately, the engine and visual production values doesn't automatically translate into better gameplay. The hint button is more necessary than in other HOGs, and the HO scenes are not as satisfying. The list of items you need to find is not fully displayed, only 8 or so at a time.The voice acting and the story were ok, nothing exceptionally bad or good imho.I would like to see some more HOGs of this kind, with evolved gameplay they could really freshen up the HOG market. But since this game was made some time ago (2014 or earlier) and I haven't come across any other game of this kind yet, I'm not sure if there is going to be another one. If you happen to know a HOG with a similar technical side as this one, leave me a comment."
76561198058182707,Not Recommended,326190,24607925,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Leedzie,"As someone that loves point-and-click and hidden object games, I am completely shocked that this game has so many positive reviews. I can say without hesitation that this is the worst game I've ever played in this genre, and even having gotten it in a bundle, I'm still annoyed that I paid for it. The puzzles are unintuitive, the navigation is slow and clunky, the acting is phoned-in, and the plot is so rushed and bland that there's no time to care about basically anyone. The hidden object scenes, which I typically consider the saving grace of a less-than-stellar game of this style, are also thoroughly frustrating. The items you're intended to find are often ridiculously small and/or barely exposed, and as a bonus, they have pixel-perfect hit detection and won't register the find if you're off by the smallest micrometer.This game is not fun. I cannot emphasize this enough: It isnot fun. To anyone reading this that's a fan of point-and-click/hidden object games, do not waste your time or money with this. I wouldn't even recommend it if you get it for free. All it's going to do is drive up your blood pressure and make you feel cheated out of an afternoon."
,Recommended,326190,31529283,Posted: 3 May,all,benfromUoN,"not the best hidden object game, its easily completed (you can just ask for continuous hints to show you what to do at no cost), things are hidden fairly well and the story is fairly good. all in all, if you need a game to kill a few hours i do recommend it for its price."
,Recommended,326190,32016410,Posted: 28 May,all,RacePace,"Very nice hidden objects game! Story is exciting, puzzles are challenging, perfect difficulty imo. Also, you can make it a bit more difficult if you decide to not use the map at all. The gameplay mechanics are good and work as they should. The only con of this game is that you either play in 4:3 with black bars or 16:9 but streched."
,Not Recommended,326190,18943891,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Lux,"The story is nice, but the voice acting is quite terrible. Try reading ""I am so scared!"" with a cheery voice. Yep. Very scared, I see.There is a lot of backtracking and things seem to be just randomly thrown into the story to make you go waaaaaaaaaay out of your way to find something simple. Also, you can't play without using the hint button very, very frequently because the story is so busy with the backtracking that it forgets to... be a good story and tell itself. xDI liked the hidden object scenes and the fact that some objects had to be ""assembled"" during those. Unfortunately, some of the items to assemble have to be in your inventory, and there things get strange because... how the hell are you supposed to know what is in your inventory just to be used in hidden objects scene? Some times you have to start the hidden object scene and then leave it to find another object somewhere else so you can finish the first one. Not to mention when the ""assembly"" labeling doesn't make any sense AT ALL, as in the skeleton part.The puzzles are nice, but the ones close to the ending are quite difficult.Graphics are ok, but in the hidden object scene they are either too fuzzy or the ""hidden"" objects pop out screaming in your face I'M HERE CLICK ME. The inventory has a sidescroll that complicates your life, I ended up clicking the menu or back buttons too often. Also, the screen went all black twice during gameplay, so I had to restart the game to be able to finish.AND WHAT'S WITH THAT ENDING? Idk. I think I could sort of take it that a silly girl would get the hots for any guy that was nice to her, altough it is still too silly... But the ~extremely convincing~ voice acting made it much worse.It helps to pass time, but unless you get this game during a sale, it is a waste of money. :/"
,Recommended,326190,19330139,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Rook,"Well, if you like mystery click type game, go for it, I guess it's good, idk, lolJust not my tuype of games ;c"
76561198011965365,Recommended,326190,19985125,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Saint Aaron,"Did not encounter any bugs while playing this game! The logic puzzles are great. Plus, you can play them again, with random new versions for enough of them each time! Those puzzles are what I play these games for, so this is definitely nice for me.Pros:Lovely interior and designsCharacter movement is more naturalSuitable JumpscaresFast travelVery nice Journal book . Map and Hint system is helpful and easy to useSteam Trading cards & Achievementstraditional Prague Golem legendCons:items placement requires backtrack without any hintshidden object still too small to findHidden object repeatsrandom generated puzzle is tedious and hard to finish"
76561198029140502,Recommended,326190,21584225,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Elza,"Definitely worth a try, especially if you’re a hidden objects games fan.Alchemy Mysteries seems to be more difficult than a typical HOG, not always it's obvious where to go next. Some puzzles are generated randomly, so you won’t be able to look up the answer, also the rules of a few mini games could be more precise. Nevertheless, the gameplay is entertaining and some of the game’s mechanics are fairly unique.The story in general is quite interesting, although the ending felt too sudden. Visually the game is very pleasant to the eye, music is adequate, but not memorable. Achievements are easy to obtain.In short, for a low price you’re getting a decent and enjoyable game. 7/10."
,Recommended,326190,18906830,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,txster,"2.5h to complete on Normal, nothing skipped.Good HOG, good ambiance, nice animations and effects sprinkled throughout. 'Jigsaw' type puzzles are a bit annoying becasue multiple slightly different copies of objects just pile up everywhere making picking up the one you want difficult. Multiple (4x) view of each room do another dimension to exploring instead of a single static screen everywhere."
,Not Recommended,326190,19555510,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,DocCovington,"Pros:game is challenging (HO scenes as well as mini-games)reward for Advanced Modediverse challenges, never gets boring4:3 resolution is not force-stretched to 16:9 like in many other games of this genre, you can actually choose; still, a fully-fledged 16:9 would have been nicerooms are designed in a 360° angle, you can turn aroundCons:the story makes little sense, the tasks you have to perform to move forward even less so (they seem quite random at times); the story is predictable, the ending lame; once you have wrapped your mind around that fact, you can enjoy the game for its highly entertaining puzzlesgame is in low resolution, which is a pity as the scenes were well designeddon't like the UI designnavigation is a pain in the behinddialogue scenes are not animated (with few exceptions), characters look dullgraphics are washy (due to low resolution), especially in the HO puzzle scenesoverall, game doesn't feel like it was created in 2015, it could as well have been from 2002"
76561198164016063,Recommended,326190,28207002,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Artemur,"pros- good looking and colorful graphics- well made cut scenes- puzzles are mostly enjoyable. they are not so easy or difficult- story is intriguing- creepy atmosphere- game is not too short- hidden object elements are fun.- hint system very helpful- there is auto savecons- there is a bug. when you turn around, sometimes screen turn out to be black- navigation system is frustrating."
76561198111032409,Not Recommended,326190,33076070,Posted: 1 July,all,Rocketbilly Redcadillac,"I only recommend buying if its on sale, full price is not worth it for this game!!So, at first I really loved this game. My review might be a tad biased because I kept facing technical errors, that I have never had to deal with while playing  asimple hidden object game.  As someone who plays many HO games regularly, This one was probably my least favorite. The voice acting is usually terrible in these types of games but this one was worse.My Pros:First, I love the rotating room mechanic. That is a cool eIement that not many of these games have. It gave me some more dimension to this ,otherwise dimensionless, game. I really enjoyed the art, and some fthe puzzles were quite fun to fiddle with. I felt that the hidden object sections of this game were decent, compared to some I have played in the past.My two mega cons:1. I had made my save and closed the game somewhere around close to half way through. Normal. Then I go back to play THE NEXT DAY, no updates, not new installs, was playing on the same machine as always, no changes to my computer or the game files and Poof! My save was gone. This upset me A LOT. I didn't come back to this game for months. If you are someone who plays these types of games pretty often, you know that this is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Solving all the ,sometimes illogical, puzzles and listening through non skippable dialogue is annoying.2. Yet another technical error occured when I decided I wanted to try this game a second time. I was playing as usual then theall of the menus seized up and I was stuck having to alt-tab out of this game about 4 times before I gave up.Overall I would give this game a 4/10-It has acheivements AND trading cards-Its constantly on sale-The game was bearable when it worked for me."
76561198120712540,Recommended,326190,31053793,Posted: 9 April,all,jokobo11689,"overall this one did a lot of things I havn't seen a hidden objects game do, rotateing the room, finishing hidden objects puzzles outside of the mini game. Dose some pretty cute things. Ending felt cut off, as if they ran out of time to finish it and just ended it how ever far they had gotten. Until that point I was interested in the story. Don't pay full price but worth it at 70% or more off."
,Recommended,326190,25473381,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Brand,"I wish I could an ""eh"" review for this.  I'll give it a thumbs up because I mostly enjoyed it.  This game has really great atmosphere but woo-boy is the writing in this kind of just an atrocious exposition fire dumpster. If the writing was better I’d feel better giving this a thumbs up as I feel that would really elevate the game.  I enjoyed most of the puzzles (expect for the second to last one) and the HOD scenes hold up pretty well for a game of this game.  If you are looking for something relaxing to do on a rainy day this is certainly a decent time filler."
76561198038552111,Recommended,326190,17219207,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Phruler,Good game
76561197991394048,Recommended,326190,34786838,Posted: 6 September,all,andrewplay599,I enjoyed this hidden object game. I thought the puzzles were good. Finding all the hidden object was a challange. The story was also good. Plus this game has achievements. If you pick this up on sale its well worth the purchase.
,Recommended,326190,16949926,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Thalatte,"Game Options: Three sections - The Volume Control, Miscellaneous and Gameplay. The volume control section has the following: SFX and Music. The miscellaneous section has the following: Full Screen (Plus Fit to Screen) and Standard Cursor. The gameplay section has the following: Tutorial, Game Difficulty Mode and Smooth Rotation.Game Difficulty Modes: Casual and Advanced.Game Cinematics/Dialogues: There's an option in skipping most of the cinematics completely. For the most parts there's an option for skipping most dialogues.Game Voiceovers: They are nicely done. In this game, the main character, is voiced; it's rare for something like this to be done for an casual game. For the most part of the game, the voice of the main character, has been muted.Game Music/Sounds: Non-intrusive. They both fit well with the game.Game Graphics: They're nicely done even there's a bit of dated feel to them. The characters in this game are 3rd Dimension.Game Navigation: There is feature in the game that shows you all the directions you can travel. Some may feel that the navigation in the game's a bit slow for their taste.Game Inventory Panel: There's no option for the panel to be stationary. The inventory panel is doubled as a Task Panel. There are buttons for both on the panel to switch back and forth.Game Journal: It used for recording the game story and clues.Game Interactive Map: There's an option for fast travel. There are various icon map, they're useful, the map legend tells you what the function for each of the icons. The map can be only accessed through the journal.Hidden Objects Gameplay: Traditional word with some or no interaction required. Most items from the inventory can be used in the hidden object scenes. Most of the items in the hidden object scenes doesn't fit with the game's time period. Some of the items are small and/or cleverly hidden.Puzzles Gameplay: Most of the puzzles are moderately easy to solve. There's no reset button but there's a skip button for the puzzles. Most of these puzzle can be replayed. They're accessed through the main menu only.Game Achievements: There are total of 15 different achievements to earned. Each of them has certain requirements before they can be obtained.Game Trading Cards/Badge: There are total of six different trading cards to collect. Three cards are automatically drop from the game itself. The remaining cards can be obtain through Steam's market, trading, booster pack drop and booster pack creator. The badge can upgrade four more times after the initial crafting of the first level badge.http://store.steampowered.com/app/326190"
76561198157036927,Recommended,326190,16768322,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,CSaintD,"Not your standard Hidden Object Puzzle Adventure (HOPA), but then again, that's not always a good thing :)  This is an OK game, but not one I would pay a big price for.  I think I got it for 99 cents, so well worth that price.  It has an interesting story that is a little shallow and the puzzles are pretty easy.  The HO scenes themselves are a little grainy and hard to see, but once you get used to that it is no problem.  It is unique in that you have to use items from your inventory inside the HO scenes, which means that sometimes you have to go out of the scene to find an object you may need to complete it.  The puzzles are all pretty easy even on expert mode.  The navigation is clunky (you have to rotate around in a room to see all the areas), but it does have an interactive map and a navigation button that shows you were you can go from your current location.  The achievements are all really easy to get - most of them are game related, so you get them just by playing the game.  There are 3 for no skipping, no hints, and playing in expert mode.  I was sometimes at a loss about what I was supposed to be doing next and often missed things in the scene because of the graphics and the long lead time for the cursor to change when you are on a hotspot.  Overall, it was a pretty good game."
76561198001117959,Recommended,326190,18948351,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,SniperShezz,"It's a fun game, the puzzles are challenging and the story is interesting, however the voice acting is like something out of a bad TV commerical, it's quite clear they are reading off a sheet and all the emotions are way over done to the point where it is tacky.  If you can look past that though it is a fun game :)"
,Recommended,326190,19085632,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Itohiro,"Most of the time the items are well designed and distinguishible, but sometimes you get yourself asking ""Wait, the thing I just clicked was a car?!""The story is interesting, but the end is quite lame.The puzzles are neither too hard, nor too easy, but some things are counter intuitive, like testing the interaction between your inventory and the hidden object scene.Overall it is a good game to learn a few new words in english, in case you're a non-native speaker."
,Recommended,326190,22057232,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,𝓑𝓪𝓻𝓫𝓲𝓮,Not gonna lie. This game is pretty good. I make fun of it a lot but I actually really enjoy it. The story is nice. The gameplay is simple and pretty fun. And the puzzles aren't like extra easy but they aren't hair pullingly hard.
76561198044242277,Not Recommended,326190,25081163,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Chitose,"I really wish I had played this game immediately after buying it, because now it is too late to ask for a refund.Production wise the voice acting is poor, the animations are silly, the effects are....alright, I suppose. The narrative is incredibly flawed though, it barely follows its own story, has almost no actual conflict between the player and the antagonists, and barely even ends. Really, I thought for sure I would have to actually do something against the Black Alchemists, but no, I just make a powered down verson of what they want for themselves, which in its own berserk rage knocks of a candle stick, which kills the villains....somehow....even though it is in the location I was at and as far as I could tell had was nowhere near the villains. Of course, I have no way of knowing that as the game does not mention the locations are ocnnected in any fashion. They die, I escape somehow, and guy I never even got my breakfast date with professes his love and then the game ends without my response.Story and production aside, the game is not fun. The puzzles are idiotic, the hiddon object segments are simply tedious, and the flow of the areas is just poor, nothing but backtracking and resorting to the hint button to find some random, previously empty spot of the corner of a room is now useable without any prior indication that it ever might be.I do not reccommend."
76561198154893376,Recommended,326190,19251264,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,victoriacsmith5,Challenging riddles and good visuals. Purchased it in promotion sales below one Dollar. You can't do anything wrong with this game for that price - if you like the adventure genre and searching for hidden objects.
,Recommended,326190,20479093,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Peanut Brittlez,Best game ever 10/10 would totally date a girl whos relative came back from the dead and has a golem coming after her for her blood for world domination. Barely said 10 words to her but you know what she's my world. Best. Story. Ever. I love plot holes. ROFL
,Recommended,326190,22516969,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,osirish,"Extremely good HOG ... interesting puzzles, good voice acting for the most part, requiring objects found in the world to be used in HO scenes, decent story, very good graphics and interaction.My only, minor, gripes were that in a couple of scenes, the objects were placed behind the UI making them almost impossible to spot and the abrupt and cringeworthy ending.Otherwise, a very solid HOG game that won't disappoint."
,Recommended,326190,18444974,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,oligovore,"I bought this game on sale for 0,20€ and you know what?Its even worth the full 1,99€.I had low expectations when i first started it, but I was bored andthats the moment when i start to alphabetically play the new owned and stillunplayed masterpieces in my collection.Well, what shall i say? Unlike the many other treasures one can get inbundles and the really low price Steam-sales, Alchemy Mysteries: Prague Legendsis a surprisingly good game!There is a pretty decent, novel-like storyline, at least 3 hours of playtime(i used easy on my first run) and its one of the rare games you actually wantto replay on a higher difficulty.I really wasn't expecting the quality Jetdog Studios are delivering here.Its not a super- high-end-OP-trendsetting-grafic-monster, but it has charm, nice pictures,challenging puzzles and a creative setting.I give 8/10 for this game and hope for a sequel!"
76561198007688772,Recommended,326190,17911557,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Aargh,"Surprisingly well-made hidden-object game!Pros:Meaningful game actions.Great looking cutscenes and character animations. I honestly didn't expect such quality from a 2€ game.Great atmosphere, very good and original story. Beats most games in this genre. The ending is a bit cheesy though.Good voice acting.Music is simplistic but perfectly suits the mysterious atmosphere.Good graphics. You can turn around freely in the rooms; that improves immersion into the game.Well implemented map providing fast travel and additional hints.Accurate, responsive controls.The main villain is named after our former Minister for External Affairs :)Cons:Sadly, almost all hidden object scenes are are pretty bad. The graphics are unclear and the object are often tiny and blending into background. The hint system had to help me a lot.The last two minigames are very, very difficult. This is the first time in HO games I actually had to skip them.Note for Czech players,Poznámka pro české hráče:Pokud vládnete angličtinou, stáhněte si hru z jiného serveru Steamu než z českého, abyste se vyhnuli české lokalizaci. Kvalita překladu je naprosto otřesná s hromadami chyb. Velký problém je to především při hledání objektů, kdy uvedené slovo občas vůbec neodpovídá hledanému objektu."
,Not Recommended,326190,18427981,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Arkady Duskforest,"I love hidden object games, but this is probalby the first one where I just said ""forget it"", I want my 2,5 hours back.So annoying since you know an object is going to be important, but you can't pick it up until the game is ready for you to, the mindless back tracking is ridiculous, things just all of a sudden change state [empty boxes all of a sudden have just the item you need, just becasue you turned to the right page in the journal AGAIN even though you might have been smart enough to remember what ti said the last five times you read it], you in no way get to use your brain in this it is all just chase the green exclimation point around the map since nothing is logical. And when you finally get to do a hidden object or other minigame, they are so insanely easy and without challenge there is a feeling of being ripped off for your efforts.Don't waste your time, there are way too many better Hidden Object games"
76561198260586714,Recommended,326190,19350610,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Krow x420,Great game for the price. I would highly recommend it for any hidden object adventure fan. 8/10.
,Recommended,326190,19304000,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Get Schwifty,"A cheap game with decent graphics, fitting music, and a good story. There are some things that could be improved upon, such as animations, voice acting (very cheesy, hard to take seriously other than Rudolf), and dialogue. I felt that the story was very good, although it wasn't portrayed correctly. They seemed to rush things, not explaining things well enough, and could have gotten much more deep and memorable. I bought this game simply for the trading cards, but I got a lot more out of it than I expected. You can't go wrong with a $1.99 story-driven, well-made game. If I had to rate it out of 10, it'd easily score a 7. It only took a little under 3 hours on advanced to beat this game, however I DID skip a lot, so without skips, maybe 5 hours. Pretty darn good for a couple bucks. I'd love to see a higher budget remake with better voice acting and deeper, more meaningful story.tl;dr: Great graphics, story, and gameplay for the price. Could have been portrayed better by not rushing the story, and could use better animations and voice acting. 7/10"
,Recommended,326190,19514742,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,RazBerryPony,pretty decent hidden object game
76561198097675823,Recommended,326190,19300122,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Izumi Sena,"its very cool, if you like terror combined with HOGthere we go+cool soundtrack+hog awesomeness+and its very cool10/10"
76561197992856964,Recommended,326190,19356495,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,[FOR]mica,"Tepid casual gameplay, a few frustrating bugs, crashes, and gameplay decisions (what do the jump scares near the start add??), and fanfiction level writing.  Though I think they did a surprising amount of story research, because it comes across like historical fiction rather than monster-movie fare.Everyone has ""guilty pleasure"" movies, things that they only like because of the actors involved, or maybe the corny dialogue is just right, or it explores your favorite trope that few other things do.  Movies where you sit down, turn off your brain, and grab the popcorn for an hour.  This is that kind of game.Play only if you like : Golems, Alchemical Symbology, everything containing John Dee or Emperor Rudolf II of the holy roman empire, Stories vaguely reminiscent of the tale of Anastasia, Stories where the badguys are into human sacrifice.... Starting this review, I was going to give it a thumbs down because of the gameplay.  I guess I can't though, because I like most of those things, and stories that deal with /all of them/ are rare.  Thumbs sideways.[edit] :  On reflection, this game does have one amazingly good gameplay mechanic, that helps you figure out what to do if you run out of steam or get confused.  The map screen has on it every room you can currently or hypothetically access, and surrounding each room are a series of nodes : one for each sub-screen where you can look at something up close.  Every one of these rooms and nodes is color coded; grey question marks for places you haven't been, yellow and red ! for places you've been and have completed or can't /currently/ do anything at, and green ! for places that you need to do something at.  You can travel around without the use of this map, and the areas you can access are small and reasonably tight so fast travel is never necessary, which means it only gives you hints if you choose to use it.  All games of this type should have that, I think; it's spoiled me terribly."
,Not Recommended,326190,25530933,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,demented_in_va,"I was more than willing to give this HOG an average score until right around the halfway point. That was when the game became so freaking buggy I struggled to finish it. The issues might have been fixable by just uninstalling and reinstalling, but I had no desire to put that much effort into the HOG, especially once I found a work-around that kept me going until the end.(For reference, the game performs a quick animation everytime you turn. My animations wouldn't play, then the game would go black screen but still had the GUI. If I opened my journal, the screen would come back up, but would vanish when I turned or left the room. I found that exiting to the main menu and then immediately continuing often fixed the issue, but sometimes it was only lasted a little while before going black again. I also ended up missing out on the last few cutscenes.)I don't recommend this game mostly because of those bugs. It may be an issue on my end, but honestly, the rest of the game wasn't that great, either. Puzzles were simple but a few were tedious, the voice actors have never felt an emotion stronger than ""meh"", the plot was so godawfully all over the place (even for a HOG), there's so much backtracking that I considered giving up, and the ""romance"" at the end...wow. I've seen botched plastic surgery that seemed more natural.I've read complaints from people that the animations were awful, and I agree that the Adam model was especially heinous, but HOGs almost never have good animation. This one had pretty good graphics, considering the genre. The music wasn't a masterpiece, but it was decent. It was also pretty cool to use objects from my inventory to add to objects in a puzzle in order to ""find"" them, but I honestly forgot that mechanic existed a few times.So yeah, the good stuff is mostly ""meh"" and the bad stuff is terrible. It's normally 1.99USD and I can't say I'd recommend it even if it was on sale and 99% off."
,Not Recommended,326190,25625688,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,signalstation,"This would be a run of the mill hidden object game, except that the navigation is clumsy and takes some getting used to, and it's not really worth the trouble. The art, writing, voice acting, and puzzles are not exactly bad, but are below average. If you're desperate for a new hidden object game and not that picky, I guess $2 is a fair price for this, but I still can't say I'd recommend it."
76561198061913807,Recommended,326190,34244248,Posted: 14 August,all,Katroller,Zerado. Nice Game.
76561198065396619,Recommended,326190,31942637,Posted: 24 May,all,Violent Rainbow,"How can one house have so many secret compartments? And is it really necessary to hide a secret compartment inside another secret compartment?! And why doesn't anything just open? Why do I have to follow a ghost around in the attic for an hour before I can open the bathroom door? And the puzzles! Oh good lord the puzzles! I can't imagine life in that house, it would be so inconvenient to have to solve a puzzle everytime I wanted to get my phone charger out of a drawer. Whoever built that mansion clearly had some problems."
76561198091030601,Not Recommended,326190,20027175,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Laurel,"I liked the cunning use of alchemical symbolism but disagree with some other reviewers on the story being interesting.  It felt contrived and silly to me.  None of the characters interested me, though I enjoyed some of the puzzle games.  But for the .49 I paid for it, Steam has a number of better options on sale right now."
,Recommended,326190,31435270,Posted: 29 April,all,Iiaeze,"This is another case where I wish Steam had an 'Eh...' option.The one entirely positive thing I have to say is that the art is nice, but I suppose that for a point and click game that's entirely expected. There's a decent enough variety of environments and the rather large amount of FMVs look pretty alright all things considered.Mechanically, it's fine. Items don't need pin point accuracy to register, the game doesn't freeze or lag anywhere. This is bare minimum stuff, but at leastAlchemy Mysteriesreached that minimum, y'know?Puzzles were also just... OK. There's a lot of matching involved and about three are sequence based. None are particularly difficult - I think the longest took me about five minutes. The bulk of the game is hidden object search.Now, unfortunately, it's the meat of point and click games where everything goes bad. The story. Or rather, the writing and direction.As a general idea the story is alright. The premise could have turned out fine. All of the events that take place make sense and do a good enough job of providing a motivating force for the story to move forward. It's just the writing... well the writing and the voice acting. This is a budget title and all, but good lord have the developers never heard a person speak? Our protagonist, an incredibly ditzy girl named Eva, seems to have a flair for being dramatic and idiotic at all points of the game. A skeleton just reached out to grab me? Well golly gee! Someone who I never knew apparently is dead and I don't even know how they died? It's so ""SAIIYD!!!"" Saiiyd is the best way to write down how the voice actress performed that line. ""It's so saiiyd."" Somehow the pronunciation was the same each time the line came up.Another complaint is that while the events that take place can be logically linked together, dear old Eva seems to have lost the plot. Her lines are random and make little sense with the context of the scene. Pick up a flask for later? Yep, makes sense, flasks are useful to hold liquids. ""GOLLY GEE I BET THIS FLASK WOULD BE USEFUL TO HOLD SOME ACID!"" ...I mean, yes Eva, that is what it's going to be used for but why in the world is that what comes to mind? She also has a knack for picking random pieces of junk, be it broken wheels, door handles, etc.. All of this stuff does get used later on, but there's no reason for her to carry all of this. Now, you could possibly chalk this up to the story being purposefully camp, which given the content of the FMVs and general setpieces was probably the point. However, the game is never purposefully funny, it just ends up that way due to the direction.Overall, it's like the game was written by two different teams, or people I suppose. One cared at least a bit as they wrote the overarching plot, and the other just followed that list without any attention paid to the small things. Unfortunately, this is a point and click. There's three things that hold these titles up, and that's the puzzles, art, and the story. You can't fail at any andAlchemy Mysteriesbasically got a C, B, and a D here.Anyway, since the game is only $1.99 and 50% coupons are everywhere - for the grand price of a $1 the game is fine. It's a single dollar, I can't really expect perfection and neither should you.Alchemy Mysteriesis definitely good enough to grant a few hours of entertainment, if not for the actual gameplay then certainly from listening to little ol' stupid Eva."
76561198051556415,Recommended,326190,18864445,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,edymarie46,I really enjoyed this game and would recommend it any casual gamers.
,Recommended,326190,16485435,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Morgue,"Pros:- Nice art IN PLACES.- They try to discourage random clicking to get solutions by having a scary face woosh at you. It's cute that they tried.- Many objects are re-usable, which is good.- The HOG scenes have a bunch of objects all of which are drawn seperately, so I never knew which the correct object was just because it was the only one that didn't gel with the background.- The dials in the game all rotate both ways based on left or right click. Much less annoying that way.- The alchemical symbols are pretty accurate (within the extent of my knowledge), and that's nice.Neutral/subject to opinion:- The main character, Eve, has an independent mind, and when you pick something up, she usually reminds you what its for Sure, she's just GIVING you the solution to the puzzle...  But also it's good that she's not totally brainless, in fact, with a few leaps of logic, she's almost psychic! example:""I'll need this horn to escape!""... ""Uh... Will you?""- You can collect things in advance of knowing what they are to be used for, which is good because it reduces back-tracking and in most hidden object games it's obvious hours in advance you'll end up having to collect something and it's better you can just pick it up rather than needing to note down where it was and come back later. On the other hand, at times it seems deeply weird, again feeding into the whole ""Eve's a creep genius"" thing.- There are times you have to use objects from your inventory to complete the HOG scenes. This left me bemused at times because I was completely stumped looking for something that WASN'T THERE. Once you realise it though (The hints system helps there) it keeps the scenes varied and interesting.-The HOG scenes give you a list of 6 and when you find something it replaces what you found with a new item until it runs out, this means you need to find the objects in a certain order, which is bad, but it keeps the list short which is good.- Pentagrams everywhere. Probably more historically accurate, but disturbing/offensive to those for whom that's a sincere religious symbol.Cons:- The whole game sweats with excessive effort. It doesn't sound like a real thing but it's actually trying too hard. I feel sorry for it. Adds to the comedy though.- HOGs are the ""Find this item based on name"" style, BUT the names of the item are often slightly wrong, such as ""Hair pin"" instead of ""Hair slide"" which is subtle, sever instances of ""watch"" isntead of ""clock"" but still confusing, through to egregious examples, like one near the end which... I don't remember. BUT IT WAS SUPER CONFUSING.- Horrible voice acting, and characters who have wedged themselves into the uncanny valley and installed porta johns.- Romantic subplot, which was handled with all the subtlety and grace of mating stegasauruses. (I'm not even rating that to be a spoiler because if you didn't see it coming the second the character was introduced, I'm impressed you can at least read)- ""Horror"" genre is mostly aspirational, and tone is horribly mismatched.- From each HOG scene you keep only 1 object, which is annoying when you HAD a pair of scissiors two HOG scenes ago but still need to get a new pair before you can use it because... IDK, your character threw those first scissors away?I got this game for about 70p, and for that it's good value, an evening's entertainment, you can at least laugh at its awfulness."
76561198045208825,Not Recommended,326190,17632957,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Shatiz,"SummaryDecent hidden object game bogged down by endless backtracking/teleportation and a lackluster story completely ruined by terrible presentation. If you can ignore the story and do not mind constantly using the map you may enjoy it. Otherwise I’d give it a miss.ReviewYou play as Eva, an orphan arriving in Prague hoping to clues to her family after you receive news of an inheritance befalling you. Instead you are met by a rude woman and a house full of ghosts and a sect of evil alchemists. To be fair, the premise of the story is not awful and evil alchemists could make for interesting antagonists. Unfortunately the voice acting in this game is atrocious, especially the main character, so even if there had not been a multitude of points where the story faltered, the presentation of the story makes it cringe-worthy. It is poorly written, poorly acted and in the end this ruined the game for me. In fact, I would say that this is a great example of a game where not having a story would actually have made it a better game. Couldn’t Eva just have been an archeologist digging through the remains of a temple abandoned by a sect of evil alchemists that never actually appear but just provided a setting?There are also a multitude of “jump-scares” as ghosts and skeleton arms appear around the house… but Eva never reacts to them in any way. They are directed at you, the players, who is very unlikely to be scared by them. Thus like everything else in the game, nothing gives any personality to the woman you are playing as. She is just a vessel for your clicking.The puzzles (hidden objects and minigames) are fine for the most part. Compared to many other games in the genre the textures are muted and have low resolution, making the object hunting a challenge. I did like the idea of letting you use items from your inventory in the hidden object screens, but this mechanic is partially ruined by the fact that these places are not in any way indicated (for example by your cursor changing when you hover over it or Eva saying something when you click on it).  Another big problem is that as new areas are unlocked, the old areas are left open and always have objects left in them that you need to find/unlock. This means endless backtracking, which is especially monotonous since moving through the game is incredibly slow… unless you use the map. The problem with using the map is that since it (even on advanced mode) shows you which areas have actions you can do, you never actually have to think about what you need items for. You pick up an item and then instantly teleport to where it is needed. Without this option, the game would be an absolute pain to complete, but with it you actually lose a significant portion of the “item puzzling”. The solution would have been better design to avoid either scenario.With frequently using the teleportation option and completing all achievements the game on advanced mode took me 4.7 hours according to steam. Unfortunately, overall I did not enjoy my time with Alchemy Mysteries: Prague Legends. As long as I could ignore the story I was having a decent time with the puzzles, especially in the beginning when the limited options meant that there was little need to use the map unless I was really stuck. But towards the middle to late stages of the game I was forced to mostly use the map. At that point the terrible story had also started getting on my nerves, to the point where I mostly wanted the game to end. Thus, no recommendation from me."
,Recommended,326190,23562400,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Çhrîssî ツ,"Alchemy Mysteries: Prague LegendsAlchemy Mysteries's main theme is set in Prague, Prague is a beautiful city and the graphics kinda show it. The graphics are strange, scenes look a little weird but they also look nice in their own ways. Unfortunately, they're sometimes very blurry and this is bad in Hidden Object scenes because it makes objects hard to find. Talk about the HOG scenes, they're not cluttered and based on the standard list-type, however, in many scenes you have to use items in your inventory to perform interactions in the scene, we found this kind of fun but can cause a little confusion as well. Music is okay, nothing outstanding. Puzzles are also pretty average, most of them are all that we're very familiar of. For the story, it's not purely new but it has some little twists and turns which make it more interesting. Alchemy Mysteries has quite a lot of major flaws, the navigation is extremely frustrating. Most of the scenes involve side-scrolling, right and left, right and left. Luckily, the developers offer us a 'smooth scrolling' option which we advice you to turn it off because it can very well make you dizzy and can cause some serious sea-sick! It's also very confusing because there're quite a lot of tasks to do in each scene and you often get lost and can't remember where is the scene you wanted to go, there is a map in the game but the interface is pretty bad, it doesn't help much after all. The game is also lack of excitement, it's a very slow-paced one and some might lost their interest very quickly. Despite all the flaws, we actually really like the character's movement and the cut-scenes which are very smooth. Alchemy Mysteries is a strange game, it's surely different from other HOGs in the market but maybe, not in a good way...Graphics3.5/5 StarsSound3/5 StarsStory3/5 StarsGameplay2/5 StarsPuzzles3/5 StarsControl and Navigation1.5/5 StarsFun Factor2/5 StarsRating: 2.5/5 Stars"
76561198227942340,Not Recommended,326190,30851909,Posted: 31 March,all,HuanMing,"I don’t even know where to start... Mechanics and gameplay are horrid, not intuitive, freakishly annoying and repelling.You keep turning around every room, picking up random items for no particular reason, but hey, it is reasonable you start picking up flowers on a cemetery after breaking into a crypt and finding out you have a sister and you are a descendent of a royalty…  Which brings me to the plot. Illogical, inconsistent, preposterous and so, so unbelievably boring that I’ve started learning German while playing.I don’t have high expectations toward HOG games, I want them to be fun or enjoyable or interesting or relaxing. This game is neither. Huge disappointment.On the bright side (yes, there is one), there are cards and achievements and who knows maybe out of boredom you will pick up a C++ manual.Cannot recommend."
,Recommended,326190,30866354,Posted: 31 March,all,A Shadow Named Envy,"Could only recommend this if you're really into hidden object games, otherwise it's not as strong as their other games they've made. The story is weak, the animation is quite nice for an indie game. Some of the 'logical' puzzles to me at least just weren't very logical, and it involved trying things that seemed impossible to make it through the game.All and all it only lasted me about 4 hours without any hints, quite a short game.Still a recommendation nonetheless, I don't know why people downvote it so much, I don't play these games for their story, I just like to find items."
76561198036498823,Recommended,326190,15964806,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Solanum nigrum,"It is Artifex Mundi. ""If you played one, than you know them all."" which in this case is one of the...""STOP!""What? What is it?""This game is not by Artifex Mundi, Sola!""It is not? But.. it.. I thought.. I mean take a look at it, it is the same quality, the same exp...""It just is NOT Artifex Mundi!""Okay. So, it is an point&click ""slash"" hidden object game that feels just as well made as the Artifex Mundi games. Who did this game Mr. Voice in my head?""Jetdogs Studio""Well, good game. Good game.10/10 Jetdogs, I keep my eye on you"
76561197971341065,Recommended,326190,17813995,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,sfnhltb,"A somewhat weak HOG with a fantastic theme which is sometimes let down by dodgy hidden object scenes, but is partially made up by a somewhat intriguing story, although generally populated by some very cliched characters - literally every character you meet, you tend to immediately know their role in the story from start to finish.As mentioned previous the HOG scenes here are very patchy, with some objects being very unclear or blurry, whereas other scenes are fine. The point and click elements of the game are okay, nothing too illogical, although there is a very large amount of backtracking and revisiting previous scenes, although it at least has a map to show where you can do stuff next (not the most intuitive map however).In summary - a relatively weak HOG, somewhat redeemed by the storyline, but just about barely a recommendation."
,Not Recommended,326190,20209342,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,that_bad,"A game so truly awful, I won't waste too much time reviewing it. Dire plot, lazy dialogue, no attempt to maintain any sense of immersion. One to avoid, even during the sales."
,Not Recommended,326190,17991595,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Michael Culbertson,"This game was fine for a little idle distraction, but overall, I wouldn't call it a winner. The mystery was set up well, but the storytelling blundered the unraveling of the mystery, culminating in an incrediby unsatisfying ""romantic"" final scene. The puzzles were gennerally unintuitive and not terribly interesting, which was eased somewhat by the informative map that indicated which areas had been ""cleared"" and the ability to skip particularly annoying mini-games."
,Not Recommended,326190,19339971,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,ImABotKiller,The ending was cliche and boring.
,Not Recommended,326190,19679273,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,IZISME,no
76561198101115250,Not Recommended,326190,18349913,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,greytrek19,"While this game has a few things going for it, namely atmosphere, there are just way too many pitfalls to merit a recommendation. First and foremost are the glitches; my screen frequently goes black (and keeps doing it when I back up and retry the triggering action), forcing me to close and reload the game. Secondly, and almost as badly, is that the next step in the story sequence tends to be arbitrary and entirely opaque - I have to make constant use of the hint button to tell me where I need to go next to make progress. (And I don't mean I'm bad at sussing out clues for the next step; they're just not there much of the time.) Then, the poor resolutions on the HO scenes make many of them a joke, especially when the target objects are misleadingly named (clocks referred to as ""watches,"" for example, or a ""pin"" being separate from the ""hair pin"" found in the same HO scene). Navigation is cumbersome, especially when almost every sequence has you bouncing all over the available areas, and things you notice early and should rightfully be able to pick up instead don't become ""active"" until the appointed time, forcing you to revisit all of them (or rely on the hint button again) to figure out what you're supposed to use next. Basically, it's an attempt to rip off Artifex Mundi games, but doesn't understand what those games do to make themselves great."
,Recommended,326190,17718722,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Almindor,"This is a puzzle/finder game. I find the atmosphere very interesting (coming from around where it's taking place) and I think the authors did a good job with the plot and pacing. The puzzle and finding parts are not too daunting and the hint button helps nicely when you get stuck. I also like that the game is quite logical as to what to do next.The animations and voiceovers are a bit cheesy, but I can forgive that since most of the time you're not viewing/listening to them. The overall atmosphere makes up for it."
76561198188927953,Recommended,326190,17042426,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,masti_tom,"This game has a turn feature like you can move right or left which is good, and also a good story about a man wanting to create a monster and rule the world using blood from a girl. It has some nice puzzles and some can be easy or hard and using the skip feature solves it and it can take around 3 to 4 hours to do as in my time record it shows and I got it for $2.39 which is cheap and this game is a little different as you have sequences occur and can be spooked as well.The graphics are good and some puzzles or objects don't make sense at times and I thought one part was funny when the golem takes a dummy version of you as it thinks it is you in the bed and I was wandering how it mvoes around as it is huge. The romance part in the end is kind of not that strong otherwise a good game and would recommend this to you and nice to see a female character in the game and does well as a person who can solve things and alchemy potions."
76561198091550830,Recommended,326190,17602388,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Biverhouse,"Fast and easy game with good animation and set of entertaining puzzles to keep you busy for a day or two. More like a quest than a ""hidden object"" and that's what makes this game a pretty good one."
76561198063193728,Recommended,326190,15617410,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Sayanne,"Fun game with a little alchemy history class.You play an orphan girl who get a letter from a past away relative and she is eager to learn more of her family history and takes the plane to Prague.She soon find her self in a haunted environment and has to find out what happened.You end up discovering a alchemy plot and need to save yourself from evils' grasp.Very fun story, nice graphics, good puzzles, some harder then others."
,Recommended,326190,16285234,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,MacabreGoblin,"A tidy little hidden object game with a spooky atmosphere. It's not the best I've played, and it's far from perfect...but I certainly feel like I had a fun time playing it. There were a couple of bugs, especially a repeating one where I would be navigating and all of a sudden the view screen would turn black. This was solved by exiting to the menu and then resuming the story. All in all I had five hours of fun."
76561198165533399,Recommended,326190,16707966,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,bognairenea,"Nice game, better than average HO. It has interesting (though sometimes giving player a headache) animated in-scene navigation (you can turn around or move closer to certain areas). The story is quite developed and nicely based on existing legend. I'd reccomend it as a pleasant way to spend one afternoon."
,Recommended,326190,17097671,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,ShockwaveNN,"It not good game, but not very bad game.Pros:- Very good navigation system, that show places where you can do something.- Some puzzles are interesting, and event hard, especially last puzzle with prizmes.- Easy 100% achievements.Cons:- Stupid story.- Background graphic is pretty bed for 2014 year, but people models and texture are relatively good.- Game still run in  4*3 aspect ration."
,Recommended,326190,30454667,Posted: 11 March,all,BG,"3/5PROSMusic, enigmatic and well placed.Graphics, beautiful light and shadow effects.Riddles, not too difficult, but not too hard.CONSUninteresting narrative.Gets boring as you progress.More of the same genre.A good deal if you wish to spend an afternoon, but don't expect hard challenges and a deep story."
76561198369874013,Not Recommended,326190,30549451,Posted: 16 March,all,helga.iwamoto,Game interface isn't intuitive. Crashes a lot.
76561198357042823,Recommended,326190,30714871,Posted: 24 March,all,pmware162,"Over all, i give it a thumbs up.  It has challenging puzzles and an interesting story line.  Also the music gets creepy at times adding to the overall charm.  It is however, difficult and the puzzles are random, so consulting a guide doesnt always work as your puzzle will most likely be different.  Also alot of backtracking and you end up double checking things which tends to be annoying.  Over all though i enjoyed the difficult puzzles."
,Recommended,326190,22237613,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Menace123,"- This review isn't written by a native speaker, thank you for your understanding -- If you haven't found this review helpful or if you have found a mistake please leave a comment below -RatingMust Play- Key features below ---- Review after -----------------------------------------------Play time needed (perfect)about 8 hoursGaming levelCasualAchievement levelCasualGame styleHidden Object; Puzzle; Point n' Click (First Person)Game modesStory modeStoryVery goodPlaythrough1VoiceGood.Music? (can't remember)ControlsMouse onlyTutorialYes.Unmissable / backtracking contentExcept some (*)Glitches / bugsNo.Worth priceFull price!- Review below ----------------------------------------------------------------------One of my best Hidden-Object game of Jetdogs Studios I've played. The game features a very good mix between a puzzle / exploring and hidden objects with a great story.(*):Some achievements required you to not skip any mini-game, hidden objects scene or cut scene. And some need you to find several objects in a required time but it's easily doable in one playthrough or doing the first hidden objects scene of the beginning."
76561197970078168,Not Recommended,326190,17257042,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,hermetico,"Regular hidden-objects game, with little puzzles.The game shows a constellations view from time to time, which forces you to re-start the game. Annoying bug.Story isn't bad but typical topical."
,Recommended,326190,19543776,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,LL KooL K,"The hidden object finding is good enough, and a feature I appreciated was a map of the places you can visit with markers what areas still have things to do in them.It's good that Jetdogs Studios has figured out how to do this genre properly, since it would eventually get boring to only play the Artifex Mundi games."
76561198125545259,Not Recommended,326190,18444185,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,op1ekun,"To not start on the bad side. I had some fun it wasn't a complete crap, but Steam offers no grading for game reviews hence the NO RECOMMENDATION.Well, I know it's a little game and I shouldn't expect too much but:1) Hidden Objects puzzle is sometimes very frustrating. Objects are either too small, too dark or doesn't resemble the object you're trying to find. I usually play from the couch and  many times I had to come closer to my 55"" TV which I find a bit ridiculous :/2) Some of the puzzles have no explanation at all (vide <spoiler>cafe puzzle</spoiler>), some are just simply skipable. I find it irritating at least.3) THE ENDING... REALLY?! WHAT A RUBBISH ... Horrible, lacklustre, abrupt, and simply just bad... Couple of hours of playing, and you give me that?!CAN'T RECOMMEND :("
,Recommended,326190,30229401,Posted: 27 February,all,Kruche ciasteczka z marmoladą,100/100
76561198313168541,Not Recommended,326190,34226800,Posted: 13 August,all,porkiesdamnemail,"I play a lot of Hidden Object games, and I can overlook some flaws, but I can't reccommend this one. In the end, the reason I like hidden object games is because of the hidden object element, and I just can't get over how frustrating I found the hidden object scenes in this one.Pros:decent voice acting for the genreachievements are not hard, double points because it's unusual to even find HO games with Steam achievementsgood navigation system with ability to click a map to move around, and areas with something to do are marked on the mapCons:the hidden object scenes are frustrating and annoying. Sometimes you have to have an object in your inventory to find something in a hidden object scene. At first I thought this was an interesting twist but I quickly started to hate it. Other times, things are labeled just slightly oddly, e.g., a coin purse listed as a wallet. And while some have modern things like MP3 players and smartphone chargers, in others you're looking for a really old-fashioned telephone.knowing where to go at any point is really unintuitive. If you don't check the map often, you'll have no reason to know that you suddenly need to go back to the starting area because a hidden object scene needs to be played again."
76561198092667430,Recommended,326190,19638778,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Niflheim,Give me the card!
76561198110744111,Recommended,326190,24364218,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,SavageBooty,"Wot ze hell happened to ze game. I opened le chest and it broke...Jump scares: 5.6/10Puzzles: illuminati/10Dialogue: barbie meats hunk Adam, ♥♥♥♥ KenWhere are the Elric brothers?!Everything i could have wanted and more.Music: it hurtsHow do I know Alchemy?Ghosts: are meanIts Prague how the ♥♥♥♥ do they sound so American?dafaq ending? IT WAS ADAMSulfur Sulfate99/10 would break again"
,Recommended,326190,26513820,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,StickAroundJeyYu,Pretty cool game
,Recommended,326190,17740665,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Gratiln,Very good hog. I recommend this. If you love hidden object games you should buy this one.
,Recommended,326190,17826702,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,fizzleexmortus,"Much like Sinister city, Alchemy Mysteries: Prague Legends is a point and click hidden object puzzle game, but this one is set as a horror/fantasy title and revolves around magic. It is less visually appealing as far as character design graphics, but it has less bland backgrounds and props. The puzzles are about 75% typical hidden item interactions and mini-games, with only a few that felt unique. The click recognitions are a majority operational, but don't try playing with touch. The audio and dialogue are bland as usual, but the story is ok; not good, just ok. Support for the game is untested, as it was unneeded. I was able to complete the game on both easy and advanced in a total of about 5 hrs of gameplay. It has very little replay value beyond its second playthrough.In short, on my 10-point scale of rating games based on Concept, Appearance, Content & Replay Value, Mechanics, and Sound I would have to give Sinister City a 5/10. This is an overall decent game, but has very little replay value, is generic in content, and doesn't stand out as an amazing title from the hidden object genre.In the end, I would recommend this game more than Sinister City, but still only if it is at least half off, as in less than a dollar. It might be worth fropping a buck on it, since you can make a few cents back on the cards, but it isn't worth full price."
76561198028115215,Recommended,326190,19665388,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Serf de Lyonesse,an awsome game. I am really satisfied for the genre
,Recommended,326190,17860671,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Seasoned Wanderer,Neat point and click adventure game. And only 1.99.
76561198061618921,Not Recommended,326190,23233000,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Zoxyop123,"Only about 2 hours for the whole game. Not the best game,Overall this game is below average, I would probably rate this 4/10"
,Recommended,326190,19800378,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Issysia,"The art was pretty good, the puzzles were okay. Really liked how they made the room setup and navigation to be picture 3d instead of cutting from one shot to another in most other similar genre games.The story was very weak and the voice acting was horrible though. Glad they didn't have a ""don't skip any dialogue"" achievement.But still, if you don't care too much about story or acting, pretty much a pleasant playthrough :)"
,Recommended,326190,19430716,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Youpiao,"Great games for the price, but the end is cliche and boring"
,Not Recommended,326190,19499760,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Hikari,no
,Recommended,326190,19510686,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Halcyon,"Not terrible but not good either.  There was a few moments where I had to pull up a walkthrough because the story was too vague or the graphics too pixelated. The story, like most HOGs is silly with a murky ending but otherwise this is a harmless time-waster that I can recommend only slightly."
76561198112489591,Recommended,326190,25171570,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Quarlington,What can I say.  I liked it.  A very pleasant way to spend a few hours.
76561198077719495,Recommended,326190,25388893,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,babydollpinup,A little slow and repetative but a fun way to kill an afternoon for cheap
,Recommended,326190,25444203,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Fr[A]nky Di[A]mond,a nice Point and Click ! not relly hard. Some puzzle ar weird but otherwise it ok7/10
76561198324925228,Not Recommended,326190,28554719,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,raven_guest13,"I haven't played this for long but am already seriously irritated by it. There is no reason for putting items together and most of the time I'm having to rely on the hint button. Hard to enjoy it when it feels like a chore.UPDATE; Just finished it and whilst there is a lot to like (the map system, the setting etc) there are a lot fo irritating parts. There is no rhyme or reason for knowing what you're suppoed to do, and the ending was beyond ridiculous."
,Recommended,326190,20186174,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,KrigarNooben,This clicker is pretty nice;Amongst all other clicker and pointers id say its average close to good.well worth anything under half a currency (in my case Euro)
,Recommended,326190,23300037,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,aRoDaT™☪ Bolt.gg,It was funny
,Not Recommended,326190,17702188,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Daddy AsFcc,Even for $0.39 the game still isn't worth it. The artwork in the hidden object scenese is terrible and the hint button is the only way to really manage to make any progress in the game.
76561198042225625,Recommended,326190,17075682,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,ikkiyakki,"Наконец-то добрался до игры в жанре ""найди предмет"", столь успешно эксплуатируемом отечественными разработчиками (судя по Белке и Стрелке в заставке). Жанр представляет собой смесь ""Героев щелкания"" (без ролевого элемента) с самыми увлекательными приключениями в духе ""охоты за активными точками"". Однако в данном случае мы получаем еще и холодящую душу драму ужасов с привидениями, сюжет которой угадывается с первых сцен: жестокий глава семьи, разлученные судьбою близнецы, насилие над невезучим,разврат, похищение.Мы играем за везучего близнеца, что не может не радовать. Героиня игры, видно, тоже наслаждается своим преимуществом, так как голос ее остается одинаково бодрым и звонким даже в разговоре с явным злодеем сразу же после того, как мы обнесли весь его дом, вскрывая стенные панели и взламывая тайники.В общем, атмосфера в игре довольно приятная, пока неожиданно не объявится очередной призрак. Так, мило поковырявшись в чьем-то антикварном сокровище и выдрав из него все, что полезло в карман, можно легко изгадить штаны при повороте к двери - настолько жуткие здесь использованы фигуры трехмерного моделирования эпохи правления раннего Владимира Путина.Назвать игру плохой не поворачивается язык. За 30 рублей самое то. Кроме того, у нее потрясающей красоты значки в виде старинного фолианта - как библиофил считаю себя обязанным собрать хотя бы первый уровень.***At last I've got to play a hidden object game, russian developers traditionally have a strong school in this jenre. It's a mix of 'Clicker Heroes' (without the RPG element) with the most exciting adventures of pixel huting. But here we also get a blood-chilling horror drama, it's story you can guess during the opening scenes: cruel head of the family, divided twins, violence over the unfortunate one,debauchery, kidnapping.We play as the fortunate twin. The heroine is also very glad with this fact seemingly, for she speaks with ever cheerful tone even facing an obvious evil character just after we had burglarized his house, crashing wall panels and cracking strongboxes.All in all the atmosphere is quite pleasant, until another ghost arrives. Once in a while, rummaging through someone's antique case, grabbing everything that fits in the pocket and than turning over to the door you could easely crap your pants for the old-school 3d models used here are so scary!Nevertheless I can't say the game is bad. It's cool for $0,5. Also it has wonderful badges resembling an old folio book, of which I'll surely make at least the first level."
,Recommended,326190,17812228,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,AntiVVeaboo,I think dis is point n click gamevvith 3D proper graphic
76561197997829089,Recommended,326190,17791579,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Tinky,"Nothing special, the puzzles are challenging but mostly because of the illogical magic puzzles. I finished the game in 3 hours and for the low price of the game it is ok! Not many rooms to explore, you will be going back and forth between the same rooms. The story is also nothing special. But if you are in to these kind of games then i guess you will like it! Find stuff laying around to unlock the next thing to do like all the other games of this genre."
76561197969749884,Not Recommended,326190,23358131,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Sarkoth,"Ok for the price, but the ort isn't that great and the dialogues are horrendous."
,Not Recommended,326190,30091901,Posted: 21 February,all,delineates,"For the price, this is not necessarily a bad game (despite this, I still only recommend it on a sale price). However, had a few elements been implemented better I would happily pay more. I've played through this game twice and I'm still at a loss with the flimsy tale. I feel like this game was meant to be several games/stories pieced together (almost like a trilogy or something and I miss lacking context for a prequel and sequel).Story: Like the concept, but actual gameplay of it is admittedly dodgy. The only real context arrives at the ending, which is fine if the story has been increasingly fleshed out, but don't look for a fully fleshed out story here. Also, several bits of silly script and holes in the story.Graphics: These are okay for what they are, HOGs don't always have the best graphics, therefore I don't expect it (although when a HOG or point and click game has it, I appreciate it all the more). The little cutscenes are a bit blurry. ISSUE: Every now and then I would get a spotted black screen and returning to main menu and then continuing game would fix it... but annoying none the less. At least I didn't have to leave the game entirely.Replay Value: Only for the steam achievements (if you don't get them all the first run-through; part of this was my bad because I did not understand how to play through one of the mini games until I read a walkthrough my 2nd go).Instructions: Poorly written with little to no explanation in terms of the mini-games. Or perhaps some hints for some of the ""tougher"" mini-games would have been nice.I could expound further on this game, but I believe this review succinctly does it justice. It's not horrible, but there are quite a few other HOGs I would recommend ahead of this one."
76561198008914127,Recommended,326190,17816178,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Wuzzerator,"This is a pretty silly game, but I'll start out with the good points:1. The puzzles are generally well pitched with a good combination of fairly to simple to quite difficult (although I did get fed up with one of the final ones involving prisms). Some are quite creative so I didn't feel I was getting the same recycled ones.2. The gameplay length was good at 4 hours.3. It had a nice mix of point and click and hidden object.4. Some of the animation isn't bad at all and some of the music/sound is quite atmospheric.The things which really let it down were:1. Really silly dialogue, particularly at the end. It's really twee and feels enormously rushed.2. My character isn't in the least bit surprised to see ghosts. Nowhere in the intro was I prepared that my character regularly saw these, but she just treated them as a naturally occuring everyday thing!3. Suffers from usual point and click annoyance that you have to return to earlier areas to get an item which wasn't there before. The 'navigation' system is incomprehensible.Overall would recommend if it's a couple of quid and you're only wanting a few hours gameplay."
,Not Recommended,326190,19272328,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Fєαя,"I really wish I could recommened this, but I can't. I was exctied to play this...story seemed intresting and it actually had my attention. But the killer for this game is all the backtracking you will have to do. It's beyond RIDICULOUS. If that isn't bad enough, it's impossible to finish this game without some form of a walkthrough - which honestly takes a lot of the fun out of it.I'm somewhat determind to finish it, only because I wanted to get all the achivements but even then, I'm questioning if it's actually worth it.The puzzles/mini games are all pretty simple. No serious brainwork which is what I was looking for, but 2 of the puzzles are so stupidly frustrating and aggravating I'm questioning why the devs thought it was a good idea to add them in.All in all, if you wanna give the game a go...at lest wait till it's on sale so you can pay under a buck for your future headache."
76561198034714235,Not Recommended,326190,19283120,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,zzzms,"There's way too much repitition in this game.  Endless back and forth to the same locations!  The speech actors have terrible American accents, which is appropriate for the protagonist but not the other, European, characters, which destroys what little atmosphere this game has.  The graphics and animations are pretty naff too, they are occaisonaly laughable, but the novelty soon wears thin.  During the game you are given hints and tips which are sometimes replicated in your journal, but sometimesnot...why?The only plus point is that I got this for 15p and made my money back + several pennies profit selling on the trading cards!"
,Not Recommended,326190,18230598,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Nevermind,"""Too many hidden objects""1/10"
,Recommended,326190,17830333,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,SuperAyzeek,Super!
,Not Recommended,326190,27919359,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Stingygamer,sack of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Only good for the achievements
,Not Recommended,326190,28251338,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,yuru,One of the more boring point and clicks out there
76561198127083717,Not Recommended,326190,32180502,Posted: 4 June,all,nyarla,"The voice acting was so bad it was distracting.The rest was mediocre.The story is very bare bones,simple."
,Not Recommended,326190,19322663,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,BlobfishGoneWild,"Bought it to card farm, didn't make profit.-5/10"
76561198112866114,Not Recommended,326190,29455806,Posted: 23 January,all,kyzka,"WARNING: This game has a serious supernatural theme from start to finish and is not suitable for a ‘genuine’ Christian. This review will also contain spoilers in order to highlight how very careless and ill-informed the games storytelling ability is and how the design mechanics of the game is rather misleading. If I have come to realise anything about jetdogs is that they love to butcher history and cover it up by pleasing a numbed audience with over the top (OTT) animations.The story revolves around the protagonist Eva an orphan inheriting an old estate in Prague from an unknown relative (Carl). Once arrived, you meet Anna (a creepy assistant) and then immediately some apparitions (ghosts) who try to get your attention by freaking you out while at the same time pointing you in various directions so that you can break a spell which prevents you from communicating with the dead. All this has been set up by your nemesis in the game known as the ‘black alchemists’. Once the spells are broken the ghosts inform you that the black alchemists have already created a golem (basically a lobotomised version of the ‘Thing’ from the ‘Fantastic Four’). And are in the process of creating a ‘Super Golem’ (A Godzilla sized Golem) which will then proceed to go on a crushing rampage and destroy the world. To create this monster they need to sacrifice a person who is of royal lineage and you become informed that you are just such a person. Isn’t life a bummer?It seems Carl faked his own death so that you would be lead to this place in Prague where they could kill you at their own leisure. A slight oversight of your father who became aware of these diabolical ‘super golem’ plans and decided to hide you and your sister in different orphanages so that the evil black alchemists could not find you. Needless to say you eventually fault their ‘rule this world’ plan, by finding a ritual which is a kill switch to the golem, all the bad people die ‘off screen’, and you decide to have babies with a guy you have met for 10 seconds, but think he might be someone to live happily ever after with because he didn’t think you were a complete nut job when you mentioned the word ‘reanimated’. The ending is so cheesy that snapping your own neck to save you from this experience might be tempting.Is the game scary? Hell no. The thing is, with old ghost stories or the old black and white horror movies is that instead of showing you everything, they would instead only slightly hint to an  unknown existence. An unknown noise source, a unfamiliar distorted shadow in the distance, a strange unaccustomed flicker of a light, which is much more scarier than flashing cheap comical animations at you of bleeding walls and skeleton hands trying to grab you as they manifest out of nowhere into the present and the like of such simply for cheap thrills. Instead, such notions just robs the story of having any credibility whatsoever.The story is loosely based on a real story about a rabbi who was stated of having successfully created a golem in Prague. Since Jewish times a Golem always referred to clay/mud being magically brought into existence and is somewhat at the beck and call of the one who brings the monster into being. The concept all stems from the first man Adam being formed out of dust and being a shell of a person (a golem) before God brought him into existence with the breath of life. Jewish folklore has always been fascinated with this concept of whether a casing of a person can be formed first out of the ground and life be transported into it somehow and they often pointed to Psa 139:16 as being proof that such an earthly Frankenstein concept must be at least feasible.This notion was carried throughout all the various offshoots of the Jewish religion including one known as Kabbalah which eventually gave birth to Qabalah. Qabalah united the occult with the Christian Cabalistic movements. How? Basically they believe that god produced us all through manifestations and that we are all connected with him because of that. They believe that these emanations can be divided into 10 (astrology influenced) spectral worlds from which they can map 22 paths of spiritual light which they have mapped out into a branching tree form, which they call the ‘tree of life’ and each path of light can hold the attributions of various beings such as Archangel Michael, the Roman Mercury God, The Egyptian god Thoth and finally they believe that this light can communicate/influence us through a tarot deck being 22 cards. They believe that this is God’s way of talking with them. However why is the occult involved? This is simply because they believe God is equally evil and that evil is a quality of God, therefore to get to know God one also has to get to know/communicate with the evil (Satan).A Jewish Rabbi known as Maharal who was heavily involved in the Qabalah movement was reported to have been successful in finally creating a golem which he used to defend Prague against anti-Semitic and pogroms. Story goes that Jews were being slaughtered by the hundreds under the rule of Rudolf the second, but out of desperation this Rabbi was able to mould a life form out of clay and bring it to life by using some ancient forgotten Hebrew rituals and incantations. This clay man was scary to the Jews enemies because it could appear out of nowhere as if it was invisible. It was also able to bring other dead spirits back with it, further terrifying the Jews enemies.If this was the Golem the ‘black alchemists’ were to bring to life, they did not do their research very well. The golem was unable to do any evil bidding on the Sabbath and was deactivated by means of a chanted psalm or an implanted psalm being pulled from its body. Also four letters were written on its forehead and if one was to rub off the first letter the whole thing would fall back into a pile of rocks and clay. So by no means was the Golem ever considered to be invincible.In fact, eventually the Rabbi was forced to deactivate his own monster for good as he forgot to deactivate it before one Sabbath and it went on a murderous rampage killing the Jews as well. The Golems remains was then stored in the attic of the Genizah where very few people have been permitted to cast their look upon. Even to this very day the attic is heavily guarded and some wonder what secrets it really contains. Some rabbis who were privileged enough to venture into the attic claimed that they were completely terrified by what they saw, one stating that he did see a figure of a man wrapped up. No one has ever been able to say what exactly is in the attic if anything.While the game never accurately portrays the same occult rituals that qabalah uses to communicate with the devil and various pagan gods, it DOES go out of its way to MIMIC such rituals and practices which one would seriously question if this was a healthy form of entertainment. Personally I don’t take the matter of the occult lightly as the occult has a tendency to attract some VERY UNSAVOURY characters along with the curious, and unfortunately it is the curious that often fall prey to such ones. Take for instance a local girl who used to live by me. One day she became curious and seriously looked into the occult befriending two members. In a very short amount of time due to her gullibility and naivety they were able to gain her trust and on her birthday they gave her the present of stabbing her to death. The occult is NOT a light hearted subject to be made fun of.When you have a huge company like Jetdogs who are supposed to be all about family entertainment and casual gaming you wonder where their ethics lie at times, is it just with cheap thrills? OTT animation and just bringing in the ones and zeroes? Or are they determined to produce wholesome entertainment? I feel as empty now as the Golem."
,Recommended,326190,25522663,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Shark^,"My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, 'If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately.'. Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- 'Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through."" I agreed. At 28, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway."
76561198134678166,Recommended,326190,18760430,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,lokethecheetah,"The story is cringeworthy with unconvincing voice acting. The puzzles and hidden object areas range from easy to hard, with the exception of the ungodly prism puzzle near the end. You will know what I'm talking about when you get to it. The best thing about this game is that using hints doesn't keep you from getting achievements, even in advanced mode. I got the game on sale, and I have to say that I don't regret buying or playing it."
,Not Recommended,326190,18755934,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,It's Devvo Mate,This game is so cheesy.No jumpscares just creepy faces fading in then fading out.Was waaaay too long got bored twards the end.
76561197983266915,Recommended,326190,18847811,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Tottie_scone,"Got this on a silly price deal , I think it was like 7p , so an ominous start?This is one of those games that on install my Virus Killer flagged as infected , seeing as it was  a steam game it was taken as a false positive , I checked it with another vk scanner , no problem found. There must be some dodgy torrent cracked steam version with a trojan confusing AVG and Avira. Anyway , on to the review.I have literally bought nearly 21 HOG games in the last few weeks , a few from Jetdogs , all have worked....ish.I have to say I like the companies work , and of course the pricing matered to redress any faults.Overall if your a fan of HOG games , rock on , if not they are cheap enough to aid with badge creation for steam."
,Recommended,326190,18959468,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Pewpsicle,Great value for the play factor.... even some pieces of scary stuff..... Thanks for multi level (difficulty that is) puzzles.  So enjoy hidden object with a decent backdrop of puzzles and story line.  Nice graphics too......
,Not Recommended,326190,18950482,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,giamic,"Nice for some casual gaming, but nothing special: puzzles are a bit repetitive, the graphic is nice but lacks of definition and of creativity, the story is dull. I wouldn't recommend it, but it is decent."
,Recommended,326190,18378079,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Minister,It's an OK HO game!
,Recommended,326190,18380244,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,dwerhs,gg
76561198050615244,Recommended,326190,18423059,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,cleavear,"It's a good game, worth the price. Very good visuals, a great history, and the mini-games (puzzles) are so good too.I think this game is a kind of Interactive visual novel, beautiful, enjoyable, or a good game for to just pass time.For this price, It's a ""must have"", I think.Moreover this game runs on Linux too!:)"
76561198043293729,Recommended,326190,18364728,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Grim,Impressive
76561198042155654,Not Recommended,326190,18322678,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,the-7th-house,"While its not a terrible game , its not great . Story is stiff at best , voice acting poor and knowing where to go next is very confusing at times. map is very little help.All in all glad I only paid 10p in sale for this one , though it did kill a few hours."
76561197973052125,Recommended,326190,18154265,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Lord Dyran,"A solid hidden object games with the typical problems of the genre.  The art design is pretty good, but it's hampered by a low resolution.  The story is interesting enough but hampered by mediocre voice acting and poor animation.  The puzzles are standard fare; although there are a few instances of misnaming (like ""watch"" instead of ""clock), there are few standouts, and you are not penalized for using a hint when necessary.All in all, one of the better HOGs I've played."
76561198137201199,Recommended,326190,18619029,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,stephekank,"The story was really weird, but you might like it if you enjoyed the full-metal alchemast series. Honestly I thought it was kind of creepy, and didn't fully make sense."
,Not Recommended,326190,18826838,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Palemka,"Really bad hidden object game. You can't really figure out what to do next, because it's illogical. Sometimes place you're searching is empty, then few minutes later item that you need suddenly appears there.Hidden object scenes was also really bad. When you had to connect random things, cursor didn't change at all, which made it difficult, because sometimes you had to use items from your inventory, sometimes you had to connect things from the scene, and sometimes just move random stuff, and it was all counter-intuitive.Puzzles were hard and sometimes explanation for them was really vague.Story was kinda meh. I was bored almost all the time when playing this game. The only positive thing here is the lenght - it's really short so I finished it fast."
,Recommended,326190,18223311,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,The Undying One,"This game is great in every way. Though its graphics are not as great as some, the storyline makes over for this. A carryover for this would be great. One of the 'best' games I have played, keep it up!"
76561198083735131,Recommended,326190,18212009,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,☜═㋡ Ned ㋡═☞,"From time to time i take a break from the hardcore gaming and decide to relax with an hidden object game ,and i do not regret purchasing this game ,it is fun and it will keep you busy for the couple of the hours .i enjoyed the game  and i would recomend it"
,Recommended,326190,18171962,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Sheep!,"Prague Legends is not without a few flaws, but it's above average for a hidden-object game.  The graphics were pleasant (ironically, they were weakest in the actual HO scenes) with a clever four-perspective mechanism that builds rooms out of four individual views, much like an Escape-the-Room game.  The soundtrack was pleasant and unobtrusive and the voice acting was pretty good.  Writing/translation was fine, although the protoganist has the common HOG affliction of regularly narrating her own circumstances to herself.  The action flowed along without need for the hint button, thanks to a very effective Map, and an indicator of your current goal at any time.  Difficulty of the puzzles and minigames was consistent throughout, and somewhat on the easier end of the spectrum.In terms of weaknesses, I managed to once (but only once) hang the game up so severely that I needed to close it from the Task Manager, and a few times I had issues with screens not loading, requiring me to navigate around with the Map until the problem stopped.  The story is sound enough, riffing off the legend of the Golem of Prague, but the characters are painted in extraordinarily broad strokes, and there's a romantic interest akwardly stapled onto the story who adds absolutely nothing.Overall, not perfect, but definitely better than much of the shovelware that fills the HOG ranks.  I recommend."
76561198062081814,Recommended,326190,18177878,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,[ICEMAN]~[G-UNIT],FUN!
,Recommended,326190,18263492,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Kirua,"Really good hidden object game although hard and a bit unfair overall. The map is very convenient once you get used to it, and it would be nearly impossible to beat the game without hints if not for it (even with the map it's really cryptic at times).+ Good setting, every scene is pleasant to look at+ Interesting story, captivating enough and with a good atmosphere+ Some interesting puzzles- Some really cryptic game progress and weird backtracking (although the map allows you to instantly travel which is nice)- The love interest part of the story is really out of place and unsettling. You see the guy for 1 minute total and he looks like Robert Pattinson with long hair, which is scarier than the ghosts in the game."
76561198014270987,Not Recommended,326190,18225692,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Fern,"I really like point&click, so when I saw this one, with good reviews, I went for it. I started playing it... And then I read the reviews... Don't thumb up if the game is bad ><To sum up :- Poor and predictable story.  You are literally thrown into it, with a small and uninformative cut scene. You manage to gather unsurprising informations about your origins given by caricatural characters.- Awful gameplay. Each location has 4 different points of view. And there are a lot of locations. Thank god you can teleport using the map.- Twisted story line. At some point I was so clueless about what to do I had to use the indications on the map to know where to go. Or go back. There are way too many item to gather and multiple parallel threads to follow at the same time.- Repetitive.- Too many poorly made ""jump scares""- What the hell was this conclusion!Maybe I'm a little harsh, but I have played a lot of P&C, and this one was a deception. Fortunately it was on sale."
76561198079789371,Not Recommended,326190,19056236,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Brass Demon,"I happen to live in Prague and have heard the legend f the golem from several sources, so I was curious. And then disappointed.The game is technically well made - nice graphics, lots of effects and animations, every room has four screens and you rotate your view between them. And that's about as positive as it gets.The story is weak, but I didn't have any high expectations. Worse - gameplay sucks. There is no flow. There are some instances where you find something and your heroine says ""I remember that..."" you've come across a situation where your new-found treasure will help. But most of the time, you don't know what to do next, so you just check your map for an active region (or follow hints). You go there and something has changed, without any apparent reason, so you can progress.No, thank you, there are tons of much better HOG games."
76561198016437391,Not Recommended,326190,19404500,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,onemancrowd,"First off, if you're a big enough fan of Hidden Object games, you'll probably still enjoy this.However, it falls down in a few key areas. The progression often doesn't make sense. The story is key events punctuated by wandering around. Most of the supplementary puzzles are uninteresting.I bought the game on deep discount and feel like I got my money's worth, but I would not pay much for it."
76561198048616935,Recommended,326190,19372612,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,danielekwest,"Quite possibly one of the best games I've played this year, period."
76561198117084746,Not Recommended,326190,19766623,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,david0mcclung,"I enjoy hidden object games, but I just didn't care for this one."
,Recommended,326190,20165103,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,bhcalcutta,"Not a bad game, but there is no way I'd have completed the body of this without consulting a walk through, there's a lot of tooing & froing to collect various pieces and hints, and no logic to this at all.The hidden object aspect is good and well balanced, but the logic games can be PITA.Reasonable amount of replay value as the puzzles changeWorth buying, even at full price80/100"
76561198059899180,Recommended,326190,24352468,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,darkthing999,"Very fun game I bought a while back and finally got around to playing. Not super challenging, but very entertaining and has a good storyline for a point and click adventure. Some of the puzzles are relatively difficult and the game takes about four hours total to beat. Overall, 8/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,326190,22852381,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,ratych,Usual hidden objects game with good price.
76561198060686749,Not Recommended,326190,24368930,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Rejutka Lupex,"Beautifully made, very nice graphics, but unfortunately completely counter-intuitive and confusing.The game feels as if at the last minute it has been decided to rearrange the order of tasks you have to do, with no clues telling you that you're doing them in the wrong order.I find a sheet of paper which makes the character exclaim ""Now I can unlock the box!"". 'Great', I think, 'lets do that'. Unfortunately, the symbols on the page don't match those at the box, and every attempt to logically deduct the correct symbols fails.Why? Because I shouldn't yet try to unlock the box! I have to find the books first in which the code is explained.Later on the task hint (nice feature, tells you what to do next - unfortunately it's often wrong) tells me to assemble the ""magical lamp"".What lamp? No idea. How to assemble it? No clue.Probably there is something I missed, a book, or character telling me about it. But instead of saying ""I don't know how to do this"", the game leads me to believe I should somehow know which parts to gather and how to assemble them..."
76561198173457771,Recommended,326190,23514979,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,moon2stars,"Good HOG.  Puzzles were alittle different, but good and slightly challenging.  I didn't have problems running the game on Win 7.  I would recommend."
76561198243215286,Recommended,326190,23665890,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,fissagod,"Wow, this game sure was more than I expected it to be! And the graphics are really good in my opinion. Some puzzles or things are a little hard to solve, though if you really can't figure out what to do there's a hint option thankfully!"
76561198165561778,Recommended,326190,23890802,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Vinnie,"I was pleasantly surprised by this game's quality mechanics and difficulty. I expected a standard hidden object game with some point and click adventure elements as well as great graphics, but it turned out that this game is a very well built and complex adventure game with hidden object elements merged in, and excellent graphics.Alchemy Mysteries is like a classic point and click adventure game, with brilliant graphics, that uses hidden object scenes for obtaining certain objects, where you are faced with a rather challenging task when it comes for finding certain item use solutions. I'm glad that I've stumbled upon this game becasue I didn't expect it to be this well-made. There are several parts with riddles, which are not very frustrating, and blend in with the plot nicely. If you're a fan of casual games that have the aforementioned traits, you shouldn't be disappointed with Alchemy Mysteries: Prague Legends."
,Recommended,326190,23806005,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Avenger001,"This game has a 30 minute story that spans across 3-4 hours of gameplay. So, it's short. But the puzzles and the hidden object segments are OK. The dialogue (yes, it has that) is cringeworthy at best, but it serves it purpose to carry the story. For the price, I'd say the game is worth it, especially if you like puzzle or hidden object games."
,Recommended,326190,24782098,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,DBMONK,"this has really good puzzles and really good hidden oject games too. The ending leaves a lot to be desired, hopefully theres a sequel out there."
,Not Recommended,326190,22925297,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Nes Cartridge,"It's something to do if you're bored and just want to sit around relaxing, it has a mysterious atmosphere at first but then you figure out that alot of the ghosts and skeleton effects don't bring anything at all to the story. Speaking of story it's an ok plot, would be better if they didn't explain things 5 thousand times, I get the other characters need to know the information but the player doesn't need to sit through it, also it would be soo much better with out the cheesy halloween effects and would provide more realism to the events taking place, and be prepared for a dissapointing ending.It ends with an ""yeah you did it"" ending, like no epic fight or cutsceneIt's not bad for the price and I would reccomend it for long trips as something casual to do."
76561198117374265,Recommended,326190,22912015,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,BatGirlJack,"This game is ok. A pretty generic hidden object game where everything is pretty easy. Some of the mini games were fun; I really enjoyed the laser puzzle. I did have a bunch of tech glitches where the screen suddenly looks like a star field, but if you close and return to main menu, then it reopens fine and you can keep playing."
,Recommended,326190,22931910,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Taylorgg12,"I bought this game during the 2015 Christmas sale. It only took me a day to complete it. I really enjoyed it. I thought that the puzzles were difficult enough to challenge me but simple enought that I didn't get too frustrated. It's another average hidden object game, not much more to say to it. The art was quite pleasant. I think the only thing I disliked was the dubbing but that's a personal issue more than an actual flaw with the game. I do recommned that you play this if you are a fan of hidden object games."
,Recommended,326190,22815453,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Andchan,gameplay kinda buggy. Puzzles were fun. The end was ??????????????
,Recommended,326190,20989666,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,majorawake,pro:+Short and easy game.+The cards regain your money.+Good way to spend time when you don't know what to do...Cons:-Acting suck♥♥♥♥♥-The ''story'' is awful like the ending-THE ♥♥♥♥ING PRISM! (you will know if you play)-...Boring...(Normal it's HO game)6.5/10 Still better than that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ sinister city!
,Not Recommended,326190,19379581,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,WidescreenRules,"To be blunt, this game was very, very annoying. There was very little for me to like about this game. Unline the various hidden object games from companies like Artifex Mindi, I found this game to be very tedious and difficult to follow.The inappropriate voice acting left a great deal to be desired. Although the lead wasn't horrible, the majority of the characters were completely out of place. Since when do all people (and ghosts) in Prague speak with vague Brooklyn and generic American accents?Just about all of the hidden object sequences required interaction with your inventory, which completely breaks the flow. More often than not, you have to leave the hidden object game to find whatever it is that you don't have in your inventory.There were several times where I was given no indication of where I needed to go to continue with the game. Even on the easy level, you will find yourself relying on the Help/Hint button to tell you where to go because the map shows no indication.THe game also has a serious bug where hitting the Hint button or changing to the area just left or right results in the background disappearing and going completely to black. The only way to get the background back was to go to the map and use it to enter that same room.Additionally, there are multiple instances with a green exclamation point in an area on the map, meaning that there was something to do there; but when you press the Hint button, it tells you to LEAVE THE ROOM!!! Then, why are you telling me that there's something to do in that room?! This happens CONSTANTLY throughout the game!The game also has no tolerance for switching to another app while it's running. I had it crash and exit multiple times when daring to briefly switch to another application.Finally, the story is disjointed and uninteresting. Don't misunderstand me. Hidden object games rarely have deep plots and story lines that I find intriguing; however, this storyline was very difficult to follow. The voice acting and reliance on the Hint button to progress through the game did not help.I don't understand why this game, as I write this, has a ""very positive"" review. It's so badly done compared to games from Aritfex Mundi and others, frustrating to navigate, hard to listen to, and has such a disjointed storyline that I ended up finishing it only to get it finished. If you must have this because you want the achievements or the trading cards, do youself a favor and wait until you can find it on a deep discount."
76561198013914895,Not Recommended,326190,22604378,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,kijikun,"Don't buy this game. Bad voice acting, clumsy pacing, and don't even get me started on the puzzles."
76561198281184814,Not Recommended,326190,22336160,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,C@tMore,"Although a lot of hidden object games have good vs evil, I found that this game especially was very demonic driven and therefore I aborted the game early on. I just did not feel confortable to continue with it. Of cause it is for each person to decide themselves."
76561198197896761,Not Recommended,326190,24616536,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,trueangelcool,"In this HOG Eva comes to Prague because of an inheratance. Eva also wants to know about her past. While trying to find clues about her past little did she know that her journey will take a crazy for the turn.I'll be honest this HOG game bored me. I don't really know why. Perhaps maybe it's because the story felt rushed? In my opinion I felt the story was rushed. All I know is that this HOG bored me. It also had the potential to be much scarier because this HOG does have some jumpscares.The VA wasn't that good, the art was ok. the bg was ok, the characters I couldn't care for because u don't really get to know them a lot, and at least the music I liked a lot. In fact I think I only liked the music a lot in this HOG LOL. Everything else not to much.Ok I really hated how this had u roatate to navigate the room. It was slow and sometimes made me dizzy. This is the first HOG to do that and I hope it's the last to do this. Thankfully the map was really useful as u can fast travel to a location.The HOG scenes I hated to. It was low resolution and grainy. Also u actually had to find other items in your inventory to use in the HOG. This is also a first time that a HOG has done this. Also some items was just hard to find.I abused the heck out of the hint button because I kept getting stuck a lot LOL. Way way way to much backtracking. With all that backtracking I forgot where to pick things along the way and where the items go.All in all I really didn't enjoy playing this HOG. I think I got this one because it was on sale. Though I really can't remember if I paid full price or not,"
76561198081123564,Not Recommended,326190,25125466,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Danny,Not a good usual HOG but the only thing kept me going till completing the whole game is the story. Developer should make this game more refined especially on graphics.
,Not Recommended,326190,20387410,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Submarine Fish & Knuckles,"Introduction:They put jumpsacres in a hidden object game... WTF M8! Here I am, 2 o'clock in the morning with my face glued to the monitor that way I don't miss some stupid small detail... and then a ghost makes me♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants... WHYYYYYY?Pros:- It is kinda fun and feels better than many hidden object games- Has some cool cutscenes and animations- Great creepy background musicCons:- Inconsistent puzzle difficulty (some are easy some are f**king ridiculous)- The smallest things are what you need- A lot of puzzles make no sense- The story and ending are god awful"
,Recommended,326190,26550148,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,ed209,"Nice 2D artwork & polished design and the story is interesting enough.. I was expecting a more scary experience after reading some reviews, but in reality it is very mild. The game is fairly easy to beat - the puzzles are simple, yet fun. The overly enthusiastic voice-overs can be annoying at times.. (as usual). Overall quite good!"
,Recommended,326190,27850959,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,MaxAV,"Good HO game, quite original in some ways.2 or 3 in-games are not very funny but good game overall.7/10."
76561198167669376,Recommended,326190,27803724,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Belvedere Hellcase.com,Very good game! I espexialy liked the story!
76561198262812260,Not Recommended,326190,26708070,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,claymaker,"This is a NUETRAL review. okay game to pass the time. typical plot but could have been better. graphics were okay. subpar vioce acting. had a glitch where a few of the hidden object scenes would disapear while trying to move an object. i could back out of it and in again to see the scene again but the same thing would happen. had to skip the scene to progress which for those going for all the badges makes it very frustrating. found the puzzles pretty easy. not the best HOG by far, but not the worst either.5/10"
,Recommended,326190,17729309,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a Hidden object and point and click game.Interface/Menu/SettingsHas multiple different profile slots available.It has a music volume slidebar available.It has a sound volume slidebar available.You can choose between Fullscreen and windowed mode.You can play advanced or casual mode.About the game.You are a girl that is inside of the house, a house full of ""spookiness"". It will all start in your room, You will try to find a way to escape the room and then suddenly a ghost will appear. You will have to find objects and complete puzzles in order to receive other items. Slowly by slowly you will reveal the secrets. Clicking too much during hidden object will give you a small penalize with a spooky ghost. :D Sometimes you need to add inventory items to hidden objects and make them whole again.It has some Horror Elements. I wouldn't define them as jumpscares but you could be suprised.Has a story.Smooth screen rotation.The text is voiced over.It has video scenes.There is a hint System. Even during hidden objects.You have a map with markable icons on it. Including a Legend that explains it.Other things.Not that i can think of.-------------------I Give this game a 7/10"
,Recommended,326190,28656576,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,eaturbyfill,"I would rate this as a medium-quality hidden object game, about 6/10. It has the elements you would expect: an interesting yet cheesy story, decent puzzles, and achievements similar to those found in other HOG titles on Steam. I can see this game taking anywhere from 3 - 6 hours, depending on the individual. I recommend this game to fans of the genre."
,Recommended,326190,28332469,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Acerayl,"I have spent about 6 hours playing Alchemy Mysteries: Prague Legends, and that includes starting over when I was half way through the game for an achievement. The game is a good entry for those new to puzzle games, it was not too difficult and there really is no re-play value (there usually isn’t in a puzzle game), so expect 3-6 hours of play if you take your time and enjoy the game. If you are a hard core puzzle game player you may not enjoy this, but when it is on sale it can make a good gift to the newbie puzzle player with a decent story."
,Recommended,326190,28637262,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Odd@nt,"This game is very good, i played it because i am learning korean and there is korean interface (awesome). Beside the cheesy storyline, I think the graphics and catchy musics and sounds are visually blowing. I've seen many negative comments like ""that game is bad, blah blah"" but what did they expect when they bought a game less than 2$ ? Of course this is not a new-gen game with tones of mind-blowing effects, this is not the same price tho and not the same financial start, also not the same type of players. I mean I can't imagine the number of hours of making such a game, also knowing that it will not be famous or something, developpers rock !"
76561198173131854,Recommended,326190,29093385,Posted: 7 January,all,Just Ducky,"Typical game of this kind.  Play on expert for a challenge.  Some of the hints and puzzles are vague, I suppose that is the challenge.  Definitely get the game if it is on sale or part of a bundle."
76561198000942621,Recommended,326190,23124444,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,BrainVat!!,"This game is a great audio/visual experience. The atmospehere is a little spooky and mysterious. It kinda reminds me of Syberia. The graphics are what they are, not state-of-the-art, but not crappy, fitting for the genre. The music is very nice and it adds to the ambiance. I found the game to be a bit short, but still very fun. It can be really relaxing and absorbing, but it's length gives it a quick run through. Replayability is almost nonexistant: if you play through on easy, maybe play it again on advanced. Playing through on advanced the first time is all you need. The puzzles present different levels of challenge, advanced mode adds a bit I think, but overall, it's finishable without losing sleep. Check it out if you like point and click games or spooky/horror genre games."
76561198170429059,Recommended,326190,29762420,Posted: 7 February,all,Alucard257,Excellent hidden object game the story was good the puzzles were challenging very much enjoyed playing this game.
