user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,326480,18213878,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Xenomorph_0001,"I told my friends I was idling for cards.I lied.Edit; Crap. You put me on the front page, here is a real review.Let me start this honestly. I am totally biased. If My Heart Had Wings is the first Visual Novel I ever played, and I love it with all of my little heart. Also in case you didn't notice I've played this game for more than 900 hours, and only 20 of those hours were idle. I've run through each route in this game at least 15 times, and I can actually speak really crappy Japanese because of this game. In addition, I've spent more money on this game for the badges, emoticons, cards, extra cards and backgrounds.So yeah, I am biased.If you chose to continue thanks, and here's the review;The good parts of this game are extremely good, and the bad parts of this game are extremely bad.So here is the good.1. The characters are well fleshed out, being both fully voice acted and having logical lives and choices. Sure each of them are anime tropes, but the tropes are presented so well that they work here. Ageha is the generic tomboy, Kotori is trapped in a wheel chair, Amane is the innocent genius, the twin's are polar opposites of eachother that rarely agree. Ageha's suggestive dialogue makes you smile, and Kotori's fears are understandable. Even Amane's childlike innocence is presented in conjunction with her hopes for the future, and living up to what it means to be an adult.2. Next is the art, it's not the crazy excess.....of certain areas.....of the Sakura series, or the strange realism of more ""American"" anime. Here the character's are mostly normal. This is a personal preference, but I certainly appreciate it.3. The routes are also well done. Kotori's, of course, is the main route and does have the most story, and in the words of most reviewers ""it got da feels"". But, personally, Kotori is not my favorite route. I enjoy Ageha's more, as a matter of fact Ageha's route was the first I completed. Her personality develops as much as Kotori's on the route and becomes as complex as Kotori's. The same happens with Amane's route. The twins' routes are probably the least interesting, but still work well.There is more good like the soundtrack, the dialogue, and the story itself but it's time to move onto the bad stuff.1. Moenovel, and censoring. These are probably the most obvious problems. The game was originally published in Japan, and was translated by Moenovel. They did a pretty crappy job of it. Not only are their many horrible typos, and brutal censorship, they also directly detract from the story. One moment in particular always breaks the immersion. At one point Ageha is explaing that a women can control any man with her big, bouncy, round....eyes. Now, we all know that ""eyes"" is definetely not the right word. This comment which could have gotten a laugh without censorship really crushes me. I have played this game with the fan-created restoration patch, but it is agony to install.Overall, I think this game gains a solid 8/10 for most people and a 9.5/10 for me, mostly due to nostalgia. Definetely worth the purchase at full price, and a steal for less than $5.Thanks for reading, this is my first legitimate review so please feel free tell me if there is something I should mention, or something I could improve on.Another edit; Just hit 500 hours. Currently very proud of myselfOne more edit; Thanks for voting this review to the top of the store page, I appreciate it alot.Even more edits; 200 voters?! Thanks so much everyone!I need to stop editing this; Thanks to steam user;The Enlightenmentfor pointing out that there is a partially complete (and free!) app for android and iOS of If My Heart Had Wings. Moenovel is updating it slowly, and the app is about 25% of the story.This must take forever to read; 300 people! Wow. Thanks again guys.Just keep adding, just keep adding; Thanks for getting this to 400 people!More edits; Thanks for getting this to 500 people and still having a 99% rating, it's very appreciated.I think the edits are longer than the review now; 600 people! Woohoo! Thanks everyone!The amount of edits is getting ridiculous; 700!? Thanks again everyone!A new edit; I didn't even now that there were 800 people in the whole world.Más edit; 900 people, still 99% Thanks so much!Edit #1000; 1,000 people! Now that's a milestone! We lost a precent somewhere along the way, but thanks anyways!Nominated for Best Thing Ever Award 2016God dang the edits have returned: Thanks for all the 1000 hour congragulations! I still haven't hit the goal, I think my soul will explode once I do! But one of these days I'll actually hit that milestone."
,Recommended,326480,13603775,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Ryan,Things I've learnt from playing this game:Stuff about gliders.That my childhood friend is rather cute.How to romance a disabled girl.My senpai is a strange one.Twin girls are adorable.That my life is very lonely :cWould recommend!
,Recommended,326480,13081608,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,★水Pikachu-Seal★水,Talked to more girls than I ever did in my entire life in under a few minutes.11/10Hooray!
,Not Recommended,326480,23106980,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Lysis,"TL;DR: Buy this game to support the devs (and support the devs only), and then get the Japanese version and patch it with the upcoming translation patch!I would like to recommend this game, I really would. In fact- I do recommend it. However, I don't recommend you bother with this steam version of the game. While the story is pretty good as visual novels go, this particular version is mired with two main issues: heavy censorship and blind-idiot translation.The censorship is one thing- it's a bit Orwellian in this case how far they've gone to make it completely PG, to the point of completely destroying one character's route (rather famously), but to be honest this is the lesser problem. What the slightly bigger problem is that they haven't done anything to deal with the voices, which sometimes end up saying the uncensored lines instead (I'm pretty sure you don't need any formal education in Japanese to be able to distinguish the words breasts and eyes).But again, this is fine in comparison to the real reason why I cannot recommend this game: from what I can tell, it was translated by a lot of different people, some of which did not know the characters at all, and their raw translations were mashed together to create the final product. Really, there are points where characters apparently change gender in the middle of a scene multiple times. There are cases I remember where one character's name (which is SPOKEN IN THE DIALOGUE) is replaced by another's. Honorfic translations are inconsistent (if I remember correctly) and this also creates a slight amount of confusion.You know it's bad when you're reading a visual novel in your native language and you're correcting mistakes in the translation (incorrect nouns for the most part) from listening to the voice track.APPEND: Wow, I didn't know lots of people agreed with my opinion. To continue what I was saying, the visual novel I would like to recommend is Kono Oozora ni Tsubasa wo Hirogete. However, I cannot say this, as I, as with the majority of people playing the game, cannot read Japanese well enough [or at all] to fully enjoy this game. Therefore I am taking this game for face-value from the Moe-Novel adaptation.To extend: The Moe-Novel translation is poor, and suffer from very large QC problems. It also has censorship, which unlike many others, I can accept. If it is for the sake of us getting the game on Steam at all, I'd rather have a censored game (see The Fruit of Grisaia) than no game at all. The story is pretty stable enough to support the game without any sexual content, but it is a shame that they decided to set their target audience so low as to have to warp the story of one route to allow for this. Had they only aimed for a 15-17 target audience, then honestly I wouldn't see there being many problems.As you may know, there is a uncensoring patch available, which also tauts having an improved translation. I have used this patch as well (hence the broken gametime associated with this account) and I can confirm the uncensoring works as intended. However, I cannot say that I found the translation any more consistent and accurate than the original MoeNovel one, even during scenes that weren't in the censored game. If you are looking for a simple hentai fix, then this patch should serve you well, but if you are looking for a game with proper quality controlled translations, then I cannot in good faith say it is any better than the original.I can appreciate people downvoting my review. I can do this because I have been in your position as well, having a game with a good story that you enjoy that works perfectly well for your standards. But this game is different, so much that I cannot defend it. Having a game this long and the localisation team did not care about it is pathetic. Look at Sekai Project's localisations for an example for how you can have a long visual novel that is translated fairly consistently well. I'm not saying they have no problems, but I can assure you that if I took a shot every time I found a mistake in one of their localisations, I'd be fine by the end of the visual novel. If I did it for this, even for the ""patched"" version, I'd be hammered in well under half an hour."
,Recommended,326480,14428186,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Lottabun,Proved to my parents that I'm not gay.
,Recommended,326480,13091082,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Sarah,"9/10Beautiful art.Great soundtrack.Enjoyable characters.Only missing one thing, you know what I mean. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Not Recommended,326480,14812302,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Dragoon,"Edit: It seems I get quite a bit of friend requests because of this review. If you plan to add me, please make your profile public as I like to see who I am dealing with.Okay, spoiler alert: DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!Oh God, where to start? This has made me so FREAKING MAD.Now disregard the 0 hours I have on this, I have about 24 hours in the patched uncensored Japanese version.It uses the same translation as the steam version and the adult scenes are fan translated.Now the ""company"" called Moenovel has made a ""translation"" of this game, or it should be.The translation is outright terrible! I don't know what incompetent idiots they hired, but they sure as hell aren't translators.About a good 20 hours into the game, it simply gets really really bad, they're mixing up names.A few examples are:1) At some point they're having dinner and they translate ""Hai-yo"", which means ""(yo) sure"", but translated it as ""Mornin'"" instead.2) ""Amane plus knife equals dangerous... You take care of her, Aoi!"" And instead of Aoi, she mentioned Kana.3) Masatsugu: ""Ou- Ouch! Ah! Ageha!"" which should be ""Oh, over there! Heeeeey! Agehaaaa!""4) (This is seriously the next line) Ma-bou is Masatsugu's nickname ""Huh? Geez, you're such a baby! And so is Kumoi.""which again should be ""Oh hey, if it isn't Ma-bou! And Akari is here too."" (Akari is the first name of Kumoi.)5) And this isn't the last time they misinterpret ""ita ita"" as ""Ouch!"", such is the case here: ""Ummm... Ah! Ouch!"" which again should be ""Ummm... Ah! Over there!""6) They also can't tell remarks apart from questions, such as translating ""uaa, honto da!"" as ""Wow, really?"" instead of ""Wow, it really is!"".7) Again mixing up names: ""Habane-san wa?"" as ""And Aoi?"" instead ""Habane is?"" or ""Kotori is?"", since they always mention her by her first name for some reason.8) Again a simply idiotic mistranslation here ""Are te...?"" as ""Arrrrgh"" instead of ""Isn't that...?"".9) Did I also mention these people can't speak English? ""Did you forget about that those legs of yours?""10) ""Do you have a twin?"" instead of ""Where are the twinsisters?"" After that our protagonist talks about ramen,but since he doesn't have a voice and I don't have the Japanese text here I am not sure what it said, but he completely fails  to mention anything about the twins here in English.So I mentioned 10 points in a game timespan of about 30 minutes! BUT THAT'S NOT FREAKING ALL!There is much more! I guess they somewhat made the beginning a bit less bad,since that only consists of mistranslations and typos.After the 22 hour mark they just plainly give up and put whatever crap they can come up with there.I suppose they didn't expect anybody to read this for more than 20 hours anyway.Is this what the visual novel scene has come to?Translations made by incompetent idiots that do a worse job than google translate?Apparently yes, if you scroll up you can see that this game has a ""very positive"" rating, VERY FREAKING POSITIVE!Either the players of this are very forgiving and hope the next VN translation is going to be better or steam just hates quality.Now enough about the translation, for the game itself it PAINS me to not being able to recommend this.It's such a lovely novel, the characters are very cute and likeable, has a good story that keeps you interested and the art is great!I really love this novel, but that's exactly why I can't let this pass. The company has to pay for this pathetic excuse for a translation.So if you want to support the VN, buy the Japanese version instead, but not this one.And as you might have seen, this one has been majorly censored, anything ""adult"" is censored out.They even censored the kissing scenes! CENSORED! KISSING! That's ridiculous!There is a patch to uncensor the steam version, but it's very buggy. Which is the reason I decided to download the Japanese version instead.So yeah, if you want to support a localization company, support Sekai Project or Manga Gamer instead."
,Recommended,326480,13725699,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,grapevine,My friends and family may think i'm a loser. But jokes on them they don't have a qt wheelchair gf10/10
,Recommended,326480,13073648,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,General James Longstreet,"DISCLAIMER: I love this game so much I literally bought it again just to have it on steam.I'm so excited!!! Okay, here we go.""If My Heart Had Wings"" is a beautiful and touching Visual Novel rivaled only by the likes of Katawa Shoujo. It is eroge and bishoujo; it's not a porn game, but there are adult themes and elements. The soundtrack is SUPERB. The plot is intriguing and every character is incredibly fleshed out. No two paths are anything close to being alike. Speaking of paths, there are multiple ways this VN can play out, as is typical of VN. All of them are deep and emotionally satisfying. I literally had to take a day off work the day I got this game the first time because I couldn't tear myself away from the story. The only VN I've ever loved more than this one is Katawa Shoujo, and I keep mentioning it because there are so many parallels that can be drawn from this VN to that one.In the story.... JUST KIDDING!! There are no spoilers in this review!!TL;DRIt will make your cold dead heart feel alive again. Great music, great art, amazingly detailed characters and story.A Must-have!DID I MENTION THE DUCK WITH THE TOP HAT?EDIT: Here is a link to the site that restores the erotic contenthttp://fuwanovel.org/novels/if-my-heart-had-wings-restoration-patch"
,Recommended,326480,14044354,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,YoichiKuroma,"Please take a note that i played this game using the restoration patchIf My Heart Had Wings is one of the best VN on steam right nowPros :- Amazing storyline- Loveable Heroines- Nice Jokes- The conflicts make sense- You can learn stuff about glider (heck , i dont even know what glider is before playing this game)- Boobs ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Cons :- removal of sexual jokes (Before using restoration patch)- some typos and weird translationOverall :6/10 w/o the restoration patch9/10 with the restoration patchPS :The achievements wont unlock if you use the restoration patch"
,Not Recommended,326480,13851400,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Mac,"If My Heart Had Wings would of been an excellent Visual Novel for both beginners and long time fans if it was not so devastated by MoeNovels attempts to ""localize"" the game, tons of sections are incorrectly translated and then displayed in ways that make no sense in the context they are used. The game is littered with typos and bugs, this VN could of been fine as an all ages version but not only is the sexual content cut but anything resembling an ""adult"" theme is cut, including slightly innapropriate jokes.My playthrough of all routes was done with the Restoration patch, using this disables steam achievements, restores the missing sexual content (and other removed scenes) and lightly fixes some translation discrepencies. The sole reason I bought the game on Steam was to support more Visual nvoels in the west but I, however will not be supporting any more MoeNovel published visual novels in the future if they keep up this pattern of butchering what was once a great expierence. This has ruined the original developers vision by misrepresenting it with this so called ""Localization"".Other than that the only problems I had with the game was that it is not very good for replayability and a lot of routes are locked until you have completed others, this isn't uncommon for Visual Novels but since IMHHW focuses a lot on the Glider, every route is extremely similiar other than the few dates and bonding moments on routes.Once the characters actually start dating the game goes a little down hill on a few routes, namely Ageha's and Amanes as it becomes more focused on the glider. However Kotori, Asa and Yoru all have a bit more time spent on the relationship side of things so are more enjoyable.To summarize, I would be lying if I said I did not enjoy my time with If my Heart had wings but I felt like it could of been much better without the huge localization issues, as such I feel I could only recommend this to people with little knowledge of visual novels or the japanese language and that's hardly much of a recommendation. Time would of been better spent finishing another novel. 4/10 you dun ♥♥♥♥ed it upEdit: Check the comments, I edited some misinformation on my part :)"
,Recommended,326480,18171269,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,ティアラ μ's,"If my heart has wings, winner of several visual novel game awards, is an all-ages visual novel that is available on Steam. If My Heart Had Wings is a romance title centering around a high school glider club known as the “Soaring Club.” It is a touching story about loss, love, and passion which is an enjoyable read from start to finish. There are 5 routes in total and all of them had happy moments and depressing moments. It’s hard not to get invested in a character emotionally when they have so much detail put into them.If My Heart Had Wings had several explicit sex scenes upon its original release in Japan. However, all of these scenes have been cut wholesale from the game and additional nude scenes have been heavily edited in the Western version. Therefore I will not be talking about the adult version.The storyAoi Minase returns with shattered dreams to his hometown of Kazegaura. There, atop a hill lined with windmills, he encounters a wheelchair-bound girl, Kotori Habane, and a beautiful, white glider soaring through the sky. Together, they decide to revive their school’s Soaring Club in order to ride the “Morning Glory”, a cloud known to appear once in a blue moon on the wind that blows across Kazegaura.CharactersThe characters has a diverse and well-rounded cast. There is Ageha, the childhood best friend character who is transitioning from tom boy into a popular girl; Amane, an eccentric genius who has repeatedly failed her senior year in order to remain in the Soaring Club; Asa, the cute, excitable freshman; and Yoru, Asa’s twin sister, seemingly polar opposite; and Kotori the main girl of the story, Kotori, is by far the most interesting character. She is your typical tsundere but have a physical disability,of not being able to use her legs and much of the story focuses on her dealing with her disability of overcoming it and while dealing with the psychological effect of her being a teenage girl not being able to walk on her own.Visual and audio elementsI generally enjoyed the overall art andvisual elementsof the game, the background art is really beautiful with vibrant colors being used and the environment is absolutely stunning. Character designs are top-notch too with beautiful CG’s.Theaudio elementsi really loved it has a full Japanese audio for all of the girls, and side characters combined with a well fitting soundtrack sets the mood and feel like it belongs in the situation and the environment.The consOverall i feel that there is not many flaws i can find in this visual novel other than it gives way too much information about gilders that turn some point of the story from interesting to boring and some “typo” plus bad translation.In conclusionI would definitely recommend this great title from MOE novel, it’s a title not to be missed as this is something that will be a deep, engaging experience.Click here for full review!"
,Recommended,326480,13771657,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,paddock,"10/10I would write a more indepth review on how to show my love for this game, but my friends on steam would come across it and I wouldn't hear the end of it."
,Recommended,326480,13241292,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Kashish,8/10 weapons are a little unbalanced and matchmaking can be laggy at times
,Not Recommended,326480,19591301,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,rogla,"do you recommend this game?i don't knowi want to recommend it but....first, let me tell you that i like this game, proof?i managed to finish this game with its crappy translationthen why the thumb down ?okay now i will tell you, brace yourself for the long reviewif you read this, you must be know the notorious localization company Moenovel, right?and you are pondering whether to buy this game or no?let me tell youat first, before i bought this game, i thought, well, it shouldn't be that bad right? or something along these linethen, i played this game until kotori route, and it wasn't so badbut, after playing more, i think i understand why the hate...now, you should think this game got so many high review because of not-so-bad translationbut yes, that not-so-bad translation only appear in 20 hour first or soand from that, the horror began...i guess many people just play 1 route or didn't even finish the game, or didn't know about the difference in what they hear and what written on the dialogue box, or even overlook the issues because the game itself are great, so the high ratingso, how bad it is?- censored, and there is no make-up for the H-scene, so yeah, they are giving us less content from the original- (lets take an example from kotori) they write family name ( habane ) when the speaker says kotori, it was confusing, even more so when there is kotori's older sister ( habane hibari )- bad english, you know why i have so much playing hour? because it was mostly reading backlog over and over again to understand the story, even sometime i didn't understand after re-read it many times- translation that really far from what they are talking about- changing opp*i mean to eyes, i mean, like really? did they want to fool us or something? even that is weird for censoring reason- ageha route doesn't make sense, because it centered in s*x thing, and you know what happen when the problem of the story get censored right?- is it just me or ageha kissing CG in beach is cropped from the original H-CG?and many more.....please don't buy this game, we should tell them that their work is bad and force them to changewhat? you still want to play this game?you better buy the japanese version and wait for re-translation patch to finishif you really want to play it, or ready for the challenge, then be my guest...but don't run to me crying after thatso, did i recommend this game?yesdid i recommend this version of this game?NO, BIG NO!"
,Recommended,326480,18696063,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Black Heart Goddess,Have a box of tissues prepared; strong emotions involved. That is all.
,Recommended,326480,13074710,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Stalinchan,"If My Heart Had Wings is a 8/10 Romance Eroge Visual Novel Originally Developed by Pulltop Games. Unfortunately, Moenovel's localisation provided a cut, messy abortion that turned a 8/10 game into a 3/10 4kids friendly VN. With its release on Steam being delayed by 5+ Hours and not being changed for the better, this VN would have been considered bad and be left on the backburner.However, with a 18+ Restoration Patch, all of the cut content is restored and the re-translation makes If My Heart Has Wings a bearable Romantic Eroge to read."
,Recommended,326480,14217005,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Yūki,This game cures loneliness. Date and talk to as many girls as you want for the price of $15.11/10 Theres a duck with a hat.
,Recommended,326480,16512444,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Frob,Made me realize I need friends10/10Would cry again.
76561198052209077,Not Recommended,326480,23454689,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,MARS-XIII,"+ great story+ good use of special effects+ good soundtrack+ good voice acting+ likeable characters+ long playtime- no purest form of love- no append disc- censored- bugged beyond repair after using restoration patch (some sprites never vanish and ruin entire routes)Verdict: Buy the jp version, apply sweet love append, apply 5mb eng patch, play in eng locale without bugs or censor.If you do that, consider it a 10/10 must read VN. Thats why i gave a thumbs down to steam version, its simply the wrong way to play a superb game."
76561198077063794,Not Recommended,326480,15484231,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Mai Bhalsych of Korse,"If you're using Windows 8, do not buy this game.The Steam version of this game is badly translated, and has horrible, needless errors like backgrounds not appearing. There is a restoration patch to improve the experience, but there is currently no viable patch for Windows 8. When one is released, then this will be worth buying.It's disgraceful that such a chopped-up, broken version of a game was released just for the sake of making it family-friendly. Frankly, the people who did this should be ashamed of themselves."
76561198079429041,Not Recommended,326480,23263562,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Casper9300,"This Game is absolutely amazing 10/10 100/100, the one flaw it has is steams censorship of the game, it's so dumb. I can play GTA 5 and interatively TORTURE a man, and that's OK. I can see THE 3D♥♥♥♥♥♥of a stripper, SEE THE SEX I AM HAVING WITH A GOD DAMN ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, BUT HEAVEN FORBID I SEE A BRA FROM SOMEONE GETTING WET, OR SEE A WOMAN'S NIPPLES. Steam I would like to remind you that it is not  a crime for a woman to be topless she can have her boobs out, and most of these games from Japan do a certian amount of censoring anyway. I understand not wanting to have a game that is essentially porn, but the sex scences are very short. I enjoy them purely under a pregression point, it makes the relationship seem real,  because people have SEX, it's part of life, and to hide it cheapens our lives on the whole. I genuinely want a refund because you had the 18+ gate on the game, and I just can't accept this. I understand with The Devil on G-String why you censored that it had an incest route that might look bad for your image. All in All is the fact that because this game is still 18+ and has been heavily censored I am quite upset."
,Recommended,326480,13166509,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Akawada,Play this with restoration patch + SAM (since the patch disable the achievements you need to do it yourself)and you're good to go ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,326480,18050192,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Turbanator,"----tl;drGraphics/Art: 10Sound/Voices: 10Gameplay/Controls: 5Story: 9OVERALL: 9----FYI, this is the vanilla 'censored' version, essentially the standard game installed via Steam, no patches or any fan disks unlocked. I'll explain why later.This is a visual novel whereby you, Aoi, an expert bike racer injures his knee and returns to his hometown to continue his schooling. There he learns about the Soaring Club and the glider, and wishes to go to the skies to visit a rare cloud formation known locally as the Morning Glory, which is a real phenomenon also (seehttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Morning_Glory_cloud).Whilst getting involved with the Soaring club, he meets a wheelchair-bound Kotori, his childhood female friend Ageha, the eternally repeating (but brilliant) student running the Club Amane, and  identical twins the childish Asa and genius Yoru. You'll also learn the history as to why the club fell on hard times due to an accident in its past.Oh, and there's a pet duck wearing a top hat, and he's called Hat.As with visual novels, if you are interested in a character, just follow the options, pick the right girl for you, and don't change. You'll end up on their route all the way to the end. The prologue is common to all routes, and the first route you need to do is Kotori, since it helps to unlock the Asa and Yoru routes. There are no full nudity scenes, nor sex, but you'll read about that later. Time to play is as follows:Prologue (common route) – 7 hoursKotori – 15 hoursAgeha – 5 hoursAmane – 3 hoursAsa – 3 hoursYoru – 3 hoursBad end – 1 hour (just trying to find it!)I played the game to 100% completion and got all achievements, so the figure above is the approximate time needed to get them.Not sure why Kotori took so long, I may have left the game running by accident for a while. You can cheat a little by saving the game at the main choices (of which there are about five) in separate slots, and select a different character, and follow on from there, which is why subsequent playthroughs are quicker, since you can choose to skip all read text to get to the next choice, and then eventually see the new scenes. Controls are basic; hence the low score, but visual novels don't exactly require dexterous fingers and 6000 DPI mice.Voice acting is there for all characters and most secondary characters too, aside from the protagonist, who is silent, only having text for him. The voices are great, though it can get tiring to listen to them, you can easily continue clicking the text and the next voice will play for the next paragraph. Music (if you buy it in the DLC) is also peaceful, comical and exciting when the mood calls for it, pleasant listening for a 29 track soundtrack. There are two songs which are sung in Japanese, with instrumental versions included too.Art is beautiful all throughout, from the sprites which are high quality even on my 1920x1080 screen to the backgrounds, with many desktop wallpaper-worthy images to see. There are even some movies showing the flight of the glider, windmills, and characters in the intro. You won't be disappointed.The story is the catch though; you're intrigued by the characters and the concept of flying in a glider. Technical specs and terminology are mentioned on occasion, and it even helped alleviate me when it comes to flying, since any aircraft can glide provided there's enough lift and the wings are level. The routes are quite satisfying to play through.Without spoilers, Kotori's route delves into her disability and getting to help her fly in the glider. Ageha route is the childhood friend learning to love him instead of seeing him as just that. Amane's route talks about the main mystery in the story, what happened to the previous Soaring Club members, and also her lack of common sense in most social situations. Asa focuses on her childishness and how she sees herself in the world. Yoru's is similar, her route detailing how her intelligence can be used to help others.Spoilers follow in a moment. The only thing I really disliked with regards to the story was Yoru's route, the problem for me wasthat there was no 'Yoru route', instead going down the trap of a double-date where both twins are the girlfriends of the protagonist at the same time. This really put a dampener on the entire story for me, especially since you have to make a distinct choice to properly reject Yoru instead of getting to know her early on like the main three girls, or to choose both of them.Other issues now; sadly, there are a large number of grammar and spelling errors. I expected at least one, but not this many. At points even character names are mixed up so you don't know who they are talking about, 'Quack' is sometimes translated as 'Kuaa', you get the picture. Quality varies from route to route, so it is possible that translators split the jobs up, leaving the less experienced ones to do a route, resulting in these errors. It is quite unfortunate, since it is very jarring to see this during a visual novel.Censorship was another problem, for some people at least.I chose not to apply the patch to restore the missing CGs (and yes, nude sex scenes too) with the text corrections as well for two reasons. First is that I wanted to read a story, not read a story and then skip the sex stuff for no reason. I feel it doesn't improve the story whatsoever, and from what I have read, there are a lot of scenes especially in Ageha's route. The writing in those scenes (based off other VNs) is cringe worthy, and I personally do not enjoy seeing images like that. Second reason is when you apply the patch, you lose chance to gain achievements since it messes with the games coding in Steam's eyes.Some text was changed too to comply with censorship, though it doesn't make much sense, since it is only words! Things like 'she has great big eyes', when the Japanese voice mentions the word for breasts (something you sadly learn after watching lots of anime). One scene (no great spoiler here), where Amane is watching Titanic is actually about her watching porn, though I still found the censored text funny.For me, the overall routes in terms of personal quality are ranked as follows: Amane > Kotori > Asa > Yoru > Ageha. The first two have a lot of drama in them, and the ladies really seem to change by the end for the better, and you get quite attached to them. The twins are fairly equal, against coming to terms with their own problems. Ageha to honest annoyed me, and never really seemed to be serious, though that will be up to you to read and decide. Even Yoru's route ranks higher than that for me. I have heard that the restoration patch helps improve Ageha's route since a lot was cut, but I'm not going to review that version.Despite the text error and censorship problems, this is well worth a purchase. The art is gorgeous, music great, voices funny, story intriguing and leaves you wanting to read the next scene, and before you know it, the sun's gone down.I could apply the patch now and see all the missed content, but seeing I'll need to play the game over again, it makes me a little sick, so I've had my fill of gliders for a long while to come…(edit: grammar)"
76561198004063294,Not Recommended,326480,24550055,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,bowserchomp,"MoeNovel is a scumbag company who are only out to make a quick buck, and nothing more. They took a popular Japanese ""Eroge"" VN (in this case, If My Heart Had Wings), churned the text through the Google Translate meat grinder, butchered off any mention of sexual content, and♥♥♥♥♥♥it out to the English-speaking public. Never had they bothered to fix any of the translation or grammar errors.Bigger problem, is that the community didn't care or bother. They just translated the erotic scenes and♥♥♥♥♥♥out a patch for them. Even the ones with the young-looking twins. Wow, excellent. Shows how much people actually care about the story and the characters. Hah!And to add insult to injury, If you think you are getting the full experience by buying the ""Deluxe Edition"", you're gravely mistaken. There are two additional expansions for this VN which were never translated or anything. One of them is called ""Flight Diary"" and the other is called ""Snow Presents""."
,Recommended,326480,13966208,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Krinis,Using a disabled person as a shopping cart. 11/10
,Not Recommended,326480,24728978,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Alex,"Ireallywant to be able to recommend this, it's an excellent VN in its own right but the Moenovel release is atrocious. Sure there's censorship, but the h-scenes in the original were a little gratuitous anyway so that's not a big deal - the main issue is the translation. There are five routes, three of which I've played - two of the three are mostly fine (Kotori, Amane) but the third (Ageha) is so poorly translated that a good amount of it is borderline nonsensical. There are frequent typos, grammar issues and lines too long for the text box, and even with my incredibly basic understanding of a few Japanese phrases it's possible to pick out blatant errors in the text from listening to the voice lines. I don't understand how Moenovel thought this was acceptable for a commercial release, it's an insult to the source material."
76561198041969771,Recommended,326480,13082555,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,kermax96,"Love this visual novel so much, however if you're going to get it I suggest getting the restoration patch from fuwanovel to restore all the cut content ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Update: Installing the restoration patch will disable achievements. Still, it's worth installing the patch for reasons ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,326480,32061216,Posted: 30 May,all,aqua,"my first and my favorite VN+ lovable characters (especially ageha)+ cute voice acting (especially ageha)+ it has 6 routes ( including bad end)+ best soundtracks (didnt regret buying it)+ long af but worth it- grammatical errors, but its ok as long as i can see ageha XD11/10 for ageha."
76561197996867573,Recommended,326480,13176782,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Albino Jiginosis,"It's a crippled, engrish plagued, extremely censored 18+ Japanese visual novel that can be converted into the real deal. It also has a twin loli harem route for all you grimey dudes out there. If you're a perv and into the hentaiz, go get it. If not, go get it anyway. Why? THE ACTUAL PLOT DOESN'T SUCK AND IS FILLED TO THE BRIM WITH FEELS. Also the music is legit.PROTIP: This game can only be played with the Conversion Patch. If you're actually playing it for the plot, you miss too much relevant info without it and you miss all the XXX material without said patch. Also Ageha's route makes no damn sense without it."
,Recommended,326480,13865411,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,ApocalypticRainbow,This game made me waste over $7 on trading cards to craft a ♥♥♥♥ing badge and for some reason i bought an $8 background plus all the emoticons. What am i doing with my life...overall good game 10/10. would buy background of cute disabled girl again.
,Recommended,326480,16216497,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Big Brother,Banged a girl in a wheelchair.
,Not Recommended,326480,32520144,Posted: 17 June,all,jvsael,"This game breaks my heart real big time, and not for the reasons you think. Although the story, characters, CG's and progression are pretty good, the game itself pranks you with a terrible translation and a very daft sense of self censorship. This is an eroge after all. The way they censor the hentai bits is really clumsy and hamhanded, makes you feel like some intern got the job and they just sped through the process, eliminating as much content as possible while on their rampage.I don't know if the folks who translated this game are not native english speakers or have pretty bad japanese knowledge, but the sentence structure and internal logic in the script are so transparently bad it really is a surprise it got shipped this way. Maybe no one edited it or maybe they did and, for the sake of releasing on time, greenlit it and gave us this big stinking pile of deficient translation.It is fixable though. The game itself, at least to the extent the translation lets me experience it, is very well crafted and written. If they had the vision or if they cared, they would release a patch that fixes the errors and lets us, responsible adults, turn on or off the pornographic content. In the state it is, I recommend you steer clear of this mess."
,Not Recommended,326480,21280777,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,HelterSkelter937,I have all achievements and invested a lot of time in this VN because it is GREAT.I totally recommend this for all VN fans ...just DONT buy it on steam get unrated version it also supports the producers more than through steambuy AND you actually learn a lot in the uncut version(espacially ageha route)
76561198132114910,Recommended,326480,13358147,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,ArchGod,"I have played both the version on Steam and the original version and I find I like the version on Steam more..... It is so pure, peaceful and so many lessons about life and love. I can reflect myself through characters in the story like: falling in love with my childhood friend, studying abroad for 6 years and when I return, many things have changed. Seriously, it helps me dealing with my current situation alot and I apreciate that.The original version, in the other hand, give me an uneasy feeling and I just quit when the game filled with 18+ screens. Maybe it because I am not a fan of hentai...... I learnt nothing from the original version and for me, it totally nonsense and more like a sexual comedy ""Ted"" of  Seth MacFarlane in the form of VN game.Honestly, if you are looking for a peaceful place in your heart and a meaningful  VN about life and love, playing the version on Steam. If you want to have fun only, the oriniginal version is perfect for you. :)"
,Recommended,326480,13074412,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,RSn|Animus,"Another AAA Visual Novel title on Steam and it's a must buy!If My Heart Had Wings (この大空に、翼をひろげて) is a Visual Novel about Aoi (Main Character) that returned to his hometown of Kazegaura because he lost direction in his life. The main storyline is about Aoi and the heroine trying to resurrect the Soaring Club to fulfil a childhood dream that they had: to fly on a glider.I already played the VN before when it comes out, English Patched & the SNOW PRESENT DLC which just came out on July this year. The story itself is actually good and the romance is done well on all heroines. Each characters has their own distinctive traits but there is one that is a bit tryhard (not gonna spoil it). A certain heroine route's romace is kinda forced but other than that the story is a solid 8.7/10 this VN actually motivates me to pick my current professional career in real life. The soundtrack nailed it completely for this novel but there are times when the loop are out of place which makes it weird at sometimes.As for technical stuff, this game rendered on 1280x720 which can be upscaled up to 4k if you have the setup. The 3D portion of the game is done well on some part but on others is just straight plain horrible. Don't let the horrid 3D shoo you away from enjoying this VN though because the story is where it's at.If you have finished the VN and can read Japanese, I recommend you to play the FLIGHT DIARY and SNOW PRESENT DLCs because it extends the story further and you get the best girl extra route too (Kanako best girl btw).I also recommend using the Fan Patch for extra stuff tho because, you know, ""Extra' ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,326480,13448103,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,FRenZato,One of the Best Visual Novel out there... *Thumbs Up*And You probably will have a Great sensation beating the Game.~~ The Restoration Patch..... *Speechless* 10/10
76561198060413984,Recommended,326480,28942016,Posted: 2 January,all,Don Jong Tung csgolive.com,"Just finished Kotori route, after 18h of gameplay. It was beautiful.I'm going to tell all of the pros & cons. (These are all my opinions AFTER I played kotori route. If you played somebody else, that's ok)Pros.+ Story was clear, and it was easy to follow. Very emotional. Its hard to say, I don't wat to give this 10/10 because there was something little... So 9,5/10 is going to do for now.+ Main character Aoi, you know all of those dumb, ""special""-type  anime/visual novel protagonist? Well, not this guy. Aoi was clever, he understod emotions, made some good jokes. In my opinion: Perfect. 10/10+ Music, I think music in ""if my heart had wings"" is absolutely amazing. Of course if you play all of the routes, then I can understand that it will get somewhat annoying. But it was beautiful. 8,5/10+ Artwork, What can I say, look at the photos. There were some 3d animations that almost penetrated my eyes. 9/10Neutral.# Price(In sale), I bought this for 4,94€. After I played, well.. I was ready to pay the whole price. Full price or not, Worth buying.# Length, 18 hours for one route, firts choise after 1st movie. I really like long novels or animes, but if you don't... You are gonna have a bad time.Cons.- Translation, I'm not from Usa or anywere else where english if the firt language. (As you may see from my grammar). But there were some parts that hit my eye and killed the mood or joke in that dialogue.Overall feeling.< Pretty good, i would give this 92/100. (Because I'm a weaboo: +5 points.?I hope that this was helpful :3"
,Recommended,326480,13802581,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Double Iris Magician,saw this had cute grills so i bought itwhat i got was a proper story that made me cry at times10/10(also restoration patch)
76561198060601878,Not Recommended,326480,15506392,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Erenussocrates,"I bought this game and wasted my money in hopes of applying the restoration patch and running it without any problems at all. Which didn't happen, I couldn't make the restoration patch work just because I'm using windows 8, I visited countless steam guides, I tried everything, downloaded multiple fixed bat files, changed my app local, and none of that worked, on top of that the steam had removed some of the links a guide provided and I couldn't get them, so most probably they have an influence on why it is not working as well.This♥♥♥♥♥♥is on moenovel who cannot provide clear support about this, apparently. And also it's time all those japanese companies crawled from their holes and provided some international customer support, seriously. But you could only wish. If they could, I could try to email pulltop as well, but no. So screw you too, pulltop.If you are looking for some 4kids level lame watered down pussified visual novel, buy it from steam. If you wanna have a heartwarming experience together with crucial adult content, get it from somewhere else, or pirate it or something. Surely it's better than buying from here with the hopes and getting ripped off.Edit: I emailed Moenovel in hopes of finding a closure to my problem about applying a working patch (which was completely their fault, by ruining the game, so it's definitely their responsibility to provide this kind of help, anyway), and they simply refused to help me. It's obvious that they do not care about the satisfaction of their customers and all they seek is to leech out money by ruining titles that they did not even created themselves in the first place.tl;dr: Avoid like wild fire, at least the steam version."
,Recommended,326480,13705203,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Sustainna,"""Extend the little wings that fly in this sky highly, the world is filled with so many colors, but without light they can’t be given life.”“Aoi Minase returns with shattered dreams to his wind-swept hometown of Kazegaura. There, atop a hill lined with windmills, he encounters a wheelchair-bound girl, Kotori Habane, and a beautiful, white glider soaring through the sky. Together, they decide to revive the school’s defunct Soaring Club in order to ride the “Morning Glory”, a phantom cloud carried on the wind that blows across Kazegaura.This is a tale of youth.A tale of boys and girls who loved the sky.”This game comes from the perspective of Aoi Minase, who has just moved back to his hometown of Kazegaura after being gone for six years, you meet Kotori Habane, a girl bound by a wheelchair but has a love for the sky, you both then notice a glider flying through the sky above Windmill Hill, and the story takes off from there.After your run-in with Kotori, you also meet child-hood friends Ageha and Tatsuya, as well as other supporting characters such as Ma-bou (Short for Masatsugu Tasaky), and other members of the Student Council. When you come to your new home you find that it’s a dorm full of… girls? Seems Aoi’s mother half tricked him into being a dorm-mother (A housekeeper of sorts) to a girl’s dorm, which is also coincidentally home to Kotori, who tends to keep to herself, and avoids contact with others if she can.Eventually, you end up running into the “Super Repeat Student” Amane in a cluttered garage on the school grounds, where you find is also home to the glider you saw the day you met Kotomi on Windmill Hill, become friends, come together, and share the goal of once again seeing the glider fly freely above the clouds, to the dismay of Mr Tobioka, a teacher who seems to want nothing more than to see the Soaring Club permanently disbanded and the glider erased.Soon, you, Kotori, Ageha, and the “Legendary Super Repeat Student” Amane, rebuild the Soaring Club and aim to reach the morning glory, a cloud of extreme rarity and beauty. Each character’s route, while built from the same story, have approaches of varying differences to how the story progresses, there are technically six in total, though one is technically considered the Bad End (Confirmed as the Bad End by steam achievements).The story as a whole is masterfully crafted; each route rarely feels like it has out-of-place story (The only oddities exist in the Yoru Route, which feels like an Add-on to Asa’s route anyways). While choices are few and far between, it doesn’t really effect the storytelling and it shouldn’t, this Visual Novel was not meant to have dozens of choices per route, it’s simple and clean as a story should be. There are moments in the game that take place from someone else’s perspective while at times this is in third person, there isn’t a clear first person either at those times, which really in a unique way puts them in a spotlight, which gives you an idea what’s going on through people’s heads, and even gives important insight to the story (In Amane’s route its almost more important that the main story itself). Many forms of media already do this quite often but it’s a nice change to see in a VN and gives it a better Anime/Manga feel for those brief moments. For many reasons like these, I feel as though Amane’s route is the definitive to the story.There are places in the novel that have been censored for western audiences, such as erotic scenes, adult jokes, and the like, however none of them impact the story too much, however should you feel frisky you can download the English restoration patch, which also has all the other gallery images and features. There are many PG-13 jokes of pretty adult humor, and each time it’s worth a laugh.Music and ArtProfessionals have standards. And MoeNovel set them high, met them, and then surpassed them.The Music has different kinds of feelings from Happy, excited, to somber and calm. The music helps set the mood to the already great voice acting, and the visuals are top quality. Each sprite is done many times over for different faces, poses, and reactions with professional touches making them look pristine, even adding special comic like scenes with pictured depicting an action or event in the story which adds to the imagination, who can’t forget a duck in a top hat running out into the halls with a girl’s underwear?Replayability and CompletionThere are six endings, adding to around thirty hours game-play if read at a steady pace, Steam achievements (though they can all be completed by simply doing each route once),  and of course, anything steam related like the new live stream feature, Cards, Collectible wallpapers and Emotes, and more. For 100% completion of the game, you get an alternate title screen, as well as the completed gallery which you unlock as you play, containing each unique art, and CG scenes. As well as the soundtrack. Save-states are a major help, and unlike other visual novels, don’t seem to bug out and ignore previous completion, or even future completion of a route, which makes continuing to a new story right away from the first act even easier.Though I have not played them, and may warrant reviews on their own, there exists side stories to this one as separate games which have even more unlocks, which are also making their way to the screenshot section of the community hub.Verdict - 10/10Positives:Inspiring, Masterfully Crafted StoryMemorable Characters.Great SoundtrackAmazing Visuals, CG, and Art.Excellent length and more than enough content for the cost.Steam SupportFan-patch for the uncensored versions for adult audiencesGallery with collected Art, CG, and Music.Negatives:No Kanako or Hotaru Arc. (Please add one, MoeNovel ;-;)Few translation errors, however they don’t impact the dialogue enough to make them off target and don’t hurt the overall appeal18+ images are making their way onto steam’s community hub(Unconfirmed, but complaints about visual bugs and crashing, I have not encountered any, but adding a side note)Final Words and Personal OpinionThis Visual Novel is not perfect, none are, but this is as close as you can get. This is one of the few visual novels that shouldn’t not only get an Anime adaptation like Clannad, but it deserves one that does it justice. Finishing this review hours after note taking and putting points together, I still have tears in my eyes when I look back. They aren’t tears of joy or sadness, but both. A story that isn’t only emotionally engaging enough to make someone like me, who hasn’t cried in three years aside from one moment in Clannad, cry out of both joy for having the pleasure of reading a masterpiece, and also of sadness that it has to come to a close, is worthy of my first ever perfect score of 10/10. Everything fit together perfectly as if it was meant to raise every bar set by any others. The comedy when present is gold almost every moment. The characters each had their own story to tell, each with their own joy and sadness, and were memorable as they were meaningful to the story. I want a Hotaru arc so bad, she’s just too cute, she’s like the little sister I wish I had. This is the first visual novel to make me genuinely cry and feel for the characters, it sent chills down my spine that I still feel hours later, I just can’t do this visual novel justice no matter how hard I try. With that, I give it a PEFECT TEN.~RegardsSolomore."
,Recommended,326480,14234058,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,r4m3,"I haven't enjoyed any game for long long time. All those farcry's, assassin's, all the same indie games are simply boring for me. This game however.. wow.Devs are calling this game ""Visual Novel HD"", and it really is BEAUTIFUL visual novel. Love the graphics, love the animations, didn't saw better looking VN.It is long VN. Can't say how long took me to end it first time, I guess around 25-30hours.And every route has unique version of story, it's NOT like ""choose different route, the only difference will be few graphics"".I feel like it was written by someone with real passion. I was never interested in flying, gliders etc, but while playing this game I alt-tabed many times to search for morning glory, I watched youtube videos with gliders.. Now ""fly in a glider"" is on my bucket list.It's absolutely worth full price.PS. Amane master race"
,Recommended,326480,26067749,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,niX,"This is a great read, and also, a very long one. A light hearted VN about a group of students, all with their own reasons, coming together to realize a common dream of flying through the sky. Through the power of friendship and teamwork, they work together to build a glider capable of allowing them to fly. A story about making your dreams come true.. and getting over feelings of personal loss.It's a story so powerful that you feel it, emotionally and physically. My stomach felt tight, my heart warm.. and there were times where I could feel tears welling up. Because of these overwhelming emotions, there's no way that I couldn't recommend it.ProsA heart warming type of story that's very easy to read, follow, and get involved in. It makes you feel good.The characters are diverse and fun to learn about and converse with. They are very human, realistic, and relatable in a lot of ways. The main protagonist (Aoi) is also very likable. There's a variety of 5 different girls to become involved with for the various endings, but, there are also an array of supporting characters that add a lot to the story. They are all so different that nothing feels stale.Each individual path is so different that you feel like you are reading a different story each time, when you get to really know each of the 5 girls and the respective supporting characters.A wonderful soundtrack that suits the game's atmosphere well, and is pleasant on the ears.Beautiful artwork and cinematics. Very colorful and bright.The game is well optimized and runs well. It has a variety of different options in the menu to adjust sound, screen resolution, text speed, etc. Even as detailed as being able to tune each individual character's voices a certain way. You can play in windowed mode or full screen, change how quickly the effects in game move, change window transparency, the speed of the ""auto"" read (which I found very helpful, as the default is very slow), among a laundry list of other things. The saving and loading works well, and there is a log if you happened to skip or miss what was last on screen. There are some major translation errors strewn about and some minor spelling errors, but no bugs. The game never crashed, and ran flawlessly.Each character is individually and fully voiced.Although the price may seem a bit steep, it isn't in reality for the amount of content you will get out of it. My first play through alone took me about 10 hours. If you plan on going through all 5 girl's routes, you're talking probably 30-40 hours. If you're not sure how interested you will be, or are more in it for the trading cards/achievements, you'll probably want to get this on sale.Nice trading card set (expensive cards), nice backgrounds and emoticons. Achievements are easy to get by following the routes and completing the game.ConsIt does feel a bit drawn out and off kilter at times. You don't get the first opening ""movie"" cinematic until about 2 hours in. It does focus on characters and relationship building, and to get a feel for the plot, but there are times that it really drags. Specifically with the glider, which makes the relationship building aspect of it get pushed to the wayside. It all sort of comes and goes in large spurts, rather than feeling very fluid and consistant. Some routes are better than others.There isn't much choice. They're there - but for the most part, it feels mostly kinetic. You go a very long time in between choices, sometimes making it hard to keep track if going for a certain route. It took about 2.5-3 hours of the story to actually get my first choice. My second choice didn't come for another 2 (ish) hours after that. You are also locked out of some of the girl's routes until you finish the routes for others. This is a bit of an inconvienence, if you have your heart set on one girl, or if you don't want to play again. There's only 4-5 choices max, over a 8-12 hour (approximiately) period.Although there aren't many typos or spelling mistakes, I will agree with what other reviews are saying in that some of the translations are off. I'm not a big reader of manga, do not watch a lot of anime (and do not understand much Japanese), so maybe this was not as noticeable to me, but there are certain areas where it is definitely noticeable. One of the biggest consistancy issues I noticed was when referencing Amane's friend Isuka. Sometimes, Ishuka is refered to as both male and female, even though this is incorrect because she is strictly female. This felt terribly distracting to me, and seemed like a large oversite in simple translation. There are other instances where translations may be off slightly. Ageha's route is the worst, and felt a bit confusing at times. Although you understand the point that they were trying to convey, there is no excuse for it. This certainly seems to be the point of most contention with whether or not you should play this game. Some people will be very bothered, and outraged by this, other people not so much. Apparently they butchered it reaaaaallly bad, but I don't know what the original version looks like, so I don't know what I'm missing out on to compare with.Out of the five girls, some are more prevelant than others. This does change signifigantly with each route of course, since each girl is the main character in their own route. However, for the first play through, they made it very uneven. For the first playthrough, Kotori and Ageha, most noticeably, are around almost 100% of the time. Although Amane is present for a large chunk, she does disappear, and only reappears sporadically. The last two girls (Asa and Yoru), didn't make an appearance until 6-7 hours into the story. This sort of makes it hard to build up meaningful relationships with them, since they make such a late appearance. Even going into subsequent playthroughs and playing other paths, I still had a hard time making connections with certain characters as opposed to others.Although this game is acceptable as it is being very PG with the atmosphere it sets up, I do feel as if they went a little TOO far to keep it's innocent facade at some points. The cheesiness factor is sometimes so sickenly high that it almost turns you off. At times, it's set up to be unneccessairly coy about the whole situation. It makes you feel a bit like they're treating you like a child. Especially considering that Steam marks the game as ""adult content"" and warns you before going to the store page. They even go so far as to have the girls in the bath tub wearing towels. WHILE BATHING. A censored/non sensored version should have been available at the menu for everybody.Other ConsiderationsI can't put the following things in either pros or cons, because I didn't find that they added or detracted from the story at all, but a few things that are also worth mentionining:The Steam version of his game is censored, although a patch does exist. If you're set on taking the censorship off, either download the patch, or download the game from the website instead. There are guides on Steam on how to install the patch. The game is cheaper by a few dollars on the site, and I do believe you get the censorship removed and better translations with that version without having to download a patch. Please correct me if I'm wrong. Here's a link to an uncensored gallery:http://hentaigamecg.com/If-My-Heart-Had-Wings/Apparently, the patched version disables Steam achievements. This might be a problem for some, depending on what it is that you are trying to get out of it. If you want a better written more hardcore game, then the patch may be for you. Not sure how much it effects the functionality beyond that though, as I have not tried it myself."
76561198271687990,Recommended,326480,28301053,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,MidnightRaider8,"After 24 hours of gameplay I have finally finished ""If My Heart Had Wings"". For the past week or more I have played this game for hours on my spare time after work. I enjoyed this game so much that throughout my day It was always on my mind. Now to many on the internet I would sound like someone with too much spare time on their hands, but this game impacted me in that much of a way. I felt, no I feel as if this game is apart of me now and that it has affected who I am as a person. I constantly played this game with my emotions being thrown in all kinds of directions. This game has such a deep meaning and message to me. Whether or not it was created with that intention that is what I took from it. I consider games a work of art, but this game really gives those words meaning. If I had a chance to keep playing this game with the same route (Kotori) I was heading I would instantly jump on that opportunity. I enthusiastically shared this games events with  my friends and family just showing my love and excitement for it. MoeNovel, until I played this game I had no idea who you where, but today I can say with all my heart that I really enjoyed this game and that I look forward to what you do in the future. Thank you for putting so much love into what you do."
,Recommended,326480,32888663,Posted: 27 June,all,KaKoussNight,"Ok. I write this evaluation for all the players and people who want to buy this game because there is things that some people maybe don't know and that you really need to know. So, let me get this straight :MoeNovel are not the developers of IMHHW at all. The real developers is a japanese comapny named Pulltop. And so, they took the game from these developpers and proceed to extreme changes to suit more Steam's taste. Because the original IMHHW from Pulltop has a lot of explicit sex scenes + the voice actresses doing all the moaning and licking sounds + CGs. And all of this content, MoeNovel removed it and even changed some dialogues to remove a lot of sex jokes and put on top of that a crappy english translation with a lot of gramatical errors that has never been corrected ever since. And because of that, all the routes now look like a stupid ""Care bears"" story and the romance became completely flat with some little kisses and that's all. If you look like at the community guides for IMHHW, you will see there is some kind of ""restoration patch"". And this patch restores all of the removed content to make the game like it originally was with fan translations for the sex scenes and the removed sex jokes. Of course, you will notice that this fan translation is not perfect and has some errors, but it's better than nothing and we are able to understand what's going on. And when you play the game with the restoration patch, I can guaratee you that the story and the romance of each route have a completely new depth. So please, respect the original developers (aka Pulltop), and don't play the crappy Moenovel's version of IMHHW. Play it with the restoration patch, thank you.And moreover, Pulltop developed 2 other games about the universe of IMHHW called ""Flight Diary"" and ""Snow presents"", and a lot of other great VNs. So If you are curious, just check their website (warning : everything is in japanese) :http://www.pulltop.comSo, do I recommend the MoeNovel's version of the game ? Absolutely not !Do I recommend the game with the restoration patch ? Hell Yeah !Now, I hope I've made everything clear, and thak you if you read this review until the end. ^^P.S. ""If My Heart Has Wings"" is not even the real name of the game. Its real name, translated from japanese to english, is ""Extend The Little Wings Which Fly In This Sky Highly"""
,Recommended,326480,13380165,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,「Makio Kidouin」,Thanks for this game.. i have something to fap for tonight..
,Recommended,326480,33905633,Posted: 30 July,all,ChineseGuy,"This game crippled me.IMHHWsis a VN translated byMoeNovel, but is developed byPulltop. Due to this there has been some censoring ofanythingsexual. However, the goal of the novel is to not excite your libido, but your emotions. Both censored and uncensored (you can find this in the community guide or YouTube) versions of the novel are long. With only a couple of routes, or choices, their intentions are developing a relationship through the mind of Aoi and his interested partners. Also, for those who are curious in the uncensored part of the game the sex is not meaningless like porn. Even in the sex scene they try to make it meaningful, unlike porn.The novel is long with waves of endless lines. However, they want you to be captivated by the detail they put in what each charaters say as well as feel. ISTRONGLYdo not recommend this to people want who only want to see the taggednudityand a quickly developed relationship between the main character and the girl(s). This is like what I wrote before. The novel is interested your emotion though development. It's not like a romance movie that you can watch for 2-3 hours and expect a couple to appear. This is a long and progressive reading.Given the length of the reading are ""incomplete"" parts. I have to word it like this because you'll not understand it until you read some of the other routes. For example, the antagonist's purpose, reason, is not clearly understood until you read Amene's route. It's like scattered information that gives you more insight of the charaters as you read more routes, but don't take this as a heavy burden. The novel does provides you with some moments of awkwardness, sadness, and silliness. This probably why I'm still reading this.As well as being immersed by the horrendously long progress, the game captivates me with its work of developing charaters. At first, they'll seem like aliens to you, like every beginning of a story. However, progressing through the VN makes you feel as if you're starting to know them as a person. I know it sounds like b♥♥♥♥♥♥t coming off a movie, but this isn't a movie. It's long with charater development like meeting someone. The music is also great and well placed thoughout the novel, but loud in default setting.The voicing acting for the lines are great. It makes the novel feel more expressive than with just text itself.ProsWell developed storyGraphical interfaceVoice ActingEmotions and somewhate touchingArt StyleMusicConsLong, I somewhat agree to this. It feels long before the player can interact.Redundant use of character guestures.Redundant use of backgrounds in certain events. For example, food on the table. No food. Forced to use imagination.Not a lot of player choicesSettings and resolution are full of s♥♥t. (Resolution is like zooming into the pixels)Made me stay up at night.This game makes me happy.For those who are curious about theoriginal game ""patched version"".The sex scenes are really funny. Trust me."
,Recommended,326480,13708974,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Santiago,"If My Heart had Wings is a heartwarming experience that is perfect for any of you who love a nice romance story. It will give you many mixed emotions during the story. If you havent bought this game already i would recommend you buy it.Now if you are like me and are worrying if you should invest your precious $15 on a novel, dont worry about it, it took me 23.9 full hours of nonstop playing to even complete one of the many possible endings. THATS ALMOST A FULL DAY!I Would also highly recommend getting the patch before playing this game as it uncovers alot of missing information you may need during the game. You wont get to see the true Aoi without it.During the end when ****** *** ***** **** ** *** ******, oh my, seems like my keyboard wont let me spoil the story, better play it for yourself.Anyways If you love visual novels, and dating simulators, and a game you could play, come back later and play again and still get the fun and excitement you did the first time. i would recommend getting this game.I tell you what.. that ******* ***** was a nice part....Still wont let me spoil :(Also, Get the PATCH! Right NOW....Why are you still reading this? BUY THE GAME AND DOWNLOAD THE PATCH!Well. since you insist on reading this review fully, id like to say one thing.If you are not sure about visual novels.. not sure what they are like. basically they are books.. but you see whats happening.... along the way you make choices that affect how your life turns out. on this visual novel, it affects WHO you date.I Lied, another thing i would like to mention is that if you are still not sure about the visual novels, as i was a while back, Try out another visual novel that is cheaper/free, i tried out another game called ""Everlasting Summer"" first, and thats how i got hooked onto this game, so try it out for a bit, see if you like it, then come and buy this one if you like it. If not, then there is something wrong with you and you should see a doctor immediately, as no human being is able to not like this heartwarming experience."
,Recommended,326480,13991920,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Dusk,The restoration patch is a must if you want to get the most plot out of the game
,Recommended,326480,14333943,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Oats The Goat,A duck is voiced by a girl.
,Recommended,326480,14784971,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,lootuskukka,"Definitely one of the best visual novels I've played, well worth it's price and I highly recommend it to anyone who loves visual novels.Pros & Cons (+ positive / ? neutral / - negative / VN visual novel):+ characters (unique and interesting characters with very different personalities)+ length (about 30 hours of 'gameplay' for a single path)+ replayablity (6 different paths and endings)+ high quality (overall high quality, beautiful art, enjoyable soundtrack and voice acting)+ emotional (I had many moments when I either laughed out loud or felt really sad)+ worth the price (even if bought for the full price this VN is still well worth it's value)+ Hotaru Himegi (she's just way too kawaii xD I wish I had a little sister like her)+ Quote: ""Yesterday's wounds are tomorrow's courage"" (I always love to expand my quote storage)? amount of choices (total of 4-6 choices, depending on the path, that alter the story. This can either be enough or not depending on the player)? censorship and changes (this is a VN aimed for a wide audience so therefore it has no inappropriate material. If you're looking for some mature content & h-scenes then this might not be a VN for you)- No Hotaru path (sadly this visual novel lacks the path for the cutest character, Ageha's sister Hotaru)- A few translation mistakes (doesn't affect on anything really but slightly annoying nevertheless)"
,Recommended,326480,23128403,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Vidservent,"A beautiful slice of life visual novel with very gorgeous art and backgrounds, especially the sky backgrounds so many sky backgrounds it's not always the same boring sky, though it might be hard to notice if the characters weren't constantly looking up at the sky.The story is pretty slow paced but feels natural, the 3D graphics blend in well, the characters are fun, and the music is fitting."
,Recommended,326480,13426034,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,LazyRogue,"This game is very well done the story is detailed to the right point and never goes overboard.The characters are all people that you become to connected to, There is great humor and you will be laughing through the story but there is also sad parts and happy parts of the story that will get you going.The music is well written and goes quite well with the story and makes the story that much more compelling to read.It is definitely something you will get hooked into and perhaps even find yourself reading multiple times.The voice acting that goes along with it (although in japanese(some may not understand)) really helps you understand the emotion in the situations and makes for better reading.Not forgetting the artwork but it is all very nicely done, From the detailed more serious artwork to the fun cute 'chibi' like artworks that pop up in the most random times in some of the fun scenes. as well as the cutscene as well as the animation for the movies, smooth and well orchestrated.The Novel all fits in well togetherHowever there are a few things like any game that aren't as good.Such as the spelling, at certain parts there are spelling errors and sentences that don't fit together or make sense.there are a few sences in the story that might get you confused a bit because of this and because of a few continuity errors. but other then that there really is nothing else that is bad.apart from the fact that byt he ending you're left wanting more story lines and more story to read because you don't want to quite stop yet.Overall this is a great Novel and you can really get pulled in by it at a lot of parts the choice options you are given to select paths are simple and easy to understand where it will take you.I would definitley recomend getting this if you are in to Visual novels"
76561198040702503,Recommended,326480,21589665,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,DerEider,"If My Heart Had Wings<IMHHW> is an English translation of a popular JapaneseVN = Visual Novelthat follows the struggles of Aoi, a young male recovering from a serious biking accident, in his relationships with several female classmates while he simultaneously manages an all-girl dorm.IMHHWeven may tug a bit on your heart-strings as you follow the developing relationships among Aoi and the girls struggling to rebuild a damaged glider in the face of determined opposition from influential academy leaders.IMHHWis an excellent VN for a reader new to the genre.  The story is well conceived and the programming to achieve the multiple story-lines is well done.The Protagonist is a male Academy student{Aoi => Ah-oh-ee; no inflection}who has just transferred from an all-male school back to his home town following a serious Racing Cycle road accident.  Fortunately{?}his mother arranged a job for him to keep him busy and help take his mind off his injury woes.  The down side{again; ?}is that his job involves being ""House Mother"" for an all-female, off campus, Academy dorm.  Remember now, his mother set this up!  And so the story goes ...The Title theme revolves around a girl,{Kotori = “Little Bird”}, who has lost use of her legs and therefore is confined to a wheelchair.  Because of this, she has become reclusive.  Aoi meets her on Windmill Hill, where they see a high soaring glider that ignites their dreams.  Kotori becomes enchanted with the possibility that she could be freed from her wheelchair and reach the clouds through involvement with the project to build a glider.  How canyoupossibly help her as you manage the dorm?The story lines are entertaining.  IMHHW has multiple {6} alternate”Ends”that depend upon the Reader's choices selected at various points in the story.  Each of the alternative Endings provides a unique variation on the main story line that can lead toBAD Endshould you make the wrong choices.  Naturally, I foundBad Endon the very first run-through by trying to pay attention to all the girls {Tsk, tsk}.  It can be difficult {at least for me} to figure out just how to reach each Ending.That's the challenge!The purported game length is 30 hours {I suppose so for someone who knows what she/he is doing}.There are20Steam Achievementsfor finding the official “Ends” and other significant accomplishments.Thesoundtrackis great, easy listening.  It captures the sense of soaring the glider provides for the characters.  The theme songs are accompanied by English lyric captions for those who are Japanese-challenged.  An included feature is a BGM collection of Soundtracks.  There also is a gallery of CG art.  Many of the pictures may be clicked to enable viewing of a series of views of those scenes.Detractions include a very sloppy ... even careless translation job!  Still, the story-line IS understandable and proceeds smoothly if one ignores the minor mistakes and keeps focus on the Protagonist's goals.  It reads as though no one who knew English bothered to read the finished story.  There are sections around the cut scenes where it may be difficult to make sense of story line.  The”Ageha ARC”often is cited for this by critics.  Voicing is in Japanese but I found that to be no problem.  That may even help the reader improve his/her ability in speaking Japanese.There is a“Restoration Patch”available on-line that restores the scenes censored for the Steam version.  The Patch will make the game rating”18+”.  This Patch improves the translation for those sections and smooths the scene transitions which often made little sense in the Steam version.  ButBEWAREthat if you are interested in theAchievements, be sure to do thembefore addingthe“Restoration Patch”.  This patch will nullify the Achievements.Overall, I found this to be an enjoyable reading experience and strongly recommend it to any Gamer who may be interested in Visual Novels, or finding out what VN's are like, or just in reading a really good story.  You will need to have some patience with the translation, however."
,Not Recommended,326480,13702157,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,merumeru,"Novel itself seems pretty good, characters are likeable, although the plot is kinda simple, it's still interesting, BUT... the translation quality made me drop it. How am I supposed to trust this translation when I can see major mistranslations (ones that would prolly google translate make) in pretty much simple lines? Some of the translated lines didn't even fit the situation at all, but quality checkers obviously didn't give a damn.But well, it's not like whole traslation is trash."
76561198005955272,Not Recommended,326480,14292775,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Oracio,"I went into this game wanting to enjoy it.  And at times I did, but at others... ugh...The pacing of this game is a general train-wreck.  It repeats itself over, and over, and over.  Look, character A did a thing, Character B proceeds to comment and say that indeed character A did do a thing, que characters C-E commenting on how Character B commented on A doing a thing.  I found myself skipping through dialog because I couldn't be bothered to listed to the same thing 5 times over.  An editor really needed to go at this script with a big red pen.There are moments that the story really did shine through.  The ending for Kotori and Amane came together and pretty much hit all their marks and left you feeling mostly satisfied.  It's just most of the mediocre beginning and middle bits that really hold everything else back.And then there's the localization... oh the localization.  There's so much engrish and translation that doesn't quite pass even a basic spell check.  Then there's the censoring, there is a restoration patch... and it fixes some of that, but it's still enough that it's a real problem and should not get any sort of a pass.Overall, there are better options out there for whatever you want from this.  It's not pure schlock, but it's nothing special."
,Recommended,326480,13132447,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Aya,"Seriously the only VN on steam that I would really recommend to buy. Nice quality , and the best part is the voice acting isn't replaced by some weird dub.  Keep on doing the good work!  10/10"
,Recommended,326480,29353426,Posted: 19 January,all,MaraviaX,"I purchased this visual novel back during the Summer Sale. As I tend to buy tons of things during these sales, many sit in my ""to play"" queue for a long time. A few days ago I was bored and decided that I'd spend a couple hours of free time with a visual novel. From those I had not played yet, I chose 'If my Heart Had Wings' I chose it because it had Mostly positive reviews, though I was not expecting much given the many negative comments about the lackluster translations, even within the positive reviews. Fast forward 10 hours later, I had to force myself to go to bed so that I could go to work the next day. Another 4 hours after work, and I had completed my first route. Perhaps ""complete"" is not the right word. I experienced it. While I enjoy many of the visual novels I read, it is truly a rare occurrence for me to get so emotionally involved in a story. I laughed, I cried, I felt joy, I felt excitement, sorrow and anger right along with the characters. If there were bad translations, the ability to be fully immersed in the story smoothed over those easily, as I did not notice them very often. [EDIT: They are quite noticeable in the first half of the Agahe route. It does get better though, trust me. Do not give up on this story.]Pros:Excellent StoryLovable characters.Amazing artworkWonderful soundtrack.Cons:It ended. This is one of those stories where you are pained to reach the conclusion, as you want to continue living in the world the authors have created for just a while longer.My only regret is that it took me so long to experience it. After working my way through the other routes (having started with Kotori), I loved seeing the story from different angles and having unanswered questions and eluded to plot lines reveal themselves.I lost my composure with the Isuka reveal.This was truly a masterful piece.Kotori Route 10/10Amane Route 10/10Agahe Route 8/10 [-2 for translations]Asa Route *9/10Yoru Route *9/10-----------------------Overall 11/10   A true case of the whole being greater than the sum of its parts.* [-1 While these routes provided important plot lines and a beautiful story, I didn't particularly feel a romantic route for either fit the natural flow of the novel, as they didn’t even join the cast until well past the midpoint of the story. As oblivious and indecisively neurotic as Aoi can be, it didn't seem like enough time was there to foster those types of feelings.]TL;DRBUY THIS Visual Novel. Even at full price, it is worth every penny. And then some.EDIT:  I installed the patched ""uncensored"" version for a replay to see what extra content was available. I might be in the minority and take some heat for saying this, but I think the localized/censored version is much better. The uncensored still frames were nice, but after finally reaching an H-scene, I felt like my entire view of the characters was shattered. Now I like a good eroge as much as the next guy, and have played many, but I don't feel that it enhanced the plot of this story in any way. In fact, I felt like it detracted since the scenes were not very well done. Rather than an enhancement of the story, they are painfully awkward and derail the emotional roller coaster this story will put you on. My view of Aoi changed completely. Using his ""thing"" to ""go all the way"" and being extremely insistent/forceful on this fact after only dating for a day cast him in an entirely different light than before. He wasn’t a sweet guy, he was a patient predator. I suppose this is a common theme in so many Japanese eroges though. Characters who are terrified of the embarrassment of brushing hands, being called cute or having an indirect kiss can suddenly participate in hardcore bareback action with no problem. Perhaps the source Japanese dialog during these was much better, but the English was horrible and I was cringing as I read. Frankly, I was glad when the scene ended. With that being said, I still HIGHLY recommend purchasing this game if you are into visual novels with rich stories, emotionally engaging plot lines, and complex characters. I just do not recommend the patch unless you are desperate to see H-scenes with these girls.EDIT2:  I quit playing after the last one, but finally decided to play again and made it to the second H scene in the Kotori route. He pretty much went full on rap*st. I now wish Aoi hadnt busted his knee when falling from his bike, but instead landed on his face and had it peeled off on the pavement. Amazing how such a poorly done section of story can completely transform your view of a character. Do yourself a favor, just stick with the Steam version."
,Recommended,326480,20442055,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,AzuraDevil,"""If My Heart Had Wings"" is a Amazing VN.After every end of each route, Get to see a short cutscene with the music ""Perfect Sky"". Amazing Music that makes you all aboard the feel train.Graphics 10/10Story 9/10Music 11/10 Perfect Sky & Precious WingsControls, Just chillax and keep pressing Left-Click."
,Recommended,326480,23976073,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Straylize Er'ther,"After finished Kotori's Route, I decided to write a review here.Current Route: none, already finished them all, finally.+ As you can see in screenshots, graphics are nice, they are well drawn,Backgrounds are also pretty detail, it's very good.+ Musics are also relaxing, probably you should buy the OSTs too.+ Did a good job on controlling player's emotions.+ Characters are well represented.+ Voice overs for every characters (except MC).+ Stories are not monotone.+ Playtime is pretty long.+ Romance+ Glider Simulator- Bugs- Mistype- Some grammar may be broken too. (even my review probably)well, lemme show you... (SPOILERS ALERT)https://s25.postimg.org/ahqo7pabz/Screenshot_595.png^Amane, him? what? So Amane is a boy?https://s25.postimg.org/unu66l5zj/Screenshot_598.png^I believe the ""Ah! Ouch!"" part is actually say ""Ah, Ita!"" in Japanese, means ""Ah, there it is.""https://s25.postimg.org/z8gclipov/Screenshot_600.png^""aaa"" here means ""yes"", no problem actually, it's just weird for me though.https://s25.postimg.org/z76es3nv3/Screenshot_602.png^""do you have twin?"" what? I think Kotori says ""ふたごシスターズは？"" which means ""Where is the twin sisters?"" something like that.and that bottom sentece I don't really get what that means.https://s25.postimg.org/gdklv3pn3/Screenshot_603.png^HEY, the one who said that is Amane, not Kotori.https://s25.postimg.org/qz4h73vyn/Screenshot_604.png^Who the hell is Eru?https://s25.postimg.org/4yo4qhdan/Screenshot_605.png^Mr. Tobioka is a woman now? It's not once but look, they refered Mr. Tobioka like a woman several times.well, actually there are more of it, but it's too many that probably you should see it yourself, typos and stuffs.Overall: 8/10that's all for now,will be back again after finished some of the routes.well, now review for every routes...Those numbers means the order how I finished the game1. Kotori -SADDEST ROUTEConflicts everywhere, and I can be sure that you'll mostly cry on this route, but it doesn't mean I cried when I read in this route, it's just pretty sad that I almost cried, means Kotori's route the best route, and you'll see Aoi looks very cool in this route too, you better see it yourself.2. Amane -SAFEST ROUTEless conflict, you won't see the demolished garage and stuff, it's just Amane's problem with Isuka and Tobioka, and you can see Isuka is made an appearance only in this route, this route is going smoother than Kotori's.3. Asa -LOLICON ROUTEof course, you'll have a loli girlfriend here, and aside of that, in this route they're rarely talk about Soaring Club or even the glider, even though the glider made an appearance again in the end, but they're mostly talks about triangle love between Aoi, Asa and Yoru, even Amane rarely made an appearance in here, but Kanako is sure often appear in this route, and also more less conflict than those route before.4. Yoru -HAREM LOLICON ROUTEyou know, it's like Asa+Yoru route, not only Yoru route. Similar to Asa's route but +Yoru and more less conflict, means this route is the most boring route, ever.Or is it just because I finished those dramatic route first? You can guess.5. Ageha -NORMAL ROUTElike typically harem anime and stuff, things just went normal in this route, the most normal route, with some expected conflict, and harem feels too, it's just normal, it's like harem anime with 'finally main character have a couple'. And this is also the most hilarious route. Ageha best gurltl;dr :Kotori best route, Ageha best gurl."
,Recommended,326480,14490645,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Good Old Hoxton,"So...yeah.I played this, seven hours, on-and-off.Eventually, it showed me all the places I'd visited after a fade to black, and I considered that it was actually OK: I'm not one of those people who watches the Japanimu TV.And you know what?Those seven or eight hours?THE OPENING CHAPTER.Anyway, outside of that, this review is just from the eyes of someone who doesn't play these Visual Novel things. Oh, and if you check my library, Sakura Spirit is there for...uh, reasons.So, according to what this game taught me, you play as some kid with no idea how to into girls. He was riding his bike once, then he fell off and hurt his knee like an absolute ♥♥♥♥in' mongoloid. For some reason, he immediately decides that he should go back to some town that he used to live in, and go to some top-tier engineering class. The one reason this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, not including the obnoxious as ♥♥♥♥ school bell noise, is that he didn't learn any decent Engineer tactics and decides that the single greatest thing that he can accomplish as a Texas Builder Bloke is to join an afterschool club. And there ain't no♥♥♥♥♥♥from this school, hell no: They have a mother♥♥♥♥in' ROBOTICS club, where they build goddamn robots that do♥♥♥♥♥♥in competitive mode, and then, as seems to be a pivotal point of this thing, they have a garage where they build gliders.Remember gliders?No?Well, if you play this, you'll learn more aerodynamics than you'll ever care to know about gliders. You will meet an absolute 10/10 girl, and she's ♥♥♥♥ingobsessed, to the ♥♥♥♥ing max, with gliders. She is building a ♥♥♥♥ing glider, and has literally not spoken to anyone for the past three years. Naturally, your character decides that it'd be absolutely awesome to go and join this club, and then goes home.Oh, yeah, his 'house'.For some reason, this absolute ♥♥♥♥♥ he calls his Mum thinks it'd be some top banter to send him to a girl's dormitory, and then tells him on the day that he's going to be looking after about four or five absolutely adorable girls that are his age, or older. One of them has legs that don't ♥♥♥♥ing work or some♥♥♥♥♥♥ and she skips school and hates everything and her best friend is a duck wearing a fedora.Let me just pause so I can consider that I have not gone slowly insane.OK, I'm back.Right, so like I was saying, you look after these girls, and one of them, called Kanako (I remember this because she my bae), is literally one of your new best friends and keeps wandering about in her underwear. For some reason, your self-cockblock of a character doesn't like this, and keeps telling her to put clothes on.Sucka got no game.Ah...what else?Oh yeah, you have your old friend with pink hair that could probably beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you, you have that absolutely effortless 10/10 chick that makes planes, and then the paraplegic girl.And her sister.Ohhhh, her sister is ♥♥♥♥ing adorable.Oh,♥♥♥♥♥♥ where was I?Ech.It's OK.TL;DR: You lazy ♥♥♥♥. Go read it."
,Recommended,326480,13076397,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,MonsterTM,"Beautiful art, soothing and calm background music, loveable characters, voices. What more could we ask for a visual novel? How about long too? Yup! this visual novel as multiple different story lines, thus extending the duration of the visual novel. Just doing it once takes hours to do. So imagine multiple times. Thats alot of hours, which thats a thumbs up for me.8/10eNjoy ^-^"
,Recommended,326480,22852615,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,MoGek0ɴ,"Well, with over 75 hours of game under my belt, i think I'm on a optimal position to give a veredict on what I consider one of the best Visual Novels i've played... That has recieved a hard♥♥♥♥♥gutpunch because of localization... While still keeping some of that magic that managed to make it a Experience.First off...Story/Writing/CharactersAs a Visual Novel, the first thing you would look forward is the competence and relevance of the happenings that binds together the Novel, in this department, depending on your likings, it can be a absolute roller-coaster, thrilling and interesting moments can be followed by a butt-load of exposition regarding Glider Construction facts that only a fraction of the public is interested about, however, as a whole, it can be quite touching and unique despite its few mood-whiplash moments.The Story is shaky, and due to localization,Writingis both dancing over a concrete wall and tippy-toe'ing above a thin layer of ice above a massive abyss at times.Interaction between the cast is engaging and immersive, always remaining fluid and natural thoughout, the hinderance comes with the engrish present at times, mainly as a result turning a +18 Novel into a E-4-Evry1 Novel, some chunks of dialogue were completely destroyed, losing context and at times, resulting in awful typos every now and then.The fact that yourCast of Charactersis as charming as it is kinda makes other shortcomings to silently pass by the backdoor.You have yourtomboy childhood friend, a dreaming disabled introvert, a child-mind genius and two polar-opposite loli twins., the main character is your average boy and i would say at times he's kind of a derp, but he's the only remotely-questionable character, besidesTHOSEthree fillers.It must feel cliche, but the events that transpire though the Story will keep you binded to these characters, you learn their backstories and see that they are not as cliche as they initially seem, depending on how good is your affection and interest, they could even maybe become your waifu (But don't you touchAmane, she's mine' c ').Playtime/Soundtrack/GraphicsAs stated by the start of this review, this game has quite a goodDuration, the combined routes all grant a lengthy dose of playtime, however, as stated in the previous Category, there are moments that feel like filler or quick hitches that can make the game drag.Specially if you modded the Restore Patch like me, by enabling the H-Scenes, you probably make the game's duration to jump at least 10 hours because, to be brutally honest, these things can range from 25 to 45 mins, so be cautious.However, the one thing this game never had any problems was theSoundtrack, this thing makes me kinda feel bummed i didn't buy the Score Bundle, but ALAS, each song is greatly composed and it brings different flavors that make every happening ever so slighty more engaging, chracter voices are well-suited, characterized and there isn't a scenario where the acting is out of place.The other thing is, much to my delight, theGraphics, beautifully well-constructed and in some scenario, they are quite beautiful, there are however, certain lapses when they can be innacurate or just plain lacking, particularily which the Character portraits.Again, this is another case where the H-Scenes got the short end of the stick, and make it another reason why they are a drag).tl;drIn the end, while it has some certain humanic mistakes, it still shines brightly over all those little knick-knacks to offer a enjoyable and engaging adventure that can be quite the spectacle and leave you a glorious mark in your kokoro.With unique story, candy graphics, outstanding sound and writing...If My Heart Had Wings, earns the glorious-Duck/10"
,Recommended,326480,24940359,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Alice Margatroid,"Hey, the protag has eyes"
,Recommended,326480,31369565,Posted: 25 April,all,Tsubasa Minoru,The first decision 7.5 hours into the game11/10
,Recommended,326480,22692753,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Cupcake,"I have a problem booting the game, I can't get past the menu music without crying my eyes out.Please fix."
,Recommended,326480,13086859,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,d34thy,"I played the trial/demo, and after that, I felt I just had to pick this one up to kind of slow down how I game (from games like BF4, Dark Souls, etc). I'm very impressed with the quality this VN presents (and I've played a few as well): little bits of animations, art style, voice overs, music.  From what I got out of the demo, I really like how the situations are presented, characters are distinctive and relatable, and it swept me up into the story.So far, I'm only at the beginning (or where the demo ends), and so far, other than the extremely minor typos in translation, (which do not hinder my enjoyment at all) I'm loving it.I honestly don't think I should list out a boring banal list of pros and cons; just head over to their site, try out the demo, and see if you like it!I'll update this review with my full opinion once I've completed the game at least once.UPDATE:Finished the game with Ageha. And I will say that her route does not make sense. Even with the patch, it's still blotchy here and there.Wow, there's a lot to be immersed in, seriously.  I'd find myself at one point angry and yelling at the screenbecause of that one.. sensei...ANYWAY, for a game to get me yelling like that because of the story and not gameplay, that's fantastic; it means it has a great story!  Honestly, I can't imagine anybody not liking this game. Super 100% would recommend.  And if you think about it, I still have the other routes to complete, and I have absolutely no qualms about the story!PS: Installing the restoration patch (bringing back the h-scenes), I have very little to say about it.  Sure, it enhances the storytelling, and I didn't mind it at all.  There will be a few holes in storytelling, but it's really nothing too major. So I felt that it's not at all too necessary in terms of plot.  Without the patch, it'll just recap everything they said in a sex scene minus the 1000-page transcript of moaning, eerily vivid onomatopoeia, and whatnot.  Install it or don't, I have no doubt in my mind that you'll have an amazing experience with this VN.If you also thought the fan patch fixed a lot of the typos in the translation, you are very very very wrong (possibly illiterate in English or just stupid). And to the dolts who think that most of the positive reviews came from the people who got a free copy from MN's giveaway, this is not the case; I purchased it.I do have my gripes about the game of course. Asa and Yoru are routes while Hotaru isn't?! Sorry for spoiling just a bit, but you'll understand as you go on (or maybe if you glazed through the achievements).  So -rationally-, it's in FLIGHT DIARY, but that ain't localized for English yet, sadly.With all that said, I'll be finishing the other routes, and I hope this influences your decision to pick up this amazing VN.PSS: I had really awkward typos in this review that made it difficult to understand; it should be near perfect now."
,Recommended,326480,32114499,Posted: 1 June,all,FhuSoe,I don't know how my playtime got into 100hours
,Recommended,326480,13716393,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,『ジブリール』 (Jibril),"I've been in-game for 11 hours and I've barely scratched the surface.Writing's good, art's good. Highly recommend the patch though.Makes a huge difference from what I've heard.Update: Finished Kotori routeSo the patch restores all your glorious h-scenes.Can get a bit buggy at times though, sometimes characters will get stuck on screen, and other characters will overlap them.The writing is well done, albeit a bit jumpy. But the route itself is often times sweet and adorable that you just want to snuggle it.Still, an amazing game. Finishing a second route now."
,Recommended,326480,19970695,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Kats,"To start, I'm gonna admit something.I saw this game a long time ago, before it even got localized.I put it on my to play list.I didn't actually buy and play it until 2 years after Steam release.Reason is silly, I hate drama, and when I saw Kotori who was disabled, I put it off until now, thinking there'd be a lot of drama involving her.Man, am I glad I finally got around to buying and playing it.______________________________________________If my heart had wings...It's a story that will put you in a roller coaster of emotions.You play as Aoi Minase, who after 5 years of being away, moves back to his hometown, Kazegaura.Where he meets up with old childhood friends, and meets new friends, one of them being Kotori Habane, a beautiful, wheelchair bound girl.The general story of the game is that Aoi and friends wants to fly above the clouds in what is called a glider.As I don't want to spoil anything I will leave it at that.If you do want to know everything that this game offers, you'll have to play it yourself, but I can assure you, any fans of Visual Novels willnotbe disappointed, people new to Visual Novels will likely love it aswell.Characters are great, they have personality, and you get to see them grow up emotionally as you progress, it's a joy to play through this, just the characters make it a great VN.The voice actors that make the characters are superb, people who have played their fair share of VN's or watched a lot of anime will likely recognize the voices.Soundtrack is a joy listen to, this is one of the few VN's where I have the background music actually playing, the tunes that usually plays are soothing and easy to listen to while reading and listening to the voice actors.Artstyle aswell, the use of CG (Computer Graphics) for certain scenes doesn't intrude at all like CG often does, though I can't say it looks really good either.Artstyle for backgrounds, characters and scene pictures are great however.Sadly, like with everything, a game always has their downsides.Rest assure that in the case of this game, it's not the games fault, rather, it's the poor translation.If you know Japanese there's actually some pretty comedic moments, laugh at how bad they translated this.If you don't know Japanese then sadly, there's gonna be scenes where you might be lost.This isn't the worst translation I've seen, but sadly it's up there.Some scenes are so poorly translated that what is written makes 0 sense.Personally I'm fine, as I can understand what the girls say most the time, but the main character is silent, making some scenes just laughably bad.Therefore, do I recommend this game? Hell yes, all my yes, it's an adorable story and the characters just as adorable.But sadly, due the the poor translation, it could be hard for some to follow at times.It's still playable, a lot of the translation is fine, but a re-translation project is in the works by fans of the game so either play now and re-play it (totally worth doing) once the re-translation is finished, or wait for the re-translation project to finish, and buy it then.So, skip the Sakura games and pick this up, this game is worth your money far more than all of them combined."
76561198244205974,Recommended,326480,31654999,Posted: 9 May,all,TheSansational1,"The story lines are just wonderful. A few grammatical errors, but other than that. GREAT READS!"
76561198123322673,Recommended,326480,33934115,Posted: 31 July,all,Birb,35 Hours. No achievements. The 18+ Patch gets rid of achievements.Help. I am not even done yet.
,Recommended,326480,28865162,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Anh.phies,"IFMHW, an enjoyable VN that meet my expectations. There wasnt much choices to be made, but the story was where it got me to finish the game and go for other aternative routes. This is without a doubt in my mind one of the TOP3 VNs on Steam, my opinion anyways.BTW - Applying the patch will not allow achievements to be unlocked but Time Played and Trading Cards still work.After completing the game you can go back to original version and autoplay to get achievements! 100%  (づ｡◕‿‿◕｡)づ"
,Recommended,326480,30186767,Posted: 25 February,all,Chubby Corgi,"Great art, good story, very cute."
,Recommended,326480,34384591,Posted: 20 August,all,xyymx,Best
,Recommended,326480,13824101,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Rain,"I bought this game expecting some steamy bath scenes and a self confidence booth...I recieved steamy bath scenes and a college lecture on the physics of flying a glider..... I can't say I'm dissapointed, I just looked up the qualifications to be a glider pilot... Life motivation/10"
,Recommended,326480,32051744,Posted: 29 May,all,Sofiati,"Didnt know if used the tissues for crying or fapping.Great story, great ecchi (use +18 patch, really) and incredible voice acting.Story is long af, but if you're used to VNs you'll like that"
76561198080381720,Recommended,326480,14856541,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,vF.cY,9 hours into the game... Completed the introduction.11/10 would play again
,Recommended,326480,14154517,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,k.,11/10 -MeHit me rite in da feels and spent 3 days just playing this game after i got it. No regret on this game.
,Recommended,326480,29495194,Posted: 25 January,all,Miss LP,"This is my first VN i've ever playedAnd this makes me feels so great to play more and more. It got comedy, drama, and beautiful romance there. Totally recomended*but i really need you to add a little bit more for Kotori's ending heuheuheueh"
,Recommended,326480,31886358,Posted: 21 May,all,Just a Name...,"I would say this is the best VN I've ever played,I'm not good at explaining good point though,Pros.- Long playtime.- Good story.- Good soundtrack, It really did it's job very well. This game's soundtrack gave me goose bumps many times(especially Aoi's legend)- Good artwork.- Fully voice acting. (only japanese though.)Cons.- Doesn't have much choices.- Some dialogue doesn't match between the text and the voice. (but only just a little though.)- Some choices can't be selected on the first times play.From every visual novel I had ever played, I'll give this 10/10Please make a good game again.PS. I've just know that this is a censored version and I'm really glad that I played this version. Since I don't want this beautiful game to be some sort of porns."
,Recommended,326480,32782032,Posted: 25 June,all,NordicAnimation,"I had this VN on my phone and was fooled into thinking that this game was free. When I reached the end of the demo that I had no idea was a demo, I spent a couple of $$$ on the full game here on Steam. After playing through the first route, I decided to modify the VN a little, by installing a patch that removes all kinds of censorship in the game, which gives you more hours of the game than the censored version, and it also gives you a better translation than it had before!I've only played the first route so far, but the story on that one was great, and I will start over from point A each time I'm choosing a new route.I do recommend this game, but if you want some proper translations, I recommend that you install those patches I was talking about earlier, although it will turn the VN into a 18+ VN if you do so."
,Recommended,326480,15782465,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Shivarion,"Pros:✓Awesome story line.*You can't read how it will goes, makes everything exciting.(+15)*Touching, can make you laugh or even cry.(+15)*Inspiring.(+20)✓Awesome Character & Art.*The Characters are very well-made, can't complain anything.(+30)*Voice characters are matched up with the characters personality.(+10)*So do the art, they drew it flawlessly.(+5)✓Good Soundtrack.*Especially the movie II by chata :3 (+10)✓Option Voice*There will be a voice of a character when you Open the game/load/overwrite saved scene/go back to tittle/Change    the option to default/Quit the game.(+10)*You can even choice whose character voice you like to hear, or use random voice instead.(+5)✓Lots of slot to save scenes.*(+5)Cons:✖Heavily Censored.*The steam version is not allowing any uncesored scene, which make the game kinda loss. When there's ""boobs"" word it will changed to ""eye"" instead.(-25)✖Translating issue.*Some scenes aren't well-translated.(-15)✖Can't delete any saved scene.*You just able to overwrite it.(-5)✖Auto delete log after go back to tittle.*Even if you load the game, the log will start with the first scene after load, you can't access to the scene you played before you go back to tittle/quit the game.(-10)✖Simple routes*Despite of a lot of characters, there'r only 5 routes available.(-10)*The routes are pretty simple, there'r only 5 choices for the whole game. except for asa & twin harem route, there's 6 choices.(-10)Total score : 50Note:✓You can get the unceserod scene by apllying restoration patch. (+25)✖Applying restoration patch will make your game to unofficial version which mean you can't unlock any steam achievement, but this issue can be fixed if u reinstall the game.(-5)✓They are currently works with the translation (+15)✖No one works with the steam version unless they got extra hands(-5)Total score : 80Conclusion:This game is more focusing about the storyline, not about how you can get the girls.Overally good as long as you apply the restoration patch (well i'm not apply it yet though. i try to get all the steam achievement before apply the patch).Despite of the expensive price, i recommend this game."
,Recommended,326480,34640234,Posted: 31 August,all,Jinzou Star,It's just...  Too beautiful
76561198095513777,Not Recommended,326480,34249348,Posted: 14 August,all,Watashi [私],"このＶＮは甲斐ないです酷いだ。英語を話されないから私は読みません。何を言ってい？あげはの物語がわかりません。If you read Japanese, the translation of the game was as bad as that.  Ahega's route was rewritten, let alone incomprehensible, when a VN is changed to an all ages audiance, its obvious and expected to cut out H scenes.  What is unexpected though, is the butchering of everything else.  If you want to read this novel, support them here by buying the steam version, but by no means read the steam version and just download it online.  One can also just directly buy the game from Japan and install the translation patch.  Don't miss out on a great story because of people who never passed their English courses."
,Recommended,326480,13793740,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Semple,"I played it long before MoeNovel brought it over. Its great to see it on steam! Even without the H-scenes, it has a very (very very very very) long story that will keep you interested. It is an actual novel so be prepared for a lot of reading!This is probably one of my most favorite VNs out there!"
,Recommended,326480,28528112,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Zedric Coil,"A thrilling and sweet novel that suffers a little bit from pacing issues but nothing that will take away from the experience!The ""Restoration Patch"" is a must to play this game, since this game is censored.With the patch the routes become uncensored and the awkward translation in later games become resolved.While many can argue that the adult scenes are not required to get the experience, I'd say that they complement the game beautifully without going overboard or out of character. So I definitely recommend this game WITH the patches applied.P.S. Applying the patch will not allow achievements to be unlocked but Time Played and Trading Cards still work.After completing the game you can go back to original version and autoplay to get achievements!Enjoy this beautifully written story.Edit: Ageha Best GIRL!"
,Recommended,326480,14260947,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,LoveLife,"I laughed...I cried...I experienced something that changed my life...lol , actualy i'm not really crying .  but trust me the story is so touching and it's make you want to cry a lotBtw,This Game has an unique story , and a good plot. The BGM was also suitable for every momentI think this game was worth buyinghmm , I also want if there was any chance that this game can be make into an anime adaptation^^"
,Recommended,326480,17802191,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,HARKI,"I could say it changed my life. ~Or at least the way I see the world now has changed a bit.This VN was one of my firsts but it still was way too emotional.Of course, I recommend using the Restoration Patch, not only because of the cut scenes but mainly because Moenovel did a real bad work translating this VN.It still was worth the money I paid for it. I have no regrets at all."
,Recommended,326480,25720149,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,god is a cumsock,"After I began to fetishize mobility handicaps from this game, I had to start taking weekly trips to Walmart to remind myself that nobody in a wheelchair is as 100x bae as Kotori."
,Recommended,326480,21234233,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,panya,"Excellent, great routes, doesn't need 18+ patch (but is fun if you install it). All in all great VN on steam and probably the best.  Art style is superb, voice acting fits the characters. Worth your money."
76561198052470379,Recommended,326480,24997993,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,[NBS]Heerorito,"Coming from a gamer myself who play alot of jrpg, shooting games, and all sorts of games that has nothing to with this genere. I can safely say I am quite impressed with the right choice, I only really bought this game cause it was on sale, I thought to myself ""I am probably not gonna finish this game"" but little did I know the story really triggered my curious. And I strive to finish this game asap, THE STORY WAS exquisite, I can safely say I fell in love with the story, however I am on route on completing the other girl's route just to see the character development, and their story perpestive. So far I only finished Kotori's route and even though she was the main heroine of the VN it was just well made the story.Soundtrack was 10/10 it really did fit the best mood during parts of the VN.Story As I stated eariler was really heart breaking at some parts and exquisite it really did gave you like you were part of of the story.Characters 10/10 all the characters were well made and developed. Even though it was sorta cliched (cause you know japan and all) the development was probably the most important part and made it easily to ignore the cliche.I would recomeended this game for anyone who is really interested on trying out the VN, it is a fresh start for newcomers (which is also me ;P)I also forgot to mention, if you buy this steam version. The translation for this game is atrocious, it baffled me at some parts that were poorly translated and grammar errors just made it more cringe.I also forgot to mention this game is intended for 18+, but moenovel decided to try to appeal the main audience and attract all people like. Censored probably the most important parts and adds a little more to the story.Thankfully there is restoration patch for this game which adds not only the 18+ scenes but the trasnlation is hella alot better. There is a price to pay, and that is you dont get any achievements if you do this."
,Recommended,326480,18247782,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,あまね 「Amane」,"""Excellent Visual Novel""Plot SummaryYou're Minase Aoi, a boy who had a dream but was shattered due to unforseen circumstances. When you go back to your hometown Kazegaura, to a new school, you will forge new relationships, deal with setbacks, restore the Soaring Club, and eventually find a new meaning in your life again, which is to yearn for the sky.A visual novel well known for its astounding CGs, light-hearted story, and amazing soundtrack, it has certain downsides which were made possible by MoeNovel. Here are the downsides to MoeNovel's version:ConsHeavily & Unnecessarily CensoredAll h-scenes were removed so don't expect any; CGs were edited to not show any skin through wet clothes, which I find ridiculous, as there was a scene where the girls are clad in their bikinis.Bad TranslationThe translator can get pronouns wrong, like referring to Amane as a ""he"".Personal RankingsMain CharactersMy RankingsAmane1Asa2Ageha3Yoru4[/tr]Kotori5RoutesMy RankingsAmane1Kotori2Yoru3Asa4[/tr]Ageha5Rating: 9/10 (6/10 for MoeNovel's version)Genre: Slice of Life, Romance, BishōjoWhen my final route came to an end, I was filled with satisfaction and sadness as my journey with the Soaring Club members had finally come to an end. PULL TOP has done a great job with this VN. I highly recommend this to all VN fans and beginners, of course, with the restoration patch installed."
,Recommended,326480,14328196,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Reimu☆rena~,"This is ONE of the best VN's on steam right now!!You think £11 is too expensive for a VN, nope, this one is worth every penny!!To start off, this VN has one of the best voice acting ive ever experienced, i mean...the girls sound soooo Kawaii whenever they talk, plus there is duck with a Top Hat...yeah a duck with a hat.Gameplay: 10/10The game is playable with only minor errors and an amazing save feature.Sound: 10/10So many excellent background music while you read...some are to relax you and some are to make you feel sad. The voice acting is also great! I loved itGraphics: 9/10Another 'good' feature, but not quite 10/10. Some of the animations were not linear and there is lots of 2D modelling used...i mean c'mon 2D. Overall it still scores very high for graphics as you can see in the trailer above.Price: 10/10I know you'll be thinking...really 10/10 for price?!? thats a bit too much. As i told you before its all worth your money, this VN will last you between 30-50 hrs depending on how many routes you want to take and end up in.I personally would take Amane's ending as it is the most interesting."
,Recommended,326480,14203276,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Big Brother,I got Senpai's card thats all that matters11/10
,Recommended,326480,29402153,Posted: 21 January,all,Enviar,"Good story, Good Artwork, Good soundtrack, Long story.It's All Age version, i don't recommend install the 18+ patch on steam (A lot of bugs & glitches)."
,Recommended,326480,14845011,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Dimo Sparks,"If my Heart Had Wings is a romance game about a high school glider club known as the ""Soaring Club."" The story center's around the theme of love, loss and passion that gets you hooked from the very beginning to the end. Throughout the game you fall in love and date the girl of your choice. The game has a big amount of main characters. You have Ageha, the childhood best friend of the character you play as, Amane a great genius who has repeated her senior year so much in order to remain in the Soaring Club, Asa a cute and excitable young girl and Yoru, Asa's twin sister who is completely different to Asa. However, the main girl of the story, Kotori, is by far the most interesting character in the game. Kotori has a disability of her losing the ability to walk with her legs and much of her route is about her trying to overcome her disability problem. If My Heart Had Wings is an great visual novel game if you enjoy a good, romantic, slice-of-life story and if you have ever dreamed of flying above the clouds."
,Recommended,326480,25899655,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,sseviyyx,"yeah, GOD is grant my prayer,i wanted this game for the discount,so in summer i get the Deluxe Edition with cheap price xDokay okay i admit it ...this VN is totally GOOD!!!!`1111LOOK, that story is too flawless ...and also, your art iz nize too enjoyz,i like that part when Aoi get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off with Kotori ahahah thats a lot fun ...and Hat the housemate which there it is a DUCK LAWL DAMN..what? a guy become a landlady ... fictitious indeed..MY FINAL REVIEW!!11!welp after i through all of the routes, this is my final overall:Ageha Route - 9.0Kotori Route - 9.5 (Best feels story)Amane Route - 8.0Asa Route - 7.8Yoru Route - 8.0Common Route - 8.5Kotori Route are the best for all .... its enjoyable story at all ... and the common plot its nice too , it told how about you make a glider and also the simulator too, its totally detailed look like learning some spesification of plane ... yeah it is very nice for me xDthis is my review thanks for take a look xDregards,sennank aka sseviyyx"
,Recommended,326480,31844840,Posted: 19 May,all,Kuro Neko,This visual novel is one of my first visual novels and the best one that i actually bothered to finish.And has a great a storyline and characters.I highlt recommend this to someone who looks forward playing visual novels in the future.
,Recommended,326480,13382090,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,AlenasSenpai,"Wont lieI LOVE THIS VISUAL NOVEL!yes it has translation errors and other little things, but the stories per path absolutely make up for it in such a huge way for me, is it censored, yeh it is, but don't let that put you off, play it through and then patch it if you really want the erotic scenes, but I got too tied up in the story and tbh, I'm still not sure if I'll patch it."
76561198089621910,Recommended,326480,31707627,Posted: 12 May,all,tsukihi,"What can I say, it took 7 hrs for the first choice to pop up! As a VN enthusiast it can't get any better although in this case it probably would! If this game has been on your wishlist for a while like I did, GET IT NOW!For now, I can't make a thorough review since I only just got to the first choice but so far so good! Originally, I had purchased this VN due to the 'H-scenes' that I heard it had and was curious to check it out [I'm an honest man what can I say?] however I found the story quite compelling and refreshing considering the VN's that I usually dig into. As a Uni student studying Aviation this was what made me get more interested in the story. I kinda felt connected to the characters as they all share their dream of flying through the soaring club. It also kinda made me think why the heck doesn't my school have a god dang soaring club. The way they explained the basics of flight in game too were also good and detailed which definitely surprised me considering the some of the gramatical errors the translation has. The art and animation were really good, very detailed and in depth and the voice acting as usual are spot on. Got to recognize Amane's voice as Mirajane from Fairy Tail.Overall, I strongly recommend this VN and it's $14.99 price tag. Like I said before, I haven't thorougly finished the game yet but it's soooo good so far that I'm currently loss for words. With that, I can confidently say that I probably wont patch this VN's 'H-scenes' as I want the story to be genuine and rate this as the best VN I have ever read in my life! [and also the fact that there's too much to do to patch it!]"
,Recommended,326480,14379180,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,μ,"if my heart had hentai/10Honestly I think this game is pushing it's way to my favourite VN, the main story is so captivating, and each of the character stories deepens that and just makes for a wonderful VN that ties together at the end, the stories tend to leave questions that will be answered by following another characters story, and once you've played them all you'll be able to understand what's going on, why someone did a certain action etc, waifus are 10/10 though I didn't have much time for Kotori. Highly recommended, although the auto play reads personal character text too slow, not well maintained auto play, save so you can go back and choose another route, and a skip button too.Amane is best waifu. Game is 10/10 - well worth the price, very long, very captivating, buy for waifus, stay for the plot."
76561198240705040,Recommended,326480,31164540,Posted: 15 April,all,Steifman,"Spent over a day on this game, best day of my life."
,Recommended,326480,32157705,Posted: 3 June,all,TehGoat,"This one's definitely a good value for money. It might not have a ton of choices, but every route is pretty much completely unique. If you don't want to do them all, I'd recommend you at least get to Amane's, since that one explains the mysteries around Itsuka who's mentioned a lot in the common part.I played it with the Restoration patch and I don't know if it's true for the non-patched version too, but my only gripe with the game would be inconsistencies in translation between the different routes. If you go and finish all the routes in a quick sucession it's pretty obvious.Otherwise it's technically one of the best VNs on Steam - the art, soundtrack, voicing etc.Would definitely buy and sob myself to sleep again."
,Recommended,326480,14817721,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,☆ＴＥＭＰＥＳＴ☆,"10/10If My Heart Had Wings has incredibly an enchanting soundtrack and captivating artwork that fills your heart to the brim with feels. The story is very well written, and has a great mix of comedy and proper romance. I found myself easily spending 50+ hours within my first week on purchasing this VN. I strongly recommend that you use the restoration patch to further enhance the experience of this masterpiece!"
,Recommended,326480,14088648,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Fabless,"Just finished the VN and i got to say.. it was quite good aside from some little flaws here and there. Now to start i'm writing this review for the all ages version. I heard about the original (tho i never tried it myself) and most would say the original version is more completed than the one on Steam. Cutting stuff out and making it available for a younger audience is understandable to a fault. Then again it just feels like you miss out on some important story elements.. in my opinion. Anyways to sum it all up i would give it a 7/10.Now for a liitle more detail on the pros and cons of the VN.Pros:- The story is great and enjoyable.- Artwork of the game is very well done.- It has replay value (I'm for sure going to read it again).Cons:- The translantion could use a little more imporvement (All tho it still is understandable).- Story is good as said above, but it just feels like some parts of it are missing.- Not many choices to shape the story."
,Recommended,326480,14303521,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Scrommyboy,When my friend found out that i played this game his first question was did you download the restoration pack( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198108627147,Recommended,326480,23503248,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Ozzo,"Love this game so much. at first i played the steam version and it was fine honestly. but then i realized how much was gone from the actuall thing. oh boy it made it so much better. i done all endings and im gonna do em again soon. its really relaxing and while its a visual novel its still one of my ''favorite games of all time''.was my first novel and im gonna buy more now that i done this. amazing game 100000000000000/10 would buy again, play again! if youre sceptic about the visual novel genre. never played it before. just do it youre not gonna regret buying this."
,Recommended,326480,21812161,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,「S3b」 || Mononobe no Futo,"Hi There!Let's Begin My Review about this game: ( Warning: Toxic English Incoming, Sorry About That )I've Played This Game For Over 60 hours, Finished All The Routes and AchievementFirst Thing First: WORTH $15 EVER!+The Story Is EXTREMELY GOOD, The Characters are Very Beautiful And Successfully Telling Us Their Emotion,....+The Soundtracks are very nice, match with the scene we're playing, sometimes it makes us sad, happy,etc....+Every route have a different story and it won't make u boring+Choosing Means everything+For Anime Lovers Like Me, this game have a lot of beautiful screenshot for u to decorate your profile+English Grammar Is Very Good, Still Have Some mistakes, but it not that badAfterall, Recommended 100% by me during sale or not saleOne More: for those peoples who bought this game but haven't played it yet, play it now, it won't let you down :)Thanks For Reading My Review, Have Fun!"
76561198030853616,Not Recommended,326480,23047546,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Phreyd,"Played a fair bit, but a lot of that was stuggling to like the main characters enough. The ones who I though were the most interesting allowed very little interaction.Pros:Good character and background artSome interesting story elementsCons:Mildy annoying characters, whose development seemed forcedAside from the glider part, it was mostly a trite story lineWay to much detail about aerodynamics and meteorologyTranslation goes all over the map from really good to cut-and-paste from Google translateBottom line was I could have gone thumbs up, but in the end I just didnt care to finish. Get it on sale and it's probably worth it."
,Not Recommended,326480,24242061,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Solkia,"Hot GarbageOnce you've trudged throught the nightmare that is installing the Fuwanovel patch you'll be presented with a medocre VN that has more plot coincidences than the entire Hueco Moundo arc of Bleach and more ♥♥♥♥♥♥ edutainment than things happening.And if you managed to trudge through Kotori's route since the game doesn't let you pick Yoru or Amane right off the bat, you'll find Amane's route to be a dumpster fire of forced romance and whatever thehelltheseare"
,Recommended,326480,24783080,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,"""Dutch""-Republic","so here is my review of the game/visual noval story, If My Heart Had Wings or IMHHW for shortPros.1.Great story telling2.beautifull scenery3.Nice character design4.Nice relaxing background music5. Great voice acting6. multipal story linesCons.1.This game in general has removed all the 18+ scenes for the steam versionto allow the scenes to be returned you will have to download a patch to restore the content back into the game.2.the guy that you are playing is a bit on the less developed side ( you know what i mean once you played the game or watched video's from the game)3. the translation of the game is okay but it can definitely be improved.4.the game is a bit slow on getting the beginning settled but once it has begun it will run smoothlywhy did i bought this game??? because i had seen many trailers for the game and i was hooked the moment i saw itcan i recommend it? yeahis it good? it depends if you like reading games and siting for hours doing nothing but readingis it worth the €15.00?for the content you will get out of this yeah but if you can get the game when is on sale that is even betterGame score 7.5/10"
,Recommended,326480,18172012,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Akemi™,"I can't found the exit button, is this a bug ???? <33:D"
76561198165034742,Recommended,326480,13137412,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Ej_2000,"This is my first VN game ever and i can say without a doubt it is amazing, I loved this so much. The characters are funny and happy to be with. The music is a bonus since it makes it relaxing and soothing to play with."
,Recommended,326480,13087688,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Blael,Only good if you download the resotration patch.Otherwise theres no hentai ;p
,Recommended,326480,14616312,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Kedigori,"I really had a great time with this one! It's images are high quality, it's interface is customizable, and it really set's itself apart from other VN's. Each story line is eunique and the characters are really well developed. I was also glad to see that they took the erogenous scenes out of the american verson, and then someone patched them back in. It allows for people like me to opt out of the erogenous scenes. If you are looking for a slow pace VN with a good story, and if you are not a horny porn addict, then this is definitely one for you!"
,Recommended,326480,13580968,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Sly,"A fantastic visual novel that has some thrilling events and attachment towards the characters. One of the best VN's on steam and is great for it's price: the game is fairly long, so what you pay is what you get. At times the game may seem slow, but it's a great buildup for the humor, sadness, joy and suprise that it hold. After a while of playing, you will start to feel a build of connection towards the characters of their personality, drama, life. Recommended for those who absolutely love VN's with a great connection towards the characters and story (even for those who are interested in VN's and want to begin somewhere)."
,Recommended,326480,32053253,Posted: 29 May,all,Altona Falcon,Very cute and touching. Thumbs up!
,Recommended,326480,28755993,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,TheFlow0360,"Really great game, interesting story lines and great endings!The only thing I have to criticize is the translation... There are a lot of typos and sometimes wrong grammar, but especially at the start of the Ageha-Route and also for a short time in the mid of the Kotori-Route it get's really bad, to the extent of beeing unreadable. If they could bring a patch with improved translation, especially for those two parts, it would be even better."
76561198152334091,Recommended,326480,29858163,Posted: 11 February,all,Lil Yahweh,"Great story. All the characters are likeable in their own ways; unfortunately, some routes need to be unlocked before being able to finsih the game. Also, some routes are more flushed out and add to the story more than others. It's a little awkward sometimes because when yhou choose to go down a certain route, it's almost like the other characters no longer exist. Regardless, it is a very good story that is slow to begin, but really picks up after they become third years since that is when the routes start developing. As a side note, the 3D animations look really tacky, but the rest of it looks really good. I'm mildly upset that wheelchair girl gets the best picture at the end."
76561198119483400,Recommended,326480,13949259,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,The Past,10/10This is the best story i've ever seen in a game.I loved it.
,Recommended,326480,15287091,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Kite,"A review with minor introductory story details.If My Heart Had Wings (Kono Ōzora ni, Tsubasa o Hirogete) is a visual novel centered around a group is students in the soaring club, a school club primarily focused on aviation. Surprisingly there is more than romance to this story as the main objective of group is to fulfill the dream of flight. I wasn't expecting to listen to several detailed explanations of glider aerodynamics and construction but I found them interesting. The story itself is mostly light hearted and humorous but at the same time has dramatic, emotional moments.Visually, this visual novel is very pleasing. The art is done very well with many vibrant colors and gives a unique look. The soundtrack is spot on when it needs to be and very tame during normal sequences. In the settings menu allows a lot of customization, such as pausing the game when it is off screen or even changing the announcer's voice to any of the characters.Unfortunately, the game does suffer censorship and certain routes will seem less developed than others. Translations will be a bit cringey at times with americanization. I'll be blunt and say that the censored version of this games acts like sex doesn't even exist. It's painfully obvious when they tweak a scene to skip an eroge scene in the original. I personally recommend using the 18+ restoration patch to have better translations (just skip the eroge scenes).My Opinion on the routes:------------------------------------------------------------------------Kotori - The best route. Clearly the most developed and gives the most satisfaction when reading.Amane - The next best route. Fills in a lot of details that are unexplained in other routes.Ageha - I found this route frustrating. Lots of angst and melodrama. Sometimes I don't even know what's happening and                I have to reread the dialogue because of out of character interactions. The censored version of this route is especially butchered through censorship. The story and jokes will make no sense.Asa - Partaking in this route doesn't seem realistic to the story. Almost feels like you ignored past experiences and immediately started befriending the loli.Harem - I don't take this one seriously at all.------------------------------------------------------------------------This is currently one of the better visual novels on Steam right now. If you're even slightly interested in visual novels I would give this a try, especially if it's on sale. You get a lot for what you pay for with If My Heart Had Wings.Notes:- Length is 50+ hours if you include all routes. The common route is around 10 hours and each character specific route is about 15 hours (assuming you listening to the voice acting).- There is voice acting.- Certain routes cannot be done until you complete other routes.- There are a total of 5 routes + 1 bad end.- There is a eroge focused sequel based off of the aftermath of Kotori's route.- This is the censored version of this visual novel. It can be patched to the 18+ version to unlock eroge scenes and several translation fixes. Unfortunately this makes the game a bit unstable (sometimes sprites will be stuck on the screen, gallery is out of order, and in a specific scene the screen is stuck on a blank white image). Achievements will be locked if you decide to use the patch. There is a Steam guide that shows you how to apply this patch if you need help. Do note that there are separate guides for Windows 7 and Windows 8. If you're interested in applying this patch, be prepared for lengthy eroge scenes with voice acting. You have been warned.- Originally released in May 25, 2012 in Japan."
,Recommended,326480,21741193,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Daydreamer,My heart feels warm everytime i played it!
76561198088527174,Recommended,326480,31553113,Posted: 4 May,all,MarchingDelta,"This game is long af, but its worth it."
76561198264149175,Recommended,326480,35494697,Posted: 5 October,all,OtoshiKami,DO IT!!! JUST DO IT!!!
,Recommended,326480,30975764,Posted: 6 April,all,Alice,"This game is so Awesome ! it has Great storyline and good Soundtracks. i have this game on my phone and already complete the game, now i have it on PC. I love Kotori XD."
,Recommended,326480,34067238,Posted: 6 August,all,✪ illyasviel -ubw-,I love this game <3
76561198046806847,Recommended,326480,17116756,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Abstract Nonsense,This game is absolutely beautiful I have played many visual novels and I love them my favorite has always been Grisaia  no Kajitsu. But this game is right up there with grisaia. The characters in this game are very likeable and just made laugh and smile. The voice over and translations are good (Do Note played the game with the restoration patch and Sweet Love applyed) The game graphics look really nice and there are beautiful scenes. The games story is really touching and sweet. At parts of this game my eyes were actually tearing up. The length is also good it took me around 15 hours to complete my first route (Kotori) Overall this is a fantastic VN so if your a fan of VN's then I would highly recomend this game. (I do have to recomend that you take the time to install the restoration patch and get working if you play this game though. Applying the restoration patch does disable the steam achievements though) After finishing all route with the path I move my files to another folder and reinstalled the game to skip through to get the achievements. I then deleted the game files and moved the patched files back. Have the patched version with all my save data and got all the achievements :)
,Recommended,326480,25337931,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,DimDito,"Played w/ Steam Restoration and Sweet Love UI patches. Route order Kotori > Ageha > Amane > Asa > Yoru. Will be focusing on the game and not the port.Konosora is a moderately long, lighthearted VN about friendship and flying (hence the title). As an engineer with great fascination towards aeronautics and commercial aircraft, I gravitate to this VN very much in the way that I, myself, wish to fly a glider. So I'm biased regarding that aspect.The story is interesting overall, though mostly paced excrutiatingly slow. The common route is filled heavily with plot conveniences and character interactions with little to no relevance to the plot, but they can be fun nonetheless. The flying sequences are, however, amazing, however biased I may be. That's mostly thanks to the nice, subtle music as well as amazing art that got my mouth agape several times. I can't stress that enough, from character sprites to all the CGs and the clouds in particular, they're outstanding. In short, the VN is easy on both the eyes and the ears.> KOTORI's route is obligatory, it has the most cohesive story and is the most consistently paced of all routes (next to Yoru's). Kotori is arguably the most dynamic and (personally) interesting character in the VN. I enjoyed her route a great deal and it wrapped up quite nicely towards the end.> AMANE's route is arguably the most canon to the plot, and is just as good--if not better--than Kotori's, in the way that it has more stakes involved and is most plot-oriented, though it's still pretty slow.> AGEHA's route I found to be the least interesting, and is incohesive to a fault (possibly due to the translations). It takes really long to pick up. In the end, Ageha didn't evolve by much and her motives are still quite vague to me.> ASA's and YORU's routes are surprisingly entertaining. They turn out to be quite interesting characters and Yoru's route especially, feels consistently paced albeit just as slow as Asa's. Asa's route was pretty anticlimactic and Yoru's route was nonstatisfactory, but they're still fun in the way that these routes are probably the least serious of all the others.To wrap it up; I like flying, so I got easily immersed by the game. Kotori's route has best characterisation, Amane's route has best plot (no pun intended). My waifu is Amane. Music is nice, art is amazing. The VN generally moves slow but has a couple of nice climaxes (no pun intended 2).I give Kono Oozora ni Tsubasa o Hirogete an 8/10 on VNDB"
,Recommended,326480,13838021,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,YoOoster,Got aroused by a duck. 11/10
,Recommended,326480,22605671,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,vanrian,"The story, is very good."
,Recommended,326480,13832759,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,黒猫,"this may well be one of the best vn to come out in steam in terms of story, content hours and art. even better with restoration patch to restore censored content if that's your thing.11/10 recommend!!"
,Recommended,326480,29010983,Posted: 4 January,all,Dipsi-Diptags,"This visual novel has an outstanding story, graphics, and touching sounds <3I even bought the deluxe version (with soundtracks)This visual novel also has a nice badges, and backgrounds for your steam profile (Look at my steam profile for example xD )9/10"
,Recommended,326480,14289319,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Illusion PlayHome,"One of the Best VN out there, it has good plot, You don't even need the 18+ stuffs"
76561198041940756,Recommended,326480,22754078,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,RedGryphon0,"Pretty good, about 4-5 routes with some ducks with tophats thrown in for good measure.10/10Make sure you download the restoration patch ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,326480,13762011,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Otong,I stop play this game because there's no Kanako route
76561198092712794,Recommended,326480,32749156,Posted: 24 June,all,★♥Kirigirifan57♥★,I really love this visual novel. 10/10.
76561198073703114,Recommended,326480,26708840,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,PetchZi,Great story.Great Soundtrack.Great character.Worth to buy it!
,Recommended,326480,32928030,Posted: 28 June,all,停留の思念〜♪,这个故事的背景、设定、色调、画风都是我喜欢的类型。既不是甜的发腻的奶油，也不是悲情的催泪弹。淡淡的清新，就像火热夏日里的品尝到的一个抹茶冰激淋。
,Recommended,326480,29575798,Posted: 29 January,all,Ninjasoldier014,Only got this for... scientific research ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,326480,14974193,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,h4fuz_,"AYYYYlove this ""visual novel"""
,Recommended,326480,15262259,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,ZephyrAzusa,"Ok before I begin this review, let me tell you that the 33 hours i spend on this game is ONLY ON THE MAIN STORY, I bet you can tell that I am heavily immersed in its story. Anyway lets get on to the review.Story: Now since this is a review I will try my best to not spoil much for some of the people who planned to get the game or haven't started on it yet. My Heart Had Wings story focused on a highschool club by the name of the '' Soaring Club '' which consist of the characters Aoi ( Main Male Character ), Kotori ( Main Girl Character ), Ageha ( Childhood Friend ), Amane ( Leader of the Soaring Club ) and later on Asa and Yoru ( Twins ). There are different routes for this VN but I will only talk about the main story ( Kotori ). Kotori your typical tsundere character but with a physical disability, she loss her use of her legs due to an accident. Our main male character (Aoi) also suffered a physical disability, his knee has problems that prevent him from continuing his passion from cycling. At first Kotori hates Aoi but since Aoi is able to understand her due to their losses, as time goes on Aoi managed to make her gradually open up. But enough of these 2, lets talk about the Soaring Club. The Soaring Club undergo many losses and sacrifices, whether it is emotionally of physically, each member suffered through different events that occur in the VN and you just became so immersed into story that you to see them overcome their problems.Visuals: The visuals of this game is absolutely stunning to the eyes. Every scene was drawn incredibly well and coloured with bright and vagrant colours. However, in 3D glider flights scenes, the glider itself looks ugly and old.Animation: The animation was very well done as well. During glider scenes, there are some scenes with shaking screens or even when the glider was about to took off. These kind of scenes have some kind of an impact to the reader as they allow them to experience what the characters are experiencing.Sound: My god. The sound themselves fits every scene well. No matter what kind of situation, whether it is good or bad, the sound themselves just made the scene so much better.My Final Score For My Heart Had Wings is 9/10, This is a very good VN that worth every penny and time. (P.S sorry if many of you find this not helpful, this is my first time writing a review.)"
,Recommended,326480,19907421,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,MacAndrews,"If my heart had wings is truly a masterpiece that brings many laughs and tears. The story is about Aoi Minase who comes back to his hometown which he haven't been to since 5 years. The first thing he does is to visit the new windmills that has been built when he was gone. He encounters a mysterious girl who's in a weelchair and they chat for some time. The real reason why Aoi is back is a job that he accepted from his mom, he's to work as a dorm mother for students. What he didn't know is that it's a dorm for girls, of course there's bound to be troubles. Much to Aoi's surprise the girl he met earlier on the windmill hill lives in that dorm (what a coincidence) but her personality has greatly changed from his view. Next morning on his way to the new school a cute girl calls out his name. She is Aoi's childhood friend Ageha and is in the same class as Aoi. They walk the road to school together whilst having a long-time-no see talk. I'm not gonna spoil anymore then that, please forgive me, I wrote more then I intended. Guess I got carried away thinking about this and it became more of a Summary then a review, oh well can't be helped. I finished the game with the Ageha route in about 14 hours (depends if you're a fast reader) but there are many other routes to take depending on your choices. Oh and before I forget, merry christmas to you all."
,Recommended,326480,22063707,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,4649,good and heartwarming storygood visualnice wallpaper for your profile
,Recommended,326480,14718578,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,douglas_abp,Otima Historia !
76561197992531570,Recommended,326480,16410389,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,veral42,"If My Heart Had Wings is one of the better VNs on the Steam system, and is a port of the Japanese title.  With a very touching story this is leaps-and-bounds beyond most non-port (Western) VNs.  Sadly however, as with most ports of japanese games, multiple scenes/CGs from the original have been removed from the English version to allow the rating to expand to be more inclusive.  Sadly, as a result, this leads to a negative impact on the VN's story.I highly recommend this VN: 8/10The English port is meh~: 5/10Final Conclusion:  This VN is well worth the read, in original form, but not worth the $15 asked for Steam's dumbed-down version.  If you really want to buy this on Steam go online and download the JPN to ENG fix patch to translate the removed scenes/CGs and re-add them to the game.  This works about 80% of the time.  If this fix doesn't work for you then I highly recommend returning this game on Steam and downloading the JPN version from elsewhere."
,Recommended,326480,14662896,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Buddy,"Why is there an option to bind ""minimize"" as shortcut? ( ͡° ʖ̯ ͡°)UPDATE: Played through Kotori path, took only 37 hours for me...To everyone who install the uncut patch: You have to actually work for H-Scenes!They are at the end, disappointed? No, its worth it ( ͡° ʖ̯ ͡°)I dont recommend buying the game just for the H-Scenes, there is better stuff out there for this ;)I will play the other storylines, then unlock achievements.Cute, beleaveable storyline: 10/10"
,Recommended,326480,31357207,Posted: 25 April,all,Natsumi Ryouko,This visual novel is one of my first visual novels that i actually bothered to finished. It has beautiful story although childhood friend was a pain to get thru but Amane-senpai best route. you cant convince me anywise
,Recommended,326480,29536409,Posted: 28 January,all,前 ユニコーン,"Although this isnt the original, its still a amazing experience.I will have fond memories of this game and its sound track."
,Recommended,326480,15665745,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,SMOrc,"One of my first visual novels. Never regretted playing this as my first. One of the best story lines I have ever played. I rate 69/10P.S: Asa and Yoru route is the best, especially with the restoration patch ( ͡~ ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,326480,33811732,Posted: 26 July,all,Angelprince,"Great overall, amazing BGMs, story that progressed nicely as the game went on. Actually a really inspiring, captivating even if slightly unrealistic tale of chasing your dreams no matter what obstacles you face. I could relate to the characters and felt with them. (side note: I am now inspired to fly through the sky) Plot may have differed from the original M-rated version at some points but understandable to make it SFW.Only two complaints I have - firstly about the length of each route and that certain parts got pretty draggy. Some may like it but I personally feel it could be shortened while retaining the great storyline. Secondly would be the poor translation (a rather major problem) - simple spelling/grammatical flaws that made some parts incoherent and even laughable.Those aside, a great game that can be made perfect. I'd give 8.25/10"
,Recommended,326480,29855051,Posted: 11 February,all,Strikasful,"summary :extraordinaryBest VN i've ever played !(+)Beautiful 2D art, high resolution, mesmerizing.Great Story line, not too short, good in building characters emotionsGreat musicfully voice covered(-)bad translation, bad grammar, typos and mistakes are everywhereAdult images ripped off to make it safe for work"
,Recommended,326480,15336074,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,超大胖头鱼,"From my prospective, this is a very nice game that I had never played before. The  plots are interesting and girls are cute. I should admit that this game attracts me by its own plots."
,Recommended,326480,16406082,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Ruben T,"Firstly i'm very new to the whole visual novels in general, but from the ones i've gone through i highly enjoy them.This game being my favorite as of now, the characters drag me into the story and hold me close. For each word that goes by i feel myself getting more attached to certain characters(we all have our favorites aka waifus).This game grabs me by the hand and takes me into a world full of experiences and adventures. I would HIGHLY recommend this VN, both for people starting out and for experienced people. Not only is the story great, but it also has voice acting giving characters more personality. Loving every second spent on it as of now, the road of collecting waifu cards, emoticons and backgrounds is a go!Most people shun VN in general, they have their reasons. I didn't understand it either at first, but now that i've gotten into them i see no life without them. Do i get weird reactions and messages about playing these games? You bet, do i care? No, i'm playing something i enjoy, something which is drawn with a lot of expertise.Recommended by a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ like me!"
,Recommended,326480,15286028,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Feels.exe,"I somehow ended up spending 20 dollars on this game... How? don't ask me... it sorta just happened..Kotori best girl, that is all."
,Recommended,326480,14979666,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Amaterasu,"""Extend the little wings which fly in this sky highly""This Visual Novel was beautiful in both artwork and music. The art was very colorful and astounding, and the music fit extremely well with each given scenario. The only drawback that I feel that needs to be addressed, is that the game is kinda slow in the beginning. Considering the fact that it took me 3 hours to hit the first choice, yeah, I think its kinda slow. But hey, that's just me being a Salty Sam.As for the patch that was released on Fuwanovel that restores all the H scenes, I can't inform you about that since I have not played it yet, nor do I intend to. There is a forum/rumor that more content is coming for If My Heart Had Wings which might include H scene restoration since the additional story had alot more H scenes in it.Overall, this VN is amazing. I will definitely play it again once I forget all about it. I HIGHLY recommend playing all the routes."
,Recommended,326480,31073207,Posted: 10 April,all,Nori Hayashi,"As a seasoned visual novel connoisseur I highly reccomend this one IF YOU PATCH IT BACK TO ITS ORIGINAL VERSION!!! There are tutorials on how to do this and it is a must. Fantastic soundtrack and plenty of high quality cg's. This is not a nukige so if your looking for f*p material look elswere. I would catogrize it as slice of life with assorted feels. Another fantastic VN from pulltop ( It is from pulltop, moe novel just provided the sh**y translation)"
,Recommended,326480,32107393,Posted: 1 June,all,yunchi,Recommend playing if you like long run VN.I Also recommend:[Key]:RewriteLittle Busters
,Recommended,326480,28476317,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Notice Me Senpai,"Got it on sale for $5. It's worth it. You can pay full price and still be happy, but it's on sale alot so just wishlist it and check once in a while if you wanna save some cash.The main story is wonderful, there isnt many choices though. I really enjoyed this VN. This was my 3rd VN I've ever played. The first two being Clannad and Tomoyo After.If you like VNs I recommend this one. There are some translation errors, esp in Ageha's route, but it's not a deal breaker."
,Recommended,326480,19682172,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Captain Ichabod,"A very good game. Good graphics, well-designed storyline and with a pretty good number of choices - not like the usual ""Yes or no"" games, but actually more realistic.Perfect for lovers of top hat-wearing ducks. The story is fairly interesting and rather gripping; I first downloaded this game on my tablet, and then couldn't stop playing (if ""playing"" is the correct term...) for a long time. One problem, however, is the ""Skip"" function: it is more of a ""fast-forward,"" and when I first played it after downloading the game on my PC, I had to wait for about 30-40 minutes to skip to the point where I left off. If there is a way that allows you to pick a major point in the story and skip to it that I missed, then you have my apologies for being inobservant. In addition, there are a few moments where the subtitles/narrative is completely wrong. Otherwise, I would say that this was the only major problem that I noticed.One thing that I hated wasthat it is impossible to date only Yoru, and that you can only pick either Asa or Asa and Yoru.Overall, a very good game. Although, £10? I'm still not sure if it was worth quite that much. Maybe £7.50 - £8, but not £10.RatingRoutes: 9 / 10Background: 6 / 10Characters: 8 / 10Realism: 9 / 10Overall: 8 / 10"
,Recommended,326480,21354793,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,[Jay]ジェイ[Rhic],"I would definitely recommend IMHHW if, you are 18+ and willing to install the restoration and sweet love patch.Because, probably it will fix some horrible lines. Otherwise, it is a no-no for me.Click here for more information.10/10for everything.Best grill:姫城 ほたる"
,Recommended,326480,18426524,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Pingu,"This game has got to be one of my favourite Visual Novels of all time. It has quality story, character development, top of the line characters and a setting that makes you really feel for the characters. 10 hours into my first playthrough/route I was so satisfied with the knowledge that there was many hours more gameplay.I rate this Game 8.5/10. although it meets and passes every criteria i personally think there were too little options when it came to choices."
,Recommended,326480,17700723,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Brownninja97,"Hmm well now.After nearly completing 2(3 left or 5 with the naughty patch) routes i think i should say a few words regarding this now.Its good very in depth.The story revolves around a bunch of kids that have an ambition to fly, they quickly come in contact with a clever person that actually can make a glider so they kickstart a club and get working. You will expect to learn a lot about gliders and planes, things about aero, how wings types effect the plane and thermals etc. A fair warning though, if you dont like planes you might get fed up for the rambling regarding the plane because boy they talk a lot about that plane.The charecters are very varied, you dont really have any charecter that could be taken out of the game and not be missed, they complament eachother rather well which isnt very easy to do judging by some of the other stuff out there on the market.The choices, this is a game which wants to play every route more then other visual novels, yes some people replay because they like more then one female and yes if you get the naughty patch then pantsu will hit the floor and yes their method of describing the ""events"" unfolding are hilarious. Anyways you will want to go though all of the charecters because they all fed into the past and future of the storyline, its like a jigsaw which needs to be finished. Endings seem pretty happy id say, well so far but i dont think this is the type of game to kill off and break a heart. Each route is very indepth, seriously it takes like 7-10 hours per route depending on your pace for reading.Artwork is very nice and thank you devs for making a game that works at 1080p, scary i know but japanese devs dont understand this crazy concept, no way 1080p in 2015 what madness.Music is nothing to scream over but it serves its purpose, it doesnt break immersion but it doesnt add to it very well.Overall its rather good, not sure if id call it amazing, take in mind that if you add the patch to the game which you will because they ripped out 40% of the game(5% of that is naughty scenes) then achievements will stop working.Well £11 for 50+ hours of content. Cant complain about that, its on steam so you know the rules, get it on sale."
,Recommended,326480,23938168,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Scoob,"Easilly one of my favorite VNs. It's quite long and is easilly worth the price, especially on sale, and you'll definitely want to complete all the different routes. Lots of ups and downs in the story but in the end the ending is always pretty sweet. It isn't just romance because it still revolves around the group of friends and the soaring club which is just a good. Of course make the decision to use or not use the restoration patch before you start (it won't keep your progress) and we can only hope the fan discs will eventually be translated cause you won't want it to be over."
,Recommended,326480,21140485,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,TroublsoumTroll,"... ./:::::::::::::::::”,-,,::\|”~-,,\,:”~-\”: :”-,::::/: :/:::,-“: :/::,-“/:::,-“:::/... /::::::::::::::::::/,__”-,\: : ,,-~”,',-,: : :\:/: :/:,-“,-~,”-,”:/:,,-“:,-//'.. |:::::::::::::::::/:o:::o: :,,-“/ ,-“:\.|: : : : “: -'”:/./,--,”\.'|”/::::::|-“..|:::::::/:::::::::/::/|:::|.\: : \.|'| ;|..|.|: : : : : : : :|.||;;;|././:|:::|:::|...|::|:::|::::::::/::'-':::'-,': : '\'\'~'_/,/: : : : : : ,: :'-'-—-'~': |:|:::|...|::|:::|::::::::/::::|:::::'|: : : “' —: : : : : : : : : :\: : : : : : /::'\::|...|::|:::|:::::::/:::::|:::::'\: : : : : : : : : : : : : : :': : : : : :/::::::|::|... \:|:::|::::::|::::::|::::::|,: : : : : : : : : :__,: : : : : : :,-“:::::::|::|... .'\|::|::::::|::::::||::::::\'~,: : : : : : : :'--~': : : : ,,~”\:::::::::|:/... ...'\:|:::::|::::::/.|::::::|: : “~,: : : : : : : : ,,-~,”::::::'\:::::::|:/... ... .\\:::::|”~,/-,|:::::::|: : : : —”~,-,,,-~”:::,,-'\::::::::\-_::|/... ... ..',\,::|~--'-~\:::::::|: : : : : : |::|,,-~”—..__\::::::::\.. .'|... ..,~”': : \|: : : : : \::::::|: : : : : : |—”'~~”~,”,: : \:::::::|.. /..,-“: : : : : :|: : : : : :\::::::|: : : : : : \: : : : : : “~'-,:\::::::|\,..|: : : : : : : |: : : : : : |::::|,\,: : : : : : : : : : : : : :”-,-\::::|: \..| : : : : : : : : : : : : : |::::|:'-,\: : : : : : : : : : : : : : :”-'\,|: :|...\ : : : : : : : : : :'\: : :\:::|: : '\'\: : : : :~,,: : : : : : : : : “~-',_... \: : : : : : : : : : :\: /:|:/: : : :',-'-,: : : : : “-,: : : : : : : : : : :,/”'-,... .\: : : : : : : : : : :\|: |/: : : ,-“....”-,: : : : : '\: : : : : : : : : ,/.....”-,... ...\: : : : : : : : : : \: |: : :/...........\: : : : : |: : : : : : : ,-“.........'\... ... .\ : : : : : : : : : '\': : /..............\: : : : |: : : : : :,-“.............|... ... ...\ : : : : : : : : : '\:/.................\: : :,/: : : : : /................/... ... ... \ : : : : : : : : : \....................\:,-“: : : : :,/................./... ... ... ...\ : : : : : : : : : \,_.............._,”======',_..........,-“... ... ... ... \,: : : : : : : : : \: —”'~---~”: : : : : : : : : : :—”~~,'... ... ... ... ..'\,: : : : : : : : : \: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : '|: : \... ... ... ... ... .\, : : : : : : : : '\: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :|: : '\... ... ... ... ... ...\,: : : : : : : : :\ : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : |: : :\... ... ... ... ... ... ..\ : : : : : : : : \: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :|: : : :\... ... ... ... ... ... ...\\,: : : : : : : :\, : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :/: : : : :\... ... ... ... ... ... ... .\\ : : : : : : : :'\ : : : : : : : : : : : : : :|: : : : : '|... ... ... ... ... ... ... ./:\: : : : : : : : :'\, : : : : : : : : : : : : |: : : : : :|... ... ... ... ... ... ... /: : \: : : : : : : : : '\,: : : : : : : : : : : |: : : : : :|... ... ... ... ... ... .../: : : '\: : : : : : : : : :'\,: : : : : : : : : :|: : : : : : |... ... ... ... ... ... ../: : : : :\: : : : : : : : : : :\, : : : : : : : : |: : : : : : |... ... ... ... ... ... ,/: : : : : : :\: : : : : : : : : : '\,: : : : : : : |: : : : : : |... ... ... ... ... ..,-“: : : : : : : :“-,: : : : : : : : : : \: : : : : : :| : : : : : |... ... ... ... ... ,/ : : : : : : : : : :”-, : : : : : : : : : :\: : : : : /: : : : : : /... ... ... ... ..,/ : : : : : : : : : : : : :”-, : : : : : : : : :'\: : : :| : : : : : ,/... ... ... ... ,/ : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : “-,: : : : : : : : :'\: : |: : : : : : /... ... ... .../: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : “-,: : : : : : : : '\: |: : : : : /... ... ... ../: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :“-,: : : : : : : \,|: : : : :/... ... ... ,/: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :“-,: : : : : : :\: : : : /'|... ... .../-,-,”,,-,~-,,_: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : “-,: : : : : :'\: : :'|: |... ... ...|',/,/:||:\,\: : : “'~,,~~---,,,_: : : : : : : : : :'\: : : : : :\,: :|:||... ... ..|: :”: ||: :”: : : : : : :”-,........ ——”''~~--~|\: : : : : : \:|: |'\... ... ..|: : : ||: : : : : : : : : : :”-,.......................|: : : : : : : \|: |,”... ... ..| : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :”-,.....................\: : : : : : : :\,|.|... ... ..| : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :”-,\....................,-“\: : : : : : : : '\”... ... ..| : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :”-\...............,/: : :\: : : : : : : : :\,... ... ..| : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : \,...........,/: : : : '\: : : : : : : : : |... ... ..| : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : \........./: : : : ,-~/: : ,: : |: :/: :|... ... ..'|: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : \~”—: : : : : |: :|: : /: :/: ,/: :/... ... ...|: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : |: : : : : : : :”-,,_/_,/-~”:|”—... ... ...|: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : |: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :|... ... ... |: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : |: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : |... ... ... | : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :|: : : : : : : : : : : : : : :/... ... ... .\: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :|: : : : : : : : : : : : : : /... ... ... ..\ : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :| : : : : : : : : : : : : : /... ... ... ...\: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : |: : : : : : : : : : : : : /... ... ... ... '\: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : |: : : : : : : : : : : : :"
76561197965813116,Recommended,326480,24313233,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,MyPingSuXx,"I was very suprised, this game sucked me in, i can highly recommend it, besides about cencorship i don't care about that, the story is very good. the only downside was the somewhat bad translation, but nontheless i could understand it anyways, i rate it 10/10 currently on my second playthrough"
76561198184874306,Recommended,326480,23076073,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Merx,"This is my first review on Steam and IMHHW is more than worthy of such an occasion.IMHHW is a powerhouse of emotional storytelling filled with lovable and memorable characters that brim with life and individuality. I had a blast playing through all character rotues and even enjoyed the common route as well.10/10~!Buy this game if you enjoy:- Visual novels- Amazing storytelling- A cool central element       ~  -/-   ~  *woosh*- Kawaii and very well done art- A beautiful and powerful soundtrack- Memorable and unique heroines- Making the important decision of choosing a waifu- Remembering that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ prof from high school...- and, crying your eyes out!!!CONS- Original content reduction (patchable)- Some dialogue mistakes (if memory serves)- Somewhat long common route (but enjoyable)I highly recommend this game to any fan of anime and/or fan of the genre!!Also check out the fan discs too!... If you can read kanji"
,Recommended,326480,33108028,Posted: 1 July,all,GHA21,"A visual novel (ビジュアルノベル) is an interactive game developed in japan in early 1990s, featuring mostly static graphics, most often using anime-style art or occasionally live-action stills (and sometimes video footage). -Wikipedia.Based on genre this game is suitable for people who interesting in story game, character personal and of course anime :) In my opinion this game so amazing, this is 1st game in my library that I play almost 30 hours now (I don't finish it yet). Lets we see what is the positif thing from this game.*PRO:1. Good artwork2. Good soundtrack3. Have many female char, so many route, long gameplay time, choose your favorite wifu :D4. Interesting story with centered in soaring club activity and glider.5. Video inserted in this game is in perfect timing, good visual too especialy in panorama scene.6. Galery in game helpfull, especially we forget take screenshoot when play game.7. Achievement and trading card.Althought this game have many postif thing, as a human creation this game is not perfect and have some part for improvement such as:1. Translation2. I feel like some scene missing, maybe because cencored because i not yet patch this game.3. Interaction only when you choose for routes, I hope there are some interaction to the female too hahaSo did I recommend? Yes of course! Get it when sale now, it really worth for who love VN genre (9/10)."
,Recommended,326480,13651600,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Kanako Mimura,already instal the Restoration Patch ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)dis gonna be gud
,Recommended,326480,23204357,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,おいしい枕,This game is only recommended for people who are well known at novels.This is just a game where u read and listen.For novel luvers :Great story try it out :3for beginners it is filled with much emotions and feelings soo if u like it to read then here we go :3
,Recommended,326480,17578407,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Yureina,"Mmm... okay, I better get this review over with.This is a dating sim, essentially. Though chances are you already figured it out. I ended up grabbing this on a whim at one point and eventually got around to playing it. As far as these sorts of games go, much is as you expect: high school, male lead with no voice acting, and a bunch of female leads that are some personality archetype with some added twists (like the Tsundere being bound to a wheelchair). What is new is the sheer volume of info this game throws at you about aerodynamics, and while that was interesting... its more info than the game needed.Actually, having ""too much"" is something I can throw at this game in a general way. It takes ~15 hours or so to go through one of the routes, but it feels longer than that as it is slow paced and has huge gaps where little of interest happens. This is not helped by the game having so few choices (and very simple ones at that) it almost feels like a Kinetic Novel (please be one or the other). In truth, I didn't even read all the text in this game because after the first playthrough (Kotori) I started skipping large amounts of dialogue that I hadn't seen yet because I knew nothing interesting was going to end up happening in a particular scene. Or rather, since basically every route of this game ultimately ends up in the same place, the ""new"" scene was basically the exact scene again with perhaps some slightly altered text. A VN that does this... has a pretty serious problem.Another thing this VN has too much of is drama. Now... drama is good, and some of my favorite VN's live off of it (Steins;Gate, Clannad, Little Busters!). But unlike those games, the drama here feels... fake somehow. The biggest story problems come from scenes that involve this teacher who has a MASSIVE petty grudge against your club and its long-standing member, Amane. He has ""reasons"", but he comes across as the most petty of fools desperately trying to cling to what little authority they might have in a feeble attempt to try to seem relevant. It does not help that, aside from Amane's storyline, you never find out what his weak excuses for being a massive jackass are. Unfortunately, since one of the most recent  ""new"" anime/VN's i've watched/played was Higurashi... I spent much of my time while playing this game thinking of all the fun ways I wish this teacher would die horribly. And it never happened. Where is Sonozaki Shion when you need her? :(Up to this point, you probably think I'm going to give this game a negative review. And trust me... this game is a hair away from me having done so. However, for much of what this game gets wrong, it gets too many other things right for me to do that and feel confident in doing so. Either that or I'm just sick of getting my negative reviews panned simply for being negative.So what does this game do right? Well, the characters can be quite interesting and some of them are better than average. Kotori, while far from my favorite character, has a rather serious and memorable storyline about overcoming her personal tragedy (being unable to walk due to an accident) and what that does to a young girl psychologically who had lived a normal life up until that point. The other routes are a mixed bag: Ageha's was hard to enjoy, Amane's was filled with drama but ultimately heartwarming, Asa's was nice and huggly, and Yoru's was... weird. It was Yoru who ended up being my favorite character simply by being a snarky genius (she kinda reminded me of Makise Kurisu from Steins;Gate) that was a massive breath of fresh air in the second half of the game. In a game filled with airheads or the often-depressed, Yoru was entertaining and made me laugh quite alot. Sad that she and her twin Asa are lolis and that her route was... what it was.The side characters tend to be pretty good too, except for that teacher and the idiot male tsundere Masatsugu. Kanako was fun too, though having her being the fan service girl by walking around half-dressed for much of her screentime was lame. Another character worth mentioning is Tatsuya, or A-chan, who sadly doesn't get much screen time but would have been great if he did. He kinda reminded me of being an older grown-up version of Natsume Kyousuke from Little Busters!, though Kyousuke is still better. Also the art was pretty good. Mostly.Ultimately, if it wasn't for Yoru, story moments that were genuinely heartwarming, and the pretty art, I would have given this game a bad review. Maybe i've just played too many VN's lately and seen too many similar but better things that I am being much more mean to this game than I otherwise would have. My two recent VN's were Higurashi (woohoo paranoid terror) and Eden (;_;), both of which were quite good (Higurashi especially). This game just does not compare well compared to those, but I can't call it bad without feeling a little dishonest. But just barely.One last thing: the translation is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Also this game has very heavy (and uneven) censorship, but I don't want to get into that issue because its been brought up plenty by other people elsewhere. You basically either have to play this as a bad localization or as an eroge. And while I no longer believe that all eroges are porn-fests that lack story (see the works of Key/VisualArts), I still don't like it. The lack of middle ground here depresses me. :(Anyway, I guess this game is ok. I very reluctantly give this game a ""yes"" because there is no ""maybe"" options and i've given worse games than this ""yes"" in the past. Also because people who comment and vote on Steam reviews suck. Yes, I'm talking about you. o_OBwee...Edit: Time has given me a more generous perspective on this game. Is it great? No. But it's not quite as bad as I had made it out to be. Still, much of what I wrote in this review stands, and the sheer volume of wordiness in parts of this game where interesting stuff just isn't happening guarantees i'll never play this game in its entirely again."
,Not Recommended,326480,18687325,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,ijsvrij,"If you actually care about aviation safety, this game will give you aneurysm. But otherwise pretty good story.However I do not recommend it because the translation is hilariously botched.Seriously, if you are an actual pilot licence holder, do NOT play this game. You will want to kill the protagonist and his friends."
,Recommended,326480,13498241,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,icefusion earthfusion firefusion,Playing Flight Simulator with beautiful senpai.10/10love her breast too
,Recommended,326480,14321869,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,DDR,"A simple grammar check would do this game justice.Also, 'big boobs' were translated to 'big eyes.'The entire discussion about girls with big boobs turned into a meaningless banter about girls with big eyes.Other than that,If My Heart Had Wingsis worth the price.Warning: The game is about flying on a glider, which is basically a plane with no engines. Not recommended for those who are afraid of heights.Warning: The game contains scenes in which the protagonists defy authority. Not recommended for white knights.Warning: The game contains lectures about aerodynamics and physics. Not recommended for Humanities students."
,Recommended,326480,14336231,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,ビス🅱🆁🆄🆂🅺,"just completed all 5 routes, played the fan patch version ( hence no achievs )Really enjoyed this vN.  Has 5 good routes, the story was enjoyable would recommend playing it with the fan patch."
,Recommended,326480,13809524,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,kira,2D.10/10
,Recommended,326480,13823031,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Mista Moo,H-scenes so descriptive
,Recommended,326480,20023674,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,夏目藍,"Good paint, good music, good story.The translation is 残念"
,Recommended,326480,15976753,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,ODB-418 'Foehammer',"I can't believe how amazing this game is!! I never would of thought that I would enjoy a Visual Novel, but this one was amazing. The characters are all very well written and the art is beautiful. I will admit that some scenes made me tear up. I recommend this to anyone who doesn't mind sitting down and reading a great piece of art.If only this novel was my life!!!"
,Recommended,326480,15742313,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,</>,"Good Novel, Spend 16 hours to complete one route.Good Story, Good OST, Good CG, Good Characters(I really want to date Akari and Kanako tho)Cons:- Predictable story i guess? but still, i love the story- Lots of Typo in the translation"
76561198047443969,Recommended,326480,14554327,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Hououin Kyouma,"This game is a test. If after playing it you don't feel anything, if you haven't cried at least once, there is something seriously wrong with you. I've been isolated like a few of the charcters in this game, and reading through it gives me hope for a bright future. This visual novel (because to be honest, it can't really be classified as a game by any definition) is so touching and is worth your time. Your first playthought will be between 25-30 hours, and after that you'll be able to skip most of it to finish all of the other routes, or reread it and enjoy it all over again. There are parts where you laugh, cry, and just start dancing (there is some pretty good music to go along with this novel) I'd personally recommend installing the restoration patch before playing, as the censorship in it is pretty bad (Check the forems for a how to). Fair warning, the sex scenes are pretty descriptive and may make a few people uncomfortable. Overall, between all the different routes, getting to know each character, and seeing each one's ending, i've been inspired to look for the best in people, something i haven't done in as long as i can remember, and find someone who i can share a dream with!"
76561198152081565,Recommended,326480,15750614,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Floki Ω,"Love the game! Has a pretty damn good storyline imo. Has voice acting in it as well which I like, and is done pretty well. It helps get you more involved in the story hearing their voices. Least it did for me. Though it would be nice if the MC ( Aoi Minase) had a voice too. All-in-all it is a great visual novel, great story and the background art is beautiful too! Would definitely recommend this game. As long as you like reading.. eheh.."
,Recommended,326480,13806229,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Apollyon,10/10Fell in love with this VN instantly. Such a delightful experience to with all the feelings put into it.It was sooooo good that I had to do the whole thing twice.The OSTs are what gives this game a lot of feel to it along with the story/paths.ꈍ ﹏ ꈍლ) All the time spent on this VN is worth it.
,Recommended,326480,21782589,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,_andy,"I would recommend this game to anyone who is starting out with VN or is already into VN. I also recommend getting the restoration patch + sweet love ui if you want the ""full content."""
76561198171491451,Recommended,326480,13833181,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,R3dd3su,"I have played many VN's over the years. This is one of the better ones. Some of the translations are a bit off, but I've played others which were much worse. Overall the story is very good. The characters, artwork, and music are good. The only complaint I have is the extremely poor handling of bringing the VN to western audiences by removing the adult content. I don't mind that the adult content is removed. Generally the adult scenes do not really add much to the underlying story. But the way in which it is removed in this game is terrible. Its as if reading a book and someone has just ripped out random pages. Especially during the Ageha ark which is just unplayable and incomprehensible. If they had just toned scenes down (Like how they added towels in the bath scenes versus being nude) and left the content in, that's one thing. But it seems as if Moe Novel just cut scenes out without putting anything in leaving us readers wondering just what is going on.I plan on downloading the restoration pack I read about in the discussions, as well as buying the actual Japanese game (I understand some Japanese). This is a good story and it seems worth it.If you like this kind of story and game. By far the best story and game I have ever read / played is Clannad. Go check it out if you can."
,Recommended,326480,20412227,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,shrimp,A good 10 full minutes of gameplay is bells11/10
76561198279203753,Recommended,326480,25174273,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,kent.yannayon,"Alright, so to begin, I decided to give this one a try because of the aviation theme, and myself being a pilot. I haven't really ""read"" too many visual novels, so I'm not exactly an authority on what a visual novel should be, but I liked this one. First and foremost, it is mostly a drama with comedy mixed in, but the overall theme could be summed up as ""letting go of a painful past to experience something better."" All of the characters that show up in the first chapter have something from their past that they need to overcome to move forward, and character developement is driven by the plot of them working together to try something most of them had previously not thought of doing: building and flying their own glider. Apparently there are six total endings, five of which appear to be romantic stories involving one of the disproportionate number of girls in the soaring club. I realize based on the core story cutscenes that the main story is a romance with Kotori, a girl who has been confined to a wheelchair after an accident, but I felt the most natural story was with Ageha, the childhood friend who recognizes the main character right off the bat after he returned to his home town. So, that's the only one I've completed so far. I saw in another review that before being translated by MoeNovel and put on Steam, this VN was originally in the ""eroge"" genre. If you don't know what that means, I'll save you some time, it basically means pornographic. I'm glad they edited that out for the steam release, I think it would have detracted a lot from the more innocent story that I read. Not to say there isn't anything suggestive, and you can call me a prude all you want, but I think that if there was more explicit material it would not have fit my pallete as well. Also, I liked the OST, if you've heard music inspired by flight as much as I have, a lot of the instrumental themes will bring up feelings of nostalgia. I feel that I've heard it before, but I honestly haven't, if that makes any sense. Now, for some complaints... Ok, just one, I think I only made three or four choices in a story that lasted nearly twenty hours. I would have greatly appreciated it if I'd had more say in what the main character does, and there were many times that the character wrestles with a decision, but the audience isn't asked. Ok, I get it, too many decisions in something this long, and you're writing and animating and paying voice actors for a lot of different scenes. I understand that, but there were just too many decisions made that I felt would have been more fun to put into the audiences hands, instead of just asking which girl the audience wants the character to spend an event with a few times, and then deciding which overall story to tell. Overall, though, as nerdy as this story telling medium seems to be considered, I like it. It reminds me of the Goosbumps: Choose Your Own Story books I read as a kid, but these tend to be directed at a more mature audience, and there's so much more stimulation from the visuals, the music, and the voice acting, which mostly for my English-only speaking self mostly just clarifies the tone in which something was said. Anyways, if I had to give this a rating on a scale of 1-10, I'd put it in the 8.5/10 ballpark. My complaint, despite in my mind actually being a semi-serious issue for me, is well outweighed by everything that went right, from theme, to characters, to art, the soundtrack, to the story told. Well, safe flying ya'll."
,Recommended,326480,18812793,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,YanLee,"The game itself is very well done. But I think there could me more things where you have to decide, so the game would be a bit more interesting, I played it 5hours and didn't do anything except for clicking to read. It could be that I don't understand where I schould click do do stuff, but I don't think so. Just waiting for the first decission I can make. I still think this game is awesome just because of the graphics. ;D  Have Fun"
76561198304274325,Recommended,326480,24318767,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Kyaa~~~,I love the art and bgm..not bad :D
,Recommended,326480,14451604,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Qurred,"It isn't the best VN that I have read, but If My Heart Had Wings is still really enjoyable.The plot is branching and it has semi long common route.It is pretty safe to say that you will be dragged into their world. Not to forget that you will become thirsty for more information about aircraft.The mood is kinda light, but there will be some events which will make you mournful.The graphics are beatiful and well done. None of heroines are too cheesy and the protagonist is just a normal guy.While requiring multiple game through it doesn't surprisingly become unnatural for player.On the contrary it brings much more depth to the story. I'm not saying that there will be no frustrating moments, but that is just something that needs to be endured.Background music is relaxing and generates nice mood to events. There is also sound effects that bring more life to events.Restoration patch isn't must-to-do because you can still enjoy the story, but I'm not doing this to tell you what to do."
,Recommended,326480,23733270,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Kuriyama,"This Visual Novel was awesome , I like how the story goes , The female characters are good thoughAnd yea this can make motivation beside the ""If you know what I mean"" things :DDDI gave 10000000/10!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,326480,18579915,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Jmi :p,"Emotions Intensifies...Worth wasting alot of time for this..Best VN so far. for me.(better than clannad, sry clannad fans)I cant wait for Flight diary...Also Aoi looks likehttp://myanimelist.net/character/99663/Youji_ItamiWhiter version xD"
,Recommended,326480,29305328,Posted: 16 January,all,Moeniac,"If My Heart Had Wings is an immensely outstanding visual novel in many ways. The scale here is massive compared to other visual novels I've read, meaning the character development is effective not just because the game pulls any special strings, but because you're just spending so much time with these characters; they can be themselves and you can still grow fond of it from the overexposure. It kind of mimics real life in a sense that your close friends don't have any defining features to them, you just grow to like them from the bond you've created over a large period of time. Not a lot of visual novels can pull off that kind of character development successfully, let alone character development in general, so I've grown to like this visual novel a lot because of that. There's also tons of other things to enjoy here, like a great soundtrack, some beautiful art, and the fact that they managed to have a dub for this game despite the huge amount of text there is to read. That's not to say there are some nitpicks here, such as an occasional translation error or some questionable character choices, but I can only imagine it's hard to make the game consistently perfect from just how much there is to see here.Overall, I'd give it a solid 9/10. It's a must-read for any fan of visual novels, so long as you're willing to invest a large amount of time into it."
,Recommended,326480,21355904,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,1caiser,I tripped and fell.This visual novel picked me up.
76561198239556700,Recommended,326480,17556490,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,saturnscoria,"The women in this visual novel have many of the personalities that you see in many other visual novel harems (Kotori the tsundere, Ageha the childhood friend, Amane the airheaded senpai, etc.) But these personalities were executed very well in this visual novel. The translation from Japanese to English was kind of rough in places. grammar freaks beware. The storyline was amazing, with awesome character developments as the story progressed. I just wish that Kanako had a route in this visual novel, that would've been awesome."
,Recommended,326480,32196157,Posted: 5 June,all,SupbroJOJO,If U want some Wifu with a good Story... This Game is Perfect for ya I also Foud my wifu on this Game to Her name isHimegi Ageha Buy it Trust Me :)
,Recommended,326480,16614073,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,๖Cнerry,Duck stole my panties
,Not Recommended,326480,25256626,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,blackWind,"If My Heart Had Wings is a decent moege, from the routes I played at least, brought down by a crappy translation that reads like it was proofread by a kindergardener with an inclination towards censorship. I can't recommend buying this game at full price, and I highly suggest waiting until the retranslation patch is released."
,Recommended,326480,29103356,Posted: 7 January,all,Killerofnl1919,"I have had great experiences with this game already, it's story really dragged me into it and the artwork is amazing. I like the voice acting and the personalities of the individual characters. The only real problem I have with this game is ''The Ageha route'' because of the bad translation which the restoration patch doesn't fix. It was the first route I took and I got confused and had to look up what was going on. Besides that its a fun game in my opinion and worth the price."
,Recommended,326480,17453479,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,囍 YuFen,"This was definitely an amazing story with fantastic characters and a great soundtrack, loved every bit of this visual novel, it would be awesome if they made an anime out of this lol. 10/10!"
,Recommended,326480,27249690,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Alpha,I came out of my eyes
,Recommended,326480,15077976,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,vrex,What am I doing with my life?
,Recommended,326480,14412917,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Arky,cute. gotta get that fan patch for real tho.
,Recommended,326480,15094599,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,NoblePostman,VNOTY11 morning glories from 10
,Recommended,326480,29180711,Posted: 11 January,all,JXSama298,"""If My Heart Had Wings"" by MoeNovel. Where can I even begin with this one? I first discovered this game on mobile, but due to the pay to play approach it took, I quickly lost interest. It was then I found the game again on Steam, and figured I'd give it another shot. What I got was a story that I didn't even KNOW I wanted, and a Visual Novel that quickly rose to my top 5. So, let's get into it!I'll start with the story, and don't worry...I'll avoid spoilers. You play as Aoi...a transfer student returning to his childhood hometown after an accident. Along the way you meet 3 of our 5 main heroines (the other 2 come much later), Kotori, Ageha, and Amane. Plot happens and you end up joining the Soaring Club, a club at your high school with a goal to build a glider and fly above the Morning Glory.The music in this game is fantastic! I often found myself humming along to some of the more catchy tunes, and really feeling the emotions the game wanted me to feel during its scenes. My favorite though has to be the main theme...something about it is just so grand that it connects with the player, and conveys that this is a journey worth taking.One downside I will mention is the translation can be...well awful. I don't know if the translators aren't native English, or they just didn't bother to proofread, but seeing grammar utterly destroyed while you're reading an emotional scene can kind of take you out of the experience.If you're still unsure, wait for the game to go on sale. It usually goes under $5...trust me...you'll get more than what you pay for."
,Recommended,326480,29345489,Posted: 18 January,all,TisamonSalmae,"This was an interesting game. I enjoyed the different character stories very much as they really allow you to empathise with them and get an idea of how they're feeling during situations. Unfortunately, it is quite repetitive and there is a huge amount of dialogue without many decisions to be made, so it feels more like just a visual novel that is played for you instead of a visual novel that you play. And some of the routes feel rushed to be finished towards the end, specifically Ageha's route. This one had loads of potential and opportunities to show the relationship between childhood friends becoming a couple, but lacked romance incredibly. There were a few scenes which were very special due to the lack of them, but they needed more, and the ending as very abrupt. However, it is a good game with tons of effort put into it that is shown clearly throughout; the story was great, the artwork was brilliant, and having all the routes reveal different information about different people involved in other routes was a brilliant idea as it gave a much broader perspective about the lives of those in the story and what they've been through. Would definitely recommend if you dont mind reading a lot."
76561198110598848,Recommended,326480,29542717,Posted: 28 January,all,AlReev,"Firstly, I've read this VN a couple of years agoIf My Heart Had Wings or Kono Oozora ni, Tsubasa o Hirogete is a heartwarming story about a group of people who wanted to fly on a glider and reach ""The Morning Glory"", a rare phenomenon in the sky where you could find a roll shaped clouds.To tell you the truth, If My Heart Had Wings was one of the first Visual Novel I've read in my life. Obviously, it was a great experience.The story is great. The main characters are likeable. And so on. The game will also educates you gliding and so on, something that you may or may not enjoy. At least the common route feels a lot shorther than The Fruit of Grisaia.As for the character routes, it's not mind blowing or anything really, it's all about the character development. Also, I only read Kotori and Ageha's route. Again, nothing superb but it's enjoyable. Somewhat biased towards Ageha because I like really her routes and she's cute.From the technical side, artstyle is pretty much good. You can already tell from the storepage. SFW CGs and NSFW CGs looks beautiful with their cute artstyle. Heck, even the backgrounds are nice to look at.Soundtracks? I couldn't remember exactly but they're well fit with the game.Now, here's the main problem, the translations. They're trying too hard to change some dialogues to make it lesssexual. Which in the end, makes a lot of things doesn't make sense. There's a typo here and there too IIRC, which can ruin your enjoyment.In the end, If My Heart Had Wings is still a great VN for people to enjoy. Definitely recommend to purchase it, especially when it's on sale."
,Recommended,326480,13761069,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,hazumuchan,"Although the price may be at more of a premium than a lot of other visual novels, you do get a lot of ""game"" for your dollars!  The writing and character development is excellent, and the images are beautifully rendered.  Many times, I found myself cheering for certain characters and was able to lose myself in the story.  I would definitely recommend this VN!"
,Recommended,326480,22059763,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,The Glorious Potato,Would you do it with a girl in a wheelchair? WOULD YOU?
,Recommended,326480,27650019,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TK`ツ,"Good Game, I recommend playing this withRestoration patch and Sweet Love UI patchif you don't care about the achivement"
,Recommended,326480,31673881,Posted: 10 May,all,OG(死八婆)FERY悲(死仆街),"I Really Like The Novel, Good Story, Lovable Characters And A Good Main Character. I Highly Recommend This Novel."
,Recommended,326480,14635765,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,TakatoMakino,"Absolutely fantastic.The game is just amazing. The soundtrack is gorgeous, the art is beautiful and the history it's just breathtaking, the game will make you smile, laugh and cry. Completed it without the restoration patch all routes, and still, every second of it was pure bliss. This is by far one of the better games I ever played on my entire life.There is a short demo version on Android, iOs and in the MoeNovel site.Try it, you will not regret.This game deserves a 10/10. No joke."
,Recommended,326480,30940479,Posted: 4 April,all,Minato Namikaze[NARUTO],"who should I choose urmmmm...addictive so far, couldn't wait to reach my own ending hmmm!!btw, glider tutorial DIY damn..i got excited over a glider just like them too xDThis is my first visual novel genre game and i love it!Story which make our heart warms (*^^*)"
76561198124828411,Recommended,326480,17828522,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,BloodyKharma,"As far as visual novels go I haven't played many but this is definitely one of my favorites, I found myself growing attached to the characters and their stories, desparately hoping that all of their dreams came true! Every single character stands out and are unique in their own way, they all have their own struggles and hardships they wish to overcome, and what they say and how they react to the world around them is a relfection of this. If your looking for something with tons of action, fight scenes or explosions then this is not the game for you. Its a Visual Novel following ordinary people in an ordianry world, who all share one common goal to surpass their human limitations and soar through the heavens!"
,Recommended,326480,34035079,Posted: 5 August,all,TRyhard Otaku,Good Story good characters.But on middle of the game a trade card ruined a part of game :'(
,Recommended,326480,22250885,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Hussard,"Um a pretty normal vn/gal but pretty good for recent year standards. The story is ok, soundtrack is good and so on. If YOU actually want to know the whole story and actually get what does half of the story mean, i mean I'm Japanese but the english translation is just... To actually feel the story its best to get the uncensor patch and sweet love ui patch at same time, there is a guide on how to do itAnyways 8.9/10"
,Recommended,326480,27616617,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Celsius ✘ Raspberry,Haven't finished this yet but great soundtrack :)) recommend DLC and great story with lovable voiced characters and gr8 art
76561198097456174,Recommended,326480,14889178,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,BlazingZarix,+Great Art.+Great Heroines.+Realistic(for a VN) and Engrossing story.+Best VN I have played so far.-Some parts drag on just a little bit.9/10 Best
,Recommended,326480,14850752,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Brett50,"Really well written storyline, makes you want it to never finish, with or without the restoration patch!Also, Amane Senpai <3 <3 <3"
76561198177797526,Recommended,326480,33999395,Posted: 3 August,all,RavenBoy,"Well, This is one of my Favorite VN"
76561198045495046,Recommended,326480,34099193,Posted: 8 August,all,2good,"Well, what to say about this VN...I liked it pretty much, the story is enjoyable and the Art is quite nice. The music was also very to my liking.But the translation was just terrible, really, really terrible with such obvious mistakes that it makes me cry. It feels like somebody just took an MTL and did zero to minimal editing. In some cases it is simply wrong and in some cases it messes up names when words like nee-san are used in the audio.So, to fix this, take the patch, even if you don't like or need the H-scenes (like me) you really need it because of the translation.I would still recommend buying this game, if you are into this genre of school-romance-drama, but, please, use the patch for the sake of the story.Edit: Sorry for getting your hopes up for an improvement of the translastion, but the patch sadly does not correct the mistakes (at least in my case), anyway here's the link for the guide to the patch:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=501001760"
,Recommended,326480,34206816,Posted: 12 August,all,Alexandra Bloomquist,Very cute game!
,Recommended,326480,15398957,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,muh boi shingo,"Honesly, this is the first visual novel in my life.However-Good story-Nice jokes-Yea, a lot of beautiful girls-Easily to understand the storyI spent bunch of moey to buy trading card of this game10/10"
,Recommended,326480,21434303,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Fluffy Butt X3,"The music in this game was really good and i really enjoyed playing it. If you're into anime games and games with a bit of slice of life to them, then this is the game for you! :)"
,Recommended,326480,21419899,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,TranzRail,"Here's my thoughts on ""If My Heart Had Wings""[Story]The story is decent but certain elements are a bit long winded. There is a lot of detail pertaining to glider construction and operation, which can be quite distracting. Other than that, this visual novel is what you would expect - your typical high school male is surrounded by females, who (very little effort on his own) is able to attract their attention (player choice depending). The two elements that drew me into playing this visual novel was the prominence of a character with a disability and the concept of a ""soaring club"" at high school. Combined, these two elements work well together to create a unique story. The individual character story arcs are all really good at allowing the player to connect on one level or another, and you are left feeling somewhat emotionally connected to them (at least, that's how it was for me).If this particular visual novel isn't to your liking, and you're after a real tear-jerker, I thoroughly recommend CLANNAD (despite its price, it is worth every penny).[Translation]I did notice more than several issues with the English translations, some of which are quite big, others are small mistakes (such as missing a letter). Having played only one other visual novel prior to this (that being CLANNAD), the translation absolutely needs some work.[Graphics]The native resolution is 1280x720. Having played this in fullscreen mode at a resolution of 1920x1080, I noticed that during certain scenes that had a zoom-in effect, the picture quality becomes a bit blocky on the focused area. However, this isn't often given the length of the visual novel, and doesn't really hurt it overall.[Sound]I had no issues with the sound quality. Audio appeared clean, and clear. Since I don't know Japanese, I can't really grade the voice acting.[Compatibility]No issues on Windows 8.1 x64.[Notes regarding Censored Version]This game has a much merkier past, though a fair number of visual novels do. This game was originally 18+ due to the adult content. This particular version, is throughly censored throughout compared to the original (abeit, there are one or two scenes which some might argue should have got the chop too). It wasn't until after I played the Steam version that I became aware of the missing content. After reading the reviews on Steam, I opted to try out the community patch for purely academic purposes. After playing through at least two character routes, I can say that despite the Steam version being censored, the story does a good job of standing on its own (by which I mean, the removal of the adult content has not created gaps in the story). I feel that the adult content (for the most part) was an unnessecary addition to the game, unless you are specifically looking for a game with those sorts of interactions and depictions."
,Recommended,326480,21633763,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Parooka,"Very good story. This is what got me interested in visual novels. i just hope that they keep making translations to PullTop's visual novels because they tell very good storys. People complain that they want the h-scenes in because it takes away the story. The story is fine how it is and it doesn't need those scences. You will very much enjoy this story,"
76561198048864031,Recommended,326480,21478227,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Colonel,"This is one of my favorite V.N (Visual Novel.) Remind me alot of Clannad and Your Lie in April (Anime.) It is really heartful and warm story. It is like your riding on a roller coaster along you playing this V.N. I havent went other routes beside Kotori, because I am afraid out of all other girls... I gotta say Kotori is perfect for main guy. Maybe I gotta play again and try other routes to just clear all achivments but still...This V.N. is really good...alot of good scenic pictures, oh and beatufal artworks. Its all about glider and realtionships between girls and the main progranist such as classmate, old childhood, sepnai/kohuai. They had to work out the issues bettween them while working on the gliders, not just their own issues but their pasts. Just go and play this game....or rather reading....it is more like a novel than playing a game...so I would say reading this a game. Whatever... Just go it is reallly good! :-D"
,Recommended,326480,21641901,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,DomBiohazard,Amazing :D
,Recommended,326480,21403303,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,TatsumiRP,♥♥♥♥ed a disabled girlHad anal sex with a childhood friendSuper repeat student gave me a footjobHad a threesome with loli twinsI'm disgusting myself and I have no friends anymore11/10
,Recommended,326480,21418579,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,RoverZ1220,"A visual novel for people of all ages... at least on Steam. The translation offered on steam is very child-friendly and entertaining, but the original version holds as the better one. Would recommend playing through your favorite paths, then installing the restoration patch (assuming you're 18+) and seeing how different they are. Hint: the restoration patched version is far superior."
,Recommended,326480,21419546,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,motu patlu,if you're looking for h scenes without skipping the story be ready to mash enter for a few daysand by a few days I literally mean a few days
76561198087475407,Recommended,326480,21611315,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Doctor Dan,"How can i put this... This VN was outstanding. With the exception of leaving to go to school and work, the past 4 days I have spent almost every moment of my time playing this. When I think about it now, I probably should have made it last over a longer period of time. I finished too quickly and now I'm very much bummed out. :(----- On to the review!5 seperate routes. The first choice dosen't come until after the 1st opening movie which takes about 6-7 hours to get to, depending on how fast you can click and read! After that, each story is actually quite unique. I half expected each route to have the same ending but with different ways of getting there. Each route revolves around one of the five main female protagonists. In each route, you can decide which girl you'd like the story to spend the most time on.Bonus: Whichever girl's route you pick, they will eventually become your girlfriend(s) aswell.lol Yoru and Asa  ^^^^^There are a couple CONS, however.The game very much tries to emphasize the importance of the club that you are all in, and in doing so, It spends waaaaayyyyyyy to much time talking about the glider, sky, and etc. Some might say they like that aspect because it feels slightly more immerseful and gives the reader more knowledge of what the characters are talking about. Buts its my review so i say its a con. :)    Additionally, as you probably know, the voice audio is in Japenese, and the text is English. In the initial release in Japan, the game was 18+ and had alot more adult scenes. When the game became available in other countries, primarily the U.S., a clean version was submitted as the only version for purchase. In doing so there are some points in a couple of the routes (Ageha's.....) where any text that anything to do with sex was replaced with ""filler"" and alot of this filler makes literally no sense. There are times where 10-15 minutes of text will make absolutely no sense to you because its all been destroyed by translation and nonsense. Alot of engrish lolIn the wider scope of things, those things didnt really matter to me in the end. I absolutely loved the story and each character had tons of emotion put into them and it did an exceptional job of immersing me into each moment. I love this game to death    10/10 would definitely play again"
,Recommended,326480,28451173,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Pathetic /b/oatfucker,"11/10Expected to bang a girl in a wheel chair, instead got a Private-Pilot's license and an Aeronautical Engineering Degree. (Oh, and I banged the Riddle Rat)"
76561198138903473,Recommended,326480,35173953,Posted: 24 September,all,CheesyRhombus,one of the best vn i have played...
,Recommended,326480,13696908,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Masquerampage,"FREAKING GORGEOUS VISUALS!!This is by far the most beautiful visual novel I've ever encoutered. Unlike others there's frequent scene changes, almost everything is animated or drawn, and there's even mini-animations outside of cutscenes! This is on a whole different level than any other VN I've ever played, and I've played a good deal.Other bonuses: did I mention the art is FLAWLESS?! I'm in love with the backgrounds. The sountrack is beautiful, and there's tons of voice-overs to go with the text. I think they do a good job of balancing the appeal between all the characters, usually I only feel attached to one or two. I'm really enjoying the story so far. I got so caught up in it that I read all through the night and ended up only getting a couple hours sleep. Oh, and I do reccomend getting the restoration patch. Without it you do lose some of the story.My only complaint is that there are very few options to choose from on each route. I like shaping the story throughout, so If My Heart Had Wings is limited in that sense. Even so, it's a great buy. =)"
,Recommended,326480,13845737,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,BoxeR,"This VS is nice. Completely worth buying it.but the romance part is a little short, the making gliders part is too long."
76561198132751953,Recommended,326480,25831373,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Glasses-Kun,"A fairly good slice-of-life eroge that had the unfortunate fate of being localized by morons who didn't understand the target audience this game was forPros+Nice slice-of-life plot for majority of game+Main girls and protagonist quite likable (especially Kotori and Amane)+Art is quite nice+Music is quite fitting to game+Unexpectadly large amount of H-Scenes in patchCons-Absolute ♥♥♥♥ing butched localization which removed h-scenes, and censored some dialogue (making Ageha's route almost unplayable)-Romance of game felt a bit standard (though still enjoyable)-Amane's route is locked until you complete Kotori's routeLocalized Version: 3/10 (Almost Unplayable)Regular Version: 8/10 get the Restoration patch for this10/10 On How not to Localize a VN"
,Recommended,326480,32991963,Posted: 29 June,all,ｒｉｗａｍａ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"I Love this game, i've been complete all route before i bought this game, and i play it again and i'm still didn't get bored for this been a while.You Like VN? You Must Buy & Play this game"
76561198101106267,Recommended,326480,23720513,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Jaylor Swift,"This game ruined me mentally,the emotions this game made me feel were beyond that of anything i've ever felt in real life.the twins man......the twins.That being said I give it a 10/10 great story,art,voice acting,and it only took me 3 hours to patch in the H scenes."
,Recommended,326480,13653813,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Tomoko Kuroki,"Great game. I downloaded the restoration patch for some extra fun, you should to ( ͡~ ͜ʖ ͡°)"
76561198067322131,Recommended,326480,23606583,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Capt. Jack,That duck from hell...
,Recommended,326480,20761090,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,TheSilentOwl,Have to play this game in steam offline mode... All but one or two of my friends would never let me hear the end of it if I did this online...
76561198171604171,Recommended,326480,14121987,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,399,"The story in this is truely amazing. There are a couple translation errors here and there but it's not unreadable. Even with  some content of the original version cut out, the story still flows pretty well. I recommend this vn to all who truely ""love the sky."" ;D"
,Recommended,326480,32247372,Posted: 7 June,all,General StarBurner,"A compelling visual novel revolving around a device that few have ever seen: gliders. I thoroughly enjoyed the entire visual novel (post restoration patch that you can find in the community guides), but I can only faithfully recommend 3 out of the 5 routes; If you're not looking to spend 50 hours seeing if all the routes are good, the first route (Kotori) is the best one by far.  Excluding whether the character interested me or not, I found that the other routes weren't as well written as the first one due to their lack of conflicts to keep me interested.Nice VN; Even helped me review one of my physics classes ;-)"
,Recommended,326480,28110049,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,REPOner,"This visual novel was a great experience!A very heart warming story and characters. Tobioka can♥♥♥♥♥off tough.Too bad the restore patch content did not make it to the steam release.. They could've just done it like how Ryan Koons's done with HuniePop, dont yall think?"
,Recommended,326480,32811006,Posted: 26 June,all,COMRADE ARISU,I LIEK WEABOO GAME
76561198008753291,Recommended,326480,14383488,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,VitalAbyss,5/5This may be one of the best put together Visual Novels I have ever read. It has and indepth and heartfelt story. The conversations flow natural. And the sountrack sets the perfect mood in all sutuations.It grabs at you and plays your emotions like a fiddle. You will find yourself smiling without thinking and laughing aloud like your with old friends.This novel is a must read.
,Recommended,326480,16095292,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,anriii',"bought this drunk and played parts of it drunk and i liked it, played it the day after again and i still like it9/11 would recommend and replay this grandiose game ヽ༼, ͡ຈ ͜ʖ ͡ຈ,༽ﾉ"
76561198089415553,Recommended,326480,23573084,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,WizardWorgen,"Buy it, Patch it, Play it...I really enjoyed it, nice story, very emotional, the build up of the relationship is kinda slow, but well worth it. especially with the H-Scenes.Remember to Skip all the boring technical parts in the story, they talk about planes a lot, and in detail. UghThe uncensored patch may seem complicated, but just follow the community guide step-by-step, and you should be fine. I only had a problem with the last part of it as my AntiVirus program kept deleting the last part of the patch called NTLEA. If you can, allow it to continue, or pause real-time scanning."
76561198119747848,Recommended,326480,23340286,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Mc Happy Meal,"Definetely recommend it!you could even get a different BG after you completed all routes and will be greeted ""otsukare deshita"" when you quit the game!"
76561198201610519,Not Recommended,326480,19639483,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Putonghua73,"Finished 'If My Heart Had Wings' - or rather finished the Common Route - 19 hours in. Obtained 'Bad Ending' (no routes) 21 hours in.I have next to no desire to re-read content just to play specific routes. I appreciate this is common for VNs, However the 'choices' for IMHHW were so anodyne re: who looks best in a bikini, whom do you wish to accompany to the supermarket, and were so few and far between, that I find it hard to retain any sense of credulity that such choices presented a potential route.Perhaps I'm playing in the mind-set of an early 40s British guy which is the issue, and one who is not completely au-fait with VNs. But I'll be damned if I will spend hours re-reading the same dialogue, especially narrative that wasn't terribly enthralling in the first place. Except for Armane (for obvious reasons), I never really felt a connection with the characters: Aoi felt like a diluted Murakami protagonist (minus the ubiquitous cat) , whilst Kotori had annoying mannerisms, especially her frequent open mouth - jabbing finger expression.I get that the game pushes you down the main [Kotori] route, but to such an extent that with the exception of Ageha, the relationships with other characters were hardly developed beyond the usual harem tropes.What it boils down to is that excellent production values and musical score aside (the standard to which all VNs shall be judged production wise), the actual narrative itself was fairly soporific. I did enjoy IMHHW otherwise I wouldn't have persisted. That said, it is pretty much standard high-school angst / shojo, unless you have a fascination with the technical detail for gliders."
76561198074587713,Recommended,326480,29965170,Posted: 16 February,all,El Solo Lobo,Yep one of the best vn's i have ever played it made me feel the feel of the feeling the i never knew id feel.  FEELS!
,Recommended,326480,19137588,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,CB007,"This is a very long VN about a High School soaring club and the friendships and romances that can form. As with many games of this type, there are multiple scenarios depending on some choices you make. However, I can only strongly recommend the main scenario. The others vary in quality, but have moderate to severe/crippling translation issues. That's not a complaint about censoring, this was an adult game turned into an all-ages game and that's fine. But the translators went off the rails trying to adapt some parts of the game, and it's clear that some members of the team were better than others. There aren't a wide variety of locales, but the visuals and music are extremely well done, and the story can be very interesting, if a little long winded at times. Despite the issues, still definitely worth checking out if you enjoy Visual Novels. If you've never played one before, try some shorter titles first to get a feel for the genre."
76561198179322638,Recommended,326480,22522500,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,❤Anee❤,10/10If you Like Visual Novels YOU NEED TO BUY THIS GAME!
76561198116612374,Recommended,326480,21424994,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Valkyrion,Difficult patching < Long play time + ImmersionInteresting!
76561198181028085,Recommended,326480,17292163,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,BlackUni,"For those of you who saw my review of Grisaia, you know im a person who judges the game fairly, and i've played both versions of the game so I know what its like, so i'll try to give a honest review while listiing the Pros and ConsWHAT IS THIS GAME?If my heart had wings is a VN based on our protagonist Aoi, who after a brutal biking accident can no longer compete in biking competitions. After several years he returns to his hometown only to discover a airplane flooating in the wind, which eventually leads him to the central female protagonist of the game (No spoilers for her), a handicapped young teenager named Kotori. This game beautifally blends Romance and Sci Fi together, as this story takes place in a somewhat futuristic setting.PROS+Beautifally written story, yes I understand the translation isn't exactly A+ material, but hey its good enough that you can understand the gist of it unless your illeterate, use your imagination and reword the sentence so its not so direct and plain.+Beautifal voice acting, the voices are amazing and are capable of conveying the emotions to you (especially Amane later on)+Intresting facts: I don't know about you guys but I thouroughly enjoyed learning about gliders and aeroplanes, the dynamics and design. The game teaches all about it through the common route and and the heroines route.+Twin Lolis. Need I say more.+Beautifally designed CG's+Beautifal charecter designs+Gorgeous childhood friend+The soundtrack in this game is unforgettable, i don't regret buying the soundtrack DLC+Its a long VN, i'm barely done with it as i've only finished Amane and Kotori+The Skip ButtonCONS- While the story is good the translation needs to be worked on...... alot..., fuwanovel has translated it so plain and direct that the feelings the sentence is trying to impart is like saying ""I put my lips on her, i sucked on them, they felt good."" =w=-Ageha's route has been butchered so badly in terms of translation half the time I can't even tell what she's saying or what she's referring to, (still hot though)-The 3D models are nice but I feel their uneeded in terms of the reptitiveness-For those of you who saw Amane and was like ""I'm TOTALLY GONNA MAKE HER MY WAIFU!!!!""  Keep in mind she'sSeveral years older then you, i think she's like 10-12 years older then you, they never mention her agea adroable waifu =w=- You are forced to complete Kotori's route in order to unlock the other heroines routes. That means if you saw Amane's jugs and decided to go for her first, too bad. You HAVE To finish kotoris route, the game won't let you continue to the other's otherwise- Like all other VN, the common route is unbearably long, feel free to crawl through it- The skip button-You risk your life and the passengers life to chase a cloud =w=My recommendation for order of routes: Amane's route is pretty much the only route that fully ends the story as a whole compared to all the othersKotori > Ageha > Asa > Yoru > Amane"
,Recommended,326480,17977828,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,KettExMachina,"If My Heart had Wings follows our MC's journey back to his hometown after he gets a serious injury while bicycling and finds he can no longer continue. He meets with old friends and starts to make new friends as he finds a new dream in the sky. He meets many new women and may even find love.Story: The story is amazing IMO, it is well written and very captivating which sucks you in and doesn't let you go until the route is over. There are some spelling errors in the game text yet it is never so bad that it hinders the flow of the story. THere are five total routes and while 3 are very deep and get emotional the last 2 are more light hearted but still very fullfilling. I'd give the over all story with all 5 routes included a solid 9/10Routes: There are 5 total routes in this game, yet you can not go at them in any order, the first two routs must be completed before you can move on. These two are very well and it is with your childhood friend Ahega and the wheel chair bound Kotori. You can complete these two routes in any order but you must finish them to move on. The third route than unlocks to Amane, the president of the Soaring club, I would consider her route to be the ""True"" Route, which reveals a lot of background about mystery characters that are refrenced heavily in the first two but you get to get all the knowledge. (In my oppinion hers might be the best). after Amane, you move on to the Older of the twin girls, her route and her sister are much more light hearted which is a great change of pace from the first 3. And after her you can get her younger sister, this is a fun route because it is a fun little twist which is every mans dream. all and all I give the routes a SEXY 10/10Graphics: The Art as well as the animation is very nicely done, it gives a lot of live to the characters and the enviroment as a whole, much detail was put into this game to give it a beutiful feel and makes you want to jump into the sceen (DON""T ACTUALLY DO IT!) but you get my point. Graphics get a 9.5/10Music: The music is amazing, it fits the mood at all times giving the story much more depth and the actual music that plays in between Archs in the game is very soothing. It gets a Soulful 10/10Overall: This game is a must for Visual Novel/Dating Sim lovers, it is very well made and if you want all those great 18+ scenes there is a patch for it. So if you are curious about this game I recommend it 100%, it does take quite awhile to complete as you can see from my many hours of play time, yet it is so fulfilling to finish it 100%. Go for it!"
,Recommended,326480,34354998,Posted: 19 August,all,Stray Cat,"If you guys still looking at other's reviews, just buy this game already. It's a wonderful story of youth, of what we've all missed in our own life..."
,Recommended,326480,23344569,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Marissa,"Firstly, please ignore my massive playtime -- it's mostly a result of leaving the game up for weeks on end and never closing it.However, I've now completed three of the six storyline variants, and I can say with certainty that this game is not only an excellent and rewarding story of friendship and dream-chasing, but also has TREMENDOUS replay value. Each time you go through with different options, the first and second acts are more or less similar with a few differing scenes, but from that point onward it's completely different. I was totally shocked to see what a difference there was. I can't wait to finish the rest of the story routes.Absolutely adore this game. 12/10, highly, highly recommend it."
,Recommended,326480,16026422,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Arvuu,"I liked this game a lot.Each route is a different in its own way and will give you more dept info about the game world.This game includes 6 different routes:Kotori, Ageha, Amane, Asa, Asa&Yoru Harem and Bad end.Story it self is okand at least for me it gave some goosebumps from time to time.Romance in this is also fine. There are about 4 points where you can choose what to do from usually 3 to 4 options, in each route.Some routes are easier than others, for exampleAsaandYoruroutes are the hardes ones andKotoriandAgehaare the easiest ones to reach.If you play this first timeI would recommend eitherKotoriORAmaneroute first.Those both routes will give you the most answers and explanations about the story and whats actually happening.Others routes are also fine and sweet but from experience, I would recommend to start with these.There are some flawsin this game, big ones being thatAgeharoute is really confusing since translating the jokes and some other parts were untranslatable or didn't make any sense what so ever. Its still playable but I found my self really confused and annoyed about whats happening and why, even with the restoration patch the route is slightly annoying but not as bad.Other flawsare that the creators, at least in my opinion focused too much on explaining how gliders etc work.They made it so, that its really boring to read and skipping them wont affect on your knowledge on whats happening in the story one bit. On first playthrough it might be fun to read about an hour or two lasting scenes how glider acceleration and wind works, but when playing 2nd time, its just plain boring.I really recommenddownloading the restoration patch even if your not a pervert. Reason for that is, that it will open some normal scenes which were censured since the little french girls would be offended and not like the game.Here is a good guide on how to get thePatchNOTE: When downloading the the patch you need to change some language setting in your computer or something. Those WONT affect in any way and you should not worry a thing. If it bother you, you can always switch it back.Final score: 8/10. (rated from: 4 - 10)Reason: Story and romance were sweet and all, but the trouble downloading the patch and the annoying moments downgraded the score."
,Recommended,326480,13805876,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Hotto Dogu,10/10     Nice story and plot  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,326480,23506089,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,toji,Best visual novel story i've ever playand the soundtrack is soo nice to hear and heartwarming15/10Ageha FTW :v
76561198096332225,Recommended,326480,19106408,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,❄ Nep Nep ❄,The most heartwarming history of all.It thought me about the physics of a glider.I now feel like I can build a glider by myself and fly far far away.Have a box of tissues ready......Cuz you'll end up crying >.< like a lot...10 ducks/10 wheelchairs.
76561198058102401,Recommended,326480,19494766,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Classic Wood,"This game is great, but it is censored and in order to get the full ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) you gotta uncensor it. Here is what you do.1. Change the format, location, and system locale under clock, language, and region to Japan.2. Download the restoration patch and sweet love ui, extract them and put them both in the games system files.3. Enjoy the ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Here is the link for a full step by step tutorial on how to do it as well as the links for the files.https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=346505653"
,Recommended,326480,18847022,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,The Specter,"Good  Love StorySorry people who were looking for nudity.None here.This game is a good visual novel.The story is one of the best on steam.This game gets a 9/10.Enough saidFor a dealBuy itPS, there is a patch for nudity if you really need it. This added because of a complaint from a friend."
,Recommended,326480,24170905,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Rizin,Frigging beautiful! That's all I can say...The childhood friend Ageha FTW
,Recommended,326480,13997490,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,redsoul41,"If My Heart Had Wings is one of the best visual novels I have ever played. I highly recommend it to those who are a big fan of visual novels. This visual novel is very well-balanced. Each heroine has their own unique story and twist, making every replay totally worth it. You'll also learn some things about friendship, romance and planes (gliders). The story's span can go for a lot of hours. (if you don't intend to skip the dialogues that is) It took me a handful of 50 hours to completely clear all five character routes. One playthrough is composed of two parts: (1) Prologue (2) Character Route. The VN's price is a bit high but it is totally worth it. Try to buy it when it goes on sale once again.I promise you, If My Heart Had Wings will make you smile and shed a tear. If you're a big visual novel fan or looking for a great visual novel to play on Steam, then this is a MUST BUY for you!NOTE:The actual visual novel here on Stean doesn't have H-Scenes but a restoration patch is already available."
,Recommended,326480,21423197,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,ϟ♚ϟ Bloodstained ϟ♚ϟ,"This game is really beutiful, have good graphics, interesting part of how to build an airplane - the old ones. Pretty great story in the begining, hopefully it will be great in the end as well.Has a lot of people who has different interests, old friends who study in the same school, always helping each other. Finding new people, helpin` them as well.. Been turned into a home mother - still not sure if that boy has some tallent or not, but he does seem to want to help anybody who is beside him. He can make good food xD coocking is his best i think.I still have a lot to learn ... in that school they are ... and this club full of activities. There are really so much nice girls there. But he does have feelings to only one i guess. Not sure why he is not tellin` her that she loves her that way. Oh well... i hope i see some interesting things in the end.Maybe the first and the last novela i will start... xD very good indeed."
,Recommended,326480,24989896,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Vogelchevalier,"*I HOPE THIS VN GETS AN ANIME ADAPTATION SOON. I'm sure gonna watch it.I still only finish Kotori's route.> The story is sure interesting (A disabled cute stubborn girl on a wheelchair)(Waifu material)> The emotions dragged me along when playing this game (My heart was breaking several times)> A romance story lover would definitely die of heart attack> New knowledge about (boring explanation) glider> The translation is quite good-TURNS-horrible (especially at middle-end story)>Additional, the soundtracks.. are really great.. I even downloaded it all too to mu disk..*tearful*That's all so far. Great Job!*ANIME ADAPTATION, PLEASE!*"
,Recommended,326480,26726321,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,๖ۣۜLancelot,"This game is wonderful as a first time player to a pure virtual novel game. The scenario of the game is outstanding for me and I love the beautifully drawn characters. Although at times I don't I tend to skip large portions as majority of each scenario is just extra and a waste of time. To conclude I'd recommend this game, also to mention purchasing the deluxe edition is a well worth as the music has nice relaxing tone.Pros- Fabulous Scenario- Beautifully Drawn Characters- Great OST w/ Deluxe Edition- Characterisitcs of each characters are nice- Steam Cards = Badges = +LevelCons-Although I haven't finished the game, my review will be modified overtime once I complete the entire game. Please note this is my first review on a pure virtual novel game, please be gentle on the ratings ;-;~Reviewed by ^Hiroshima of AnimeCentric"
,Recommended,326480,18968650,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Ngianpuri,"More like, if my heart had feelings"
,Recommended,326480,23198653,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Bananya,Beautiful
,Recommended,326480,18787045,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Parshey,"I bought this game because it's on sale (-60% Thank you gaben and moenovel)Good stuffs-Great Music-Great Visuals/CG'S-It has voice actress for each character. (Which I personally like when it comes to visual novels)Bad Stuffs-Few Typo'sI haven't finished this game since I just bought it and started playing it.I will edit this review by the time I finish all the route.For now, I will recommend this game for you guys."
,Recommended,326480,13278715,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Amadeus,Patch this game before you play itSeriouslyIt's no good if you dont
,Recommended,326480,23825555,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Piscis Austrinus,I learned more about aerodynamics when I just wanted to get my♥♥♥♥♥♥hard
,Recommended,326480,13903730,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,{110th}DoomedEagle(LegioDamno),Best Pilot training ever.11/10 I can now fly for North Korean Air Lines.
,Not Recommended,326480,26743673,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Dolraeth,"Up until now, this game remains a great visual novel (or at least that's the impression I got when skimming through it), but butchered in localisation.You know, when it came out in Japan this was a proper VN, complete with adult scenes, but then it got axed. Not content with cutting the problematic scenes (and thus leaving holes in the flow of the writing), some bits of the translation are terrible, Engrish doesn't begin to cover it.The story is a great tale of a summer building a glider in the ""Soar Club"", while romancing your girl of choice. Blue skies and all.But rejoice: come 2017 a complete retranslation patch has been announced for all of us to fully experience this marvelous game. Until then, this remains a game that can be grabbed for as much as 5 dollars to get the achievements awarded for reading. Just do like me: get a walkthrough guide for the choices, skip the full text and you're good."
,Recommended,326480,24344124,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,ColdLegion,"This vn shows that apparently having friends is ""fun"", I wish the translation didnt blow so much but other than that its pretty damn good"
,Recommended,326480,13845898,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,HighBread,"If My Heart Had Wings is a great game for anybody interested in ""anime-style"" visual novels. This is only my second game in this genre, my first being Katawa Shoujo. Honestly, the only reason I tried this was because of Katawa Shoujo, and it certainly didn't let me down. Though the writing and the character development isn't nearly anything like Katawa Shoujo's it still holds it's own uniqueness. Yeah, I know it isn't fair to compare it to another game when they share nothing in common besides their genre, but I'm not saying the game is worse or that it's bad. I'd certainly recommend it to anybody interested in the genre and for a little light-reading to add to a steam library of bloodshed and violence."
76561198129992644,Recommended,326480,13935593,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,KitRae,Better love story than twilight. 13/10
,Recommended,326480,15473253,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,verthandi,-cute girls you'll never find in real life-You will know what a glider is-nice soundtrack-good story9/10
76561198027331790,Recommended,326480,15976638,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,YouRuinedMyMojo,"If My Heart Had Wings is a an absolutely fantastic visual novel and by far my favorite. I have already clocked in over 30 hours in order to complete all routes within the novel, and I haven't regretted a single one. The novel can truly bring out all your emotions, and has constantly been engaging and exciting. The novel is really well made and the art and illustrations are fantastic, a simple masterpiece.Despite some spelling errors and English grammar mistakes. It really is a VS i would suggest to all those who enjoy anime, VS's, choices and simple reading.All the best in your play through!"
,Recommended,326480,15679789,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,sadmachine,dem feels
,Recommended,326480,16586084,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Kairos ( Fall Edition ),"If you want a game with a cute story like in anime you're in the right place, but it is mostly a visual novel so there's almost no gameplay, I warned yah !"
,Recommended,326480,20777305,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Xumǿ,The story itself is so good I just hope it will be adapted as anime soon.
76561198082302133,Recommended,326480,24104178,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Global Thermonuclear War,"If My Heart Had Wings (or IMHHW as I will be referring to it in this review) is a harem eroge created by MoeNovel.Plot (very, very minor spoilers):You play as a high schooler called Aoi Minase whom, after a biking accident, returns to his home town. Here he becomes a dorm mother and meets lots of kawaii girls. He joins the school's glider building/flying club (The Soaring Club) and attempts to build and fly a glider, if that weren't already obvious.The game has 5 different routes, all of which let you start a formal relationship with the girl of your choosing, and learn more about their backstory. Sadly, on your first playthrough, you have to go with Kotori's route, which is a shame since personally I thought it was the worst one by far, but still enjoyable.Art:The art is absolutely spectacular. The scenery, characters, and everything else is amazingly well done. Chibi characters are shown at some times, which is always fun to see. If you're looking for Sakura-esque fanservice, expect to be disappointed. There is some very, very mild nudity in select moments. However, downloading the Sweet Love patch restores some of this sexual content (MoeNovel removed it to allow the game to have a 12 rating).Soundtrack:The soundtrack, much like the rest of the game, is very well done. The songs are very enjoyable to listen to, and capture the mood very well. However, there are only about 6 or so songs in the entire soundtrack, and with a VN this long, you're going to be listening to them over and over again.Voice Acting:The Voice Acting is very well done. They sound enthusiastic about their roles, and have voices fitting for their characters, and is enjoyable to listen to.Character Designs:The character designs are surprisingly well done. While they may seem generic (Standard protagonist, tsundere, tomboyish childhood friend, genius, qt 3.14 loli) they are all done in a way that makes them unique. Each character has a very interesting backstory that you want to listen to, and their exchanges with one another makes for some good laughs. I may just be missing something here, but I found no flaws with the character designs.Length:The game has a very good length. It took me twenty four hours to complete all 5 routes, and I wanted to go back and do some of them again at the end of it. And I consider myself to be a very fast reader. I would recommend it at full price, but it does go on sale quite a lot, so if you're patient wait until then.Translation:The English translation works well. I had few problems. There would be some slight errors (e.g. saying there instead of their), but nothing that detracted from the experience or caused ambiguity over what a character said. If this is a glaring problem for you, download the restoration patch.Conclusion:IMHHW is an outstanding visual novel, with great sound design, characters, length and plot. I would highly recommend you buy it, and go play it. Enjoy."
,Recommended,326480,28031949,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Sessyoin Kiara,Love This <3
,Recommended,326480,16422052,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,時雨 - 500 P250 SD ready,"good storyline, recommended for those who are new to these kind of genre"
,Recommended,326480,24398225,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,The Bear Jew,Mother and Father are not proud of me.10/10
,Recommended,326480,28282958,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,FusedCandy19,THIS... GAME... IS... BEAUTYFUL..!
,Recommended,326480,24304236,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Moxyze,"As of whjen I'm writing this, I currently have 20 hours on record.I still haven't finished any route.This visual novel is pretty long, which is definitely a plus. If you don't spoil yourself, I think you can have a lot of fun playing it.HOWEVER ! The translations, at some point, do not make sense at all. Thanks to my small japanese knowledge, I was able to retranslate for myself what those sentences actually meant, but it's still kinda worrying to see a steam game translated so badly...The story is pretty deep though, and if they don't rush the end, it should lead to some potentially great interactions between the characters.I think it's a great game, but its high price and those translation mistakes are making it lose 3 points.It's a 7/10 for me. Recommended.(If in sale, 11/10 though. The translation isn't that bad, so it's definitely a must get if it's on sale)"
76561198016671926,Recommended,326480,24307047,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,TheRobotStomper,"I'm kinda new to the visual novel genre but after playing this game it blew my mind away. The premise is about a boy and some girls reforming the soaring club. The story is pretty good but nothing over the top, there are moments that will make you shed some tears (if you're sensitive) and moments that will make you laugh out loud. This is a very long vn especially if you try all the routes and I recommend trying them all out.All characters are well written and they all have different personality to them which makes them unique.There are 5 girls you can romance:-Kotori: a crippled broad who love to b**ch-Ageha: childhood friend and very lewd-Amane: she's that older girl you had a crush on in high school with a twist-Asa: one of the twin, the innocent one-Yoru: the other twin, the conceited oneThe art is of very good quality for something from 2012. The soundtrack is also very well made and it fits the game nicely.There are also h-scenes, 4 for each girl but of course that's not why you should buy this game (atleast I hope not).There are cons though, the translation is appalling especially Ageha route but you'll understand most of it. Another con is there are way too many glider educations, like 2 hours of it.All in all I give this game a 7.8/10 for too much glider.But seriously though I recommend this game for fans of visual novels and even people who never read one before.Also don't forget to install the restoration patch for some 'realism'  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,326480,19172158,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,moonmen,ITS TOO GOD DAMN KAWAIII
,Recommended,326480,14449083,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Ben Dover【=◈︿◈=】,"Albeit some lines are poorly translated, this is definitely a kawaii expansion pack of Microsoft Flight Simulator X.Totally recommended!10/10 for steam version420/10 for patched steamyversion ;)"
,Recommended,326480,17359045,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Artificial_Lailou,I learned how airplanes worked.
,Recommended,326480,21760679,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,🌟⅀⋐₭ℤ,"It has five different paths with 5 different girls, each girl caters to all your fetishes.There's a sex freak, a handicap, a huge ♥♥♥♥♥♥d girl, and two loli girls, each of which you ♥♥♥♥ silly on numerous occasions, all at your fingertips with just the installation of an easy uncensor patch. The story drastically changes with each girl you pick.THAT'S NOT ALL!Successfully completing a path unlocks Love Mode, which is itself a story with the girl whose path you have completed. All you do is ♥♥♥♥ them. Yes, that's it, you ♥♥♥♥ them, over and over.Oh, and the main story is alright too, I guess."
,Recommended,326480,24836993,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Monkeebread,learned about the basics of aerodynamics in a visual novel id say thats a net gain
76561198060414810,Recommended,326480,23447757,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Cuphead irl,hentai scenes are ok.
76561198116384931,Recommended,326480,14379680,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,IgnisFiend,"Absolutley beautiful story. If you want something that will give you the feels, this is it. The ending could've had more detail, but overall it was wonderful. 8/10"
,Recommended,326480,17345462,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Degenerate,"8.5/10Great story, backgrounds, character design and development.18/10with restoration patch ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,326480,25557278,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,MixA4,This game made my heart fly.Reality brought it crashing back down.10/10 I now love someone who doesn't exist.
,Recommended,326480,15081010,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,floW,"I Just recently started getting into VNs and this is the first one I have completed and I wanted to start off by saying I loved it.Pros:-Great story line-Interesting characters-Great soundtrack-Story progresses smoothly and is nicely paced-awesome artwork and visuals-Girls, girls everywhere-really gets you devoted to the characters and the story-long :) lots of material to read through-the different paths are all great (i suggest Amane, because she is <3 )Cons:-VNs are not for everyone so I suggest checking out a demo before paying the $15 price-Some typosOverall:This was a great introduction for me into Visual Novels and I can gladly say that I will be playing more in the future. The story line was great, the soundtrack was awesome, and the characters were all interesting. There are funny parts and there are some sad parts. The VN takes a while to get through (over 25 hours for my first playthrough) so you really get attached to the characters. If you are thinking about getting into Visual Novels, this is a great place to start!""You pay more attention to your fake anime girlfriend then you do to me""-My girlfriend9/10"
,Recommended,326480,32345229,Posted: 11 June,all,Cardes,Anime Adaptation pls :D
,Recommended,326480,33214449,Posted: 3 July,all,[NN$]MCrusader,"What Moenovel sell this game as the ""All-Aged"" version is a little bit different than the original version of the game, which removes the spices of the game which is the R18 contents of this game, and leaves the game with somewhat ""crappy"" version of what the game is supposed to be. In addition, we would also have to deal with the relatively poor English translation within some parts of the story.However, this game is a great visual novel at its finest. It has all the things that worth the amount of money we buy for this game, which are the cool soundtracks, the beautiful artwork alongside its entertaining CGs, and also the expressive Voice Actors and Voice Actresses which express the dialogues perfectly.But above all, the magnificient storyline that the game offers which made me felt quite satisfied even though that this version cuts all of the other ""good parts"" of the VN, which in other perspective, makes you feel secured in just focusing to the story rather than constantly being alert of emerging into ""the scene"" and got caught by those misunderstood people.Overall, it is arguably one of the best Visual Novel that is worth the money, despite the fact that this ""all aged"" version means that we are buying the rather crappy version of the gameP.S: before buying this game i have actually played the game in one of my friend's computer so i suppose i will finish mine at a later date."
,Not Recommended,326480,17175154,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Nebasuke,"This really seemed like an amazing game. The atmosphere is good, fitting music (although way too repetitive) and nicely designed characters. However, this great experience slowly got ruined for me.While at first I noticed small translation errors, the moment the general route was over and I moved to a character route (Ageha) the text got really confusing, full of grammar errors and wrong subjects (you instead of I, etc.)While the art and atmosphere is lovely, the story was a bit too predictable and furthermore too stretched out. I had to really force myself to read through certain parts. That and way too many standard H-game stereotypes...tldr; Could have been great, but the standard characters, stretched out story and horrible translation (together with quite hard to fix censorship on Windows 8) makes it a below par game sadly..."
76561198238183360,Not Recommended,326480,29832907,Posted: 10 February,all,MoonlightDeity,"I originally posted a positive review which I will include later, but for now I must say that I do no longer recommend this game to anyone. I have encountered bugs that makes this game unplayable. Some of the choices you make in this game does not even count. In these so far few choices, no matter what you choose, the game will proceed as if you chose the first choice. This will prevent you from entering certain routes/scenes. Not to mention the awful translations that appear in  some of the routes. So no, this game is not worth the money unless there are proper bug fixes and a new translation released, which I doubt will happen. You're far better off downloading a fan subbed version from the internet, as this Steam version also have some scenes cut out. Most of these are sex scenes, which is of course alright to cut out from the all ages version. But then again, whoever did the cutting made a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ job since a lot of the story is lost and not just the sexual content. Anyway, that's it for this review. Down below I will be posting my original review, which I made after playing for 24 hours and completing the Asa route (which was fine apart from the awful translation). I currently have 36 hours, and am trying to enter the Kotori route, but failing because of the bugs...ORIGINAL REVIEW:""I really do like this game. I believe total play time is about 140 hours if you want to see all possible scenes (and without skipping prevously read text).There are some minor issues with the English translation, but they could easily be fixed and doesn't really bother me that much.• Words are missing sometimes, but it's still easy to follow the story.• Some sentences have not been translated correctly, or are simply missing (replaced with a copy of the sentence that preceded it).• The second and third arcs of the story are not translated by the same person who translated the first arc (it seems to me at least). Words are translated differently and a lot of sentences look really messy. The first arc was much cleaner and had less typos.Overall, the game is great. I bought it during a 60% sale but I think it'd be worth the full price. The story is good, the characters are interesting and not all of them are your stereotypical anime character. The Amane and Yoru routes are locked until you've completed some of the other routes (Kotori and Asa, I believe), but there is no information about this in game, so I thought I should tell you all before you get confused and disappointed. As always, you can't date your favorite character, but that's just life, eh?"""
,Recommended,326480,14431263,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,SXPredator,(っ˘ڡ˘ς)
,Recommended,326480,32981031,Posted: 29 June,all,PCB0ts_Lab's,"This game is perfect for people who are saturated with action games or shoting, accompany you if you are single, by the way characternya very kawaii,If you are negative I suggest not to play this game because this will damage your image to play this gameSorry for my English, Bad review? It's up to you .. Because I just played a few minutes"
,Recommended,326480,14907796,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,=^.^= Pumpshotgun Cat Overbeck,"Best Anime i've played I have ever played!I can't really think of cons, there's all pros which i will list.(The Only con I ran out of Tissues xD)Pros:-Story is amazing-Graphics amazing-Story is long-The voices fit-Perfect Balance of Drama and Love-A story how people with disabilities should be treated with respect.-Shows how life is, when it goes bad and good.-Idea is so smart.Its totally worth the money if you love Anime, and  the story line is great i recomend it to Anime lovers!"
76561198079754848,Recommended,326480,17706541,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,deagon,"Fantastic story, it really drew me in. The game lasted for ages as well. I did have some trouble following the story near the middle~middle end but after that it was fine. It's almost like a different person translated a two hour chunk of the story, really badly."
,Recommended,326480,19424609,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Toop55,Had sex with a girl in wheelchair 10/10 would bang again
,Recommended,326480,19471004,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Quibber123,"A great Visual Novel (VN)about youth.This VN follows a group of teenagers in a school club as they attempt to accomplish their dreams read: flying a glider over a beautiful cloud formation called the ""Morning Glory."" (Google it they really are a beautiful sight)If you are a huge fan of ""slice-of-life"" style stories this could probably be the best VN you'll find. Great characters, cute story, nice messages, and overall a fantastic atmosphere. Be warned though this game is long. Like 50-60 hours to complete all the routes if you want to listen to all the Voice Actor's lines long. (Speaking of routes: Kotori=Amane>Asa=Yoru>Ageha. just sayin' Definitely play Amane's route though.)The voice acting is fantastic. the music is really good, and the majority of the art could all be screenshot worthy, (with some rough 3D models here and there) so the presentation of the VN gets high marks there too.The only issues I found were with some hilarious translation changes (even with the restoration patch), the physics used to explain why things fly being wrong (NOT Bernoulli's Principle!), some routes dragging on at times for no reason other than dragging on, and some characters requiring some serious suspension-of-disbelief skills at certain moments when you hear their motives for why they are acting like they are.Overall a great VN for those who like slower paced and down to earth character driven stories."
,Recommended,326480,19600839,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Shin,"If My Heart Had Wings was honestly my first visual novel that i had the interest in visual novel too. My english was not very good so this review will be abit weird . After long hours of reading this visual novel i have learned a lot base on the visual novel as well as learned some knowledge about glider and morning glory. In this visual novel, there are storyline there are worth the time to spent to complete it. I hope you won't regret it ."
,Recommended,326480,21169013,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Yoongsan,"If you're here for the whole game including the ecchi CGs this is not for you as it's a censored (and pretty butchered, if I may say) version of the game. It doesn't affected me as I don't really care about the ecchi parts but the bad translation did bother me quite a bit. If you feel like the translation might get to you or that you absolutely need the ecchi parts then buy the game and get the restoring patch somewhere.All in all I do recommend everyone to play this game because it has a nice long story and great graphics that will not let you down. The voice acting is also a nice touch.Also, there are plenty of routes to take and each one has different things happening so it is definitely worth playing all of them to see every possible ending. Tbh from the start I just wanted to take Amane's route but taking others wasn't bad at all.Personally I feel like Amane's route was the one that made the most sense so far as it actually gave all the answers needed. I'm biased though so you might feel different. Anyway. Buy.The.Game."
,Recommended,326480,19744235,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,❤デコ❤,The story is amazing! The art is simply breath-taking. I get into the characters already when it just started. The romance is just so nerve-racking! Recommended for romance seekers!
,Recommended,326480,22692801,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Czarls - Tohru (Dragon Maid) ✪,"This is one of my favorite Visual Novel. I recommend this one over all of the other ones. I love the story and the girls heehee. Now i may not have all the achievements but there are 2 reasons. 1 i havent finished the game its really long, and 2 i have the 19+ patch so you dont get any achievements. Other than that get this game quick and have fun!"
,Recommended,326480,16638143,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,MoeKingBiceps,"Love this game.Great Music,great girls,amazing backgrounds and it reminds me of my favorite anime Yosuga no Sora"
,Recommended,326480,17397185,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Zynthio,"This visual novel is extremely well done. The art is far beyond amazing and the story too.  The music that plays with the story is well done, and is surpisingly catchy.I've encountered very few translation mix ups on occasion, but nothing too diffcult to get past.I can see myself playing through this one many more times.Buy it and you won't regret it!"
76561198084871185,Recommended,326480,17089483,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Athose,"Visual novel about relationships, making choices, building glider, healing wounds from the past and attempts to achieve the dreams of the future. Story is good and it will make you laugh, cry and then laugh again because it has it's serious and not so serious moments. Art is good. Characters are interesting and voice acted. The translation could have been better because there are some translation errors that I did not expect from completed novel. Not the best but good visual novel to read."
,Recommended,326480,16655325,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,TheExoduser,"Damn that visual novel sure is cool.Before the summer sale I hardly knew the visual novel genre... but this game is really epic.Couldn't stop reading it until ""Fin""!(hmm... now I must say I'm sad that here isn't a sequel. I'd love to read how the story about Aoi and Kotori continues ;) )If MoeNovel is going to release another story I'm definitely going to buy it!"
,Recommended,326480,16669234,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Lucina,"Visual Novel that u should buyi was not a Visual Novel Lover i prefer RPG gamesbut yesterday i bought this and its Amazing!in this VN you can learn about glider and its really interestingBGM of this VN is Amazing to, there is one Music Theme that similar to Suikoden II Theme and its really nostalgic, and the other is like RPG games boss Theme its really coolThe Story is incredible100/10 would Buy"
,Recommended,326480,16706037,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Kanransha_Senpai,"A fun and engaging VN with a good soundtrack, but there's a couple of points to watch out for:1) it's super long. Like, suuuuuuper long.2) There's many faults in translating. Some of the lines make no sense, and there's several cases of contradicting pronouns (referring to the same character as both a he and a she), sometimes in the same dialogue box. There's also the clear mistranslations I can hear when the text is voicedIf possible I'd like to be able to switch back and forth between eng and jp text for reference, like I was able to with Nekopara.also the late 90's low res CG is super real in this game. That may be a plus or a minus depending on taste."
,Recommended,326480,17870893,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Dreamcastin,"One of the very few visual novels to bring a tear to my eye. A must play for anyone first getting into a visual novel, or anyone who loves to play visual novels. Had me hooked from beginning to end, and was well worth the price of admission. But be sure to use the restoration patch on Fuwanovel or it wouldn't be doing the game full justice. This game is well deserving of a thumbs up and well deserving of your money. Ignore all the hater reviews on the translation, as it's up to par for reading and if it truly bothers you then install the restoration patch *FOR FREE* off of Fuwanovel."
,Not Recommended,326480,24697023,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Mr Cannibal,It's a good game but it broke on me and never lets me play anymore so i would like to recomment this game but there is tons of bugs and spelling errors and im find with that but because of this library error code it wont even let me in the game so i hope they fix it.
,Recommended,326480,13835249,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,iluvOP,Senpai finally noticed me! I am the real winner here!Who's the retard now?!
,Recommended,326480,13352299,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,[APG]RoboCop[CL],"This game is great for a Dating Sim and contains just enough galleries but gives you a wide story route choices, as well pick a Kawaii girl you wish to hang out and date."
,Recommended,326480,24218203,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Vahnman,"the story are great,the sountrack also so i recommended it.the plot are awesomeHarem Route are the best!!!!"
,Recommended,326480,20352041,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,ＯＭＥＧＡＬＵＬ,I have never liked a disabled girl so much. 5/7
76561198166807011,Recommended,326480,26199309,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,korytoombs,[Played patched version / Playtime recorded incorrectly]If my heart had wings I would probably die.  I mean the wings fluttering around the inside of my body would kill me.  Not to mention the fact that my heart could easisly fly right outside of my chest cavity.Great story by the way.
76561198065901978,Recommended,326480,23176774,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Fruitloops,Great replacement for books before you go to sleep.
76561198015216311,Recommended,326480,34637010,Posted: 31 August,all,pinrut,Great story. Really emotional.
76561198207295464,Recommended,326480,16863255,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,葛炮,"A fantastic game with impressive illustration and music.I have played for a few minutes,not long,but I was shocked by the scenery right from the start.The only shortcome might be the language.I hoped it would be English captions with English dubbing,but he dubbing is Japanese,besides that,all good."
,Recommended,326480,16905645,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Ｆ　Ｒ　Ｉ　Ｐ　Ｉ　Ｎ　Ａ　Ｔ　Ｏ　Ｒ™,Great story and artwork.Can be very emotional at times and with the restoration patch I'd consider it to be a real... tear jerker... ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)10/10
,Recommended,326480,30586070,Posted: 18 March,all,dum bird,"½ good english, ½ bad englas, ✲ﾟ｡.(✿╹◡╹)ﾉ☆.｡₀:*ﾟ✲ﾟ*:₀｡"
,Recommended,326480,19019455,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,PQOWBV (Nama Jeff),If my heart had wings...I would probably die.
76561198031041930,Not Recommended,326480,25498792,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Zany,"It's fine for what it is, but there are a LOT of better VNs out there. The steam translation is more than a little clunky in several places too, which doesn't do this game any favors. Otherwise, it's cute enough and harmless enough. Probably just not my cup of tea when it comes to visual novels.Really, I don't think there's anything strictly wrong with it, I just personally feel your money could be spent on a better visual novel unless you MUST absolutely devour all the ones Steam puts up for sale in which case, I salute you and your reading stamina. I'll even admit I bought it initally before Steam started getting a TON of great visual novels because I was so happy to see one with some quality up.But compared to Clannad, The Devil on G, Muv-Luv, When They Cry, (and now even Steins's Gate is here on Steam! What!) there are just much BETTER visual novels to spend your money on."
,Recommended,326480,26369592,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,*heart eyes,Hell yea.
,Not Recommended,326480,35051340,Posted: 18 September,all,Acinonyxx,"If you are reading this and wondering whether you should buy the game or not, don't. Do not make the same mistake as me, please.In addition to a terrible translation to English, this game is unnecessarily long. It is full of useless or out of place (or inproperly translated) dialoges and monologes, and whatnot. The better part of this verbal incontinence surely doesn't contribute to the plot in the slightest. And the plot itself exists just for the sake of appearance, I think.So, why do I have 58 hours of playtime? Maybe because I am a lowlife who can't stop playing a game unless she's got all of the achievements? No, not maybe. Certaintly."
76561198008718147,Not Recommended,326480,13843349,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,天馬の風,This version is incomplete
,Recommended,326480,14377447,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Ghostly,Showed my friend certain scenes and he liked it! That makes it good.
,Recommended,326480,33784621,Posted: 25 July,all,Jones,"After playing Yoru's route, I was taught a very important lesson...""Two is better than one.""Such wise words by the MC.I rate 11/10"
,Recommended,326480,18933009,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,CARDIOVERSION,Provided sweet moist succulent loving to a handicapped girl. my life is now complete.10 wheelchairs/ 10 wheelchairs
76561198139771316,Recommended,326480,18282475,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,The Kawaii Banana,"Got Ageha, she's kool"
,Recommended,326480,13443615,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Athener,"So far I enjoyed it very much without the *IYKWIM* patch,I won't spoil anything here, just gonn write a short review :)Positive+Amazing art (100/10)+Superb BGM and Voice (10/10)+Beside romance and slice of life, there is also physics lesson :P (One new method to study physics)Negative-Some incorrect spellings (Though sometimes hilarious)-Censor made some thing strange :/Overall this VN is a must buyOne more... Harem-ness level: Not too extreme, at least there is other male character :v and .....*SPOILER*... duck...."
,Recommended,326480,26912177,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Thron,I choose ageha
,Recommended,326480,27990454,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,DerKruemel,One of the best Games i ever played !
,Recommended,326480,27115421,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,justseedy,"first off want to say i played this a lot before i got the steam versionthe story - well i don't want to tell it to  you too much, but it is about a boy who goes back to his home town after about 7 years and meets up with his highschool friends againthis turns out to be the tip of the iceburg as new people and new situations and tasks come in to their world you will join them in up and downsi would recommend this for sure to visual novel fans - it might not be for every one as the game play is not their and it more or less is just text reading but i really, love this game very much"
,Recommended,326480,31487116,Posted: 1 May,all,Atriox,Just getting started and i am liking this a lot.Now all i need is a pet Duck! with a HAT!
,Recommended,326480,17040301,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Dalekkar,"I love this game, wonderful story. :)"
,Recommended,326480,25138580,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Emi - ヨーソロー⚓,"Cute artwork, decent story. Unplayable without 18+ patch :)"
,Not Recommended,326480,26734024,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,"Mike ""hang the homos"" Pence",hahahahahhahadon't
76561198163020186,Recommended,326480,28698409,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Patudona,"I loved this game in the Play Store - Android version, and now I bought it for PC, don't see my total hours played, I have already finished two of the 4 girls stories (I don't know if there are going to be 5)So let's start with this:PROS:-Definitely it's a cute story and you can laugh your *** off when reading -literally- this one.-Some parts of the story may take your tears out.-All the girls are very cute and all of the have a large backgroundCONS-Simply: no decision matters... dang-There's no dating sim, well, at least in my times ""Dating sim"" meant that you had choices and you had the chance to choose one or another girl in the story, here you don't-It's a bit awkward -or worse- to be reading... its all you do, read and read, I know it's a visual novel but, if I want to read I buy a book. Well, I won't discuss this one too much.-There are certain parts that are too goddamn useless to read, that finally won't have nothing to do for the story at the end of it.-The Background scenarios wont move, not matter what you do, so it feels a little... dumb.Altought there are a lot more cons, I'd simply recommend this title, because is a very pretty and kind-of-instructive-for-those-who-like-planes-and-flying storySome suggestions:-Put all the stories together. But if I choose to prefer the girl A, the all the secondary story of that girl continues from there. That's the real Dating Sim gnere, where the Choices matter becomes a tag and a game becomes very good.-If you are going to criticize this review, please be mature and rational."
,Recommended,326480,13258081,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,♫fireorb13♫,"If My Heart Had Wings is most definitely the best VN on steam. I would highly recommend getting it for anyone who likes a great story. Only problem with it is installing the restoration patch :P And that only takes 10 minutes to do, if that. Once you start play I can pretty much gurantee that you won't want to stop playing.Overall a 10/10 must have!"
,Recommended,326480,14380422,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,OniMOOO,Best Dating Sim/ Visual Novel that you can buy on STEAM.
,Recommended,326480,17137573,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,BlurryKnight,"This game is amazing, it is one of the best visual novels I have read even tho it is censored sex isnt everything."
,Recommended,326480,16440232,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Hikikomori (´Д｀),"Play the pirated versionBuy from Steam and play it again.All the waifu is fine.Amane is the best for me.10/10 would kiss senpai before she leave <3Oh ya, i patch the pirated version with the restoration patch. Its work well ( ͡° ʖ̯ ͡°)"
,Recommended,326480,17086403,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,スタン,"Nice game, long story. 8/10"
76561198112925749,Recommended,326480,18313540,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,yoshina haru,"Buy this game play all route 1 time.After install Restoration patch next day awake in the hospital.Return from the hospital continue playing with bloodbag support and used 20+box of tissus.When reach asa and yoru route the gate of hell open in front of me and i fainted, after awake i glad i still alive."
,Recommended,326480,16564709,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,33SSNEAKS,"Date the girl which would never shows up in your 3D life 7/10. would give 10 if they do not cut the H scenes, so i could see thigs that i won't see in my 3D life."
,Recommended,326480,13732178,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,cyrito,"Great Visual Novel!!Was expecting the VN to be short, but nope. It's pretty detailed and the background sound is not bad!Getting the restoration patch is abit pain in the♥♥♥♥♥. but it's worth it :D"
76561198154664875,Recommended,326480,29109016,Posted: 7 January,all,OniiFam,Great charcters with a good story. One of the best VN's on steam imo
76561198302434620,Recommended,326480,26674451,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,yazidrah,Still haven't finished all routes but definitely buy it. You'll not regret your decision 10/10
,Recommended,326480,27811210,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,NadA-iwnl,"the plot, music, and all things in this game are awesome.."
,Recommended,326480,19280187,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Therical,"This has an amazing story and although in order to get the 18+ patch you need to download a few things and it took me 5 hours, I really love this game and still haven't even completed it yet!!!"
76561198005112979,Recommended,326480,19489012,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Locuust,"+Art+Story+Voice Acting+Music-At times the story gets a little long winded or drags on about everyday life-Not a huge soundtrack and gets a little repetitive at times (Zzzzz relaxing)As my first foray into a VN it's generally a positive experience. Art, music, voice acting, are all solid. The writing, while not entirely original, manages to sprinkle in anime tropes without being glaringly obvious. In other words it's a good read that doesn't tick off tropes from the ""list"" in such an obvious fashion as to make one roll ones eyes. If I had to make a complaint it would be the pacing at the start. While it's refreshing in a way that the game doesn't take the typical route of a slice of life anime where they have overly bombastic friends/situations to keep the tension high, I found myself pulled out of my immersion by my anticipation of when I'd actually be able to make a choice (Edit-will just enjoy the ride the next time). The writing is thoughtful and introspective, but like a warm summer day with nothing to do. It may occupy you but eventually you'll be shaken from your reverie having to acknowledge your boredom (worth waiting for the climax). Ymmv. For me it was probably amplified by the generally somber music.*Edit*Well it took me a while to finish as I got sidetracked a bit but man great ending. It's a bit of a roller coaster and a bit sappy at times but the payoff is great and in hindsight is supported rather well by a story that felt more like minced life instead of slice of life (aka got stuck in minutiae).Will play again."
76561198012410752,Recommended,326480,18902647,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,zachgtaylor,"I completed every possible ending and enjoyed everyone of them... although the no romance ending is rather flat when compared to the others.Uncensored version thoughts:I read so many reviews that said something to the effect of how to really enjoy the game or get the most out of the story you had to play the uncensored version...  I however strongly disagree.  I enjoyed the sweetness of the consored version and did not find any content to be lacking other than the ""cencored sceens""  which have no story changing dialog."
,Recommended,326480,19366989,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,ninjakul39,It's like playing Katawa Shoujo with Planes..10/10 would cry again
,Recommended,326480,19331900,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Chiruuuz,very recommended VN Game... Beautiful artworks and good for you if u want to try VN Game
76561198053926675,Not Recommended,326480,22618728,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,joeker,"I have a total of 90+ hours in this game (most of it is from the patch that disables steam overlay and timeplayed)Would I reccomend this ""game""?No.The biggest issue with the game is its censorship.its not hard to bypass, but its there, which is a huge negative in my opinion.Then theres the translation issues.If you dont get the patch (which youre an idiot if you dont), unless you can speak and understand fluent japanese, there will be a huge portion of the game that is nigh undecipherable. Spelling, grammar, incorrect sentence structure, its as if the translation team literally spent 0 hours trying to translate this properly, and instead sent it through google translate.My biggest personal qualm would have to be the still images. There is probably only 3 variations of each location. Of which there are about 10. Thats 30 images total. Put together with the different expressions and poses the characters are actually in, makes it seem as if they arent moving, they are simply being copy and pasted into a different place. Its very immersion breaking and kinda hilarious. Not in a good way. This is all just personal qualms, but they are prevelent through out the entire ""game"" (its not a game... there are like 5 decisions, which are totally stupid and seem utterly pointless)The final issue i have with this game is the characters. Do i even need to say anything about Aoi? He is the luckiest son of a ♥♥♥♥♥ on earth, having nearly 20 beautiful women all near him. At an age where his hormones should have been RAGING (Hes 14-15, give or take a year or so). Sure hes awkward, but so much so he is utterly clueless for most of the novel. In fact, its almost like He was written to be a bland narrator instead of an actual changing person. I dont think i saw him one time in the entire novel say anything that wasnt unexpected or surprising. Not even when he was talking about his ""injury"" (he scrapped his knee. boohoo. hes a little ♥♥♥♥♥). Hell, even (WARNING: MAJOR SPOILERS) when they learned what happened to isuka he acted like a emotionless robot narrator.There are alot of Visual Novels that have been released first in japanese then translated into english for a steam release.You really want a fantastic Visual Novel experience? Get Clannad, or Katawa shoujo, or the numerous others that are a higher quality when it comes to story, length, and charactersDo not waste your money on this."
,Recommended,326480,22778576,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,No,Chicken best waifu ftw - 10/10
76561197998273745,Recommended,326480,17046225,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Pufson,"I like manga and anime so when I for the first time saw this game on Summer Sale I thought ""Well... why not. Seems to be a little tivial plot but i will try"". Today i finished game for the first time and you know what? I dont regret this 25+ hours of my life because this was beautiful story with a masterpiece kind of music. I love this game so much. I definitely recommend this game to all who wants to experience magnificent story of friendship, love and unstoppable ideas. My rating is hard 11/10."
,Recommended,326480,17053407,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Plankton,"If My Heart Had Wings (Kono Oozora Ni Tsubasa Wo Hirogete)Take a note I review this VN with Restoration Patch. I lose interest without patch because the writing isn't good enough and there's no H sceneStory 8Visual 8.5Music 7Soundtrack 8Overall 8/10Favorite heroine : Ageha, Hotaru, Amane, Kanako, Kotori, Yoru, AsaPS : Hotaru & Kanako route are available in Fandisk and the english patch is still being translatehttps://vndb.org/v10979"
76561198074737499,Recommended,326480,17052993,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Macdeas,"This virtual novel is all about a club that consists mostly of females, and their noblest of quests to find ""the morning glory"", only to find out that Aoi was hiding it in his pants all along.6/9"
76561198069612166,Recommended,326480,17110815,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,minuszero012,"It really is long since I cried on playing games . I mean this game is my very first visual novel ,and it made my tears came out without knowing it.Great Story , Great Art , only thing that bothers me is all that censorship (So that I decided to contact my Japanese friend and ask him to buy and send me the Limited Edition with all those DLC likes  lol )So for anyone who wants to enjoy the story of the School Life , this is the great one . Recommended for anyone who wants to start your very first visual novel game too.Peace( If there's any bad or wrong english I apologize , I'm not really good in english though)"
76561198119701905,Recommended,326480,16710923,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Regi,Broke my kokoro and helped me learned to respect wheelchair girls... restoration patch is a bonus :^)10/10 these trading cards are worth more than my entire steam inventory.
,Recommended,326480,17202016,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Mah Boi Artix,All they ever do is talk about gliders; it's still more exciting than my life.
,Recommended,326480,17244690,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Random,A game where i accually played for the story and paths.10/10 Theres a duck with a hat
76561198063310201,Recommended,326480,18069661,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Jagamon,"Yes it is censored, like duh, it is steam, even if they want to know if you're over 18 they'll still do this to you. What you think I'm being harsh, cause I am, not that I find that it takes away from the awesome story at all. Seriously even with out the H scenes which I hear you can get back through the Restoration Patch that I found out after completed a whole route. To lazy to use it because I don't want to go through all of that again. So this game has a really, and I mean really good story to it and is worth the time you take to get it over and done with. I think it took me around 10 to 12 hours to do all of it, have no idea why my steam time says I've clock 14 hours. But it is a very good VN, well the story at least and that what makes me recommend it to you. If you want H scenes get the Patch it is linked in discussions on the game. It was good fun and I think the only things that trumps this in VN so far is fruits of grisaia in story and hours you rack up in it."
,Recommended,326480,18830768,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,TiredSlimjim,Duck with a hat. 10/10
,Recommended,326480,16906492,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,LilRump,get the uncensored version for unlimited anime ♥♥♥♥♥♥s
76561198088675296,Recommended,326480,16916094,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,PhantomFathom,If I had a dollar for everytime the main character says 'by the way' I'd be able to buy this game again
76561198175747566,Recommended,326480,23173446,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,BRUH! THIS IS STUPID,this game worth the price! Great and fun game!
,Recommended,326480,13827556,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,CloseIA,gucci la git gud
76561198036327015,Recommended,326480,25188169,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,ok glitch found,gg wp already regretting :d
,Recommended,326480,18370519,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Garnet Til Alexandros 2.0 ❀,This game made me realise how crappy my life is.
,Recommended,326480,30566650,Posted: 17 March,all,TwoFoldz,This is why I love 2D grils :')
,Recommended,326480,20818364,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Asadafa07 [God Is Dead],"If you're like me, a badass who goes for the childhood friend's route as a first route, this game is for you.#TeamChildhoodFriendThe animation was amazing, the music was good and the waifus...GOD AGEHA <3I still have to end some routes, but this game Is pretty nice.Totally worth it fams.10/10"
,Recommended,326480,20826744,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,andinasPL,Great game to start journey with Visual Novels. One of best novels I have ever played. This game feels a lot.
76561198153393788,Recommended,326480,16305992,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,< Ratind >,この  ゲムわだいつき｡
76561198046733342,Recommended,326480,13784472,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,アリス・ツーベルク,"I would recommend this game to allAt first i was quite bored at the first part of the story since it takes a while to get startedbut as i slowly progress i came across my first choice which made me pumped to see thedifference to which choice i make. (no spoilers so i wont go into detail)The story line gets addctive when go futher into it , the characters that slowly appearedalso looks good with each of them having a different personality.Other than this there are the sideline characters who help to set the enviromentand sometimes provide a laugh or two depending on the side characters.So far (about the time i wrote this review) i only completed and conquered 1 routefranekly it takes 10-14 hours to do one for me even tho sometimes i want to rushthrough certain not so entertaining scenes. but overall this game gives u quite a lotof play time if u want to conquer all the girls and all the achieviements.Would recommed this game"
,Recommended,326480,30649661,Posted: 21 March,all,孜然炉火,I need  Chinese！！！I need  Chinese！！！I need  Chinese！！！
,Not Recommended,326480,24455228,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Nyu,"The game is pretty good but the translation is awful. Ageha route is unplayable.I guess i have to wait some time to finish this game (for some fan translation).I've been waiting a long time, guess i'll have to replay it when it comes out.Shame on MoeNovel"
,Recommended,326480,14173966,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Unidentify91,"NO!I don't know how I get this game, it just appears somehow...NO!I don't play the game, the recorded time must have been glitch or something....NO!I don't know anything about the restoration patchNO!I did not go after Ageha first, then skip Kotori's route as fast as possible just to get into Amane's routeNO!I won't answer any questionNO!I do not recommend this game, must have been a glitch or something"
,Recommended,326480,18729608,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Kmart Kid,its a good game but then everytime i try to open it i keep getting an error please help
,Recommended,326480,18932009,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Ryen,Excellent art with a gripping story that makes you addicted to keep going and complete every route and every achievement. Definately worth the buy! XD
,Recommended,326480,24443418,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,MurderPrincess,"Spoilers: I got my childhood waifu, got a tsun waifu, got an adorable ditsy waifu, got a cute loli waifu, and got two waifus at the same time. 80085/10"
76561198262912325,Recommended,326480,29623335,Posted: 1 February,all,Slade,If My Heart Had WingsNote: Only recommended on re-translation patchLength: LongNumber of Routes: 4.5Avg Time of a Route: 7-8+ hoursFailure Possible: YesCharacters: GoodProgression: Pretty GoodSoundtrack: Pretty GoodAchivement Difficulty: 2Additional Thoughts: Again only recommended with a re-translation patch as the original release is overly bad. This VN does start off slow but it does pick up closer to the middle. If i had to name a con about the story would be certain routes tend to be more in overdrive than others but they were still followable. Its also a rare VN i have read where it does have an Antagionist who appears in mutliple stories and main characters dont disapear between routes.
,Recommended,326480,29260224,Posted: 14 January,all,MikeyJz,"This is my favorite game.  Ever.  The story, characters, and artwork are all beautiful.  I love anime!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,326480,26035884,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,weebo,Great storyline for each character and the art in this game is breath-taking.
,Recommended,326480,15751438,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Bourbon,"Probably my favorite game (or VN) on Steam and my GOTY 2014. This sounds extreme, but I mean it. The characters are very well done and actually lovable, the art quality is phenomenal and the voice acting is super well done (according to my Japanese friend)There are negatives, so I'll state them right here: The translation job is bad at times. Typos are rare but happen enough to be consistent, and there was a character never shown on screen, whose gender was unkown, and the description kept popping from he to she to him to her, it was confusing.Oh and obviously the game is censored to the extreme, because of Steam, but that's not really a negative, as this game is less hentai or even ecchi, and is more about the wonderful story and characters.Pros? As said the characters are really easy to get attached to, the art is good, but what else? Well I can remember the soundtrack after I stop playing, so that's something.But really, it's very long. Like, I mean, it takes 5 hours to get the THE INTRO MOVIE. Not only is it very very long, but it has multiple paths, so replay value is high especially with such well done girls (though some are more best than others, such as Kotori)And the game is really inspiring and uplifting to boot.I genuinely adore this VN, and would highly recommend it. One of the biggest pros of all, is it's on Steam, AND this good. It's a step in the right direction for Steam, after the several bad VNs that have been put on here. This along with Fault Milestone have changed my mind, and I welcome the genre."
,Recommended,326480,14768227,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Chriskat777,Threw a paraplegic off a cliff. 11/10
,Recommended,326480,25962786,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Arezjuandrez,The Best of my list
,Recommended,326480,28634172,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,sadpig,It's too long that cost exceed 30 hours.
,Recommended,326480,28918663,Posted: 1 January,all,Pernajuel,"I really like the game, but there´s one thing bothering me: in my opinion, the game should ask the player in the beginning if they are familiar with the physics of aeroplanes. Since the protagonist doesn´t seem to know it was reallyannoying ´cause i was like ""yeah i know that"" and he was like ""nope never heard of it"". Still a nice game"
,Recommended,326480,28680528,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Vent,"Hey, this game is pretty good!"
,Recommended,326480,28683397,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,❤️Shenrio,Kotori Habane best waifu..!!
76561198285716022,Recommended,326480,29774998,Posted: 7 February,all,jetridergaming,this game gives me the feels :)11/10 ign
76561198119264635,Recommended,326480,31251053,Posted: 20 April,all,Vanilla,Its awesome and its gonna really awesome if you had the restoration patch ( ͡° ʖ̯ ͡°)
,Recommended,326480,15139048,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Senpai,Anime + Kawaii Girls = 11/10 IGN 2015
,Recommended,326480,24530637,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,luodog,like watching anime but people can make fun of you because they can see how much hours you play it
76561198145481460,Recommended,326480,16110250,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,[Youkoso].Suzune Horikita,10/10 This game was show me how beautiful sky are
,Recommended,326480,13313810,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,RandomClown,"GET IT--It's not often I get games when they are not on sale; this being one of the rare occurrences.I do not regret the purchase.Even with all the hate this novel gets for having content [18+ scenes] removed or censored [with a towel], I think it's worth picking up. Of course, you'll want to patch it for the original scenes anyways, but its still pretty good as is. Check out the guides in Steam for patching instruction.What I like:+ Felt connected to characters+ Plenty of feels+ It is quite long; I clocked 50 hours for the 1st path (I read slower than most people)+ Very detailed; With the amount of detail they give, it has me very engaged with each scene+ Art; There was more art than I was expecting to be in a VN. In silly scenes, they even have an entire style of drawing+ Voice acting; There is voice acting [in Jp] for all characters except yourself. I like the quality of it+ Sound assets aplenty; Whether it be characters talking, or a pen dropping, there is sound. Much more lively than other novels I've read+ Music is catchy; I ended up getting the sound trackProblems:- Translations are derp sometimes- Grammar is incorrect sometimes- AO content removed [see the guides in Steam to restore it]I liked that it was long, but some people might actually find that a con."
76561198034370299,Recommended,326480,13275964,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,FriggaN,If my heart had wings offer great story as well as good character development so that you connect with every character in someway. The comedy is first rate (in my opinion) i've not laughed this much with any other Visuel novels I've played. The music fits perfectly to the theme of the Novel. And thanks to it I've learned a bunch about gliders.A must play for visuel Novel lovers!
76561198173938506,Recommended,326480,29006704,Posted: 4 January,all,Japanese Mapping,"Rating - 8/10Reasons: The reasons why I give this a rating of 8 out 10 is that it isn't really your average Visual Novel as you take on a role of a protaginist who may have a connection with you like it had with me when I played it. Other Visual Novels will just put you in a world where volupturers women are at your beckoning. Whilst this game does that sometimes, its fine as they need it to sell well. Its also strangely entertaining for people and the artwork is enticing for anyone who look at this game for their first time. I suggest maybe giving this a shot if its your first time in the Visual Novel Genre, not only would you get a kick out of it but it will help you seek out good Visual Novels to play and get your money's worth.Reviewed By:ChengFengSee."
,Recommended,326480,25521387,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,ATWP™,Story Rich! Relaxing yet emotionalTranslation's a bit of whacky though10/10
,Recommended,326480,22118177,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Lewd,"idk, something about a girl with a heart murmur"
76561198030316940,Recommended,326480,32894004,Posted: 27 June,all,SilverSky,"Beautiful game! I love the art, music, and the story is interesting!"
76561198128635616,Recommended,326480,13715125,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,pouseylova6,bez game evar m8
,Not Recommended,326480,19697596,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Muffin Baking Warlord,"The story of My Heart Had Wings is fairly engaging, even if it has the classic VN problems of being way too long and in dire need of editing down, and being full of annoying anime cliche nonsense. It also suffers from being really weak at first, with characters only becoming bearable hours into the story. However, the editing in this game is actually inexcusable. The translation is already kind of spotty, with some scenes making very little sense and the prose generally being fairly curt, but as some point they just fired all the beta testers.http://imgur.com/a/Mj5HIAll of these mistakes are within a couple scenes of each other, and at the same time a bunch of scenes become borderline incomprehensible in their translation and some lines are quite clearly mistranslated, even to someone who doesn't speak the language, just by context. Additionally, some lines start getting attributed as narration, there's horrible inconsistency in honorfics, a character who has been nothing but sensitive suddenly calls a character ""a cripple"" in a really dismissive way... it's actually unbelievable. There's enough good stories in the world that you don't need to spend a huge amount of time on an alright story told way too slowly with appalling unprofessional localisation."
,Not Recommended,326480,22521904,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Aserdon,"Brilliant game, terrible localization. I think you would be better off buying this game from somewhere else. However, if you do decide to buy it here, get the restoration patch(http://fuwanovel.net/novels/if-my-heart-had-wings-restoration-patch). It restores content that was removed and fixes translation errors.I have to reiterate that the game itself is brilliant. It's just ruined by translation errors and excessive cencoring."
,Not Recommended,326480,33369140,Posted: 8 July,all,#!/bin/blankaex,"tl;dr: 2/10. Game was mediocre at best but the """"""""translation"""""""" was literally unplayable.Full Review:Going into it, I wasn't expecting much from this game (and rightly so). I only really played it because I made the mistake of buying it, so take that as you will. However I did chose this VN out of all the others I regret buying and have yet to play, so the bias isn't all lopsided. Nevertheless, I have obligatory business to attend to.The story was pretty uninteresting and more or less inconsequential. There were no meaningful developments and overall nothing really happens. At the very least I'd rather be reading this than doing nothing, so it's better thansomegames in that respect. I just couldn't bring myself to relate to or sympathise with any of the characters and I didn't really care too much for what was going on. The poor translation may have played a significant role in this, but we'll get to that later.Before I get all heated up, I also want to mention a few other details. The artwork wasn't that good. Some of the CGs were nice but a lot of the sprites were disproportionate and a bit of an eyesore to look at honestly. The music was also rather subpar. The ambient tracks are okay but the rest were pretty jarring and just annoying to have playing in the background while I was reading. It detracted a lot from the experience, really.If this was all it was, I'd think the game would maybe be a 4 or so on the meaningless out-of-ten scale. It wasn't terrible, it just wasn't very good. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone, but it doesn't get any better. The main reason I really dislike this release is because of the translation.Take a look atthis screenshot. The text log starts at the very beginning of the scene. Does this make sense to you? It certainly doesn't to me. Is there an invisible man hitting everyone with a cane that I don't know about? Or is the translation just wrong, perhaps? Of this entire screenshot, only one line was translated correctly. Masatsugu never said ouch, he said ""oh, there she is."" There was no mention of a baby either, Masatsugu'snamewas somehow mistranslated. The rest of the lines bar one all have similar problems.Throughout my playthrough, I picked up on countless such errors. I don't even have to see the source material to know things are wrong because it simplymakes no sense, and comparing it with the dialogue only confirms my suspicions. I understand that it's a fan translation and may not be localized perfectly, but it's not even that - it's just completely wrong.In addition to the translation errors in every second or third line (no exaggeration), there were also a fair number of scripting errors. One particularly amusing one I noticed was that speaker names were frequently swapped around, which made for very interesting conversations, such asthis one.It's infuriating to see users being charged money for a product whose developers clearly don't even have a modicum of professionalism and won't even proofread, let alone quality check before release. I can't imagine someone had read this and decided ""yep, it would be totally fair to take $15 off people for this."" It is my heartfelt recommendation that you do not purchase this game. This Steam edition also has all H-scenes removed, and for a game that's already of poor quality, what else would you be playing for?"
76561198017418708,Recommended,326480,18995323,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,天诛,"no matter how hard I tried I couldn't get ""forever alone"" ending :(11/10 for realism"
76561198077022220,Not Recommended,326480,32189350,Posted: 4 June,all,DapperWood,"Initial Thoughts on ""If My Heart Had Wings""(Note: I have not finished my playthrough of this title at this point and plan to make periodic updates to the review below Also this review will contain spoilers below the intro paragraph so be forewarned)""If My Heart Had Wings"" Being my first foray into the visual novel genre has not made the greatest impression of the genre as a whole. As far as being a novel goes the english script is poorly written: littered with grammatical, structure, and occaisional spelling errors.  The motivations behind each of the charcters goes from questionable at best, to non-existant. The music in the game suffers from being stereotypical Moe style background music, simply included as an obligation rather than an effort to make something that could draw the reader into the work as a whole. On the bright side of things the art style was pleasing and it is apparent that the developer put more stock into the visual part of this work rather than the novel part.The text of the game has to have gotten lost in translation somewhere. not a single one of the lines of dialogue that I have read so far in the game feels natural. Instead of opting for a more conversational tone when characters are speaking the readers eyes are graced with lines such as ""Hey, why is she here!? You said we were going out to do shopping for the dormitory!"". Lines of that quality and worse are littered throughout the work, it just does not sound natural. the next issue with the text is the novel's apparent need to explain every little title and annotation added that someone would not find in most western cultures, even in anime they keep such explanations restricted to little footnotes so as to not draw the audience's attention away from the more important dialogue. however the developers just had to add these explanations into the main text boxes alongside the dialogue of the characters rather than allocate a small portion of the screen away from the meat of the text. Honestly as the audience trying to invest oneself into this are you really all that curious as to why a character is referred to as ""Chan"" rather than ""San""?The cast of characters is the other issue i take with the game. Most of them, including the protagonist Aoi feel unfinished and bland rather than fully fleshed out characters. Maybe the game is a really slow burn but so far no one, with the exception of Kotori (although I have a feeling I know how her story ends) is very interesting. Also the developer seems to be trying to paint Aoi as some sort of white knight/ paragon type character, but he comes off as really controlling and selfish the incident that comes to mind is when hetakes Kotori's withdrawal letter, and then hides it from her when she asks him about it."
,Not Recommended,326480,26759167,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,i_Go_SpLaT,"Bought because I thought ht was a full featured import. Nope. Completely axed all sexual ANYTHING, even down to altering kiss scenes. Leaves weird plot holes. Bad engrish translation at best in a few scenes. Dialogue in desperate need of an editor. Overall, if you're into these japanese VN's that have some nudity, stick with non-steam versions, because this is just sad. Steam is like the goddamn WALMART of gaming. All the ♥♥♥♥ing garbage greenlight games you can stomach and then some, but god forbid someone on the internet SEE A DRAWN NIPPLE.The steam version CANNOT BE PATCHED with the restoration patch. AVOID."
,Not Recommended,326480,32576300,Posted: 19 June,all,ヅライヒープ,"This is a great visual novel. Executes an interesting story about change and sentiment, while offering the kawaii aspects of fanservice-anime that any likely player will be looking for.However, be aware that the out-of-the-box steam version is censored. You will need to follow a guide to restore censored material. Unsure why the developers did not simply have a checkbox for censored/uncensored versions. It's a shame that one must go through this process (although it is not long), and that steam achievements are unavailable with the restored content patch.It is for this reason that I am giving it a negative review. It is one of the best VNs in existence, yet it arrives in a ridiculously censored and poorly translated package."
76561198033007071,Recommended,326480,20339020,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,ProtatoJoe,can't play this secretly people are on to my weebness...
,Recommended,326480,20235548,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Laguna,Amazing game! Great story and characters design. hugely recommended.
76561198066352927,Recommended,326480,20244142,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,MUSE,"Having been hesitated for a week whether to buy this game or not, I decided to try my luck on the very first visual novel like this game. I finally found it's absolutely impressive, engraved on my memory, worth buying even if it's not on sale.This japanese-style visual novel comes along with unique line drawing including nice CG-based imagery and very bright scenery.Well...Shortly, I really like this game."
76561198141223094,Recommended,326480,23591145,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Christiandcb777,A beautiful story about a group of highschol students determined to achieve their goal in their soaring club despite facing many obstacles. With replayability as there are 5 routes to clear (not including bad end). The artwork is phenomonal with picturesque backgrounds. Would reccomend to those looking for a slice of life / romantic / comedy.
,Recommended,326480,20145561,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Radgridr,"Great story, so many feels 11/10 would play again"
,Recommended,326480,20205147,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,TheDivineKnightCrusader90,"Hmm, this was a tough one to recommend. Why? There was so much to it that I found to be attributing to being boring. I had to look up how to achieve each route, and as I went through each, I realized that you don't make very many decisions at all. In fact, there is only like 6 major decisions (Depending on the previous decisions you have made) I like a visual novel where you make a lot of decisions, regardless of how much plot you have. Also, the characters felt very rigid with their movements and facial expressions a lot during the scenes where people were talking to each other in a non-special scene. It was just weird. Also, it may be just the fact that I am new to visual novels, but I felt that the pacing was very...slow. That could just be the fact that very few decisions were made, but still. Now, I did actually enjoy the hell out of this at times. I am semi-new to visual novels and gameplay, but a lot of times, this had very realistic scenes of the glider flying in the air, etc. The art was amazing, and I love animes and visual novels that strive to create vivid imagery and lighting. It was phenominal. For the sound, the music was fairly limited in its range, but the sound effects made were very well done, if you ask me. I would give this a solid 6/10, not because it is mediocre, but because there are a lot of elements to a game/visual novel that need to be adjusted in order to make the audience a bit more interested in the story, even with a good soundtrack, where this one had like 1 really good song. That was the opening song in the main menu. I wanted to seriously play this and be enthralled, and to some degree, I was.*Don't be too harsh. I am new to making reviews on here*"
,Recommended,326480,20128782,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,ＮＩＧＨＴＣＯＲＥ,Played for the plot. Kappa
,Recommended,326480,20255094,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Skye,The story developed in each route is really unique. It has really good art style. The soundtracks are really great and the movies played when the story is progressing is really nice to watch. I was a little disappointed where you have to date the twin sisters because I was hoping for Yoru's route alone since it has Asa's route.
76561198047248432,Recommended,326480,20252023,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Fucking Badass,"I reccomend this VN because;1: Great length, which means good for time killing(Ex:My hours put into the VN)2: Character development(Character development is a key factor for romance)3: Simple choices(about 4) in the VN thus making it very easy to choose a route4: Voice acting(Not all VNs get voice acting)5: The charcters themselves(Introduces a fairly decent variety) and the male character isn't an ignorant kind of character6: Hey, there's like 20 achievements, so get them if you want7: For 'certain' appeals, you can install the restoration patch ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
76561198118060336,Recommended,326480,14577221,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Spc Gould,Cant .......... Stop............. Playing............. Must continue...... Onwards!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,326480,26898396,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nightpain,Spent so long in this game and I still haven't beaten it
,Recommended,326480,29361546,Posted: 19 January,all,Red❤Velvet,Just started it but i can already say it looks soooooooo beautiful 10/10 so far
,Recommended,326480,18758574,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Suga★Kookie,"A father checks in a hotel and asks the desk clerk a question: ""Is the p*rn here disabled""?The clerk replies: ""We've only got normal p*rn you sick f**k""Clearly did not have this game installed.11/10, 24 hour long routes with your choice of childhood friend, disabled chick, the busty older sister figure or double trouble twins, great family entertainment and provides educational information about flying gliders."
,Not Recommended,326480,34141261,Posted: 10 August,all,MeNameEdnaShrekidan,Spent more time questioning why game logic doesn't work with irl girls  than actually reading the story 0/10 and also used a crippled girl as a grocery cart
,Recommended,326480,25377696,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Lumina,"This is a good and sometimes emtoional novel game that is many many hours long so you def get your money worth, I can recommend this and if you like anime or novels or a meaningful story than you won't regret this game.There are different relationship options for you to choose in the game, 5 in total; and each one provides a different take on the story and changes the scene's, so there is good replay value as sometimes you see things you did not see before and other times it adds to the deepness of the story."
,Not Recommended,326480,22728178,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Hawke,"Might be worth buying on sale (75% discount).ProsGood graphics;Nice soundtrack;""Skip"" button and options;Cards' prices from $0.20 to $0.40;Achievements;Interesting information about aircrafts.ConsNo choices in the first 2 hours (update:no meaningful choices at all);Plot consists of tropes and dialogues make no sense;Some routes are locked on the 1st playthrough;Vegan-unfriendly, homophobic and sexist protagonist;VA;Some untranslated phrases in Japanese, when on the title screen.I didn't finish the game and requested a refund.Update.Bought it again for easy achievements and cards."
,Recommended,326480,20307068,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Ochako,Amane is best senpai.Amane and Ageha are best girls.Asa is best loli.An-Chan is best chanchan.Kanako is best underwear.Kotori is trash wheelchair.4/5 panties
76561198117587701,Recommended,326480,22823213,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Exiduz,Not only it offers you a good stories it also make you learn a lot more about planes10/10 currently my best visual novel i've ever played
,Recommended,326480,22742903,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,CrackedGhostGames,"If I wanted to learn aerodynamics I would have picked up a book...Otherwise... It's got good ""art"" if you catch my drift ;)"
,Recommended,326480,22641379,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Lionheart,Forgot to save and failed in any routes.
76561198005581542,Recommended,326480,22723684,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Kenpachi 八,1 of the Best Light novel I ever readed story was good long and keep me excited what coming next I completed 2 route and gona finish other 2 also because  each route have its own story behind it so its not jusk skipping whole game and read in each route few words I would definetly buy it again it wasnt wasted money
,Recommended,326480,22814713,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,tombdragon,"What really sold it for me was that the protagonist isn't just a lame audience self-insert, and I considered him a great addition to the cast.Great art, great story, definitely worth every hour. Don't be deceived by my record, I've put at least twice that into the game.If you are even casually into visual novels, this is the one."
76561197978699728,Recommended,326480,26369318,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Onii-Chan!,"#OniichanApproved!A compelling visual novel from start to finish. Be advised, completing all routes will require a large investment of your time.Con: requires that you to complete the main route before the other ones are unlocked."
76561198141718157,Recommended,326480,22763832,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,TukangKroto,"Great VN seriously,It's a good way to spending your times in front of your computer besides"
,Recommended,326480,16890045,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Phoenix,"I don't feel like making a review for this game, but I want to contribute to the overall rating for this game so ummm...Buy this game?also the trading cards are ridiculously expensive for this game, seriously check out the foils!"
,Recommended,326480,17001376,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,scoRp//,Ducks and girls are present equally here.( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)/10(use the Restoration Patch for better Plot results)With plot I don't mean boobs. But they'll be restore boobs too.
76561198063895643,Recommended,326480,30882710,Posted: 1 April,all,mustard_pretzel,I came here expecting a waifu in a wheelchair and I got a holdback lecturing me about aerodynamicsI also got that wheelchair but I just didn't expect my physics class to follow me into my anime games.10/10 would learn Bernoulli's Theorem again
,Recommended,326480,16980576,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Stormfelt,"This game is surprisingly good. The only problem I found was a common problem I have, I read too damn fast. I just listened to the characters speaking for the first hour of the game, after that I was just, meh, full text speed, no voice cause ♥♥♥♥ it.The game is very easy. For the people who are new to the visual novel games, I suggest this game, you learn to make choices the easy way, I mean, most of the choices are like: ""choose a character"" or ""yeah I like you"", so it is very easy to go for the one you want to go with.You only need to finish Kotori's route to be able to access the others with the exception of Ageha's, but meh, my first route was actually Kotori's, I really liked her.Just sad that there was no duck route."
76561198348305616,Recommended,326480,35068127,Posted: 19 September,all,¤KaReN¤,Great game
76561198054365658,Recommended,326480,33292884,Posted: 5 July,all,LoKiLuKo,"I played the game with the restoration patch, 100% completed.It's pretty damn good.  The romance options can be a bit trope heavy at times, but nothing is particularly offensive, and the Ageha route does play with some interesting ideas. It can get a little tedious if you play all of the routes consecutively, so if the repeating narrative is getting a little tired, there is no shame in dropping the game after wooing 1-2 love interests.My harshest criticism would be aimed at the audio design during the erotic content.  It's a bit over the top and you can't help but laugh as you picture the voice actors in the recording booth.  I personally muted the voice audio for these scenes.  Unfortunatly some of these scenes do have a bearing on the plot, so I wouldn't reccomend skipping them, but none go much longer than 10 minutes.The overall quality is pretty high for a visual novel.  Some of the animated scene are not as appealing as the static sprites, but that permeates the genre.Over all its a great value for the cost, even if you only chose to play one route.  That should take about 15 hours; a little longer if you have trouble getting the patch to work."
,Recommended,326480,33193847,Posted: 3 July,all,.C҉ Ʀ ҉ Ǻ҉ZY.Ivy,Wonderful Game ...! Recommended For VVIBU.....!
,Recommended,326480,17921703,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,ファラデイ 「Faraday」,"Do you enjoy visual novels and slice of life stories?Play it. Now!If my heart had wings is a beautiful story about a guy and his harem trying to reach for the sky on their glider. It's well written and inspiring, has captivating characters, nice soundtrack and many touching moments."
,Recommended,326480,33277732,Posted: 5 July,all,✪Shura✪,I played this game on my android but the route for the girls are quite expensive . Since Lord Gaben added this to the sale I bought it not just for the route/If you know what I meanOverall the story is good . I cant comment on the routes yet because I have yet to play their paths.
,Recommended,326480,18597752,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,dundeeyy,played this with uncensored patch.10/10 would.... IFYKWIM ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198035304306,Recommended,326480,14628596,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,stevem1408,"If you are looking for a long movie with slow temp, soft music, amazing background artworks, vivid character pictures, and some funny random moments when wacthing it, 14.99 is totally worthy for this entire movie."
,Recommended,326480,16516198,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,[FazeDownAssUp] Kup,:^)
,Recommended,326480,25178036,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,ましろちゃん,good game i like
,Recommended,326480,25173161,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Pisco-chan,Nice
,Recommended,326480,26609473,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,kuroshiki,Best VN ever ;~;
76561198079863413,Recommended,326480,13074346,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,kevinpen,"I actually played this game two years ago with its original Japanese version.I enjoyed it so much that I decided to buy it again.Perhaps it is the best visual novel you can find on steam, really.It would be better if it also includes Japanese subtitles.(There are two Fan Discs available for this game, one includes all other subcharaters' route and another is about Kotori. Visithttp://www.pulltop.comfor more information)"
,Recommended,326480,13538850,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,T.E.D,I have no idea what this game is :D
,Recommended,326480,26550146,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,peppydogdog,"Never play this game while hungry. trust me, just don't."
,Recommended,326480,13134454,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Pubmaster111 -iwnl-,10/10 Love the story line
,Not Recommended,326480,34985525,Posted: 15 September,all,bunny1ov3r,"Honestly this is not such a bad VN. Its theme revolves around adolescence. Through easy-to-look-at artwork, relaxing music, and believable teenager characters, and story that doesn't go too far out of ordinary, it does deliver on that central theme.However, It has an exceedingly long storyline coupled with ultra slow pacing. And that wouldn't be a problem had the story been interesting. Unfortunately, whatever appeals this game had in the beginning starts to wear off 5 hours+ into the game when it still does the same thing. For example, I am a fast reader who skipped a fair bit of texts. Eleven hours in, I am still not finished reading the common route, which details our protagonist's everyday life...Personally, I can only give a negative recommendation since I dropped this VN. If you are a much more patient reader for these kind of things, go ahead and give this a try."
,Recommended,326480,17247398,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Agent ♂7♂,All aboard the feels train
,Recommended,326480,26959391,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AllanKamimura,"Great game. Learned a lot more about aerodynamics than in my class.PS: I'm an aeronautical engineering student, good luck flying in the future.Pros:-LolisCons:-Steam"
,Recommended,326480,18755595,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,h0tsp4ce,great flight simulator with boobs 10/10
,Recommended,326480,28641345,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,AmaneMochizuki,.
,Recommended,326480,25377569,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,BigBoss,Best Game Ever!Have A Good Story!
76561198203221076,Recommended,326480,25457351,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Blazo,The beginning is the definition of yaoi
,Not Recommended,326480,28092186,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Makure,"tldr: find a version from somewhere other than steam, preferably one with a better translation.I was really looking forward to this game. But I couldn't even make it through early game.Firstly, the expected: really clunky Steam censorship. 'Nuff said.Ok, so I know there is a homebrew patch that supposedly fixes the censorship and other things, it is not particulalry easy, and it sounds like it will likely break the game if you do it wrong. No easy solution through Steam on this point.Secondly, this VN is poorly translated. The dialog sounds clunky, inconsistent, and is overall an unpleasant experience.I understand that this is a really, REALLY good VN (based on other reviews). However, don't waste your time or money on the Steam version."
,Not Recommended,326480,17175333,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,YdenMkII,"While the story is very heartfelt, the actual translation is very spotty.  It feels like a first draft that was shipped as a complete project.  There are very many cases of the wrong pronoun being used or the wrong name being referenced as well as numerous cases where words are missing from sentences.  Also there is even one route where what is normally referred to as ""the soaring club"" is just ""Soaring"".  The whole script could use another editing pass but if you can work your way through these issues, I would recommend getting this only if it's on sale.  The current state of the translation is not worth the full asking price."
76561198048223461,Recommended,326480,35363988,Posted: 30 September,all,Asa Kazato,i definetly dont like this game at all. i also dont have more thn 4 hrs and have not just been using the restoration patch that does'nt count hours. that is all.
,Recommended,326480,21376289,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,N3jJsEm( ͡◉ ͜ʖ ͡◉)D0GE,how come that top tier cancer nekopara have 3% more rating than this masterpiece visual novel? im really enjoying this !
,Recommended,326480,19496322,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Winnie the p00n,"Amazing game and to get the full impact of the game, Install the patch that adds sex scenes.Amane had the best route in my opinion, so after finishing Kotori's route, do Amane's route ASAP."
,Recommended,326480,20811895,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,oogabooga,I will finish tgis gmae one daY
,Recommended,326480,31278386,Posted: 21 April,all,Morris,buy
,Recommended,326480,26909577,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Exa,Don't get it wrong... i just sliced some garlic... it's not like what you think... :'(
76561198055980098,Recommended,326480,23589511,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Rand Paul,">Be me, bored on steam with five bucks>See this game/story>Curious.gif>Never read or seen anime before>100 hours later i finally get off the game>Feels good man.jpeg>see how much time I out into this, and im not even finished.>I thought I only spent an hour.>My life is over, my family name is ruined.>There is but one way to redeem my family name> I slowly pull the Luger from under my pillow, and put on my grandfathers S.S. uniform.>I feel the metal barrel against the inside of my mouth, I grip the pistol hard>My last words before pulling the trigger are ""God save the queen"">My family finds my body, sees what I did>They are relieved>i am a ghost.10/10 game though, very intresting, I do reccomend."
76561198162703817,Recommended,326480,23561708,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,aim4thetop1,"Censored to hell.I haven't been this frustrated with trying to download a file, since my unsuccessful attempts to play Violated Heroine. The patches that people are recommending to install, is a real pain to deal with, and I knew from the start would go wrong, the moment I saw the instructions had mentioned needing app locale. Why? Just why?Nudity was the main reason I bought the game, but because of that, I'm forced to just play the censored version. Seriously, I don't understand why some games with nudity make you jump through hoops just to see the uncensored version, when there are VN's out there that don't censor their stuff this heavily, and ruin things.Disregarding that complaint, as of writing, I have yet to play the game for even an hour. But seeing from other reviews how this is at least a 30+, I can't really wait that long to give my input on the game so far. It's completely obvious that the team who helped bring this game to life, knew exactly what they were doing when making the game.As someone new to using Ren'py, seeing the writing and it's other aspects, really makes me realize what a good budget can do for a visual novel. What I've seen of the game has been pretty polished, and I currently have no idea what the other reviews are talking about, when it comes to the translations being bad.I'm at the point where you meet Ageha for the first time, which according to the game, is at least a half hour inside. So it would be pretty disappointing seeing the quality of the game drop later. That's pretty much all I have to really say on it right now, besides the game now being on sale for significantly less money than I originally bought it for."
76561198048444996,Recommended,326480,18337934,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,ㅋㅋ,Bleh
,Recommended,326480,20228883,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,czarjan,"im on kotori route see my game play? thats how good this game is !!!! btu sadly..... you need to update it in your own to play the updated version i pity steam for not updating this to the latest, by the time i make this review no update has been made to this game zzzzz seriously this version was like 2013 no update r u kidding me? if you update it manually keep in mind that no achievements will be unlocked !!!!"
76561198162280798,Recommended,326480,29351257,Posted: 18 January,all,Haise,Nice Game and Story.
76561198101063273,Not Recommended,326480,18069410,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Mr. Mortus,"To sum up this game in a word I would pick: ""Okay.""At first I was really excited to play this game when I read the curator comments, hoping for a lovable story and some good romance. Unfortunatly for me I got nothing but 13 hours of aeronautical engineering and the bad ending. With a super long story and only about 5 choices depending on your conquest, I suggest that you should only get this game if you have a lot of time on your hands.However, I will say that the characters, writing (besides some translation issues), artwork, music and cutscenes are all fantastic and works well for the game. But with very little gameplay (making choices to progress) I stuggled to actually get into what I was doing (probably explains why I got the bad ending) and I felt bitter when I finished the game.In conclusion, get this game if you want if you really want to. But if you would rather have something fulfilling I recomend Katawa Shoujo, a great game that is not only free but it is filled with wonderful characters and emotional routes (plus nudity without needing a patch which is a big bonus for some of you out there). Have Fun!Update: This article goes deeper into another reason why I dislike this game:http://blog.fuwanovel.net/2013/07/why-i-wont-be-buying-if-my-heart-had-wings/"
,Recommended,326480,26141949,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,ryN,5/7 EPIC GAME. WE NEED UNCENCORED PATCH!!!
76561198088810532,Recommended,326480,18341139,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Marcosias,"Even though i haven´t completed a single route yet, it still is one the best visual novels i have ever played. The artwork and the soundtrack are beautiful, and the story is pretty good.8/10 Points"
,Recommended,326480,33242299,Posted: 4 July,all,Arthee,"pick your waifu.........dammit, i can't..."
,Recommended,326480,28187936,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Not My President,"This game taught me about aerodynamics and planes.I'm on my way to becoming a professional pilot now, thanks to this game.10/10 would recommend for anyone who enjoys planes.Who needs flight simulators when you can just play If My Heart Had Wings?"
76561198123230274,Recommended,326480,33288260,Posted: 5 July,all,Atlas,ahhh this weeb sim is great boyz
76561197996085041,Recommended,326480,31134190,Posted: 14 April,all,Edward Elric,"Best VN I have ever played, and the most I put time into one that didn't have a combat system. I've played 3/5 Routes Kotori, Ageha, and Amane and all of them felt perfect. I seem to read a little fast but for the first route you are looking at anywhere from 12-40 hours it would seem, depending on how fast you read."
,Recommended,326480,26348900,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,gnivrihog,Over 100h and not even guilty.
,Recommended,326480,16920608,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Kibo,私は物語を好きで、それをお勧めします
,Recommended,326480,13074708,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Schwi,"*NOTE* This game has little to no gameplay. Its a VISUAL NOVEL. (Ya know. A E-BOOK.)This is a great visual novel. Good characters, funny and romantic dialogue, and it all fits in with the extremelly well made and beautiful background.Its amazing!"
,Recommended,326480,13121890,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,The Chosen One,Hot eroge.10/10 would uncensor fapatch again. (google it or read the other comments/community hub)WARNING: Patching this game with the uncut version will stop achievements from being unlocked. You will still receive trading cards but you can't unlock ahievements. If you want the steam achievements I suggest you play through the game without patching first.p.s - This game is LONG as ♥♥♥♥. So if you don't like slow slice of life stories and don't have patience. I suggest you do not buy this game.
,Recommended,326480,16416710,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,cty,"This game is so emotional, especially with the restoration patch.I guess you could call it... A Tear Jerker AWWWWWWWWWWWW YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA"
,Recommended,326480,26108711,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,S H I R O,"Alright.Real Talk.This Visual Novel is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm not dickin' around with you here.This is some grade-A, USDA, organic, good-♥♥♥♥in♥♥♥♥♥♥I mean. Not gonna lie, I'd totally♥♥♥♥♥♥down a girl in a wheelchair.(ˢʰᵉ ᶜᵃⁿ'ᵗ ʳᵘⁿ ᵃʷᵃʸ)Aside from that, like.The story is like top-tier caviar from a fish that swam in a reservoir of ambrosia.The girls that you can get with are like.So good. ˢᵒ ᵍᵒᵒᵈReally though I'd totally reccomend this VN to anyone who is new to Visual Novels, or even seasoned simulation-daters who can't get a qt3.14 gf even if they were lathered in honey and testosterone.But real talk though, for $14.99 ⁽¹⁵ ᵈᵒˡˡᵃ⁾ it's totally worth it.I don't know why the don't jack up the price.They could totally get away with it."
,Not Recommended,326480,28325244,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Undermoose,"I want to say this is a great game that is a definite buy… through out the first two thirds I was rapt with the story.But it starts to fall apart in the third act. Not because of the writing, but because of the translation. Did they change staff for the final acts? I could barely tell it was a translated game at the start, but now I am left scratching my head trying to work out what in the hell some of these boxes are supposed to say, because they certainly don't follow any basic structure of English that I am aware of."
,Not Recommended,326480,16411563,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,ssssssssssssssssssssssss,why would you take out the good parts?
,Recommended,326480,13173712,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Kaywin,"Indulged with it so much.. so far the best VN I've ever read.. or maybe I just didn't read VN that much, but anyway.. I recommend to use the restoration patch for.. you know the rest ;)"
76561198060523100,Recommended,326480,13183523,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,guillotine63,"This being my first VIsual Novel i was pretty skeptical going into it. Shorty after starting it i was.. Taken aback. It was simple, yet beautiful. A ride of emotions from start to finish. Some of the routes weren't nearly as good as others, but no matter the way you went it had a sense of meaning. The music was really entrancing, and the plot was sufficient. Over all it was a sweet little break from reality. I would give it a solid 8.5/10"
,Recommended,326480,33165026,Posted: 2 July,all,ZEROZEKE00,Great Visual Novel with great artwork
,Not Recommended,326480,24360999,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Rain,"A stupid garbage , like what you just censored a eroge game what but yea they did , if u want support the developer thats ok if you dont just dont buy this game , and best thing you can do is patch the game that is kind of hard task but if you can do it , you can get the full flavor of this game"
76561198151589158,Recommended,326480,23698671,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,*⎝Tritanium⎠*,This game proves that i'll never get a girlfriend9/109 only cose story made me cry
76561198069412239,Recommended,326480,13316864,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Destis,"a really nice game so far, i have about 2 hours on it so far and i have to say, for someone who has never played a visual novel this has really impressed me. The english version does have some typos but using common sense fixes that. overall its a 10/10 for me, really cool and funny characters with a good story to go with itPOST GAME REVIEWso about 40 hours later i finnaly beat the game on the kotiori route, it was really nice and for romance ♥♥♥♥ like me it was an 11/10.now i have the resoration patch for this game and i have to say its kinda a double edged sword, it adds content and more of a romantic enviroment but lets just say it van be kinda cringy at times... im sure you could imagine why but still, overall i have to give this game a 20/10, amazing story, and amazingly romantic would date disabled girl again"
76561198150537561,Recommended,326480,25135381,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,mizuno,kotori So cute
,Not Recommended,326480,20462330,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Based Carlton,yeah i ♥♥♥♥ed a disabled girl 190/10 i have a girlfriend now
,Recommended,326480,17103973,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Succ-Sensei™,Like the game it is good. Especially the uncensored parts lol. #Otaku
76561198208100279,Recommended,326480,33897815,Posted: 29 July,all,KIngpai28,very good
76561198258175075,Not Recommended,326480,26730126,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,sleepless,This ♥♥♥♥♥ tryna be Katawa Shoujo so bad smh
,Recommended,326480,13987924,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Compl3x,I doubt no one will see this BUT THIS GAME WAS WORTH EVER PENNY OK?!?!?!?!?!? I GIVE THIS GAME A 11/10 IF YOU DONT UNDERSTAND 11/10 READ THE RULES OF THE INTERNET BISH
76561198016004520,Not Recommended,326480,14772951,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Dream Yusuke,"Well, I did the patch and now everything is ♥♥♥♥ed up. A lot of the screens are black and there are a lot of errors everywhere. Soooooo, Im a little♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off right now because  a lot people say the have fixes for but it doesnt work and i dont know how to return it back to what it once was. So i do not recommend this game."
76561198132385813,Not Recommended,326480,17474150,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Nope,Well this game isn't anything like I thought so yeah
,Not Recommended,326480,14820389,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,WSDDestroy3r,"I won't recommand this game to my friends.First of all, I can't find Chinese even traditional Chinese in it(Nekopara and oblivous garden have Chinese),it really made me feel not good although I can't understand most of the text.Second, I don't know why the developers set f12 as""display the shortcuts"", it should be steam screenshots,everytime I want to make a screeshot, it return to the menu.Thirdly, even I collect all steam cards(now I have bought some cards to make a background), I don't think the background is how beautiful or have lovely girls, what I only saw were mountains and houses, I don't know why the backgrounds still need to pay for more than 2 even 5 dollars, I think csgo's background will even be better than its.Last but not least, I have bought the original soundtrack , why I can't listen to the OSTs in game but have to listen to them in steam music or I have to finish playing the whole game. In fact, I don't plan to finish the game.All in all, don't buy this game!不要买这个游戏，坑死你。（This is what I want to tell Chinese)"
76561198119636607,Not Recommended,326480,28323352,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,MooCow4Prezudent,"The thing lacking from this VN is a throughline of ideas. Without a clear established theme or set of themes, the heroines come off as soulless tragedy puppets at best, or fettish vehicles at worst. It's not all bad though, pulltop delivers top notch artwork and this novel is no different. If you must read this novel, go for the much cheaper mobile version. Even without voice acting it's a much more sensable price, and you can take it with you. You could do much worse though."
76561198206742267,Not Recommended,326480,17732673,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Triple_Doggo,You can play this visual novel on your phone for free!!!
,Not Recommended,326480,16657680,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Calle,"Kinda boring and slow game, didnt think what it would been."
,Not Recommended,326480,24831577,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,RealRainbowRemixer,this game is boring
76561198030910716,Not Recommended,326480,16935177,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Ian Samhain,"Note that first that this is not a game, it is simply a visual novel with no choices to be made, at least as far as I got.  I kept hoping for it to get better, but it just dragged on and the annoying duck would show up from time to time.  The only thing positive was listening to the Japanese for me.  Finally though I could take no more and removed it from my installed content."
,Not Recommended,326480,14492193,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Chungus,"I give this game a 3/10Pros:- Fantastic art- The movies are very nice- The music is nice- The voice actors are talentedCons:- The women are unrelatable and none of them are particularly appealing- The writing is pretty bad because there are lots of unnecessary and boring details. It all feels very tedious and when you accidentally miss a bit of dialogue, you end up just not caring because you are trying to make it all over as soon as possible- I am 4 hours into the game and I still feel like I know barely anything about the characters and it is all very predictable where everything is going- The basic format of this game is to tell and not show. With visual novels, I like to have the writer just assume that yes, I can see what is on the screen so no, I don't need every little thing described to me.- When we are introduced to one of the main characters at first, she is sweet, lovely and very likable. She quickly turns in to a complete pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥with a bad attitude. I know we are supposed to feel sympathy for her because yes, she is disabled but I know a lot of disabled people who don't use it as an excuse to be a total♥♥♥♥♥♥to everyone.As I said, 3/10 - I have tried with this game. I really have. It is just unplayable it is so boring."
76561198148705664,Not Recommended,326480,33599788,Posted: 16 July,all,Kurt,"if you made the same mistake as me and bought the game on steam, get the restoration patch but be aware some graphics are bugged."
,Not Recommended,326480,16927871,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Henry,I spent £15 on this and I would spend it again to remove it from my public inventory. I only bought it so I could find out who Aisaka Tagi or whatever the girl is EternalEnvy is obsessed with is called. Downboated.
,Not Recommended,326480,14307398,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,daballsak,kinda boring as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,326480,24907608,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Daikunshuu,are you feeling it now?
,Recommended,326480,13091364,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Slayn Fayt,"Originally it's initial date was May 25, 2012The game itself is still there and has multiple routes. VN lovers, I highly recommend if you haven't tried this. This game has multiple routes and choices. Similiar to Hirameki's style of choice choosing for games however the CG and story with VA provide more than enough. Good game, you'll find a good moment of appreciation to the characters and the story. The art is entertaining same with some lines. However there are tense moments. I find this game a 9/10. It really does take up your time but I've played this before it came here. So yeah give it a try. Especially if on discount, these things can cost up to 20 maybe more usually. So I do recommend find a cheaper price, take it. This game after 2 years still has it's impressions that just take me back. The only cgs missing are from the fandisc and the H-scenes. Still for the matter of audience, it had to be appropriated. Still mine has the reason of playing it before. Just now it's like Hirameki with Hourglass of Summer. Nonetheless I think there is a patch and more for those wondering."
,Not Recommended,326480,33732526,Posted: 22 July,all,lilangryjoe,"tbh I played this game for almost 5 hours and i havent make a single choose yet, i know its a long game but if your game doesnt let you do a single thing for a least a glimre of a chose, the game is SOOOO boring at the start.ill sill play it tho"
76561198160662932,Not Recommended,326480,23982928,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,wholecake,hmm...
76561198029251085,Not Recommended,326480,28996104,Posted: 3 January,all,Zebratron,heavy censorship patch doesnt work garbage
,Recommended,326480,13087265,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Prinny,"I'm so excited to read this visual novel while waiting for Eden. I liked how the story setting is pace in the beginning, creating the mood and the development of character background story. Looking forward for more visual novels in the future!And now for the 18+ restoration patch for full content to read- And awaiting for more stories to read as the time pass."
,Not Recommended,326480,32516171,Posted: 17 June,all,Commander Hentai,"A great love story of a german windmill engineer and a horny old bird.Deep in the African jungle a towl4 flies by the Russian fedaral building where a Boeing 747 was stationed.Yeah great plot so far couldn't care less.There are also memorable characters like... Bird that can't fly, Bee in a wheelchair, Autistic_kid_69 and Spookwagen.Ahhh so memorable that reminds me of that one arc chapter where Autistic_kid_69 and Santa pops where flying a Russian Tupolev Tu-114 into Mexican airspace and Big horny white guy had to come and safe the kids.There also is this easter egg where you can see a bear trying to help his uncle Jack off a horse in the corner of the map once you get 12 kills with a fidget spinner (Don't ask me how I did it.)And the ending of chapter 12 arc 2 was a real mindfudge aperantly bears and lasers having sexual interactions are canon now.I geuss that's how the story goes.. or did windmills and birds ended up having sexual relations at the end of chapter 12.. Well toasty goat can't remember.It has a lot of story, Russian mode [Hard Bass] and Quality wind physX too bad you can't see the wind partical effects.After the Russian storm update the game got totaly one sided, Now everyone is going the Russian bias route (Darn critters,) Well at least we still have the Chinese Xuanwu gate route.But that doesn't matter anymore because they've nerfed the living monkey out of the Rúhé, Even the armored piercing monkeys couldn't stop the Russian bias from interfering with the main plot which was already broken af.So yeah thanks I appreciate it... Nut wacker."
,Not Recommended,326480,13661365,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,rucado,"Disappointing visual novel, no real content, if you have never played any visual novel before, then this is not going to get you to start playing. Steam needs to bring us real visual novel titles like White Album 2, Song of Saya, Subarashiki Hibi, In Search of Lost Future and Angel Beats!. It is sad that the pitiful few current VNs in steam are represented by those titles with preditable storylines and overloaded cheesy romance...Not recommanded"
,Recommended,326480,13083845,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Borderline Sycophant,"ermergerd der fers, der ger wers ern er wer cher, ern sher cernt werk ser merch fers. wow"
76561198011069163,Not Recommended,326480,28775505,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,boris,the weak should fear the strong
76561198098647632,Not Recommended,326480,13717074,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,skips,it need to be fix i cant run it but may pc is new
,Not Recommended,326480,13707224,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,frost,Map packs are overpriced. 0/10
76561198301044112,Not Recommended,326480,33914923,Posted: 30 July,all,Deep_Shadow_John,scaned my pc for viruses said this was a trojan virus or at least acts like one it's up to you if you want to get it though
,Not Recommended,326480,13148722,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,joaoemanuel1981,"Don't have sex scenes, so if you want a eroge game this version is not for you. Buy the japanese version, if you want to see the sex scenes. Sorry for horrible english and grammar."
,Not Recommended,326480,13581968,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,392,"its chinese, it lied to me"
76561198179342283,Not Recommended,326480,26603418,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Ingre,"Who wrote this, a ten-year-old? My grandma tells better stories! Absolutely shallow! Going to supermarket for some groceries and cook something later with your friends? Wow!!! What a story!This is one of the games where it feels like someone farting in your head!PS: This game is censored, i.e. no boobs!"
,Not Recommended,326480,13175019,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Kansas,"This is not a ""GAME"" you make almost no choices in the story, it is unbelievable that STEAM put this THING for sale."
,Not Recommended,326480,13073997,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,bwjx88,0/10(100% Achievements 20/20 done)Game crashes after 5 sec gameplayADV player HD crashes when it trying to play the op(Problem solved by using K-lite but i dont like install unnecessary software in my computer. )Without this issue i will give 10/10
76561198346650633,Recommended,326480,30383468,Posted: 7 March,all,JupiterInc,"When I rank the visual novels I've played so far, none of them are ever able to completely match ""IF MY HEART HAD WINGS"". Now am I saying that this is the best and only story-rich visual novel out there, no I am not. It is simply my opinion, and at the end of the day you can choose to simply ignore this review and make the final decision yourself. But, if you choose to read the review then I will tell you why I feel it is on of the best Visual Novels I've ever bought.Pros:-Story is extremely well written and touches the emotions of the audience-Characters feel as though they are alive and really bring out the slice of life feel of the situtation (in most aspects)-Characters well-desgined and overall leave great satisfaction for player or reader  however you want to describe it-Movies, extremely well-made and captivates all eyes; colors, narration, and CGI all blend so well together-Soundtrack is fantastic! All of the music used fit into this enormous puzzle of a game and entrance the player/reader into its current scene.-Mystery further deepens itself and story continues to unravel as you conquer whoever's route you are currently on-MC is down-to-earth and all around totally likeable (except during the expressions of love, keh lucky guy)-Can't help but cry when its over, wave of accomplishment washes over and you truly feel bliss, depending on if which route you're takingCons:-Animation at times is pretty sketchy and lackluster. I understand their is a budget but just a little more effort into it would've extremely aided the overall view of it-Story at times can get boring and repetitive, although if you can stick through it's all good (^_^)-Little to no grammer mistakes (me just being nitpicky about certain things) also it is translated from Japanese to English in Britain so at times they may translate something that makes no sense to you but total sense to a brit (if I am allowed to call them that, hopefully), an example being swimmers=swimsuit, trunks.-More effort was put into Kotori's route rather than the other popular character Amane, Amane is the main knot that tied them all together and allowed the story to unfold. Other characters also deserved more.-Sadly the after stories of what happens after for each route you take is not translated into English (;_;), well that is if you don't have the Japanese version and can read it perfectly, and if you do then I hate you. Jk hehe, no but seriously screw you. Ending was rather somehwhat satisfying but did not quench the thirst for the knowledge of what happened to the relationshipsConclusion:Overall it was fun to read, story really hooked you at times, interest was a roller coaster but remained. Charcters were lovely, although, I only really liked a few (excluding Kotori). I give it a rating of 100/10! '\(^_^)/' Although I still wish we could see what happened after for all the routes translated into English, can only hope! I hope this helps!"
,Recommended,326480,30381463,Posted: 7 March,all,Riven4s,A route for everyone 9/10 would recomend if you like anime like kokoro connect.
,Recommended,326480,21352641,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,CPU-Kagaya,Nice game with beautiful CGs and really nice soundtracks and voices for the heroines
76561198060944917,Recommended,326480,18892167,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,G-Ken.Mercy,"Learned about Gliders, Rare Weather Patterns, and cried at least three times.Also there's a Duck that wears Hat.10/10 got emotionally invested."
,Recommended,326480,16482160,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,dogzera,at least my friends can see me that im still normal
76561198184279913,Recommended,326480,18947526,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,CSharp95,"Although this review will be seen by few, I feel that I need to write it anyway.If My Had Had Wings is a visual novel, a genre which I've never been a huge fan of. Not because they're not fun, but because it takes a very skilled writer to make one that's worth getting invested in. Yypically those writers stick to writing books because it's far simpler to find a book publisher than it is a team of artists and programmers all working to help make your dream come to life.This one stands out from the others, however.The amount of effort put into it to make it immersive, interesting, visually appealing and about anything else you could want is unreal. I'll take it one step at a time.Visuals - They're more important in this genre than in any other, in my opinion. Stories can be compelling and addicting on their own, but if you're going to throw in artwork, you have to do it well. Otherwise, you end up getting distracted from the story by the game's shortcomings.The visuals are amazingly done. Hell, the pictures above do better justice than my words. And those aren't edited just to look better or pickings from some concept art, the entire game looks like that, The art style is very consistant and honestly it makes the world the game presents feel even more real.Audio - I actually didn't expect this game to have full voice acting. That's a huge task, but it's done, at least in Japanese. It seriously helps add to the emotions of everything and while in some visual novels I find myself quickly skipping through text just to get through; in this game I find myself replaying some lines of dialog just to hear them again. I don't speak the language, but the acting is very good. Good enough to make me wait until they've finished speaking to click.The music is just as impressive, and I've actually been listening to the soundtrack outside of the game. Although I have no connection to this music, some of the songs seriously bring up feelings of nostalgia for me. Perhaps it's just the way they sound, or maybe I'm connecting them to something without knowing. All I know is that the music adds so much to the emotion of scenes that I can't help but get teary-eyed at times.Story - You be noticing me using the word ""emotion"" a lot in this and there's a reason. Emotion is something this game has that very few games ever have for me. You get so invested into the characters, knowing their names, their likes and dislikes, sometimes even knowing exactly how they'll react to something. I find myself verbally responding to many things they say even though there's nobody listening and reacting emotionally just as often.It's lengthy for sure, and has plenty of choices, but that only makes it better to me.This is the first game that has made me feel nostalgic towards time I spent with the characters since I got Kingdom Hearts the Christmas it came out. Most of the time when I play games I want to get 100% completion and I'm always thinking about how I could best do it or I'm just killing time, but not this one. When I play this game, I feel like I'm holding a work of art in my hands. Something that someone else has so carefully crafted to give that exact feelings, to work it's way into your heart the way some  other form of story has done at some point in your life. For me, it was Kingdom Hearts, then V for Vendetta, and now this.Even the very rare bits of perversion, something that usually turns me away from taking a game seriously, fits in shockingly well with the story. It adds a rather odd type of humor and charm that I really can't explainI will never forget the story this game has told me. Even though at the time of writing this I only have about 12 hours invested into it, I can tell you that I know I won't. I'm keeping a very close eye on MoeNovel; though I'm not sure they could craft something this significant to me again, this game has shown their interest in quality and their level of skill.As for this game, buy it. It would worth it at $60 just as it is at $18. And yes, get the soundtrack too, even if for no other reason then showing them support. This game should be held up as a shining example that video games can be art, along with others such as D:AET. I want to see games taken in a better direction with something such as this leading the way; not down the road of only visual novel games, but down the road of games aspiring to make a permanent mark on you rather than most of the♥♥♥♥♥♥you get on the Steam storefront these days."
,Recommended,326480,19401049,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Nephren,"Very epic visual novel, you must try it! (y)"
,Recommended,326480,19409247,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,HoboJones,over 70 hours playing this god damn game. help...
,Recommended,326480,19371842,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Scumspect,just found out that aoi pulls more girls than casanova without trying.10/10
,Recommended,326480,19405442,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,♠ Stale ♠,Got molested by 3 hot girls in the beach. 10/10 would get molested again
,Recommended,326480,19379324,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,NoPoachedEggs,"If your anime/manga taste leans towards the slice of life category you'll most likely really enjoy this vn. Even if it wasn't 67% off when I bought it, i would have paid full price, just as a message for future prospectors :)  great visually, amazing sound, plenty of options and multiple character stories to get into. definately worth the play. and replay. aaaand replay again haha"
,Recommended,326480,19383432,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Womby | csgoroll.com,A Beautiful game
,Recommended,326480,19380418,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Dr. Blutengott,I learned more about flying and less about anime girls in planes than I intended to. You will gain an intimate knowledge of the operation of gliders. Get an engineering lecture today!
76561198039302912,Recommended,326480,19489596,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Mikexlofty,"If my Heart Had Wings is a visual novel with deep story and lots of detail, its not all about seeing anime boobs and focuse on a good love story with many diffrent endings, personal I would of liked some more choices but I would give this game a solid 9/10.Pro's -* Great story* Lots of story endings* Very detailed* Amazing musicCon's -* Would like to see more choices* It gets very deep with detail about gliders which could push people away as its not all intresting but this is a minor point which could also be a Pro depending on the person* No sexual scenes, which for some people will love but for me I would of liked some 18+ scencs, nothing crazy of course ;POverall after finishing every story line, with about 35 hours played to do so, with about 5 hours of idel, I can say this visal novel is vell worth your money if you love good story and a detailed plot."
76561198212086127,Recommended,326480,19530606,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Steele,Ducks with top hats10/10
,Recommended,326480,19435681,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Yuzuki,"goodbye real life, goodbye 3d girls..."
,Recommended,326480,19456305,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,ZeroVee,"Loveable Character, Great OST, and Nice Story10/10 would play again"
,Recommended,326480,19437211,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,ANONYMOUS,This Story So Very Nice..
76561198199876969,Recommended,326480,19453032,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,BraedonWagner,this game makes me sad because i know none of this can be a realitybut still a great visual novel if not the best
,Recommended,326480,19538103,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,「　　　　」{Yoru♫♥},This game had the very good story and pic.Had the very good thing about friend.It may be help you live (about friend)
76561197988591816,Recommended,326480,13520494,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Coyote,"Seems like a nice game. Did try to use the patch on the fuwanovel page but after all i could do i got so much error messages that almost all things could have been seen where gone, even if they where only just common funny stuff. Will reinstall the game and play it with out any patches, at least then i can enjoy the game in some ways. Makes me so sad to see that the cencor ship is so hard in here that if you would like to enjoy visual novel games in their ""fullness"", you would better of learn Japanese."
76561198040928026,Recommended,326480,13800841,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,TheDimenator,I first played this game as an ios app got hooked to the story really quick but i wasn't abble to enjoy because it you could only progress a bit per day and it was getting real old so I tossed it aside. But I then discovered that it was on steam wich in my opinion was even better with full voice acting for other characters better resolution and animation. So I couldn't just pass up on the opportunity.
,Recommended,326480,13807481,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,fffreak9999,"This game is a true masterpiece of story telling.I haven't played far into the game yet, however it is captivating. The characters seem well thought out,The artwork is amazing, one of the best artwork of any game I have played recently.Although the story has only just started for me, I am determined to see it through to the end, and hopefully you will decide to get game to share in what is truly an experience well worth having."
76561198060298228,Recommended,326480,17656648,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,TheHendricksoExp,"I'll be perfectly honest, I hate Steam's reviewing system. I can't just say ""Yay"" or ""Nay"" to a product. In many ways, I love this visual novel. The characters to me are charming and very well done, and although I haven't made it through all the way through the game(which I will get to later), I enjoy the plot so far. To the negative points, the visual novel is censored to kingdom come. Now, believe me when I say I'm not just some 12 year old boy looking to get his rocks off, I just prefer to experience something as it was originally made. So, before I even began going through the visual novel, I downloaded the Restoration Patch and Sweet Love UI. Come to find out, it was buggy and I was still missing out on a really crucial part of the game which is seeing the characters in the foreground. All I saw was a background of the setting and a text box, and me not knowing any better went with it like it was a normal book and just played the scenes out in my head. About ~10 hours through, I knew something was up because I had to choose who's outfit looked best, and I couldn't even see the outfits. You can imagine my frustration with having to scour Google and forum websites, and even message a fellow reviewer of this visual novel to hopefully find a fix.tl;dr: Don't get the game unless you're a sap for love stories like me and don't mind censoring/ willing to go through literal hell to undo the censoring.EDIT: After running through the game on Kotori's story, I do say that this game wasn't bad afterall. The censoring and poor translation may've put a bad taste in my mouth, but the fact that I teared up to something in Kotori's story really means something. I'll revise my recommendation to a 'yes'."
76561198023964529,Recommended,326480,16784728,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Matsurika,There's a duck with a top hat 10/10Edit: This is a long Visual Novel. It is 30+ hours and you need more time for completing all routes. The art and story is very good.
76561198009303583,Recommended,326480,17807116,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,No0ne,Longer than i thought it would be so worth it
76561198008281125,Recommended,326480,17815347,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,SPiTFirE,"Out of the anime visual novels i've played, this is by far the best. There's just so much story, my playtime exceeded 40 hours because the story changes significantly with different choices. So it's not like you'll be done in 4 hours, you get your money's worth. The premice is pretty unique, it's about a Glider club and the life of those characters, particularly Kotori who is essentially the 'main' non-player character. Art and sound quality are both very good in my opinion, there's even some animated cutscenes, but it's largely all still art shots which of course you can collect.The downside is this is the steam version and is missing out significant content because it is 18+ but you are able to patch it in. I also had a few problems with some picture panels freezing for a long time and they end up obscuring the game, that was a bit annoying. Other than that though, very enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,326480,17787689,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Danku Meme-chan,"This VN sucks♥♥♥♥♥ It's literal garbage. There are way too many things wrong with it. First off there are about 4 songs that play constantly throughout the entire novel. They get redundent and annoying. There are COUNTLESS condinuity errors ranging from the setting being summer vacation, but having the students still go to school and attend classes to a character carrying an umbrella, but still manages to get wet from rain. Mistranslations aside, there are MANY careless grammatical errors. These include using ""your"" instead of you're"", or saying ""a umbrella"" opposed to ""an umbrella"", and there are times when a letter JUST FLAT OUT HASN'T BEEN TYPED, example being ""ever"" instead of ""never"". At one point, the word ""this"" was typed instead of the word ""us"". These are only a small sample compared to the grammatical mess this novel is written in, proving that this novel without a doubt has NOT been proofread. The story can be summed up in one word: TEDIOUS!!! Over 30 hours of long, drawn out conversations that hold no value whatsoever. There are some scenes that are pretty intriguing, but only last 2 minutes and are 3 hours apart. Leaving you impatiently spam clicking through a garbage truck to reach the next scene that's worth a damn. The choices hold abysmal impact and are exceptionally infrequent for a VN. What I can say is that the artwork, for both the characters and environments, is phenomenal. But to me, it's a waste of talent since the story is so poor. The notorious Moenovel has been accused of butchering scenes to make it kid friendly, I wonder what other company is exactly the same *Cough*4KIDS*Cough*. But there are times when a scene becomes completely incoherent due to censorship. At one point the narration claims Aoi to be ""Lost in her eyes"", but the scene is a close up of her chest, she proceeds to be offended. This burdens much confusion and awkwardness to the reader, which is not good at all. The ending, I must say, Is done quite well, in relativity to the rest of the novel, which trust me, isn't much of a compliment. But it's NOT AT ALL worth the 30 treacherous hours to reach it. That's only for one arc! To 100% the VN, you need to beat it 5 TIMES! I can't even imagine the most masochistic, self-hating, imbecile attempting such an idiotic feat, considering only one with the masochism level such as I would even dare to attempt to complete the VN ONCE! Mining & Tunneling Sim was a better use of my time and money. I have much more to say about this, but this is beginning to drag out, so I'll end it with a final elaboration of the novel's contents:TL;DR"
76561198202058339,Recommended,326480,17842557,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,coreybergmann,"Great Storyline that can keep your attention, with many different branches leading to different endings. The artwork is great, and the score is well put together, i would Deffinetly recommend this game."
,Recommended,326480,17535931,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,The Fox Spirit,well its a good Visula Novel with a nice Story and with the Uncut Patch ;)
,Recommended,326480,18141179,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,anatnic,"though there are many mistakes on the translation,overall,still worth to play.(couldn't imagine the unlocked H-scene because this is good already)"
,Recommended,326480,18154992,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,天才 10sigh,"Don't care if friends see this review.If My Heart Had Wings was the second visual novel I ever read, and it's the only one I've re-read multiple times. The visuals, the music, the characters and the story always have me coming back for more. The story, spoiler free, is that of Aoi (lol girl's name) returning to his hometown to find that many things have changed. He takes on a job as the caretaker of an all female dorm and [skipping a bit] gets sexy with lots of waifu material.I can't say it's my favorite romance story of all time, as the story in each of the 5 routes tends to focus a lot on the state of the glider and everyone's shared dream of reconstructing and flying above a rare natural phenomenon. There's just enough romance to call it a romance game, and yet the relationships seem more real for the fact that it's a by-product of coming together with a shared goal in mind. It doesn't deal with any social issues, nor does it strive to leave some deep message ingrained in your subconscious that is intended to change your life somehow. It's just pure, fun storytelling.I'm aware of some issues using the (highly recommended) restoration patch on Win8, but it's been solved on Win10.PROS-LONG, can spend upwards of 15 hours per route if you listen to all the audio-Visuals are (mostly) top notch-Soundtrack (buy it)-It's a feel-good novel. Minimal tragedy, happy endings-Duck with tophat-Tsunderes-Sexy times, if you download the patch.-FREQUENTLY ON SALE, Sometimes up to 60% off-Did I mention the loli twins? (yes, it totally happens)CONS-Some minor disply issues with non-background images and motion, relics left (got cockblocked by Hat on my first playthrough, was on screen for 2 different... ""encounters"")-Not much focus on romance, more about Soaring Club narrative-Bunch of censored, unintelligble Engrish bull spit in the vanilla-You can't buy it twiceIn conclusion. the visuals and soundtrack are 10/10, the story is 9/10. This game has me coming back for more every few months, and I wouldn't want it any other way.  Download this if you call yourself a VN fan: you'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll have a lot of spare tissues in the trash can, you'll get a warm fuzzy feeling. If only my heart had wings..."
76561198011303167,Recommended,326480,18234223,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,8-Bit Misfit,Mint
76561198048781748,Recommended,326480,16726777,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Sergeant Wolfi,Just finished my first playthrough (after 26 hours [pretty long for my opinion] ) and all I can say is WOW money more then just well spent.
,Recommended,326480,16641639,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,gunwolf12,this game is a long great visual novel... i love it : ) the story is aweosme the characters are loveable and its very emersive... there are a few odd translations and the resoration pack is extreamly hard to get to work lol... but all in all ill give ths game a 10/10 honestsly there is much i would change in this game... definantly worth picking up if your into visual novels and or like anime with a good story... p.s if my hours played are a bit low its beacause i watched someone go through the game for about 12 hours before i decided to buy it for my self so i skimmed through most of the beginingside comments10 hours in and just saw the main opening cut scene XD 10/10if you play this game youll probably lean how to cook and how to build and pilot your own ♥♥♥♥ing glider because of how much damn time this game spends on it XD lol its still great though 11/10leader and soul member of the souring club(untill you show up and start pimping out XD jk) builds a glider and cant even pilot the damn thing lol 10/10 XD
,Recommended,326480,16668137,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Paladin Peter Dinklage,"So this game.Let's break it down by first stating that it is only complete if you download the restoration patch; if you don't, you're missing out on some hot hentai action.First off, I've only acheived one girl, that girl being your childhood friend Ageha. The translation, even through the vastly superior Fuwanovel patch is terrible at times, often using the wrong word or just using awful grammar.Genrally, this game has flaws like any translated-from-Japanese game. It makes up for it by giving you a heart-wrenching and immersive story with some saucy sexual contact.I give it a 9.4/10, for having bad grammar, cliched story elements, and quaint lack of tentacles."
,Recommended,326480,16668536,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,CreatorBurden,"Stunning soundtrack, well-done voiceacting, and a beautiful story. Prepare some tissues and give this game a try."
76561198068662960,Recommended,326480,16676352,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,ixSoulz,.
,Recommended,326480,16713249,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Twurkkk,9/10Would be 10/10 if this game had a route for Hat
,Recommended,326480,16581478,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,LUL,good game play for plot
,Recommended,326480,16810650,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,NoFace01,Get this one cuz it so AWESOME!!!Story 10/10Soundtrack 10/10Plot 9.5/10Story line 10/10
,Recommended,326480,16114843,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Callsign Megumin,Great game for your buck.Pros:-Good story line-Choice of girl for ending-Actual draws reader into story line (doesn't drag)Cons:-Too short in my opinion-+18 was taken out (Patch can be found online)-Needed more options that effected story routeOverall Rating: 8/10 would play again
,Recommended,326480,16118763,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,GunSlinger,"i reccomend this game to anyone that likes a visual novel with a really good story, i mean a really good story"
,Recommended,326480,18798088,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Rf_,my girlfriend just forced me to buy this gameshe's a keeper.
,Recommended,326480,22615310,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Shadowrush,"I've recently started this game and I'm instantly hooked! I'm probably a rare breed, for finding visual novels which doesn't emphasize primarily on sex is what I look for in VNs. Steam has many VNs, but a lot of them focus on sex and vulgarity. This VN on the other hand emphasises more on the story, character development, and romance in a good way. I know this sounds pretty weird, but I've always wanted something similar to 'Angel Beats', the anime, and this is probably pretty close to it. Like I said before, I just started so maybe this review will change, but as of right now it is very calming and pleasant. I've heard there is a patch where they uncensor parts of the story to make it more sexually perverted, so just promise me to play your first walkthrough without it. Enjoy the story and characters first."
,Recommended,326480,19087540,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,FarahTDU,Beautiful visual novel with an okay story and lovable characters. Parts involving in-depth explanations of glider mechanics were a major drag though. Not the best visual novel but there is a ton of content and I enjoyed the game.Amane is Best Girl
,Recommended,326480,22583839,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,FluffyTheZombie,"My friend just called the glider ""An Eco-Friendly 9/11 Waiting To Happen"" 11/10 would play again"
76561198271416258,Recommended,326480,22579938,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Lord Salt,"So far the game has been pretty good interesting character's, good plot, alot of content and there is alot of emotion. Only thing i can say that's bad about it is that the game tends to drag on and gets boring about certain parts but other then that it's an awesome game would rate it 10/10."
76561198053054651,Recommended,326480,22557832,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Athena,"I really wasnt sure about reading Visual Novels, not to mention I dont even like to read all that much. However, It sounded good and when I got into it I just couldnt stop reading it. Its worth getting."
76561198280153988,Recommended,326480,21066687,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,ZeroThePhilosopher,"This was the first visual novel I played, and I found it to be very enjoying. Art, music, characters, voice acting - all of these were very well done.The difference in stories depending on the route you choose also made this enjoying to read, as the re-reading portions didn't seem tedious because of it."
76561198065903067,Recommended,326480,20934121,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Chocolat♥,Good story and ending (y)
,Recommended,326480,21061281,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Asphelion,"Now I know how the glider works, and how to pick up chicks. 10/10."
76561198007796870,Recommended,326480,14269321,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,MEF RAWLINS,"I haven't even finished the game yet, and I'm already over eight hours in (should be over 16, wasn't logged in). Very detailed story progression and plenty of variety in character. Great music to listen to, and all the characters have voices for all the text. If you've played games like Katawa Shoujo and Little Sister, you'll eat this up!EDIT: This edit was made on 2/11/2016. While the game is a good one, and well developed, I was picking my brain out through my nose with ten hot irons by the time I was done with this game. The first playthrough is a huge drag once you get about fifty percent through the game. I've literally dumped over 35 hours into this VN, and I'm ripping my hair out. Instead of a visual novel, they should have named it Glider Simulator 9000. Left and right you eat, drink and sleep gliders. Its all about reaching Morning Glory. Its to the point where I don't even care to play through the game again to get the alternate stories. I went into the game with the mindset that it was going to be a huge romance, when in all actuality, it was a well developed story. Once I clear my head of the romance side of things, I'll pick this game up again with a more broad understanding. A visual novel doesn't have to be about romance, but man, I was expecting it alot in this game. Might as well have had a storyline to ♥♥♥♥ the glider."
76561198093269743,Recommended,326480,20945947,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Jeff The Killer,"Well, to be honest, this is something else than just a VN, you might learn something from it, maybe you want to try it with the restoration patch but i highly recommend it with out it because, the patch just adds some scenes and some jokes but that's it, if you are a person that enjoys story more than some scenes then you should play this, you should play all the routes, I guarantee you will enjoy this and you will love those stories, at the end, when you finished all the routes, you will find something very very beautiful. That's all."
76561198207211171,Recommended,326480,21198477,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,IronicAppleGames,"Steam: ""Hey Toby.""Toby: ""Sup Steam?""Steam: ""Do you love love?""Toby: ""Not really, wh-Steam + Friends: ""JUST BUY THE GAME WOULD YA?""*Buys game**Slowly loses contact with outside world*ACTUAL REVIEW STARTS HERE (SPOILERS!):If My Heart Had Wings is one of the best visual novels I've ever seen. Lovable characters, amazing music, questionable friendships. . .ANYWAY, on to the pros and cons.PROS:- I got it for four dollars! (yay!)- Over thirty hours of gameplay for just one route, much more if you play all the routes.- Very varied conversations based on what choices you select.- SICK intro/outro song. Legit tho, bought the soundtrack just for it.- Awesome music, composed sooooo well for the situations.- Super feelsy, makes me want to cry after each route.- Skip button! (For when you finish a route and don't want to repeat the dialougue).CONS (It had to come...):- Poor english in some situations. (Especially Ageha route)- Japanese speech only goes along with auto read, so I'd recommend turning it off. (Config, Sound, Voice 0%, makes playthrough a lot more enjoyable)- First little chapter gets SUPER repetetive after the first playthrough! (Thank god for the skip button. . .)- Does anybody actually USE the shortcuts???- Finally, all stories end, then go to a little scene after the events of the story happen (For example in the Ageha route, you're in school talking about [SPOILERS. . . AGAIN] how you two began dating). For whatever reason, the makers just completely leave these scenes off with a super unsatisfying end! I spent 26 hours on my first playthrough to get the Ageha route, and I'm rewarded with a cutscene of her little sister whining about how I don't love her instead. Great one game.OVERALL RATINGS:Graphics (characters): 9.8/10 (Fairly sure I found a bug with Ageha's sprite. . .)Story (Only played Yoru, Asa, and Ageha so far): 9/10Replayablility (Is there a word for that?): 9.4/10 (First chapter is frickin ANNOYING)OVERALL RATING: 9.4/10Should you buy this game? Most defninitely!WHY IS HOTARU ROUTE NOT A THING??????????????"
,Recommended,326480,19770355,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,fawnieMOON,Very Good Visual Novel. But Some Spelling Are Pretty Bad But Still Nevertheless A Really Good Game10/10
,Recommended,326480,19869959,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,ckaey91,"I have done Kotori route. I gotta say, I LOVE HER! I love how she present her self, her character devalopment is great.MC is great also.I don't know how to put this. But what I know is , This Visual Novel Is great and i give this 8.5/10.I enjoyed it, I like the graphics, The sound , The presentation. All character are likeable ."
76561198041277174,Recommended,326480,19854740,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Seals,"I told my mom i wouldn't waste my money for payed women, guess where it went..."
,Recommended,326480,19868305,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Animize,"Well, I bought it for my gaming youtube channel, as I thought that a playtrough seemed nice. In the end I dropped the idea as after 1 hour of ""Gameplay"" there still were no choices to be made. But it's OK the story seems nice, the censoring is kind of well... Just don't like the thought somebody is choosing for a grown up man what to do... However it doesn't exactly matter to me, won't fap to 2D Girls anyways... Now it's still nice Review Material - and if you actually read the story while clicking it trough - it's nice and kind of light hearted. I like it and especially for the sale price it's a good buy."
76561198198542275,Recommended,326480,19865487,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Kiriyalow,Not a bad game
,Recommended,326480,19866767,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,AweVFX,"I highly enjoy the visuals, music, and stories. There is so many positive vibe/atmosphere in this game that makes me feel like I'm in the actual game."
,Recommended,326480,19861776,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,hotdog,Beautiful.
,Recommended,326480,19567428,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Blue Ram,"""If I can fly to the sky, I think I can have my future back.""If My Heart Had Wings is a visual novel, more than a gal-game in a lot of senses.You are a guy who, depends on whichever route you choose, will help the girl in the route to accomplish her wish.The main route, Kotori route is the main focus of the series, and you'll be able to help her to fly with her own and regain her confidence.EDIT:after spending a hefty amount of time and finished reading every route, Asa and Yoru's routes are the best. Don't stop until you get there ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The game spends a hefty of time on making and maintaining glider, and the rest on daily-life, or nichijou.Might get boring if you find the extra information is heavy and simply want a gal-game.Character development is the biggest point of playing the game, it is fantastic.While the game is  not as emotional and tearjerking as other titles, every ending is touching and heartwarming on their own.The visual quality of IMHHW is top notch among all the VNs, check my screenshots or others' about it. The one that is better that I have read is Kara no Shoujo Second Episode.The soundtracks are mindbendingly great, even better than the Key ones, it's just that there ain't any powerful tearjerking scene to showcase the-more-you-cry-the-better-the soundtrack-is quality.All and all, buy it, patch it and enjoy it, or speed-read it if it suits you. IMHHW is a fantastic buy even at full retail price."
,Recommended,326480,15501627,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,mountainofoddities,"You don't need the porn in order to enjoy this beautiful story. Amazing visuals, music and voices, and the story is put together perfectly. It's not the best VN around, but for it's price, it's definitely worth it."
76561198069796116,Recommended,326480,15818563,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,♥Euphoria♥,"absoultly amazingthis game easily have over 30 hours of gameplay valueby dating diffrent girls, diffrent conflicts happen that leads to the ending, you understand and learn the personal story of each girl. PLUS theres a restoration patch online for FREE, and brings back all the hentai this game has to offer.see my achiment isnt complete?becasue once the restoration patch is installed, the acheivment system doesnt work any more.(the restoration patch is really EASY to install, follow every step of the guide online and you will surcess)"
76561198191906091,Recommended,326480,15819785,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Leviathan-Envy,"I recommend this game. I will make it simple and list he pros and consPros:Character development for the heroines is goodIt doesn't require any work except to sit and readYou can put the reading part on auto pilotThe accomplishments are low in number and easy to attainThere is an option to skip content that you haven't even read yetCons:There is no actionYou barely have contorl over this gameMost of it is just readingThe adult content from the original version was taken outAs stated above this is not the original version, as the original version had the 18+ content. Steam does have a guide to downloading the original version, for free, but it is up to you if you want to get it or not"
76561198069973541,Recommended,326480,15919010,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Yumiya,This was really one of the best visual novel experiences i ever had. the only downside is that the choices are really straightforward (you pick a name of the character's route). but anyways 11/10ps.Restoration patch ;)
76561198009357266,Not Recommended,326480,15619623,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,YaMissed2,"ok well where do i begin, the game freezes and crashes frequently,  or at the least takes a long time (sometimes  up to 5 min.) to load from scene to scene on occasion.  some of the  movies do  not play at all. that said the story seems good and that despite the glaring freezing and crashing it seems like a ok game. if you can put up with a game crashing alot, and are  in the mood for a good story, or like visual novels then this may be a  good choice for you, if you dont stay well away from this one as the glitches will annoy and confound"
76561198003768325,Recommended,326480,15613852,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,HealixZero,"If My Heart Had Wings (commonly refered to as ""kono sora"" in japanese, i think) Is really deep. It has a diverse array of characters that makes replays feel less like ""alternate endings"" and more like ""alternate universes"" kind of like fate/stay night (IMHO). I really liked how heroines that you dont choose dont just fade into obscurity, or (worse) suddenly dissapear, leaving readers to go ""what was that person for anyway?"" on any single playthru. It makes it feel like the game is less about ""the life and choices of protagonist X"" and more about ""the Soaring Club"". That said, I dont mean that the routes are as drastically different as they are in Fate/Stay Night; they are _distinct_ but not as jarringly different as routes in F/SN are.There are less ""choices"" (i.e. branch points) than i expected, which was actually kind of nice, it made me feel like i could more sit back and read the story and get immersed in it rather than constantly have to figure out which choice raised the flags for the heroine i was aiming for. Some people will undoubtedly find that this makes the game more linear and feel like they have less control over the protagonist, more of a story, less of a dating sim.That said: I played the ""limited edition"" version on tablet first, found the ""collect wings"" thing to be BS since it took so long,  breaking the story into chunks that were too short for the amount of time you had to wait in between each chunk to even get a feel for the story (i played for 10 min, and then ran out of wings, then spend 3 weeks mining for wings, once a day, every day and then played one long chunck, which got me... maybe 25% into a single play thru? maybe.Soon the steam version went on sale and i said ""screw this imma play it on PC, even though i was also thinking ""this is exactlty the kind of game i want to play on the bus or during lunch, on my tablet T_T ). The steam version... its... its good, but every so often, you hit a section where you just KNOW something is wrong. The context suggests one thing and the dialogue says something... different... I _GET_ that its because the edited the lines to make it an all-ages version and that what was edited was deemed ""too suggestive"" or ""innapropriate for younger audiences"" but for me, i found it incredibly jarring and immersion-breaking. I dont know if its possible to edit things to the point where its not jarring, but well... when a character is obviously talking about breasts (from context) but the dialog is suddenly about ""big eyes""... its well.. it feels like driving down a straight road and having someone suddenly pull the e-brake for a sec, and then look at you like ""what? why are you looking at me all wierd for?"" this was exacerbated by the fact that i know enough japanese to KNOW that the character says ""breasts"" not ""eyes""....I tried to apply the ""restoration patch"" to the game, and... somehow i ended up with no vioce acting? Not sure. Im trying to fix it now, but not even a ""clean reinstall"" seems to work. theres probably some file left over that im not finding to delete and its causing errors. Some places have said the restoration patch does not fix the dialog, and only adds the sex-scenes back in, and it might wreck the CG and the scene replays, but... i want my voice acting first, so i havent gotten to the point where i check that stuff yet.Still: 8/10. would buy again.would be really nice if i could play it on table tho.... Need more japanese visual novels on mobile plz."
,Recommended,326480,15642573,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Nephilim,"I was going to write a long winded post about how I feel about this game... but instead I'll just write this.Buy it.Restore it.Fight with it.Become annoyed.Be grateful that even though getting this game to work is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ it is worth it. It is so worth it.11/10, will be depressed for a week while I find something that can handle folowing this game."
76561197968609365,Recommended,326480,15690340,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,[ii!] Pyro Ranger,"It's like watching an Anime only with a lot more reading XDI had fun with this game. It has an amazing Soundtrack, a touching story and insteresting, funny characters.If you like Anime and/or Visual Novels i think this game is for you.I had a great time with it and will start my second playthrough right after the first one."
76561198027502478,Recommended,326480,15722634,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Nine Of Swords,This was was of the best and emotional stories I have read in a long time. It has been a long time since something has kept my emotions in a blur for as long as this game has. I cannot reccomend this visual novel enough. It was truely an amazing a heart-filled experience to go through each and every love story. I thank Moenovel for making this truly captivating experience.
,Recommended,326480,15862917,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,NFF Chiekf,amazing game 100%
,Recommended,326480,15884578,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Filipe_Jedi,I'm learning more about aerodynamics than in my enginnering college.
,Recommended,326480,15896176,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Larvi,10/10 for this gamegreat art+pictureheart touching soundtrackgreat storybut.... missing something XD
76561198058586205,Recommended,326480,14369935,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Skidbladnir ❤'s Butters,"100/100Best visual novel in my perspective. I bought it knowing that it has romance in it since I sincerely love romance a lot. Once I've settled on the game, it was amazingly good because I didn't expect it to have so many kissing scenes- Which are my favourite, of course. Not only it has kiss scenes but what do you know; it's harem as well!Well created game and plots. One of the best things I love in this game, is the art. The art met over my expectations! Plot, it was well planned out. Harem routes were plotted out greatly. Romance sequels were best. You wouldn't expect what comes out next in the scene.No ignorance were given to this game because, well, I couldn't even feint an ignorance to it. All I could ever say is to thank the creators for deploying such a wonderful game in the Steam store!I'm a huge fan of romance and this game absolutely, didn't let me down."
76561198082952934,Recommended,326480,15325802,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,[chrysanthemum],"if you are an otaku and looking for a good visual novel, i think this is it. If not, you should try this :)"
76561198031107152,Recommended,326480,14121368,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,mccoy0123,Very Good best I've read.
76561198017059841,Recommended,326480,14050312,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,[KS] Paul (meep) #FamousNetworks,"I love this game. It makes you cry, giggle and you end up unable to put it down. I would recommend it as no matter how many times you play it, no matter how many routes you do, you still feel the same emotions you had when you first got it."
76561198170234179,Recommended,326480,14050509,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,dylan.jeffery,i love the game but it was  kinda sudden to kick me out cuz i didnt do something right and i was also binge play for 32 hours tar to ge to that point so i was veryh un happy
,Recommended,326480,13979119,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Asrei Murasame,"Best Visual Novel I have played as of yet period. Just one play through can consist of over 15 hours of gameplay to complete assuming there are no skips involved. Each of the characters personalities was planned well, they compliment the story design fairly well. The soundtrack is beautiful hopefully, they will release the full soundtrack as DLC.The only small fault I have noticed is the mistranslations.The conversation decisions you make impact who you spend time together with, and how the game ends.You are Aoi Minaze a young man who is returning to his hometown and is thrust into the position of dorm mother of an all female boarding student manor while preparing to attend a new school. A chance encounter forever changes him and his friends forever. That's about all I can say without spoiling anything for those who intend to play.All of this synergizes into a very emotional, fufilling experience that any novel, anime or manga reader can easily enjoy."
,Recommended,326480,14096409,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Milf Hunter,Nice Story :D
,Recommended,326480,13385391,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Wvrldsmoji,"Oh man, where to start.Well, just like everyone else on here, I recommend you get the restoration patch. It just enhances the game. Even if you aren't in it for the lewd, it enhances the storyline as well.Now, as for the story. It's good. Like, really really good. So good, in fact, I can't even open the game anymore because the main menu theme brings me to tears. I only managed to finish one route, that being Ageha's, and I just can't bring myself to play the game anymore. I have a really bad habit of getting depressed after an anime or a VN I am watching is over. This one was much more servere, even with the other routes, it just felt like I had accomplished everything I had wanted with Ageha. I'm so attached I can't bring myself to play the other routes because I feel like that would be cheating on Ageha. The more I write this, the more stupid this sounds, but whatever, it's how I feel.As for the adult stuff, pretty interesting. I could see how someone could get into it, but I think the terminology and the words displayed on screen for moaning like ""puchu, rero, uuukaaaaaa, and rururururu"" is just too damn funny to be taken seriously.EDIT: I finally got around to playing the rest of the routes, and I have to say this game is more fleshed out in each route then I had anticipated. I expected each new route to be something similar to the original route I took, just with a different character. I was wrong, though, because each different route has a new ending, complete with new scenes and different views from each of the characters. This is the first visual novel I had completed, but I had only ever played Katawa Shoujo, and I could never get into that game. I think for each different route, there was a couple hours of new content, including the adult scenes. The different routes definitely enhanced the overall experience of the game for me.I would still give this game a 9/10, and only because it spent a lot of time teaching me about gliders as if I was a 5 year old who literally had no idea what physics were. It's necessary, I understand that, but still it was weirdly offputting."
76561198072941937,Recommended,326480,21336459,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Csfault,"Nice background music. Nice pictures. Though I played this for a short amount of time, my heart felt at peace with the music and story. Definitely one that'd keep you thinking ""Ah......that's nice"""
,Recommended,326480,21332542,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Hayama | 葉山夢叶,good story..good graphics..moe moe girl..good VN game..
,Recommended,326480,21270792,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Startouf,"A very heart warming story that moved me several times. Also it's really worth going through all the routes, some of them will reveal completely different parts of the story.There are only maybe 2-3 decision points which decide the route you will take, make sure you save before those so you can easily skip the parts you already remember (otherwise you have to ""fast-forward"" and it can be a bit boring).Also you maybe have heard of the restoration patch... I cannot really comment on that one since I haven't installed it. Maybe I'll try it after completing everything but I don't feel like it is a must have."
,Recommended,326480,16849712,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,vinleous,where is my god
,Recommended,326480,21199614,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,The Fool,"Good Story, maybe need more choices section.. hahahaa..Good Job"
,Recommended,326480,23627109,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Erubian,"- Go buy it- Play 100% with skipping all text to get the achievement only- Play it again with restoration patch!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Why?Because this steam version have bad translation, and also heavy censorship. Patching the game will result in Steam not recognizing the game anymore so no achievements. So play the MoeNovel version to get the achievement, then play it again with restoration patch.However, this game really have good story, so I really recommended you to play it.9/10Ageha Best Grill"
,Recommended,326480,23623966,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,In the Name of Meme,Buy and playin' 2 days ago.. so far so good.. nice story line and graphics.. obviously recommended.
,Recommended,326480,23667988,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,ŧαήġŏ421,i have no idea what im doing with my life :(
,Recommended,326480,30802330,Posted: 28 March,all,NameEntry,"Beautiful game, enjoyable characters and music.I dind't like how drawn out some of the flight sections were but the rest of the game really overshadowed dull portions.Would buy again if they released an uncensored version.8.5/10I think I'm going to replay this because I want to read a good story again."
,Not Recommended,326480,23717603,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,King of Explodokills,"so far, I havent been able to find any choices for which girl to go for, which doesn't really make this a dating sim in my opinion. It just seems like a really nice story."
,Recommended,326480,23746280,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Acermanta,Absolutely brilliant visual novel.
,Recommended,326480,23848711,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Lithium Bomb,This game is beautiful... Words cannot express the emotions I feel when I play this game.
,Recommended,326480,23815973,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Darck~,"Thought I'd be carting around a chick in a wheelchair for 10 hours, instead I carted her around in a plane and then broke 60 mph on my rad bike.10/10 would crash this plane again."
76561198296832012,Recommended,326480,30808527,Posted: 29 March,all,come on me,"This was my second visual novel and I'll have to say that this will probably be my favorite for a long time. First the art and the design of the charcters were amazing. The story pulled me in so hard this was basically the only thing i was playing for the past three days. Though i haven't done sny of the other paths, the one with Kotori brought me to tears (I'm usually not one to cry). I fell in love with the characters to the point where i felt the same emotion they had I know that all sounds corny but thats what made me fall in love with the game. Each character had their flaws which made them even more relatable, even ""the bad guy"" had understandable reasons for what he was doing. The one thing I didn't like was the fact that I wished the game could continue, I wish to learn what happened to Aoi and Kotori (my path). I just hope you have found this review helpful and I definitely hope you give it a chance. I will play through it again to play the other paths. 10/10"
76561198026977885,Recommended,326480,23795006,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Solmortuus,"Only 15% of the way through so far.Enjoyable, sweet and interesting, but quite a few spelling errors already."
76561198259175244,Recommended,326480,30792570,Posted: 28 March,all,Vikki041994,uncensored patch ?
76561198007850719,Recommended,326480,23009604,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,jim866,"The main story is an endearing one with characters that are well presented and more than the standard 2d generic stereotypes. The sound and graphics are of good quality and it can produce a genuine emotional response even in an old cynic like myself. There are a reasonable number of choices in the story all with differing but fairly compatible/understandable endings.However, there are a number of issues with the translation (gender is the most noticeable) with some of the secondary paths seemingly translated using an early version of google translate;  Also two of the paths seem more fanservice rather than contributing to the overall product.For those looking for H scenes, there are none as the version is localised to the market it is in- which is good considering the story.A good, if a little over hyped, vn"
,Recommended,326480,23115132,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Tecchi,"One of the best VN i have played so farFor the amount of story you get it's SO worth buying the game full priced.That doesn't mean that other shorter VN in this price range are bad though.And for people complaining about the censorship - download the restoration patch, it's free."
,Recommended,326480,22531841,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,CuteC,Great Story Overall with very nice soundtracks
76561198194721427,Recommended,326480,23024468,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,MrWilliamS,"Best game I have in my library I recommend this if you like visual novels but there is a patch that awaits more ""PLOT"" lol"
76561198108637562,Recommended,326480,14236713,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Colorless King,"i just need to say it now. i only recently started to play these types of games this game only being the second visul novel ive played right after everlasting summer because it was free. now i say that i love them and this game pushed me over the top with the story and graphics(btw i recommend getting the eroge patch for this game. it adds a bit of *cough* *cough* exitement) totaly spelled that wrong.well anyways i quite enjoyed the voices and they seem to match the charectors personality quite well amane being my favorite out of everyone but i diggress, this game is exolent for people who just started playing these games but i must say taht this game is very long so dont play it if you dont ahve that kind of patience."
76561198136070202,Recommended,326480,14203450,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,daniel.waterbury1,"such a beautiful story. After you beat the game once, your allowed to do the ""true"" route, which is all of Amane's routes and story is unlocked. And what a heart felt experience it is. This visual novel is worth every penny. There are many grammer errors, though it's easy to figure out what they ment...  most of the time."
76561198074201961,Recommended,326480,14146287,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,OTB-Blaze Master,"Overall a fun story, kinda sad that you have to complete a certain route before you can even atempt any of the other routes but other than that I would say the story is sweet and jesus crist does it get cheesie sometimes but in the long run it is a good visual novel and I still am having fun playing throughit"
76561198098174733,Recommended,326480,14770478,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Sonic Samir Abboud ولله الحمد ال,I told my friends I brought this game!!!... I don't have friends anymore... 12/10 best game of the year
,Recommended,326480,14772264,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,MojoLina 🌼,Should have the choice of including H-scenes in the game. Also need a little translation corrections here and there. But the plot is hearth warming and very enjoyable.
76561197999214769,Recommended,326480,14727766,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,_# 'Infînîtý ♫ `,Nice visual novel story :)
76561198009298886,Recommended,326480,14793891,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Kamei I Hello! Project,"Probably the best VN game I have played , very entertaining, funny , embarrassing scenes at times but also romantic , little sad but happy ending .Took a couple of hours to clear out all the parts but can say that it was worth all the money.Is much to say about this game but can not pick up everything.But all the routes they took one by one gave more and more understanding about the story ,Especially Amane , the promise and dreams and who Isuka huh. But are not supposed to reveal spelled for those who have not played . But all the characters are so unique and have their personalities so you wanted only play on what will happen next."
,Recommended,326480,14801132,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,stupid.straycat,"I don't need to review this game, many have already done that before I got it here on Steam.I played this within a week of it coming out originally in Japan, with the aid of Machine Translation, thus, I can't complain about it being badly translated like so many have listed in discussions on the Community Hub.Other than that, I really enjoyed the game, both runs through.  Honestly speaking, the removal of anything remotely adult content does not detract from the game.I'm not going to tell you to get this one, nor am I going to tell you to get the original release.For those who are burned out on 'real games' though, I'd say give it a try."
,Recommended,326480,14693041,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,WizKid,"What this game give you:-Love with an childhood friend-Love with a handicapped girl-Love with a beautiful, genius, strange senpai-Love with an elder twin sister-Or even both at onceWhy you need to read my review?-20/20 Achievement unlocked-Completed all routes available-84.7 hours on record-I am not ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Cons:-Removal of sexual scene, the story prob changed a bit. (Before using restoration patch)-Some typos and weird translationCons came first because i have so much to write on Pros, so here we go!-The story still good even without a sexual scene but it feels like i lost something about this game, so it makes me a bit curious. (Gonna using restoration patch soon!)-Ageha's route is the first i cleared, Ageha is your childhood friend and the route it's nice overall. But once you cleared all the others story i started to think Ageha's route is a bit plain. Yoru (Ageha's younger sister) will have much more appearance here, she's cute but there's nothing more about it.-Kotori's route (2nd cleared) is super sweet for me, you act as a boy who dated the handicapped girl and at the end your girlfriend can walk again? I try to put myself in Aoi's shoes and it felt superb. since you got to know about her father and Habane (Kotori's Elder sister) more.-Amane's route (3rd cleared) provide you with some side story, you will know more about An-chan (Tetsuya), Mr. Tobioka and Misagi Isuka (Amane's best friend) will make her appearance here. Try to put yourself on Aoi's shoes and imagine yourself dating a beautiful, genius, strange senpai at once.-Asa's route (4th cleared) is the tough ones, you need to choose between Asa and Yoru which is hard for me. Both of them is cute and loving you. how can you make a decision about this kind of things in real life? it's tough believe me.-Yoru's route (5th cleared) this is the last route left and i tot this is not gonna be interesting because i already played this game too much. but guess what? Yoru's route is the most funny to watch, sweet and complicated at once. It's beyond your imagination. Twin girls are more adorable when they come both at once.-Beautiful art and soundtrackSees life from a different perspective because a VN game! 11/10excuse my bad english."
76561198058592074,Recommended,326480,14850071,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,D3adWr0n9,"It was very well done sure there are some translation issues but the powerful ost and art work and the rrrrrich rich story make up for it in the end. it really felt like i was Aoi Minase  .kinda hoping now that they do a anime series based off it. If this was MoeNovels 1st, then well done ladies and gentlemen"
76561198132095385,Recommended,326480,14832750,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,alfredlopez917,"Fascinating game worth the money and a good ending worth my 26 Hours of playing i wish there was an anime about this it would be a nice anime. I Really recomend this game to Everyone , in my opinion it was better than Katawa Shoujo in Some ways but man what a fascinating story , like i said before it's worth the Money and it might be old but it's good , don't worry about the translations , and grammar there were just some minor mistakes but it was WORTH IT."
76561198164351144,Recommended,326480,14916479,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Bros and Pals,Gliders and skies.....and you know.......
,Recommended,326480,14949617,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,O toiyan kuttari,Talk to girls as many times as you want. Make sure to install the restoration patch to fix the engrish and see the removed 18+ scene.
,Recommended,326480,14929744,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,blitzkrieg,"This game is one of the best VN's I've played. Although one of the routes inside the game isn't properly translated due to some circumstances, the game is still worth playing. Of course, there's some patches online to get the most out of this game, IYKWIM lol."
76561198085603079,Recommended,326480,14907388,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,aoneko,"If This visual novel was released  without censorship and english translation mistakes , it could reached the perfect score.music,voices,story, pictures  and movies are really well done.my rating : 8/10best visual  novel that i have ever played."
,Recommended,326480,14742984,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Tasumare,"""If my Heart had WIngs... I would probably die!""Haha jokes aside, Its a really great visual novel that will continue to amaze me with the graphics and theWork put into it!Totally worth any amount of Dollars, Euros, Pounds, Yen,Yuan...Rupiah...Life?You get the point!"
,Recommended,326480,14941843,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Chocolad,Now I can show my steam friends what I fap to!
,Recommended,326480,13573186,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,TIW DawnGuardian,"Love this game every moment. One of the best visual novels I play ever.I think this VN can become anime and be very popular like Clannad, Toradora!, Kokoro Connect and yes this VN have harem and some hentai. So choose your girl ^^"
,Recommended,326480,13644823,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Harekaze ~ Toki,"Great art and the story is enjoyable.  No H content but im sure you can get that through other sources >>.Overall, I'd definately recommend this if you just want a good novel to read."
,Recommended,326480,19596733,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Bzgzytt.,Ageha is love Ageha is life.
76561198173909477,Recommended,326480,30546885,Posted: 16 March,all,kNightWolfe,"If My Heart Had Wings is one hell of a beautiful visual novel and I highly recommend you this game. The soundtrack is just absolutely gorgeous and it plays really well with the events.The animations and graphics are all superb and stunning. Characters are enjoyable to listen with their witty personalities and role to the plot, there is not one character that I can hate that shows no interest to the story."
,Recommended,326480,19413629,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Sapphire,9/10*edited10/10 w/ restoration patch lel
76561198146529840,Recommended,326480,30646647,Posted: 20 March,all,YoRHa Betrayers,69/10 point i love this game :winkfairy:
76561198114476231,Recommended,326480,19665858,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,CarolinaNick,"After finishing the game for the first time and choosing the Kotori path, I have got to say: this one of the greatest games i have ever played. I usually do not play Visual Novels, but I bought this and fell in love with it from the start. It has an incredible plot and playing more and more caused an attachment to each character. After all the fear, happiness, and tears of playing this game, i give it a 10/10. Best game ever."
,Recommended,326480,30644181,Posted: 20 March,all,Darkcoin,This game make me ask myself what am I doing with my life.Best novel i played 11/9 would recomend.
76561198109543374,Recommended,326480,19461280,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Specterer,"If you like to use both of your hands, auto read got you covered.Steam version 6/10Steamy version 10/9"
76561198254923900,Recommended,326480,19722254,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Kyo Uzuki,it is a good VN each route is long there well wrote but. i would buy this on sale not full price
,Recommended,326480,19639653,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,GAD-Tigrou-san,"For all who like visual Novels i can of course only recommend this one!It is a very peacefull and  often funny  story and also  enough to enjoy in the  story.When i first viewed  the decription and  the title i though, it could be to much romance but in the end i really enjoy the read and   w have quiet a long read in compar to some other  visual novels who  are pretty short.The only thing i found a bit   lacking is the   missing of choosing ways to go  at most by the first  half of the story. Otherwhise i would give it a 9/10 !"
,Recommended,326480,30651720,Posted: 21 March,all,Kallenar,"Probably the best visual novel I’ve played! Enjoyable story, interesting characters, and nice looking art-style. Took me about 10 hours to complete the non-romance path.Well worth buying! Even more so if it’s on a sale."
76561198084263725,Recommended,326480,22118744,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Sai Gon,who needs friends?
,Not Recommended,326480,22124306,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Saitzu,"I read people's reviews and decided to buy it when they put it on sale. Sadly for me, it didn't catch my attention at all. The story could be interesting and everything but for me, didn't manage to make me willing to play it for fun. I just finished the game just to get the achievements. I found it too long but I liked the fun scenes."
76561198008580369,Recommended,326480,22167192,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Z4k4R145,"This game is worth every penny.If you are a fan of into story driven VN with tons of good dialogues and astonishing deep going information about the game's topic (flying and gliders), then this is a must have.I only chose Kotori's route and since I might be a minority by this opinion, I have to say: it left me that much satisfied that I'm not curious about the other routes.I can't remember having such a good time with any other VN."
,Recommended,326480,22215009,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,天道.koisumi,It just good the music  gameplay  character  are just too goooooood XDI strongly recommend this game(DONT FORGET TO DOWNLOAD THE 18+ Version CAUSE U WILL MISS MOST OF THE STORY)
,Recommended,326480,20006641,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,フレイムヘイズ,"The quality of the game is good, the story will make you cry, laugh, and feel a lot more emotions. This VN is a masterpiece, and if you want to enjoy it more download the Restoration Patch and Sweet Love UI, to maximize the complete story of the game + fap material <3."
,Recommended,326480,15325382,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Tivia,"One of the best VN on Steam.This game gas great visuals, soundtracks, and voices.There's some element of science and moral education too.Definitely worth to buy..."
,Recommended,326480,15330530,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Zyra,highly recommended. though its highly censored.
,Recommended,326480,15333278,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Hans.,The Graphics is Very Nice (Mabushi)
,Recommended,326480,14999422,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,NamedFilms,"I think if would be awesome if they added the sequals to it, like a DLC. The two sequals are Flight Diarys and Snow Presents. Theres websites that you can get the two but i just dont trust things (dont know why) but yea it would be pretty easy for them to make those two sequals a DLC on this original game. I also love the original game so far, havent finished but i love it"
,Recommended,326480,15046888,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Voridor,"Very very nice graphic novel, even if it's badly censored in this EU version. Nonetheless is a very intense script and funny too. I'd recommend it to everyone, plus you can download the uncensored version as an add-on by googling a bit."
,Recommended,326480,24491801,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Majestic Cow Man,"Who is this game FOR?- People who want a long experience with NO gameplay- People who enjoy dating sims- People who like Visual Novels or anime- People who like Japanese romance anime/dramaWho is this game NOT for?- People who have NEVER played a visual novel before- People who value gameplay over story (The game is only text, pictures & music)- People who are looking for something inovativeRationalFOR:The game is a visual novel. For those not familliar with the term, a visual novel, or VN is a game that lacks of an gameplay. This subsiquently is replaced with a massive story arc with multiple ending and fleshed out characters. Think of it as a trade off. Sacrifice gameplay for story. The second thing I mentioned is that it's long. This game took me several hours to finish, and that was just ONE ending. The game has different arcs featuring the many different women within it. That's right. This game is a harem.If you like dating sims you probably already own this game. However, a word of recomendation. Try out Clannad if you haven't. It's avaliable on Steam, although it is a little expensive. Clannad in the end is more worth the investment.If you like visual novels, then that may be the very reason you are showing interest in this game. I would only recommend this, after you have played the other various better VNs that are out there. Danganronpa, Steins;Gate, 666 and Clannad. If you like anime, but have never played visual novels, then play Danganronpa first. It is available on steam and PS Vita and serves as a spring board into visual novels, as it mixes gameplay with pure text and story. As far as Visual novels go it's pretty good. Full voice acting. A not very memorable sound track, and lots of pretty pictures. The characters seem to be pretty fleshed out, and of course several routes featuring all of the main females with in the game.This game is a romance harem. That is a fact. You, the main character are presented with a plethora of different women that you can choose from. You pick one and that's the one you have a relationship with. I can strongly recomend this game to anyone who likes romance anime. I would follow that up with the suggestion of purchasing the VN Clannad instead, despite it's higher cost as it is personally a better, more interesting game featuring more player choice.NOT for:This game is going to be wall after wall of text. If you are someone who is looking into visual novels, I would give a few suggestions before you purchase this game. My strongest recommendation would be to purchase Danganronpa instead, as it features more gameplay and works as a way to ween into the visual novel world. For those less willing to empty their wallets, download the game Narcissu as it is a free visual novel, and was the spring board for myself and many others to get in visual novels seriously.This game is a visual novel. This means lots of text, a bit of music in the background and some nice visuals to boot. This also means NO gameplay. That's right. There is no gameplay in this game. Its focus is story, and fleshed out characters. I would strongly recommend people interested in VNs to play Danganronpa instead, as it features a mix of gameplay, and text.This is a visual novel. It is a solidly built well made visual novel, that in no way diverges from the regular visual novel formula. It does feature a rather interesting arch featuring gliders to go along with the relationships, but ultimately the game is no different from your standard VN dating sim. Don't get me wrong. The game is good. Just don't expect anything different. For those that want an interesting VN that mixes story with gameplay, play Danganronpa, or 666, and for those that want an interesting VN that features an interesting story that goes well and beyond standard expectations, play Clannad.Final Thoughts.This game is great. I really enjoyed my time with it. I has good characters, a fun plot, and lots of pretty art. It's the kind of game where you can just turn off your brain, and go. The problem is. I would only recomend it to people who have already played games like Steins;Gate, Danganronpa, Clannad, 666 or Nekopara. Because there are so many other better choices when it comes to visual novels. If you want to shut off your brain. Play Nekopara. If you want gameplay. Play Danganronpa. If you like Sci-fi. Play Steins;Gate. If you like romance. Play Clannad. If you like Dramas. Play Narcissu. So I can't give a full recommendation because of those reasons. HOWEVER. If you have already played a lot of visual novels, and you enjoy them. Then I would recomend to pick this game up. That is. Only if it goes on sale.Recommendations.I you liked this game, I would recomend you try out Nekopara. As it features cute characters, and is overall just an explosion of adorableness. A great way to turn off and reflect. And finally, if you haven't already. On the heavier side. Clannad. Just play it. Or watch the anime. It's great."
,Recommended,326480,24220578,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,A S S B O I,"What this visual novel made me realise is that past my primary motive off wanting to look at some sweet anime bresticles there is a life out there worth living. You grow with and experience the growth of characters you care about and through my 20 hours I can say every secone was spent with a smile on my face.However, I feel at a point of the novel the writing standard dropped drastically, there are a few spelling and grammar mistakes which to the common eye don't mean a lot but triggered me intensly at the false use of 'they' if the sentence was written about a single character for instance.All in all, if your primary motive is to look at sweet anime bresticles this novel is not for you. There I just saved you 20 hours of a torturous form of purgatory where you're trapped in a protaganist that has the personality of a dead cat and is about as responsive to interaction as the prementioned dead cat. It is insanely prolonged in writting and story and to spoil your fun the route I chose (Ageha) the was not any... 'realtions'. If My Heart Had Wings is a fantastic experience for someone wanting to find something a bit different to the common Japanese smut out there but lacks in areas such as story telling and writing to the point I considered putting down the novel entirely. Despite this however, the charm of the art style, music and character depth (that aren't the main protagonist) kept me wanting more. I recommend this novel to anyone with a spare 20hrs to kill or 70 if you want to play seperate routes but do bare in mind if you're looking for hentai all you're finding here is sexual frustration in a neatly packed, well drawn, visual experience."
,Recommended,326480,24462321,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Yuurigami,"Good character desgin, good graphic, nice soundtrack, amazing story line, it should be an anime"
76561198036281098,Recommended,326480,24467532,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,puttymon,"Great Visual Novel, would recommend to anyone who like reading Visual Novels.  Ive acctually put around 20 hours in this game, but since im using the Restored Cut Content Steam doesnt track my progress.On that note, im not sure how the game will be if you choose not to use the restored content, as my viewpoint is not on that.  If you can deal with the ""Ahem"" H scenes id give it a shot, just note that Steam will not track your progress and you will not be able to earn achivements if you do this.Also Ageha best Waifu."
,Recommended,326480,30834755,Posted: 30 March,all,MegaRold CsgoBlocks.Com,"I only have 1 word for this game ""amazing"""
,Recommended,326480,24661811,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,craigy94,"Apart from some bad grammar and translations, this game is amazing and the story is so beautifully written. Each character has a different personality, which really adds to the story and how they react within the visual novel. The soundtrack is beautiful and calming. I would reccomend this visual novel to anyone who has played visual novels before or someone that is completly new to them. 10/10"
,Recommended,326480,23932756,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,フリークえー 7100,"Played the ""Limited Edition""/ Demo version on my phone and had so many emotions even though I didn´t even have the full game. So I just spent those 5€ on the full version on steam, skipped through all the routes (for the achievements), installed the two patches and played it till the end (all ends).Best spent 5€ ever.(Even though I haven´t fully completed it yet, I know that that♥♥♥♥♥♥is da best. :D )Story: 12/10Music: 10/10Characters: 9/10 (I wanted to get an end with Hotoru (Ageha´s little sister), Akari (the ♥♥♥♥♥ that has an crush on Aoi and is the president of the school council or whatever) and Kanako (the underwear girl - ´nough said)...Play time: 10/10 (30 - 50 hours/even more if you have the patches installed - if you know what I mean...)Price/Money ratio: 10/10 (for 5€ or even for 15€ it is absolutely worth buying it.)To put it in a nutshell:If My Heart Had Wings is one of (if not) the best visual novels I have ever read. It is worth the 5€ (or even the 15€ without a sale) with a play time of 30 - 50 or even more hours. The story will make you cry, smile and overall gives you a good time with all the emotions (not meant in the wrong way... perv...).Overall: 10/10 would cry and read again-freaker7100#IAmInLoveWithTheSky :D"
,Recommended,326480,24047131,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Shigure,24+ hours of gameplay and i got the bad ending first10/10
,Recommended,326480,23948346,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Sol,Very Very Beautiful Visual Novel ;w
76561198254071172,Recommended,326480,24226853,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Crimson Piece,"I'm going to make this quick with zero spoilers. Every time I booted up the game, I felt one of the grreatest feelings ever. The way the characters are written are so human like that you'd almost believe it, it if it wasn't for the fact they sre drawn. Character development for the main characters (and even some side characters) is done beautifully. You really do get attached to the characters. I'd say that everything up until the end is perfect.THE ONE DRAWBACK OF THIS GAME IS ENDAfter all you go through... The countless hours you spend with the charcters, the ending seems extremley rushed. Many conflicts are left unresovled. Many mysteries as well are still present ater the credits roll. Sure, there are multiple endings that when all completed give the player more info but still, I found it quite lackluster especially in comparison to the events of the rest of the game. I thought the game was about one's dreams, hopes, memories, and the bond of friendship never broken by hardships. That is why the ending hit me like a frieght train.In total, it took me about 16 hours to complete the game the first time (finishing no routes). Please don't get me wrong... This game is something I'll remember forever and most likely play through many more times. I highly reccomend it. Out of all the visual novels I have played, (trust me, it's a lot) If My Heart Had Wings is the most polished, well written, and overall best one I have EXPIRIENCED. 10/10 would most definately play again."
76561198007822740,Recommended,326480,24222834,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,yxpoh,"Got it during the summer sales. Really nice sweet story, with lots of emtional changes.People who play the dating-sim games often, might catch the pattern, but the story still do gives good entertainment, like an anime.Characters are cute and funny, lots of the usual anime jokes :DNothing much else to say. Those that play dating-sim game should give it a try."
,Recommended,326480,24201079,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Multiracial Lion,"Easily one of the best VN I've ever played. The story, the music, the art style...fantastic.The only downers are that there's quite a few typographical errors in the script in a few of the routes, the silly censoring, and the writing getting a bit cringey during the H scenes.Still phenomenal."
,Recommended,326480,24184692,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,bluecuban,"It really is an incredibly beautiful and rich story. Now if we're being honest, there was some bad translation parts - downright horrid some of it really. Still, the overall story is excellent, and the routes with powerful stories are able to be understood. So overall it's still great.There is a restoration patch to change some elements of the game. I tried it after playing through entirely, and it does actually help with parts beyond the obvious ""I want the H scenes"" reasoning. It's not necessary though, and you can still enjoy the story as-is."
,Recommended,326480,24185256,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Captain Codyak Beard,"An absolutely beautiful story. A masterful mix of humour and emotion, if it had been translated better it would've even more fantastic. Seriously, it in several parts said Chinese instead of Japanese, that's beyond bad"
,Recommended,326480,23992393,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Ains Ooal Gown,10/10 Will chase Ageha again
76561198000674392,Recommended,326480,24039061,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,twistedminion,"I'd give it about an 80/100 the story is absolutely wonderful with lots of laughs and sorrows. where it loses sadly is that the english translation, grammer, characters and genders get slightly mixed up at several points in the story (makes me with I knew Japanese to read it by audio) it's second bad point is a lack of options with about 5 options to an ending about would have liked more choices even if in the end they didn't mean much or changed the story ever so slightly. Considering those two points they were only minor things compaired to the story of each path hense why it is at 80/100 or I might even go as high as a 85/100  so a good B."
,Recommended,326480,24055417,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,puravidaman,"This visual novel has an awesome story, characters, music, you'll immediately love it, as well you will be learning a few things about aeronautics and aerodynamics which is very interesting. Takes about 14 hours at most with first play through, multiple endings.Purchase this with the DLC sountrack, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,326480,24164539,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Wah,"Please, make some update or some official extension.. I would love to buy it..I mean, I want legal product..(Some sidestory or Restoration patch are in pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ too much work to do).Highly Recommended for those who like to read romance story with a slice of life."
,Recommended,326480,25332303,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Cyber_Hax?,A good harem game imo however I disliked the animations as I see it in every other Visual Novel so I refunded it.
,Recommended,326480,27574078,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,人殺し,Such a good vn.
,Not Recommended,326480,19997985,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Nadeko,"i have a feeling about this vn a couple months ago, i think it could be best vn with good soundtrack there, but this vn have a very very horrible mistake, translate was very creepy, difficult to understand with some typo here, if you didnt fix it! i'll give you a non recommended game! please fix it! on next patch!"
,Recommended,326480,24841519,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Afterval,what's so wong with a games with tons of waifu materials?10/10 gonna get the 18+ patch :))
76561198059764071,Recommended,326480,24981046,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,ManBroGuy,"Coming from a gamer of the Dark Souls series, hardcore RPG fan like the amazing Pillers of Eternity and all the way to shooters like Battlefield, this game was a whole other lawn i've never mowed. Grass i've never grazed. A 5th base I never touched.. You get the point.I bought this game on a whim.. Slowly but surely fell in love with it.10/10 STORYTELLING: From the love story to the friends with benefits to the out there somewhere in space minded girl, you see all form of love develope though this screen. In some way, we can related to atleast one story. Except Yoru's. We wish we could relate to Yoru's. Each story draws you in and preys on a part of you that is vurneralble. Weither it be that sloppy love, loving your friend, loving a friend (who kinda loves a friend?) OR LOVING TWO FRIENDS **** IT, we feel it in someway. It makes you feel the pain of loss, follow the feeling of love and foster the feeling hatred all at the same time. A love story that can have yourt emotions running rampent.. IS A GOOD LOVE STORY.8/10 GRAPHICS: WOW, VERY NICE 2D ANIMATIONS. CAN WE PATCH OUT THE 3D ONES PLOX? If windows 98 shot a movie through its eyes, it'd be the 2D animations.. They are far from a game breaker though, trust me.10/10 SOUND: THE ONLY GAME EVER I HAVE THOUGHT ABOUT BUYING THE SOUNDTRACK. I mean, for the love of all that is VN the music is amazing. Like, words cannot discribe. Only the sounds. The sounds of sweet, sweet love making in my ears.As far as a VN goes, those are the only things that matter. Over all, it was a wonderful experience. One that I was willing to sit down and enjoy for about 100 hours in my ever so busy work schedule. One that filled my heart with happiness.. and also made me feel quite lonely.Date me pls9.5/10"
76561198211348107,Recommended,326480,24776787,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Koala,Great story. It has beautiful backgrounds and lovely soindtrack to it. But the ending was♥♥♥♥♥♥ it felt like the story ended so suddenly.
,Recommended,326480,24928207,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Dunciboy,"Good story, but bad translation and port. I played the kotori route with and without patch and with the patch the games improved allot i don't just mean the removed 18+ content but literally fixes is the story and translation corrections have even improved this route. I suggest you don't even run this game without installing the patch first this awesome guide will help you and does not require Japanese system locale.I bought this game for 4,94 euro i suggest you only buy this on discount, since the port is bad.Additionally if you want instead of buying the steam version buy the Japanese version and wait for the full re-translation patch to be released, this does require Japanese system locale.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=501001760"
76561198058693063,Recommended,326480,24915603,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,"""SLUTS""",loved this game played through all routes was a great read. few bugs here and there but not enough to be too upset about.7/10
76561198114351820,Recommended,326480,24340545,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Maukka5000,Awesome vn! I still haven't played this through but I definitely recommend this! Awesome soundtracks!EDIT. Now I completed Kotori's route and I liked this very much. Definitely worth of 15€!
,Recommended,326480,25479194,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,★☭★ |Tianwen188,"I got this game not that long ago, but i have already played more than 20 hours on it.This is may have been the best game I've played (related to anime style)You really do need spent time on this game to really get the feeling of the characters game, and also its a really long game, I spent 20 hour just completing one route, although that I really liked it.Pros:-Great Story and Plot-Great Music-Great character settings-Very long story (for me is a Pro)-Very interesting twistsCons:-Doesn't support High-resolution full screen (something I cry about everytime)-NO FLIGHTDIARY OR ANY OTHER PLUGIN AVAILABLE ON STEAM!!!!!Conclusion：This is Definitely a great game, it worth every cent is very interesting story also keeped me interested all the time, although the plugin is not available on steam, its not big deal, but it would make life much easier if its on steam."
,Recommended,326480,25800226,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,ベジータ Vegeta,"================================P O R T U G U Ê S================================Esse é meu primeiro Visual Novel, dessa forma, logo adianto que esta análise não contém opinião de alguém experiente. O jogo me deixou confuso quanto: os pontos positivos realmente são positivos? Os pontos negativos são na verdade positivos? Fica ao critério de cada um decidir.Prós:+ Amane, a garota dos sonhos! Grandes seixx! Melhor história não apenas por causa da beleza da mesma, mas também pela maturidade da personagem.+ Cenários e personagens muito bem desenhados e detalhados!+ Diversidade de personagens.+ Muitas histórias, vários encerramentos diferentes e muitas horas de gameplay. (Positivo ou Negativo?)+ As músicas são boas.+ Possui animações, inclusive algumas vezes com elementos em 3D.+ Vários espaços para salvar o progresso do jogo.+ Exige poucas tomadas de decisões por parte do jogador. (Positivo ou Negativo?)Contras:- Muitas histórias, vários encerramentos diferentes e muitas horas de gameplay. (Positivo ou Negativo?)- Modo +18 apenas se instalar algum patch. Dica: a instalação do patch pode atrapalhar o desbloqueio das conquistas e das cartas. Primeiro jogue tudo normalmente, e em seguida jogue com o patch.- Exige poucas tomadas de decisões por parte do jogador. (Positivo ou Negativo?)Conclusão:* Para mim o jogo foi muito cansativo! Desbloquear todas as conquistas exige muita paciência, e como não tive, em vários momentos acelerei o jogo e fui dormir.* Realmente é um visual novel muito belo esteticamente falando! Em vários momentos fiquei impressionado com o detalhismo dos cenários ao ponto de imaginar como seria bom estar naquele local.================================E N G L I S H================================This is my first Visual Novel, so, this analyse hasn't opinion from experient player. The game left me confused as to: the positive points, are really positives? Are the negative points, positives? You decide.Pros:+ Amane, the dream girl! Big boxxx! Better history not only because her beauty, but mainly for her maturity.+ The ambients and characters are very well designed and detailed!+ Good variety of characters.+ A lot of historys, many finals and hours of gameplay. (Positive or Negative?)+ Good soundtracks.+ This game has animations, sometimes with 3D objects.+ Many slots to save your progress.+ The game has few decision choices. (Positive or Negative?)Cons:- Many histories, finals and hours of gameplay. (Positive or Negative?)- +18 mode only if you install a patch. Tip: The patch installation can cause some bugs to unlock the achievements and the collectible cards. First, play all the game normally (without patch), then install the patch.- The game has few decision choices. (Positive or Negative?)Conclusion:* For me, the game was very tiring! Unlock all achievements requires a lot of patience, and how I hadn't, in various moments I had that put the game in speed mode, then I went sleep.* Visually speaking, this visual novel really is very beautiful! Many times I was impressed with the details from the scenarios at the point to imagine how would be good live there."
,Recommended,326480,25895702,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,✪Moon,Ageha >_< need anime adaptation <3 (Y)
76561198002971541,Recommended,326480,25680884,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,audioslave176,"Great VN. It starts off slow, but picks up quite a but after you settle on a heroine route. Some of the routes are borderline heart-pounding.Fruit of Grisaia is my favorite VN of all time, but If My Heart Had Wings is a close second or third. I'll say this: Grisaia is far more dark. Wings makes for a good counterbalance, as it is mostly lighthearted.The Steam version is censored, but easily patched. You can find the how-to guides in the Steam forums."
,Recommended,326480,26104978,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Wyght,This game was the thing that convinced me 3D women just aren't as good as 2D women.Make sure to play while listening to Gnaw Their Tongues for maximum effect.
76561198135274746,Recommended,326480,25873064,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Chaos,This game very beautiful
76561198137069907,Recommended,326480,24548248,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,That one horny fuck,R.I.P failed to download patches.
,Recommended,326480,24386124,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Shiro ≫白≪,"This game makes me wanna fly on glider through morning glory... Kakoii desuuu. 1st visual novel and its the best, the romance makes me wanna jump into this game.... can't believe it. The details are exceptionally great. Can't stop playing once start, the voices are damn kawaii.. <3If u wanna play the eroge part then u have to download extra bits which I dun hav the link..."
,Recommended,326480,24420736,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,TheLegend27,"Pros-guranteed no life after playing this game-will have a lonely life-will have a disable girlfriend-parent will not be proud-11/10 will date a disable girl againCons-just finished kotori paths and i gotta admit, i'm not really sastified with the ending-the text is bad but is funny sometimes"
76561198093703921,Recommended,326480,30661801,Posted: 21 March,all,toxicbotto117,"i have yet to beat a single rpute in this game however the story is great and when i learned of the MCs past and kotori's past i was brought to tears. something i didnt expect unlike angel beats or clannad. (havent played clannad yet but loved the anime).the characters are all cute and cliche however each one of them has a small twist which makes it better. and the length of this game is long, i have barely scratched it since the chapters are so long. but well worth the time and the animations are amazing. definitly worth the full price of the game but even better is when its practically free at 5 dollars. I wish i had waited for a sale on this game originally, but oh well, i have played it and not waisted my money lol."
,Recommended,326480,19935573,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Little_Senpai,Great story and great animation would recommend.
,Recommended,326480,19999988,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Sam,If my Heart Had Wings is a very interesting Visual Novel.I Love the Story and feel like watching an Anime.Im really happy I bought this game. It's amazing
,Recommended,326480,19987607,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,BeastBoy,"Beautiful game. I never got the restoration patch, but even with that, it was wonderful. The characters are very likeable and you grow fond of them, (although Aoi's kind of a dumb@ss sometimes). All of the routes except for ""that"" one are exceptional. This is a LONG game. And I know I'll replay it after my feels go away.It has an awesome sound track, story, and art. Even with the missing scenes, it's well worth playing/reading.The only negatives are 2;It does as many people say, get very enrgrish, but not enough to really subtract from anything.HOWEVER there is one route that is beyond gawd awful in the translation to where it literally isn't playable. I had no idea what the heck was going on the entire time, I never finished it.but other than that the rest of the game/routes are perfectly fine.Definitly give this game a try.Amane-Senpai is waifu bae <3"
,Recommended,326480,19986668,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,[],"Really sweet story, it's nice to see more and more visual novels on steam!"
,Recommended,326480,19978604,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Herpes,Call me Mcdonalds cause im lovin it.
76561198093245066,Recommended,326480,20020347,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Cyclone243,"This is a high quality visual novel, very touching and amazing soundtrack and art style. Really the soundtrack in this game is amazing!"
,Recommended,326480,20034296,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,promosi berkedok korosi hati,"11/10the moenovel version of the game is ♥♥♥♥ed up, but its still kono oozora ni which is awesome.have completed this game 5 times in the pirated ver and so ive decide to buy the steam one to get the achievement."
,Recommended,326480,20121068,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,catol,"Strong emotions.Best route is Amane's. Best waifu is Amane, deal with it.Long story, but worth the hours.Waifus 10/10"
,Recommended,326480,19015990,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Key,"Been through every route and banged every girl;Like Asa and Yoru route the most;*feeling tired need some shower;*take off clothes, go inside bathroom;*boys reading this review should know what will happen*Asa walks in bathroom without notice me;*Turn around saw im stand behind her;*tic toc... tic toc .... time past by;*We both staring at each other for a few sec;*My inner beast: do something !! don't waste such a good chance;*Her face turn bright red when i tried toinitiateher;*Quickly run out of bathroom without wearing clothes*10/10 would banged with little girl again."
,Not Recommended,326480,20614863,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Benjay,badno godont make the mistake i made50% of the cutscenes have been cut from the original and a bunch of text
76561198124606334,Recommended,326480,20674626,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Zero,"Good game, with some good story. It takes a little before u reach the point where u can choose, but when u do the game takes a turn"
,Not Recommended,326480,20709152,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,kemul,"I really loved this game, but not in this version :( I really suggest to wait for the better translation version. And patch the original japanese game, not this ""All-Ages"" version.Pros:-. Fully voiced-. Great artwork and interface-. Great story and characters-. Very long gameCons:-. This game is really broken in this butchered version. Some stories doesn't make sense and so many grammar errors.I can't give score to this game because I really liked this game but no for this forced all-ages version.I really recommend this game, but the original one."
,Recommended,326480,20700390,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Infinit3,10/10 would click again.#MoreArthritis
,Recommended,326480,20698758,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Kevin Spacey,"I actually really like this game, for plot reasons too. I can't sort the adult patch out, so I gave up and found I really love this VN.serious review/10"
76561198217495645,Recommended,326480,20608742,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Malone Bugzy,"Its allright I guess, not too shabby."
76561198260313601,Recommended,326480,20733357,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,gofuckyourself,download restoration patch
76561198174261499,Recommended,326480,16848802,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Hagoromo Gitsune,restoration patch is very nicesoundtrack isnt bad too10/10
76561198145426918,Recommended,326480,28416240,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,YoK,Great Visual novelGreat story9/10
,Recommended,326480,28184824,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Elze,I've played it for 20+ hours and Amane ending is the best route ending i've ever seen
,Recommended,326480,22845019,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,🇺🇦☠КГБ-KGB☠🇺🇦,"im about 10 hours into the game.Pleasing so far.*Graphics are pleasing*Music is pleasing, ALTHOUGH i head one song but did not find it in the OST folder so i broke into the BGM.arc and extracted the file i needed which is ""BGM18b.ogg"" now i have a full collection, please add that track into ost in FLAC WAV MP3.*please give the ability to pause the game"
,Recommended,326480,23337568,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,GamingBecause,"I recommend this game to anyone who likes Visual Novels, though to get the full effect of the game I would recommend installing the Restoration Patch plus the Sweet Love UI. Happy Fapping! lel"
,Recommended,326480,23251317,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Shinobu,"My first VN game, love it so much!11/10"
,Recommended,326480,16696313,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Gary,"Yes, my in game time reach 40 hours and yet my achievement still locked.The answer is simple. Sex scene > achievement. Worth enough, thanks restoration patch.To change this all age game into eroge. Thank you again."
,Recommended,326480,23231175,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,CatchingFire57,"I've only jst finished one route after many hours of tis novel, and if one route sets the example for the rest of the routes, then I will love this game foreverRating: 20/10"
,Recommended,326480,23201813,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,beeper,i was very skeptical of this game at first but i wanted to keep playing it.... 40 hours later i have every achievement and completed all routes and now all i want is more.
76561198180390842,Recommended,326480,22511246,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,VIVA-HAPPY,"This VN Try to tell us nothing can stop us to reach our dream, but for me the romance scene is STANDARD cus ya know i love romance Anime and it's standard for me, some thing that i like from this vn is the draw style and the voice and they mae 3d model for the plane, and for the deluxe edition you will get the EPIC soundtrack of this VN, i think this game have more than one endings anyway it's Cheap VN guysFrom me...Draw Style 9.9/10Voice 9.5/10Story 7.9/10Soundtrack 10/10Bad side of this VN: NO H SCENE NOOB"
,Recommended,326480,13899941,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,FiniteChaos,"Just completed my first arc, and it took a little over 23 hours of solid reading at a good pace to do so. Very content rich, with a moving story and pretty dynamic characters. Story took a little while to pick up, and there's less romance than I'd anticipated, but not necessarily in a bad way.. I'd probably give it a 7.8/10 from the arc I've read so far.I'd also recommend the restoration patch. Made the experience a lot smoother."
76561198116179134,Recommended,326480,13856144,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Cancer,"The routes are interesting enough and the story for each was heartwarming, really has nice romance and sucked me in instantly. If you like VN's, you WILL like this, I am sure of it. And for those of you (you know who you are) who like 18+ content their is a resoration patch that will um....yeah."
76561198040914246,Recommended,326480,13908447,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Vagikarp,"If you're concerned about the lack of h scenes, go to /d or /h or something. I find it refreshing to read a nice drama VN where I learn something about aviation engineering. And the characters are quite well written, especially the 'main' heroine. Even the protagonist has more backstory than just the nice guy thrown in a harem trope. Even for someone who loves the ability to cruelly inflict emotional and physical pain on the undeserving in video games, I truly enjoyed this nice heartwarming tale."
,Recommended,326480,14304821,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Can't Aim,"If you buy this game you have to get the restoration patch or else you're gonna miss out on a lot of ""plot."""
76561198064723441,Recommended,326480,14307589,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Mango Barrage,"Well.. I've officially played the game for about 5 hours(I read the dialogue fully though) and just got my first actual choice. However, although I am miffed at how long it took, I actually feel like I understand who the characters are now and have even become emotionally attached to some of them. Therefore, my decisions will mean more moving forward.Bottom line: Although I enjoy VN's, I will admit, I mainly bought this game for the glider and the fact that as a career pilot, I am attracted to all things aviation related. This far in, I can honestly say that, excluding the glider, it's a great story.... Including the glider, it's an awesome story and if the skies at all intrigue you, you will be hooked! Also, unlike most aviation related media, this game actually is truthful and realistic towards aviation, rather than the fear-mongering that most media has taken to!So far(I technically have only seen the intro) 10/10. Would buy it again!"
76561198072112494,Recommended,326480,15156544,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,J. Zolo,"Wow, this game was simply breathtaking.  The visuals were picturesque and the BGM beautifully complemented many of the scenes.  The game's only weakness, which is also its greatest strength, was that the game has far too much written work without there being any kind of routes opening up until the second act.  However, because there is a grand amount of detail with how the routes moves forth with the story, people can begin to feel truly invested with the choices they had made. I, overall, was given my money's worth and then some.  I laughed, I weeped, and it was a rollercoster that had me clamoring for more."
,Recommended,326480,14399235,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,logix,"because this vn now i know what is ""glider"""
76561198214400568,Recommended,326480,15145274,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,RoyalLiege,"This story, It just has to be the best story I have ever read in my entire life. I couldn't describe in words what it was like reading this story from beginning to end, you have to make more like this!! Keep up the good work!!"
,Recommended,326480,15246015,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Koneko Toujou,"Good game 8/10The feels.When choosing between twins, why not pick both."
,Recommended,326480,14537641,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,$W4GK!NG,"This VN...One of the best!!I havent read a VN this good for a long time...After more than 15 Hours of play-time, I came up with this rewive.(Note: I played with Restoration Patch)Picture/Animation: 8/10There's some wired 3D Animating but 2D Art is amazing.Music: 9/10I felt like the music really effect the motion of the reader...I like the second OP Music ""Precious Wing""Characters: 10/10All other Heroines is all lovely :D (Especially Kotori and Amane)Story: 10/10I'm not gonna spoil any of the story, but you can hope you will not be disappointed.Overall: 9/10This VN is has one of the best story line i have ever read, with some selectable choices in it.This is worth to buy if you like VN or a duckThis game tell me how to treat a dissable girl, too :D"
76561198105281858,Recommended,326480,16825917,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,GOD rush SKC,Nice story even though some sentence got mess up and doesnt make sense but still still a wonderful game if it made into a anime it would be wonderful :)
,Recommended,326480,16495466,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,DoPpElGaNgEr,"A really great visual novel for those starting out, very little choices that branches out to the heroines of the game , for more impact use the Restoration Patch :>"
76561198095147317,Recommended,326480,16543207,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,:3,Scroll Wheel Simluator 2015 solid game 10/10 just ♥♥♥♥ing long as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,326480,17299709,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Severed,"fantastic story on this game with great animation, and i even learned something about gliders"
,Recommended,326480,30431479,Posted: 10 March,all,Akhlis,"I fapped to this, it was good.Asa and Yuro best gurls, AMEN."
,Recommended,326480,17395590,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,♿Jaye♿,No qt wheelchair gf in my life.__________████████_____██████_________█░░░░░░░░██_██░░░░░░█________█░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░█_______█░░░░░░░███░░░█░░░░░░░░░█_______█░░░░███░░░███░█░░░████░█______█░░░██░░░░░░░░███░██░░░░██_____█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░███____█░░░░░░░░░░░░░██████░░░░░████░░█____█░░░░░░░░░█████░░░████░░██░░██░░█___██░░░░░░░███░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░███__█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█████████░░█████████_█░░░░░░░░░░█████_████___████_█████___█_█░░░░░░░░░░█______█_███__█_____███_█___██░░░░░░░░░░░░█___████_████____██_██████░░░░░░░░░░░░░█████████░░░████████░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██░░░░█░░░░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██░░░░░░░███████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░█████████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██░░░░░░░░░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒███████████████▒▒█░░░░░░░░░█▒▒███████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█░░░░░░░░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█████████████████░░░░░░░░░░████████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██████████████████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██▓██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██▓▓▓███░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓███░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓███████████████▓▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█
,Recommended,326480,17403394,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Captain Bumsgewitter,Worth buying if you apply the Restoration Patch and the Sprite fix.( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) / 10
,Recommended,326480,26870336,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Has,worth the money!
,Recommended,326480,26838768,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CptWafflez,"Sit down, relax and enjoy the story"
,Recommended,326480,24007291,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Gamble fon Fabre,"This game really makes you play it more and more and more... I'll just point out most important aspects:- Characters are really well made. Pretty often in VN very soon after the start you already become annoyed by half of them and only want to follow the story concerning the one's you like. It's totally not the case here - I am 14+ hours into the game and still I want to know the whole story about all of girls I've met so far.- Music&sounds. It's really lovely, not much to add - some honey to your ears ;)- Bugs. Haven't encontered any so far.And of cource story is interesting in general... I was a bit annoyed with too much how-does-glider-work stuff (since I am not much into physics&engineering) but that's just a minor thing.All in all, decision to play this game is a no-brainer: go for it!Updated:After all, the main story was best of all routes, but still doesn' make game much worse!"
,Recommended,326480,26957109,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,admin,a Visual Novel with long story and good character.I choose Kanako
,Recommended,326480,26996608,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,OTAKU BOI,"If this was the last game I played before I died, I would have died without any regrets.THANK YOU 2-D WORLD FOR MAKING ME HAPPY AND SAD AT THE SAME TIMEReally good Visual NovelWish there were more of these on steam"
,Recommended,326480,24154220,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ShadowPrower,"What can i say about this game, i really enjoyed this bittersweet story that follows the main protaganist Aoi Minase. Ive finished every route, unlocked every achievment and poured bearly 50 hours into the game. Its a game that follows a diverse story line that changes based on which girl ypu romance. i will admit that i have patched it for the 18+ version but i finished it all before patching. Each character has their own problem and we see how they resolve them together .I would highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys visual novels with romance thrown into the mix.#10/10 My favorute girl is between Amane and AgehaAWARD WORTHY"
,Recommended,326480,26946276,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LozSpagatee,"By far my favourite VN. Love the characters, the story, the art, everything. Of all the 50+ hrs VNs i played, this is definately 50+ hours well spent on passionate story telling.11/10"
,Recommended,326480,27068161,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mikaela,Me crai so hard
76561198126446864,Recommended,326480,26064520,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,David,"This is literally the best visual novel game I have ever played, it didn't just offer a great storyline, it also teaches people how to not give up on their dreams, and encourages people to have the courage to pursue them no matter what obstacle they face.Pros- Beautiful soundtracks- Well designed characters- Easy to figure out who's route is who's- Contains a heart touching storylineCons- Some translations were out of placeI would definitely recommend this game!!!!Enjoy!!"
76561198125686297,Recommended,326480,25609340,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Heffe,"This game is truly well made, with an interesting storyline to accompany the fantaastic artwork. Don't expect much of an actual ""game"" with it since it is more of a visual novel, however you are able to make choices more so towards the end. Overall I enjoy this work, and would like to see similar games in the future"
,Recommended,326480,27485848,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Awsum bets.gg,Good visual novel <3
76561198155715404,Recommended,326480,27476563,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Yoru,"Great game with great graphics. Character designs were attractive and together with the awesome OSTs, it really draws your attention and you might just find yourself playing the game non-stop."
,Recommended,326480,27488385,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Penguiinn ♥,"This is really an interesting story 10/10Great ArtworkGreat SoundtrackGreat Voice ActorsGreat CutscenesGreat VisualsTeaches you about GlidersHas Cute and Lovable CharactersLolis <3It's a very long Visual Novel, but it's really worth it!! :D"
76561198134496489,Recommended,326480,27517005,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,im feelin' good 2day,good♥♥♥♥♥♥fam
,Recommended,326480,27526837,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,YuAshito,good game10/10 would play again
76561197964722062,Recommended,326480,27507090,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,[Mahou_Shoujo] Frosty Meow,So far so good
,Recommended,326480,27468432,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rzonda,-Good Story-FANSERVICE!-Amazing Artstyle-Amazing OST(deluxe edition)Like all of that?then this game is the one
,Recommended,326480,24696069,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Beard,Pros:-Great Story-Great Caracters-Amazing Soundtrack-Amane Senpai <3Cons:-Censure is stupid-Kotori She´s Annoying as hell-Bad TranslationI love this game super recomended 9/10
,Recommended,326480,30830911,Posted: 30 March,all,Mr Gomez,"Great animation, voice work and im enjoying the story so far :)"
76561198101109698,Recommended,326480,24429034,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Leg Lord,"Its kinda odd actually, i wouldnt reccomend getting the game full price, as you only get like 20 hours off of it, but if there is any sorta sale, its a must buy. Or you know, watch it on youtube. Then again, this game is really bad without the originial content, as some of the routes actually require it to make any senseThe story is not amazing, with the glider themed stuff really getting boring after your first two routes. The characters are sorta like tropes, where you have the lolis, the childhood friend, the airheaded big ♥♥♥♥♥, and the ""main female"" girl. The interactions are ok, but nothing special.The art style was amazing.Even though I said to buy it. if there was, i would give it a middle reccomdation. I mean, there are better visual novels out there, but this one may start you off very well."
76561198255946534,Recommended,326480,24741087,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Kyoto,I just say:Lets get some Fan Service c::
76561197960531001,Recommended,326480,27750753,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[ TBR ] Applejack,"Its a Nice VNit has a nice storry,is time consuming but always funny"
,Recommended,326480,16069496,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,mattashii,"If My Heart Had Wings is quite the Visual Novel. Currently 20 hours in, and are about to finish the first route. The art is very well done, and the cgi is of decent quality. The story is fairly consistent, and the character development in my opinion well done.A negative point on this translated game is that it is translated inconsistently: The first part of the game starts with first names in the translation (Amane, Aoi), but later on this is switched to the last names, as is used in the original spoken parts. Other 'hickups' are dollar/yen currency changes in the translated game, which is a bit annoying, first they talk about euros being translated to yen, but then in a shop they find the $8 cakes expensive. These inconsistencies, and quite a lot of spelling mistakes, make the game as a whole a bit less enjoyable.Lastly: I do like this game. These negative points that I just mentioned are just to prepare you for some bad translation mistakes, but that does not make the story, art and voice-acting bad.Points:Voice: 4/5Art: 5/5CGI: 3/5Translation: 2/5Story: 4/5Overall: 4/5 would play again"
,Recommended,326480,27650682,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,๖Wick ❤,i can't fly yet
76561198055226830,Recommended,326480,27563198,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Haunted Kool Aid ツ,Love it
76561198273872065,Recommended,326480,27464540,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,curseEmperor,"If only my life was this good too, beautiful ost btw"
76561198061809009,Recommended,326480,27455099,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,センゴ #日本の猫,had a really good time playin this game :3 and Still playin sometimes ^^
76561198262808035,Recommended,326480,28232300,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Erectmanhorse,"I enjoy playing the game. However, i do not get the option to window the application. I do not know why; the ""window"" button doesn't work. So, if you're going to use a large screen to play this, then it's f**king useless."
,Recommended,326480,28285428,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Xforce360,Great storiesGreat Romance10/10
,Recommended,326480,28110695,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,melonpan,10/10 ign - Amane best waifu
76561198293126134,Recommended,326480,28253031,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,(๑-﹏-๑)LazyPiano.,"A very interesting novel.It may have a few minor grammar,but hey,the story is amazing.The visuals is great and also the voice acting is flawless.My only compliant about this game that it's just too long.But that dosen't matter,it's worth the money."
,Recommended,326480,28275196,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,sentairider42,"It's a great game, but my major complaint is that there were very few decision-points. Don't get me wrong, I think the story is amazing, but I just wish there were more points where the player can make a choice to determine the route (to be perfectly honest, it felt more like I was watching a 'pick your own pace' anime)."
76561198174053214,Recommended,326480,28111762,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,vicdinnen,"When it comes to visual novels, this is one of the ones that sets the bar high for everyone else to try to reach.The story was good, lots of details and emotions shown, quite a lot of content to it also.  Multiple choices, multiple paths to take, lots of interesting characters.  This game really does have it all!There is an 18+ patch also, for those who want it (the one gripe I had with this game is that the 'censorship' of the dialogue between characters was quite annoying.  It's quite obvious what is meant to be said, but they always dance around anything that can be offensive.)  The patch addresses some of this, while adding... well, 18+ content in also.  Up to you if you want to get the patch also.But this was quite a good game, with lots of replaying and seeing everything the game had to offer!  Definitely recommend this one!"
,Recommended,326480,28110152,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,NachoSupremeLeaderKimJongUn,One of the best Visual Novels out there today IF you install the restoration patch.Playing without the patch just feels like something is missing.
,Recommended,326480,27387064,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,757,I hate to say this but this game make me feel too happy.
,Recommended,326480,14806982,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,CTcommander Senpai,"Despite the fact that this game is known as ""Nudity"". I myself really REALLY enjoy this game because of the storyline, which is more than just perfect. If you really are reading and understand the feeling this game express, some scenes actually made me cry.Good:Music that really reflect that moment of emotion.Storyline (if only I could rate it 11, I would. 11/10)Flashbacks in the game really touching.Kawaiiiiiiiii girls!Bad:subbed/translation s^cks at lots of point and sometimes I have to translate myself when Im really into the story, which makes me angry.9.5/10Edit: with the restoration patch, my friend never look at me the same way again. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Now! I, as a mere mortal, has rated this game again. 69/10 would go beyond 100 hours. Soon,,,"
,Recommended,326480,27361373,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Okita™ 総司 ღ,Good Story with different characters to choose from.
,Recommended,326480,27323782,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,peachyPotato,"wonderful game.havent played long yet, but i know ill spend hours on this game, just enjoying the setting and the drawings.the music is nice and the art work is very authentic.Ever wanted to feel like an anime protagonist? thats the game for you.the characters are voiced, but you can mute them (i dont find them annoying, as i said, very authentic.)one guy criticized that you can see the protagonist, but thats not the case very oftennothing bad to say here...the game is as cheesy as the title, so youre warned :)despite being a visual novel, you cant choose upon your actions...but i wouldnt mark this as a con, a real anime also doesnt let you choose :Dprops to the developers <3"
,Recommended,326480,15691304,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,kotoriknight,"Finally finished all routes. Although some translations were weird, this vn is very enjoyable.The review would go on and on for way too long if I write something about every female characters lolCharacters are well written. I especially loved Asa's route. I can utterly relate to this character because her normality and struggle to success; and finally, with the efforts she put in, she grasped the most beautiful things in the world(being able to fly in the sky, and being together with the protagonist) because she'd never had such great views as a genious...The scene of her confession on the glider ride, nonetheless, was my favourite moment of the game.If you enjoy slice of life stories, please give this a shot, it's not some crazy stuff, but one peaceful tale one can cry with tears of joy."
,Recommended,326480,19061224,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,KingDog,"I love this game, but I wish that the characters were animated. Either way I rate this game 10/10. If you want to buy this game.... Do it, buying the game is worth it!A year had passed I still love this game!"
,Recommended,326480,27779369,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,IanPPK,Interesting story with fun routes.Patches definitely improve the experience.
,Recommended,326480,27743227,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Luna,"This game is pretty bad without the restoration patch, having a horrible translation and a completely broken route (Ageha's) that would take years to decipher.With it, however, you get one of the best stories of all time, with the added bonus of well-done H-scenes that provide more than just sex. Would definitely recommend if you have ~20 minutes to download and apply the patch. The soundtrack is also very well done."
,Recommended,326480,24325740,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Kygun,"This is one of the happier VNs out there, nothing heartbreaking like CLANNAD or incredibly dark like a lot of VNs out there, but it's a refreshing and upbeat tale to remind us that some dreams are worth chasing. One of my all-time favorites on Steam; beautifully drawn characters, a catchy soundtrack, and a respectable lengthlength (took me around 35 hours to finish). Overall I recommend this game, ESPECIALLY if it's on sale!"
76561198122427539,Recommended,326480,15215282,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Edelweiss,30 hours of gameplay and 6 different endings. If thats not enough to convince you then nothing will.This VN for me was a beautifull feels trips and got me hooked almost instantly. It does a great job at getting you immersed in the story and start feeling the characters as well as relating with the MC.Theres not much bad points into this game other than the sometimes unnatural english and the scene transactions look like it was taken from a powerpoint presentation.10/10P.S : You can download a restoration patch for H scenes and uncensoring.
,Recommended,326480,24369570,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Pandalligator,"Love this game! Don't be irritated by my playtime, I used the patch. Can recommend to everyone who is even mildy interested in Visual Novels or Anime. It even made me look up gliders on Google because it was so interesting. The romance is great as well.9/10"
76561198256558967,Recommended,326480,24351663,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Halorecon714,"Great game, in depth story, many paths to go down, but you have to complete some before taking others, found that to be a reason to keep playing. I would give it a 9/10 for great story, and good dating sim."
,Recommended,326480,32922500,Posted: 28 June,all,Qwertyleader,"Amazing. I put this game on my list for a while, because I played it a while back but couldn't finish because it wasn't done translating ;o I LOVE IT SO MUCH!!!"
,Recommended,326480,32780871,Posted: 25 June,all,beansproutmiaumiau,Some parts of translations are kinda weird and plots are long but it's worth it.8/10P.S: Remember to download the restoration patch ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198149878310,Recommended,326480,28917519,Posted: 1 January,all,Asshole Assaulter,"10/10 Would use as a coping mechanism againts my depressing and lonely life again. (Ps: If considering getting this game, do yourself a favor and download the patch for it)"
76561198148246221,Recommended,326480,28957145,Posted: 2 January,all,kr7dt7n,"""I BELEIVE I CAN FLY"" plus ""THE WRIGHT BROTHERS"" in ANIME VERSION- FACE THE TERRIBLE FATE, THE SHUTDOWN OF YOUR ""I HAVE A DREAM"" CLUB- SHOW THE WORLD YOUR MORNING GLORY(literally) THROUGH THE 40 HOURS+ OF BEUTIFUL VISUAL, BGM, STEALING AND FLYING YOUR DAMN PLANE?! uh I mean the ""Glider"".....STARRING.....- yet another CHILDHOOD FRIEND route- DISABLE GF route.....THEN UNLOCK THE FORBIDDEN PATH of.....- SUPER-SENPAI who became your teacher for the sake of forbidden love PLOTS- GENIUS TWIN LOLI kouhai harem route, The school president grandkids who can blow the whole PLOTS away.....THEN CRY OUT LOUD, for the lack of.....- your childhood friend LITTLE SISTER who deserve her own ROUTE- your Pet DUCK route- THE WINDMILL route- AND THE ENTIRE CAST OF YOUR DORMMATES ROUTES"
,Recommended,326480,28481126,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,BigT4203,"Got this on sale. Finally got around to playing it. Highly recommend the restoration patch which can be found by googling it.Took 41 hours to finish the common route (Kotori).With the restoration patch and Sweet Love patch, it adds all the H-scene to make it all age. It also changes some of the dialoge to more mature content. And while not necessary, it adds something to the game if that's your thing.There are few choices you have to make, the first one being around 12 hours or so into the VN. However, I really did enjoy the storyline. It made my heart wrench at points and other times it would be laughing.The music track is perfect, though after 41 hours, it can get kinda old. Still, I really enjoyed the way the music meshed with the atmosphere of the game, it really added to the feeling.Characterwise, I'd say it was outstanding. The way they build the characters was perfect. The way the MC acts can be a bit annoying at times but he finally grows some balls at the end. The voice acting was good for all the characters as well.I'd highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys visual novels. I will be coming back to play the other routes once I can spare another chunk of time to fully enjoy it."
76561198242359346,Recommended,326480,28816309,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,OMG By BAD,ชอบมากคับ  รักมากเลยเกมนี้เต็ม100 ให้200
76561198163059572,Recommended,326480,28978933,Posted: 3 January,all,Skyreleo,"After applying the patch, (painstaking as I ran into some bugs and problems) I reap my rewards and enjoyed my guiltless loli.10/10 would reccomend ( but if there wasnt the fuwanovel patch my life is over)"
,Recommended,326480,29233552,Posted: 13 January,all,AkiRyze117,A really good VN to read with a great story and great set of characters but I highly recommend you get the unofficial patch otherwise you're in for an inferior experience.
76561198329101985,Recommended,326480,29304532,Posted: 16 January,all,Karhu Gaming,"The best visual novel I've ever played with no contest so far, I will say there are some grammatical and spelling mistakes but other than that a great game. Totally worth the £11 I spent."
76561198137278475,Recommended,326480,29304697,Posted: 16 January,all,Hadesu,"Lovely game. About 17 hours for my first playthrough, so it's definitely not a short VN.If My Heart Had Wings is a story about Aoi, who meets several girls as they try to revive the Soaring Club. There's few choices to be made, but those choices really matter. I only made about 3 choices and ended up with a good ending voor Kotori. Can't imagine the other routes and will definitely play again.Anyway:+Nice story+Beautiful art+Voice acting+Multiple endings+Meaningful choices-Translation can sometimes be awkward or plain wrong: makes reading really hard, especially since there's a lot of reading to be done in those 17 hours.-price. I recommend picking the game up in a sale, but maybe that's just me. I don't often pay 15 euros for a VN. Might be worth it though.Solid 9.5/10 here. Loved it."
76561198069964150,Recommended,326480,29743011,Posted: 6 February,all,jeffsong,玩了6个小时到OP也是没谁了（未完待续）。
,Recommended,326480,31023147,Posted: 8 April,all,Soviet Russia on VACation,"good game, played alot of the storyi think i finished the kotori route only tho xDstory lasts 50+ maybe even 60+ hours"
76561198080033648,Recommended,326480,29711433,Posted: 4 February,all,Stampede,"By Odins beard, where do i start...First of all, this is not a Dating Sim, in the sense you get to make tons of important decisions, it´s a Visual novel.There are some Choices, that are being unlocked after clearing the fairly obvious main Story.This is not at all a bad thing.It is a really heartwarming Story, and it´s narrated in such a way that i felt myself getting actually excited about things, that i immediately after realized, i wasnt actually going to do myself. The story carries you away, because it is told in much detail and has lots of interesting characters and a lot of depth.This is one of VERY few stories that i felt, left a real impression due to their relatability, the other two being Clannad for obvious and Toradora, maybe more for personal reasons.30 estimated hours of Gametime, that consist mostly of reading but BOY it is captivating from start to finish.If there is anything to nag about it is the translation. By the end and at the beginning the translation is quite well, inbetween i definitely read some lines that were translated by a native Japanese speaker and some that were translated by a native english speaker, another one seems to be quite versed in both languages and yet another was just doing a PERFECT job, so my guess is taht there were 4 people at work, which made it kind of confusing at some points because the kind of mistakes made in consecutive textwindows were sometimes so different in nature, that it made it hard to read.The original game is an Eroge, that means its got naughty scenes in it, but the Story is definitely more than a standalone, and absolutely beautiful.If you are not afraid of lots and lots and lots of text and want to sink your mind into a beatiful innocent romance story, this is what you were searching for, it is on Sale quite regularly it seems, i got it for 5€ but in retrospect would definitely buy it for 15€.Oh one more thing that rustled my jimmies but its a bit of a spoiler:That one ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of a teacher told them the Sailplane Club was a waste of time and that kind of activity had no future, how does anyone involved in engineering not know that this is EXACTLY how Willy Messerschmitt started his carreer? Dont know if it´s a kind of plot weakness or if he just wanted to be an enormous ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,326480,29645697,Posted: 2 February,all,alfonsojon,"While the translation was spotty in a few places, it's easily understandable and the story was absolutely amazing. I'd recommend it to anyone who's looking for a great story in a visual novel."
,Recommended,326480,29656068,Posted: 2 February,all,King Of Lolicons,"The game is totally solid, aside from all the horrible cat impresions and slurping sounds its totally solid, but another issue is that once you restore the H-scenes you wont get any achievments so thats a minus but id probably rate it an 8.5/10"
,Recommended,326480,28999101,Posted: 3 January,all,Exponential²,just wonderful
76561198060525106,Recommended,326480,29649524,Posted: 2 February,all,Unholyrum,Good story I actually enjoyed going through it all for once but only down side there's not many choices.
76561198076572532,Recommended,326480,29594119,Posted: 30 January,all,Ahimaaz,Excelent with Restoration Patch :)
76561198354970055,Recommended,326480,29474439,Posted: 24 January,all,colyhs,beautiful game
,Recommended,326480,29832033,Posted: 10 February,all,AfterFX | BOLT.GG,Surprisingly addicting.
,Recommended,326480,32825422,Posted: 26 June,all,KGEvans,"This has to be one of the most beautiful visual novels I have played and I recommend anyone who is into beautiful stories to pick this up.The artwork is well made and the music is the perfect mix of calm and uplifting with a few energetic tracks.I was playing with the text on the english translation, it was translated well. There were a couple of small errors I noticed, such as ""You"" instead of ""I"" in one instance, also a misplaced space. I noticed those both prior to the Opening 1.The game is very long to someone who is relatively slow at reading, it took me roughly 9 hours to reach Opening 1, however I did not mind at all as I enjoyed the story."
,Recommended,326480,32924965,Posted: 28 June,all,❖Neo Lance❖,Play for fun not for fap!!
,Recommended,326480,32893998,Posted: 27 June,all,Well-Informed ETNE,Ayane-san !!!
76561198105007277,Recommended,326480,32905919,Posted: 27 June,all,Exothermic,"First Impressions :- Great artwork for what its worth ( If you're interested in Visual Novels anyway )- The setting is incredible nice to look at ; Out in the country side, an old town mixed mashed with technology- Soundtracks are great but just my opnions here- There's a duck who wears a fedora and is a cunning ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ; who steals 'Pantsu'.... I didn't expect that one but hell It's aJapanese game, no complaints hereRECOMMENDED for peeps who likes Anime/ Manga/ Japanese Light Novels"
76561198068237537,Recommended,326480,32904691,Posted: 27 June,all,snipa203,"I left my laptop on... Now I have 160 hours on this game. It's pretty good. It shouldn't take you 160 hours to complete, just about 14ish. You should get it I guess."
,Recommended,326480,32861956,Posted: 27 June,all,AgentHotel,Wanna a ticket to the “Feeladephia”? This one is for you (In less than $5 for some reason)!
76561198108088717,Recommended,326480,27556669,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Professor Hentai,"It's has a nice story, but takes a really long time to complete just one route. Story also can get bogged down by what seems to be meaningless filler, and might find yourself AFK scrolling through the dialouge. The romance is pretty well done though, so props to that. Also anime tiddies"
76561198071839908,Not Recommended,326480,21690072,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,vladjones,"Well it was my first visual novel. I bought it during a summer sale and so the price was decent for me and I couldn't buy anything else.So I personally think it isn't my taste mostly because you are in aschool and fly with gliders. Well Gliders can be cool but they talk in game as if I am stupid or so. Maybe you don't understand gliding, flying or physics but if they talk for 15 min. about thermals etc.. As if the developer thougt the readers would be some stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥or maybe they just wanted to expand the reading time , well if it is the letter then they accomplished it.The story is normal, thats it. Well in the end you bang one of the chicks or so I do not care.Maybe I am to old that i cannot appreciate it or it really is just not my taste.To anyone who wants to buy full price should not do it. Buy an interesting book, you will have more with it. If it is in sale then... well if you are curios it is a great impression.PS. I got the r18 patch because I do not like if something is cutted out of a game.(well if you are horny you can watch such things for free in the internet).I nearly forgot, I played for over 10 h. The patch somehow did not register the time I played."
,Recommended,326480,30729205,Posted: 25 March,all,Einsbent,"Full of cute girls, watch out your nose!Deep and rich story, very sad but make me laugh. The arts is pretty nice, and the voice actors had cute and beautiful voices. Also the soudtracks, they won't out from my head and keep hummed.Although, the story is simple and easy going. But I am pretty sure you will cry a lot, laugh loudly, and smile. No doubt.The bad points is many weird translations. But I thought you'll still undestand the content if you undestand English. Also the 3D scenes looks little bad against the beautiful 2D arts. And about the huge cencored content, it will be fine without the cencored content in. It's not meant you are loosing an important or so on content.Don't waste your precious time to read more reviews, go ahead and buy it!"
76561198174138494,Recommended,326480,33645781,Posted: 18 July,all,弗雷迪,Is a good one!!
,Recommended,326480,33470124,Posted: 11 July,all,Dumbnorb,they cencored a lot of the game so if you get the game get the patch online
,Recommended,326480,33500817,Posted: 13 July,all,Dark Souls,I love this game so much!!!.The art is so beutiful.....
,Recommended,326480,32108699,Posted: 1 June,all,shirosz,"The original game is really good, interesting and teaches you a lot about gliders.I was just put off by the huge amount of translating issues making the game really confusing for me.You should probably get the patch if you want to play this game properly :D"
,Recommended,326480,24527252,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Retro,"The best VN I have ever played, and I don't see that changing! With lots of sub routes and a long common route (well in fact they're all quite long, which makes it even better!). Aoi has a subtle smartness to himself, which is cool to see.Might as well grab that restoration patch too...9/10"
76561198095871765,Recommended,326480,34078115,Posted: 7 August,all,Babnassing,after almost 40 hours and i can say one thing...GO AND BUY ONE RIGHT NOWperfect strory perfect soundtrack nice bmgs everything is perfect i recommend you play not +18 version for nice warmful story i wonder why still there is anime version for this masterpiece
76561198331384390,Recommended,326480,34022678,Posted: 4 August,all,Rayn,A M A Z I N G      I LOVE THAT GAME LMAO
,Recommended,326480,34020447,Posted: 4 August,all,Kecap Manis,yes yes GOOD
,Recommended,326480,34324277,Posted: 18 August,all,Heaven002,"I whole-heartedly recommend this visual novel for anyone who enjoys reading, storylining, romance, multiple routes, or tragic backstories that have a happy ending. The story takes place with Aoi Minase who meets a mysterious disabled girl (Kotori Habane) stuck on a hill. As the story progresses you begin learning about Kotori and her unique quirks. Meeting Ageha Himegi, Amane Mochizuki, and the twins who are night and day Asa and Yoru Kazato. The other main Heroines of the novel. This Novel definitely has more possibilities then is currently available but is a definite 5 star in my opinion as an aspiring Novelist."
,Recommended,326480,30101054,Posted: 22 February,all,♥Sleepy Otaku♥,"This is the greatest game i've ever played in my life. The story is just so beautiful that I actually feel immersed in the world that MoeNovel created. The soundtrack is amazing and my heart was racing the whole time as I waited to see what happened next. For the first time ever, a game has managed to nearly move me to tears. The only con about this game that I found was the translation. There's a lot of instances where some words are translated wrong, spelled incorrectly or don't use correct grammar. Other than that, IMHHW is an unbelievably wonderful game that you should definitely try if you're a fan of romantic stories like I am."
,Recommended,326480,33497865,Posted: 13 July,all,MMK,"DONT LISTEN TO ALL THE HATE REVIEWSI am about to give you an objective review of this VN.The story line is AMAZING, each and every character has depth and not everything is as simple as it seems. But this VN might not be for everyone, the strory is very long and it took me around 4 hours just to get to the theme song. Personally, this made me quite excited because it told me that I was about to become completely invested in a very promising story. There are choices and routes in this VN but it takes a long time just to get to the first choice so if you're set on having a fast experience and not investing so much time, then this VN probably isn't for you (but you should still try it because ITS SO WORTH IT).The soundtrack is amazing, no matter how long I listen to the same backround music, I am still doing my own little dance. Some people complain about the translation but it honestly is not nearly as bad as they claim it is and I find it petty that they make such a big deal about small mistakes that don't even take away from the story (and the mistakes are few and far between, you probably won't notice them because the writing is so good and it reads very smoothly).To summarize: This VN is nothing but worth it. It's my favorite VN and it probably will be for a long time. Please give it a try before you listen to the reviews that spout nonsense and try to make the game look bad for no coherent reason other than ""its slow"".Thanks for reading all of this, I just felt compelled to type out my thoughts after seeing all the negative reviews"
,Recommended,326480,17507959,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,tristegaroto.mp3,"10/10had a lot of fun reading trough the story, got me stuck most of the time.This is the first VN i played in my life, i don't have much experience in those types of games and i think it was a good choice to get started.I don't have much experience in reviews too soo... that's it :p sorry (just buy the game, it's amazing)"
,Recommended,326480,34681304,Posted: 2 September,all,Shirozawa,Best
,Recommended,326480,34780913,Posted: 6 September,all,GhostLK,"I'm gonna try and keep this short and It breaks me to say this but what ruins this Visual Novel is the bad translation and even obvious errors like mispelled words. I'm not into this for the H-scenes or anything like that but the way they censored the game is just ridiculous. If you understand at least a little japanese you can figure out how bad this game is translated, but at least you don't always need to read the bad translation if you understand it by just listening, even though you're still screwed when the protagonist is the one speaking (no voice). Idk to what extend the restoration patch helps with the translation because I only tried it once and It didn't work cause It's a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to make it work properly, but you should try and install it (there's guides that help you to do so) for the sake of the masterpiece the story is.The translation overall is understandable so you can move forward with the story, but sometimes it misses the mark by kilometers and It's kind of hard to understand or It doesn't even make sense, like in some parts that they aren't even following what the voice actors said.I think I made my point in what the flaws of this game is (didn't say them all, It's not like the game is perfect) but the story is already really good as it is, so If It had a good translation it would be even better. Now I just wish they wouldn't translate the game so badly, or that they would make a retranslation.PS: I'm sorry if I rambled too much or If I repeated a few (lot of) things"
76561198320706924,Recommended,326480,34269582,Posted: 15 August,all,dragonslayers98,It's wonderful.
76561198112347077,Recommended,326480,34898577,Posted: 12 September,all,Fateful,"Honestly i find this to be the best visual novel ever. I've seen plentiful visual novels and none compare to how amazing this one is. It keeps you occupied for hours at a time, if not days. The story is extremely alluling and keeps you hanging on the edge of your seat for more than you expect. To top it all off, the endings bring you to tears because of how heart-warming they are. I honestly hope there will be a season two for this, i would gladly spend my money on this again and again."
76561198238984700,Recommended,326480,34873211,Posted: 10 September,all,Karanwill70,"Wonderful game, plenty of content to go through as well."
76561198061567237,Recommended,326480,35333490,Posted: 30 September,all,Pixel-Sama,"This Visual Novel has a pretty good storywith great character development.It has a cute art styleand an enjoyable soundtrack.There aren't many choices to make,but it's not that bad tbh.Also, some backgrounds are often used,because of this some backgrounds do not fit pretty well to the actual scene.In addition, I recommend installing the Restoration Patch and the Sweet Love UI Patch."
76561198250788360,Recommended,326480,35362973,Posted: 30 September,all,Lord_Firnen,"This game is a great VN. It is an emotional rollercoaster that had me on the edge of my seat gribbing the keyboard in anticipation. Yes, some of the routes do suffer from translation errors, but the main route is nearly perfect and once you play the main the other routes you pretty much know the characters enough to tell what is being said. The visuals are beautiful, the cutscenes are riveting, and the x rated patch (cough, I mean, I would NEVER make a steam game 18+...) is all wonderful. Highly recommended. If it is on a sale you have no reason not to get this."
,Recommended,326480,35287586,Posted: 29 September,all,lance_61,"Despite how GREAT the Visual Novel, I'm utterly disappointed of an error that occur to meWith a high hope for finishing the game, I find that I can't continue the game after I shut down the PCThe game was suddenly not in library game (like it has already been uninstall and has been greyed out) even though I downloaded it and played it like 6 hour straight before. When I tried to reinstall it, t seems that the folder is existed and does not need to redownload the whole thing. Thats when I realised it can't be continued.I tried to open it after reinstall and there have been ""Microsoft Visual C++ Runtime Library error"" and i can't even played it anymore.It has been PLAYED in MY COMPUTER ONCE FOR 6 HOUR and for stopping to sleep for a night and found out that suddenly the game hasn't been detected in steam library and after that AND showing THAT ERROR after ""REINSTALLING"" it makes me disappointed in this game. I search for SO MANY WEBSITE AND DISCUSSION ON STEAM about how to fix this and none of those seem to fix the problem or just that too complicatedI realised that my review will not be looked or will not be considered by others as the Visual Novel has good rating and I believed that even creator will not even care about one bad review (since the game has completed). I really hope that I could play this game just like the first time I bought the game and I really hope that everyone can help me solve my problem as I am concern that there are other people that getting the same problem as mine.~I really want to finish this game and I can't refund it~   ;_;- Edited -Fix the game when resetting my pc, still upset about it. The solution has been given by our generous friend in the comment section so if someone had the same problem as mine, be sure to check it out (doesn't know if the method work or not). Otherwise, the game just as good as been told by other review"
76561198058916762,Recommended,326480,35509586,Posted: 5 October,all,c_cubed,tfw you'll never be in a glider club with cute animu girls.why even live.
,Not Recommended,326480,35523466,Posted: 6 October,all,☭AppleChopper☭,The masterpiece
