user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198004577398,Recommended,326410,15858217,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Phantom,"Its a good little gamePros - Lots of it... game looks nice, plays nice, loads quicklyThe bad -I'm going to harp on it a little bit but that doesn't mean I don't like it1.) Gameplay balance - Grog cocktail and the explosive shot that enemies get can OHKO you but good... If you run into grog fire even late game in a defensive build you are pretty much sunkDefensive skills are typically bad, with some rather obvious exceptions (speed and repair), support skills are generally bad with some rather obvious exceptions (100% luck, accuracy, range)...  Offensive is generally good,,, and completely necessary due to how much damage enemies do making the other trees a bad choice...For special you are then forced into offensive as the others don't synergize with anything really useful.2.) Pirates - As they get less cities they begin to spawn rapidly, when they are down to one city they can be all but an endless stream of ships...  Pro side of this is lots of exp, lots of loot, downside is it makes capturing the final city a lot harder than anything else there...  This is also the end game farming strategy... The late end game farming strategy is heroic instances and siege tower swarms.Cities should be able to make 1-2 ships each, and they should have a cooldown as they are constructed (possibly seen being build and bombarded to stop it)3.) Grindy - The game is quite grindy... the last ship costs 1,000,000 gold and then a bunch of materials... You can sell for 6k or so a pop of items from heroic instances, so maybe 60-120k per heroic go depending on how well you survive the mass swarm of pirates.  But its not just the last part that is grindy, most of the game is grindy...4.) Reward balance... Non combat rewards are worthless... questing = a few hundred gold, trading = a few hundred gold... sinking ships?  6000 gold half the time.  (basically 20-50x the reward of the others and its quicker and easier)Suggestions for improvement?1.) Towns build ships in the docks, they can be destroyed before being built2.) Towns have a cap of ships they can put out (the final pirate town shouldn't have access to 8 pirate ships that spawn endlessly)3.) Growing towns needs to be re-thought... It is terrible to do now...4.) Completely capturing regions should provide steady income to a player (more towns and level of towns more reward)5.) War instance - Just a stream of ships decking it out from each side... give a max # that can spawn... Maybe a DOTA style one...6.) Ships purchased and no longer used should be able to be assigned to a region to improve it... they just bounce around doing quests and trading in that area or whatever the town improvement model becomes7.) Unstack cooldowns... Right now fog is useless because it starts grogs countdown, its also bad because it has a delay...  Defiance is bad because of the same reasons and it doesn't really provide a ton of use... Hasty repair is good because it stacks with others... poison fog is bad because it starts grogs countdown... and while useful it isn't as good8.) Increase maps level caps (39 seems to be the max in maps, 54 in heroic instances... but I did have a 57 before it reverted next time) - Ok just clarify in game how to do this... as it isn't obvious9.) Make factions have more use... IMO they appear completely useless as of now...  Just more ships on the map that really do nothing different than yours (or pirates if you are default hostile)10.) Don't ""Liberate"" towns for other factions...  or at least allow the option... weird to help others for no reason in empire style games11.) Add heroic enemy ships...  Something only enemies get that are massive and deadly with good rewards and skill required to defeat"
,Recommended,326410,16261077,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Tommy Wiseau,"Before we get into the actual review lets establish a baseline. There isn’t a story in this game, you just do quests, combat and trading to acquire gold and experience so you can level up, get better items and better ships. With that being said, once you discover multiplayer servers you will never do anything single player again. Multiplayer servers have much more experience and gold than anything you will do in single player from early on in the game. I am writing this at the start of the review so someone actually reads it and doesn’t waste their time grinding out single player – like I did. It took me a few days of single player to reach level 20 and buy a handful of ships. It took me one day of multiplayer combat instances to reach level 50 from 20 and unlock all of the ships. My first impressions were that the game was really slow because I was playing it alone and offline. This view gets completely flipped on its head when I discovered multiplayer.You can log into a multiplayer server, join a heroic combat instance and just collect items in the sea that sell for a ♥♥♥♥ tonne of gold. While people who are of the appropriate level fight the pirates and you just soak up the map-wide experience. It’s pretty cheesey but a lot less dry than playing the game offline, alone. Also, the items you collect to sell take up your inventory rather than your cargo spaces which means you can collect a lot of them. I’ll address this point later on, but just be mindful of this – it’s huge. Once you get enough levels, gold and items from this scavenger type of play you can actually assist in the combat and drive out the pirates – which is good fun. Heroic combat instances are group oriented content so you can’t solo the ships very easily. You’ll need to work with the others on the server to defeat the pirates.The combat is actually fun and quite strategic. If you have a fast ship, you can position yourself in the enemy blind spot while you pepper them with your broadside cannons. You can also just zip around pirates and capture unprotected towns. If you have a defensive, slow ship, you can ram pirates or just be supportive and protect the more fragile ships in your fleet. If you’re a low level ship and clearly under levelled for the instance you’re in – you can still play a role. You can scout the fog of war and locate towns that need to be captured and sometimes capture a town yourself while the pirates are distracted elsewhere.With each level you get a talent point to spend on passives/abilities but the talent choices are pretty♥♥♥♥♥ A lot of abilities share cooldowns with each other so you’ll mostly use the same ability over and over again because they’re not particularly balanced. In addition to this, it’s easy to get levels so you never really specialise. You’re only ever a support/offensive/defensive ship in the early game when you don’t have enough talents to fill out everything.Overall the game is really fun. I’ve found that the online community are willing to help people who have just started and get them to a point in which they can contribute to big combat instances and be useful – which is when the game peaks for me.From this point on, I’ll talk about the single player but the above is the best part of the game and if you’re debating whether or not to pick up the game – base it on the above. Multiplayer servers are fun and so much faster to get gold, experience and items that you’ll will never need to or want to play solo at all.==================================================================================Solo PlayThese are your options for solo play:QuestsYou can do quests to get experience and gold from each town dotted in the regions. Doing quests levels the town in which you got the quest (up to a max of level 10). Level 10 towns sell better items, more ships and reduce prices of the goods. When you start a quest you get given an item that occupies a space in your cargo hold – so in the early game you can probably do around three quests at a time. It takes a mountain of quests to upgrade a town, so, if you have a small ship with three cargo spaces you’re going to be questing for a really long time before you get a level 10 town.The quests are pretty run-of-the-mill: deliver this, collect that, and kill this guy. They are fun while you’re learning the game but after a while they get stale. I think we can safely assume that if you’re questing it’s because you want a level 10 town. It’s a big grind. Alternatively you could just join a multiplayer server that already has level 10 towns and use those to save yourself a headache and a few hours.TradingThe trading was alright. You visit each town and it presents you with a list of what goods they have in excess and what they need – then you rearrange good between towns accordingly by sailing back and forth. We come back to this point, but the goods occupy the cargo hold (max of 5 spaces late game).The Problem with Quests and TradingOverall they’re slow, make less gold/experience than multiplayer server combat instances and are less fun. Quest items and trade goods occupy your cargo hold, in which you can have a maximum of 5 slots. Items found from multiplayer combat instances occupy your inventory which has 25 slots, no matter what ship you have.I am level 64 currently and each quest gives me about 500 gold and a good trade can earn me 1k-2k gold after a lengthy bit of sailing and working out which town needs which material/item. So this means I can earn around 5k from a full cargo-hold, from quests and trading. Each item in the cargo hold is very unlikely to be destined for the same town so I’m going to be sailing for a while, back and forward to different towns.Combat instances regularly drop items worth between 2-5k and I can hold 25 of them. This means I can have an awesome time fighting pirates and conquering the region alongside friends before I sail to one town and vendor all my spoils and earn my payday. I can acquire items used for my ship or just sell them. I can pick up aesthetic items to change the way my ship looks or just sell them and make bank. The questing and trading isn’t fun enough to warrant losing that much gold and experience. Whereas multiplayer combat instances are great fun, great gold and great experience so I’m not sure why you’d play alone.ExploringYou never explore in this game. Each map is made up of tiles that are covered by a fog of war. You sail around to reveal the fog of war and then take over the towns by sitting in them while pirates contest your actions. Each region is this, over and over again with a different spread of land masses. It gets dry pretty quick.The ReviewJoin a server and never play alone."
,Not Recommended,326410,17826480,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,falseprophet,"It was a good game. I'd say its worth 4-5$ for its singleplayer. The multiplayer part of the game is basically dead. There are about 10-20ppl playing this game. The admins, devs kinda ruined it with bad behaviour and using admin commands on the official server to give themselves advantages over all other players. There is nothing to keep you in this game for a longer time. After you have unlocked all perks (which takes a few hours) you beat the game. You can just grind more and more levels to get more and more percent more dps / armor... but it is really repetitiv and boring. Since you won't find more people in PVP with the little playerbase it doesn't even make sense at all. The game had a lot of potential and gets updated from time to time. The only reason not to buy this is because the best part is the multiplayer where you won't find any players and thus you might eventually find are on a extremly high level so you can't fight them properly.--- update:they released an android version which is cheaper.... so...."
,Not Recommended,326410,17019486,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Beowulf Chauffeur,"Though the game is extremely fun when starting out, the gameplay becomes incredibly grindy in mid-to-late game. Additionally, the friendly AI is probably among the worst I've ever seen - allies will extremely frequently ram you, pin you in, use offensive AoEs on you, etc. In many situations, your ""allies"" are a greater threat to your survival than your enemies."
76561197971948490,Not Recommended,326410,18697985,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Wraith_Magus,"Once again, I wish Steam had a neutral review option.  This game isn't really bad, it's just not any fun if you play single-player like I do.  If there's anything to really describe it, imagine an endless game of Call of Duty or Battlefield where there are 10 capture points, and the game is only over once every one of them is captured. Then, you move to a functionally identical new map and do it all over again... Except it's not first person, it's overhead with poor line-of-sight, it's MUCH slower, and the controls are frustrating because clicking to shoot an enemy at the top-right corner of the screen instead opens up the map.I went into this game wanting to really like it, but I just can't help but feel like it lied to me about what it really was...  EDIT: The game's developers have since rewritten the game's description to say, essentially, it's not even meant to be played single-player, but since that's the only way I would really care to play, it's more clear what it is to potential new customers, but doesn't change how I look at the game.For example, the game says that you can trade, and it even offers a trading faction, but then, trading doesn't really DO anything.  The game only helps you understand what trades are available within one small map which usually only has 4-8 towns, and all of which generally use the same commodities.  Also, to get better trade ships, you need to sink ships, which means that to play a ""peaceful"" trader role, you need to perform combat.  Combat gains you experience/upgrades, but trading doesn't, meaning that trading is basically an invalid way to play.You can name your own towns, but as soon as you've colonized an area, and kicked out anyone else trying to take control of it, there's basically no reason to stick around, and it's time to head off to the next area, completely forgetting all those areas you tried to build up, before.  You COULD found your own town, and work on growing it by hand for hours on end... or just take over a fully-grown town for a hundredth of the effort.  Towns have zero customizability past what they are named and where they are located, so there's zero investment in any of them.It's hypothetically capable of being played single-player, but there's very little reason you'd want to do so.  You move into an area, conquer it, then rinse and repeat the next island down the road.  Also, playing single-player, the instances, especially the combat instances, are nigh-impossible to win solo, as your side is outnumbered, the enemies tend to be stronger than your ship, so they respawn faster than you can sink them, and the main way to win is to simply grab what are overglorified capture points.  Without the coordination or intelligence of a human team, any time you grab a few towns, some others are lost, and any time you defend what you have, it's just an unlimited stream of the same enemies coming at you again and again until you get bored and quit.Obviously, some people are capable of having a good time being in some clans and fighting competitive games, but there's very little enjoyable gameplay for someone like me who actually wanted to play the trading and exploring aspects this game pretended it had, but really didn't have.   This game is only meant to be played as a nautical-themed DOTA MMO, and any other playstyle is invalid."
76561198014277673,Not Recommended,326410,15799878,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Oranix,"This game has many great points, and is a lot of fun. The combat and trading system is very well done.However, I cannot recommend this game. The game is a bit grindy and repetitive. My biggest problem with this game is that there are not enough options to defend the territory you have already captured. Once you conquer a region, pirates will continously spawn and take over unless you go out to meet them. And when you have 5-6 pirates all coming in at once from different parts of the map it can get extremely annoying.Sure, some people say you can build towers, but you can't build them too close together, and one tower is never enough against a pirate, let alone a group of them. Essentially, guard towers only delay the inevitable. Also, you can't control how many ships are in the region to defend your land. Theoretically you should be able to hire more ships to patrol your waters, but such a mechanic does not exist.If the issue of properly defending regions are addressed, I will recommend this game!---UPDATE 3/12/17----It's been almost two years so I hopped in on my old games to see if the problems have been address. No fix or gameplay changes were ever made! My review stands as is."
76561198062930115,Recommended,326410,15864349,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,DG Dobrev,"Wow, 3 hours in and I already can't help but give the thumbs up to this game. The maps are randomly generated and well drawn, the music and beautiful and thematic, the gameplay flows well, it is fast paced and engaging. While the start might be a bit slow, the game picks up big time afterwards - e.g., in your starting area you might be facing only a few enemy or pirate ships, while as the game progresses, there might be nothing BUT enemies... Wowie, those are some nail-biting engagements.Still, one can't help but compare Windward to one of the best games of this genre, Sid Meier's Pirates (let's shorten it to SMP for convenience). So let's see what the games does well, and what poorly.The GOOD:1. Like SMP, you are free to do whatever and go wherever. Wanna be a goods trader? Sure. Wanna hunt down every pirate on the map? Go ahead. Wanna help your factions towns to grow, thus ensuring yourself more lucrative quests? Yep, can do!2. Like SMP, you can still upgrade your ship with better hull, sails, armament, crew, etc.3. Unlike SMP, you don't need to worry about food, crew morale and mutinies. This is a VERY welcome decision by the developers.4. Unlike SMP, there is a RPG style progression. As you level up, you can unlock talent points, which can be spent on various trees governing ship strength, durability, speed, shot accuracy, cargo, diplomacy, etc. Great addition, supporting all styles of gameplay.5. Unlike SMP, if you lose a battle on the map (and you will!), you don't get marooned on an island, rescued, and forced to start with a basic sloop. You get to keep the type of ship you last died with AND its cargo. All you lose are the active quests. In other words, you don't get to punch the screen cause you just found some OP item and lost it due to death.6. Unlike SMP, battles are engaging and dynamic, and may easily include up to 7-8 ships, both friendly and enemy ones.7. Unlike SMP, where you very rarely fight more than 1 enemy ship, here you could be facing a lot. At one point you are on the verge of destroying an enemy sloop, the next moment 4 more enemies converge on you and you blow up before you are able to say ""oh shiiii...""8. Like SMP, there are factions who may or may not be at war with each other. This may turn a battle into an even bigger free for all fun time.9. Unlike SMP, your ship will fire automatically when faced with a clear shot at an enemy on any of the port or starboard sides. Like SMP, there are a few shot types, which can be manually activated - like chain shot for example, fired at close range to tangle the sails and reduce enemy mobility.10. Unlike SMP, you can have a bunch of followers (friendly ships) who actually fight at your side and don't brainlessly tail behind you to the next port.11. Unlike SMP, you don't get to keep the ships you capture, so no more skill-kills on stronger enemies just to give yourself some advantage. Could be considered a bad decision too.12. Unlike SMP, the quests are way more diverse - not constricted to ferry a governor, or some grain, or do stupid things to gain the favor of a governor's daughter just for the opportunity to look at her bosom up close.13. Unlike SMP, tactical thinking is the difference between spoils, life or death. Fight, run or tactically retreat for a while, repair and get back in? Up to you :)14. Like SMP, you can lose and (re)capture various towns and important map positions, thus gaining more experience and reputation with the various factions.15. Unlike SMP, hitting a shore actually damages your ship. In SMP; it used to happen only when you hit a reef or wade through a storm.16. Unlike SMP, followers can be commanded to do stuff for you, or protect various areas.17. Unlike SMP, you can purchase and build sentry towers and lighthouses to either give vision or defend a certain area, city or a bottleneck, which gives you time to react.18. Unlike SMP, this game actually has a decent multiplayer. What's even better, you can switch between SP, Co-op with friends and MP at will.19. Unlike SMP, this game can also be considered an MMO of sorts, as it has a very good number of populated servers, doing instances, fighting for sectors, and so on, and so forth.Short comment before we proceed to the BAD: the developers are committed and have already stated that they are working to improve the single player part with more quests, content and improved friendly AI.Long comment: At present, MP offers more than SP. Playing online will net you a better ship way faster than the do-it-yourself way. Everyone who whines and complains about SP should pick themselves a nice low-populated, built up server and go for it - why? Because it will still feel like you are doing SP, unless someone joins in. You will gain more money and you will upgrade your ships way faster.In all fairness, the developers understand us and have said that SP will improve. However, only in SP and low-pop MP servers can you get the satisfaction of flipping a whole map all by yourself. Don't ever forget that.Having said that, do not expect miracles in SP - it would be unfair if the devs bump up SP at the expense of MP, as any of the 3 aspects of the game (SP, Co-op, MP) must have some respect to the online part of the game.The BAD:1. Unlike SMP, you don't get to keep the ships you sink, unless you do a quest, which turns the enemy ship into your follower. No more skill kills on famous pirates just to capture their well-built ship... Could be a good thing too.2. Early game requires some grinding until you buy a slightly better ship.3. To me it feels like the game sort of forces you into some grinding to get a better ship before entering the next area, unless you like respawning a lot. Very much noticeable towards the 4-5th maps.4. On quite a number of occasions you might get overwhelmed, especially when entering enemy-controlled territory.5. Unlike SMP, there is no romance or siblings saving here. Could be considered a bad thing, as some people like to see some heart in a game.6. Learning how NOT to run aground could be a huge pain, as it takes a good chunk of your ship's health.7. Fair is fair: single player is a little lacking in content right now, and doing-it-yourself takes a good chunk of your free time. It's easily remedied if you go do some MP, but I fully realize it may not be everybody's cup of tea.The conclusion:With the amount of stuff the game does well, at the current 13€ price it is a really good buy. Being a MMO of sorts, you will double or triple the money spent on it as gameplay hours, maybe even do a tenfold if you get into it big time. As I said, I am three hours in and I am already hooked. I can't wait to sail the seas, capture stuff, sink pirates, haggle with merchants and... ferry passengers, I guess..."
76561198083778775,Recommended,326410,23464969,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Ðéjà Blue,"These are some Pros and Cons I just thought about:Pros:-Great Combat-Fun Gameplay-The Game is Rewarding enough-It's not ¨Pay to Win¨ or ¨Pay to Skip¨ as of yet.Cons:-The landmasses / Islands does not have many features to them. You can build Defensive Structures, Lighthouses or Cities. That's all. I would love to see some more stuff happening on the islands.-There could be much more loot to find. There could be Rare ships that you would have to find and destroy, in order to retrieve one or more special items, or you could implement a feature that allowed you to trade with ships. Maybe there would be rare traders who could be selling rare goods? I don't know, but I certainly think, that the game could use some new features."
76561198093942984,Not Recommended,326410,17607033,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Skin Bear,"Am 50/50 on the ""yes/no"" for reccomending this game or not... I ended up siding with no.Here is why.I bought it, I played it, I got bored with it. Very repetitive. Not a lot of different things to do. If you don't like multiplayer, or have friends to play with, then it just gets boring fast.Re played this for the first time in a while, and while I like some of the changes, its not enough to really keep my interest.If it were possible... if the devs are even reading these, make it so in single player mode the other factions can take over territory and expand as well. Otherwise... the game is just too boring for me. Sticking with no for a reccomedation to this game until I see something changed where the AI can expand or something,"
76561198007300752,Not Recommended,326410,15843210,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Blackadar,"EDIT / IMPORTANT INFORMATION - the developer also bans anyone who gives the game a thumbs down review from the Steam forums. Stay far, far away from a scam artist like this one.----Note that this review was done from the single player experience. And as a single player experience, Windward is woefully grindy and simplistic. That's not a good combination.There's nothing interesting to explore in Windward - the next map is a generic version of the last map. The game play is exceptionally grindy as you buy two or three goods (that's all your ship will hold for the first 10+ hours of any game), travel across the generic map to go to a different city and sell those two or three goods. You're thanking your lucky stars when you can sell both goods at the same city. And the cities take FOREVER to develop into anything remotely large, and there's no way to develop your cities beyond enduring this grind because the ""quests"" (all are either ""kill x"" or simple Fedex quests) level your cities even more slowly.Single player combat is nothing more than sailing in a circle waiting for the next hotkey to come up - it's like the worst example of level 1 MMO combat.So you move on from region to region, doing the exact same thing. There's no fundamental personality or purpose to the single player component. It becomes tedious very quickly and the known bug with pirate spawning rates (this is going to be fixed) only adds to that incredible annoyance. You're also pretty much on your own. You can have computer AI ships follow, but they simply fail to do so (or can't keep up), meaning that any battle you face will undoubtedly be on your own.MP is a different game. Windward is a better game when played cooperatively - it's easier to take down other enemies, coordinate strategies and so forth. But as a single player experience, Windward loses its luster quickly. Since that's what I like to play, Windward gets both thumbs down."
,Recommended,326410,15811748,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,The_Dude,"Captain's LogDay 1.I am swayed by promises of power into joining the Valiant faction, a faction renowned for its military prowess.My newly aquired ship resides at the port of Aswall, a small seaside town. The sea calls to me, and I am eager to set sail, but before I head off, I ask a local clerk if he has any assignments for me to carry out. As it turns out, a few passengers are in great hurry to get to the town of Seatoncreek, and I am also tasked with pinpointing the exact location of said town.This turns out to be easier than expected, as my passengers give me the location of their destination.After a few final checks, I finally set sail.My humble sloop, its sailcloth embroidered with the fearful image of a lion's head, drift across the sea. The few islands that pass are blanketed with the snow that fall mercilessly from the heavens. The cold has caused small islands of ice to form on the water's surface, but that does not stop me from reaching my destination.When I reach the port, I say goodbye to my passengers, who thank me for my services with a purse of coins. Delighted with my day's work, I decide to stay in Seatoncreek for the time being.Day 2.A notice board in Seatoncreek tells me of a notorious pirate known as Rasnaris, and about a bounty placed on his head. I decide to take up the hunt.As I travel south, I pass by a fellow ship of the Valiants. I travel with him for some time, and just when I am about to break formation, a ship flying black sails appears in the distance. I have found Rasnaris.A battle ensues, with my brave ally taking Rasnaris on head-on. I, on the other hand, unexperienced in battle as I am, decide to stay far away, firing volleys at Rasnaris from afar. After a battle that has us going back up all the way to Seatoncreek, Rasnaris finally begins taking in water, and sinks shortly after. Victory!Day 3.I pick up a few missions to ferry cargo to distant towns, and I get to know the local waters a bit better. I also come across a few pieces of floating cargo, that I greedily pick up. After some time, I come across another bounty, this time on a felon known as Kerhen. I decide to hunt him down.After some sailing, I find Kerhen. There is no time for proper introductions, as cannonballs instantly begin to soar through the air. This time, I am on my own.My vessel proves to be more well-equipped than Kerhens. He sinks to the bottom of the ocean, and I claim my reward.Day 4.I recive notice that a nearby town, Waber, has been capruted by pirates. I head towards it in order to investigate this matter further, and most of all see if I can attempt to recapture it.The town appears to be unguarded, and I capture it without any interference. As I enter Waber as its saviour, I am told that there are two pirates in the area. For the future safety of the town, I hunt them down and bring them justice.Day 5.This region is too peaceful. I crave for the screams of my enemies! I travel to one of the outer regions owned by the Valiant, which, supposedly, has a bit of a pirate problem. I am assured of this fact as I almost immediately come across a pirate settlement protected by a tower. I make short work of the tower and capture the settlement in the name of the Valiant.Day 6.I capture more of the pirate scum's settlements. None will stand in the way of the Valiant!As I get close to yet another one of their pitiful hamlets, I am greeted by two pirate ships. In my hubris, I take them both on. The mistake proves to be almost fatal. I sink the first one without much problems, but my hull has taken quite a few hits, which the late pirate's mate takes advantage of. At first, I try taking him on, only to notice that my hull won't hold. I retreat, hoping that my ship is faster than his. I am in luck, as this proves to be the case.Fate, however, does not favor me this day, as I run into a large island, preventing my escape. I have to face my adversary.I sail along the island's shore, hoping that I will, still, be able to outrun him. This time, however, he keeps up, and lines up for a broadside. I quickly and abruptly turn around and sail towards the front of his ship, moving me out of the line of fire. I fire a desperate volley at his ship, which proves to be more effective than I dared to think. The cannonballs rip through his sailcloth and puncture his hull, and he goes down to the bottom of the sea.Day 7. I have proven my worth to the Valiant. The region is under Valiant control once more. As I set sail for new waters once again, I gaze once more upon the mighty ships stationed in the docks of the more prominent towns. Huge vessels fitted with brass-lined cannons.Cannons that I, one day, will fire upon the enemies of the Valiant. And woe betide anyone that dares to stand in my way."
,Recommended,326410,16772885,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Emiraven,"A charming expedition through the pirate-infested waters of the Caribbean -- or the Norse fjords -- depending on where you sail.You start with a ship, and choose where to go and what to do in classic, to use buzzwords, ""open world"" ""procedurally-generated"" style.  Trade, quest, explore, or fight in pve or pvp battles.   Search ruins, pickup loot.   Level up, but better ships and equipment.   Diablo on the high seas.Pros:+ A physics engine that resembles real sailing, adding fun tactical possibilities.+ Polished UI, especially for an indy title.+ Great graphics and sound.   Very ambient and relaxing.+ A semi-MMO.  You can play in single player or on a LAN, but the best fun is joining a big server full of factions engaged in a tug-of-war.  Optional PvP.+ Helpful trading system so you know what's in demand and where.+ Nice customization options so you ""own"" your ship visually, and all without annoying micropayments.Cons (minor).+ Documentation a little light.  It's unclear how you unlock abilities.  Learning how to do the more advanced gameplay takes a little time.+ Ship customization is OK, but ship selection is fairly linear from what I've seen.A great buy for $10-$15, and solid entertainment when played in a group.Coded by one developer, if I understand correctly.   Well done, sir!"
76561198092352286,Recommended,326410,15807879,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,ValiantCane,"I am a huge fan of Sid Meier's Pirates! and have been wishing for years that Firaxis would make a new updated version of it. Windward is the closest thing to that game I have seen. Very similar naval battle mechanics to Pirates!, combined with 4 unique factions which cater to different playstyles, add in an MMO esque skill tree system, and an addicting loot/upgrade system and this game provides an incredible amount of entertainment.All of the maps are generated similar to other sandbox games and roguelikes. meaning there is near endless replay value here. The game can get repetitive as most loot grind games (Diablo, Borderlands) can after a while but since it offers diffrent ways for you to progress, it breaks that monotony up a bit. Get sick of combat? start just doing noncombat trade missions, sick of trading? Just start exploring. Wanna play offline and fight AI pirates? Go for it. Wanna do some PVP large naval battles, hop on a busy server and have at it. Your ship and skills are persistant, meaning whether you are playing offline or on you can still progress your abilities and gear.One of my only concerns with this game is that I hope the dev (there is only one) keeps working on it and adding to it, because It has the potential to be even better than Pirates! if he expands on his base game.  I highly recommend this game for anyone who was a fan of Pirates! or strategy games and even rpgs, at the very worst it is a good time killer worth 15 bucks easy, but personally I think the sky is the limit for this game."
76561198064936633,Not Recommended,326410,27915498,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,wordwaster,"only buy if you are interested in the multiplayer.ai factions do not expand without player interaction, which means that none of the factions function in single player. except the faction the player is a part of, they all just sit in their starting position doing nothing.the devs and fanboys can say whatever they want about it; but the truth is that single player was never completed and this is therefore an incomplete game being sold as a complete one.i generally dislike multiplayer.   if i had known that single player was nothing but a shell of a game, i wouldn't have bought this.   unfortunately i didn't notcied that the other factions weren't doing anything until after i had already played too long to get a refund."
,Recommended,326410,23410667,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Rufus Poppycock,3 hours of fun for 10 bucks... Can't make two beers last that long so I call this a win.
76561198007359613,Recommended,326410,15802510,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,SaintD,"Windward is a wonderful little gem. The dev clearly had the discipline not to try and cram all sorts of additional doodads and whizzbangs to try and pad out the game, which, combined with actually using the Early Access platform in the manner one would expect it to be used, has resulted in a game with pleasing core gameplay and a smooth, customiseable experience that can be as casual or psychotically unfair as you want it to be.At the time of release Windward concentrates on the core basics of it's gameplay; sailing and fighting. Sailing around the map is a weirdly pleasant experience for the most part, since the game throws realism overboard and makes controlling your ship easy and forgiving. Let's face it, people like the aesthetic and theme of the Age of Sail, but you don't want to be struggling to get your bloated wooden whale around the place. Instead, Windward lets you concentrate on deftly threading your ship through a tiny gap in the procedurally generated island chain, or weaving about scooping up bits of flotsam and jetsam as loot. Simply moving around is fun, or certainly vastly more tolerable than the majority of games at the worst.Fighting is where the game really throws down it's arcade leanings, with guns automatically firing from both sides of your ships at the closest enemies, while you try to maneuver yourself into optimal position. And then you use an ability that hurls a flaming barrel at a cartoonish angle into your foes, setting them all alight. With one tongue firmly in your cheek, you can expect combat against entrenched pirates to rapidly descend into an all-out brawl between half a dozen ships, hopefully some of them on your side, pretty much constantly.It's great fun, and thrives on simplicity at it's heart. You lose hours without even realising that you've just been going back and forth across a map, performing missions to move cargo and passengers around, maybe blowing up a pirate now and then. It gets worse when you discover the button that sets up an instanced combat map, allowing you to fight a war of conquest to clear a map of pirates, before returning to your main game world.The best part is that Windward is currently a perfect foundation. For people who like indie games with potential, Windward is worth keeping an eye on, as its current pleasing focus on getting the real basics right means there's a sturdy framework to expand in Terraria-esque fashion."
76561198042263702,Recommended,326410,15789550,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Brahmin Herder,"I cannot reccomend this game enough. I binge played it all day yesterday, and had a great time. This is definitely best played with friends. I played solo for about two regions, but when my friends bought it too I got so much more out of the game.It's very comparable to Sid Meier's Pirates. Here's some of the main simularities:- Camera Angle- Economy (Buy at one place, sell at another for a profit)- Regions can develope- Many ships to choose from, with different play styles- Different types of ammunition to utilize (However, in Windward you level up to unlock them)Here are some of the differences:- No crew moral- You don't control when your ship fires it's normal attack, it's just a steady stream of iron flowing from your cannons.- There are regions in this game, you can liberate them for your faction. Once liberated, trade and quests open up.- Coop!- No shanty esque music :c- Good music (despite lack of shanties)- Bigger naval battles- No landing party, and capturing a city is as simple as killing all the pirate ships around it and camping it.- Can build defence towers to help hold your land- Periodic pirate invasionsOverall, I highly reccomend this game. It's a very fun pirate game to get into. You've got a lot of choice in customization, and I'd say this game is very replayable. Right now, I am going to go from playing a coop server with my two friends, to a large server with 34 people playing on it. I have no doubt this will become a classic"
76561198023854720,Recommended,326410,14184819,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,RockinRaoul,"HIGHLY recommended. This is a game that will fool you at first into thinking it's simpler than it is. It's easy to pick up and play without any instruction, although you may not understand the significance of your choices for the initial map and options at first. I played for HOURS, thinking ""I like this game"" before I realized that ""the map"" was still just the *first* square on the larger map.After 19 hours, I'm only on the fourth square, still in my first game, and discovering this game has great depth. I'm already looking forward to learning more detail about the specifics about the game AI. I have yet to encounter any of the other factions yet, and would probably play this first game for 50 hours or so before I start to encounter them.  I've changed the options to slow the gameplay a little (80 or 90% speed) so that I can be more strategic, but I love the fact that it is up to the user to decide whether to slow that down (or speed it up).  This is a game where you can easily spend a couple of hours a night for a *month*, building your faction, before you finally finish it. If you do. I dunno, I'm still on my first game.The graphics are great (even at lower settings!), the ship movements and finishing touches are wonderful.  Night and seasonal effects: the snow drives me crazy with a feeling of movement (just as it would in RL). ;)  And as I am learning of what is typical of anything from Tasharen games (StarLink and now Windward), I have yet to encounter anything that faintly resembles a bug. And this one isn't even officially released yet.  As a veteran of 30+ years of software development, this developer has earned my total respect for what he's doing here. And the developer of NGUI for Unity too.Folks, I never heard of Tasharen before StarLink (which is one of my fave games on my tablet), and I have no connection other than I appreciate great software when I see it. I don't normally take the time to review things, but I have 3 important words to say, to anyone looking at the pics and video and thinking they *might* like it: BUY THIS GAME.If you *think* you might like this one, you will. It's not for everyone, but anyone who likes this kind of thing will be shocked at how much depth this has, once they start to get into it."
,Not Recommended,326410,28363392,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,id10m,"I'm torn on this because there are things I like about Windward, but ultimately I can't recommend it.Pros:It's pretty.Sailing is fun.Cons:It gets boring fast, because (as far as I can tell*) there's no real story or point to it,Quests are generic ""Sail to X, pick up Y, deliver to Z, kill this pirate"" kinds of things that all run together after a while.Combat devolves into ships just circling each other until one of them dies.What I wanted was something like Sid Meyer's Pirates! (original or remake, they were both fun) but what I got was essentially Gratuitous Sea Battles. It's a shame because the engine is solid and the game looks great, but there's not a lot here beneath the superficial shiny.* - devs maybe there's an amazing story and end game that I just didn't discover in 10ish hours of play and if so I humbly apologize and hope you'll drop me a line to let me know."
76561198007695865,Recommended,326410,14442499,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,ValkyrieMoon,Windward is so much deeper then I thought. After 24 hours of play I am still learning. One of the best games I have played in a long time. I find myself wanting to play more and more. Also has great Singleplayer and Co-Op gameplay. I Really cant say enough great things about it. Fantastic game especially for early access.
,Recommended,326410,15880759,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,VanDamn,"...Yo ho, yo ho, a pirate's life for me....Uhm, oh. Hi there! You are probably looking for a review, right? Well, then:Why I bought this gameBefore buying a game I usually look for gameplay videos first. Trailers are great to convey the story, but they often don´t say much about the in-game experience. Luckily, the store page already featured a gameplay video with the Dev explaining.This game has a lot of potential to become a large MMO, as it is very unique and currently the only one of this particular genre. The scaling of players (scaling lower players up in higher-lvl areas, and higher players down in lower areas) allows for co-op play without restrictions, e.g. in combat-instances.What to expect from this gameI´d tag this game as RPG/Action/Strategy/Tower-defense. To get an in-game experience I recommend watching the gameplay video.You control a ship, sailing on shallow waters around chains of islands, fighting pirates, questing or trading. When starting you can choose any of four factions, each with its own benefits and penalties. The gameplay can be whatever you like it to be - peaceful questing and trading, PvE, or even PvP. You can play either alone, starting your own instance with nobody able to enter except by invite, or play on the regular map where you will cross paths with other players.As you progress and level up, you will find better loot, more gold, buy better ships, equip better gear/crew/captains. You can also join more factions, one unlocking at level 50, another at 150, as well as the option to join the pirates.The large server-map consists of multiple area-maps, with each having different difficulties the further they are to the factions spawn point. Once you reach a certain level, you will have outgrown the regular map content. To progress further you will have to join or create yourself an instance.Instances are private area-maps that are generated according to your level. Nobody can enter your instance unless invited by you. You can also team up with others and try to finish a heroic (much harder) instance, which will give you much better loot.The game can be played in single player, local co-op, internet multiplayer. You can also host games yourself, available in the online serverlist. The game is moddable.Downsides of this gameThe only problematic thing about this game is: It is terribly addictive.You have been warned...Starting TipsValiant: CombatConsulate: TraderSojourn: ExplorerExchange: All-rounderStart by doing quests. Trade as soon as you have enough gold. Buying every ship is very expensive, check which one you want. Team up and join instances for better loot.LinksCheck out the WikiBeginner Guide in the Community HubHosting your own server"
76561198207824135,Recommended,326410,23044449,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,lucylynn,"Played this little unique game for many hours,and enjoyed it,playing online with a friendly group -l play on Tasharen server-made it a rewarding experience.It`s a light ""play me for 10 minutes or 5 hours"" game.Great stress-buster.And for it`s size-it`s beautiful to look at!"
76561198131695423,Recommended,326410,15810253,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,The Cornishman,"The gameplay dynamic in Windward goes from calm, controlled and thoughtful (if you're looking for trade routes and quests to build up your towns), to outright mayhem and sudden and repeated death (if you've ventured into a tough pirate region, or a combat instance).These are some basic facts to know, if you're considering a purchase:The game begins with creation of a World, somewhat under the control of the creator, in terms of its shape, the challenges it will present, and some other global features.  The world consists of a large number of rectangular regions, each of which contains a procedurally generated terrain and oceans, with a few coastal towns scattered in each. The next decision is to choose your starting faction.  There are several Windward factions, all of which are allies by default, and each comes with a different set of advantages and drawbacks, which are described to you when you're asked to choose: maybe you want to get rich as an Exchange captain, or rampage the seas wiping out pirates with Valiant, or ... the choices are yours.You will begin in a Challenge Level 0 area (be thankful!) which will be peaceful enough to get familiar with sailing your sloop between ports around the map.  If you haven't watched the introduction video to get a feel for the gameplay, do it now!Although the game is *all* about sailing, and it's calledWindward, this isn't a sailing ship simulator.  Your craft will make its way directly into the wind, if you like to point it that way, although more slowly.  There's a certain amount of wind variation, but you'll never get a flat calm, nor a storm to sink you.  You have simple controls to speed up, slow down and steer to starboard or to port (right and left, for landlubbers :).  You can even warp backwards at low speed, necessary if you're stuck up some creek, and your hull is taking damage from being aground.With limited gold at the start, and very much like Commander Jameson in the original Elite, you have few options for climbing to the top: you need to get some weapons, some experience with which to buy talent points, and to build or find more advanced towns which will sell you more advanced ships.Some reviewers have described the early phases of the game as 'tedious' and 'grinding', and if you're an adrenaline junky who doesn't want to take the time to grow your ship and your XP, you might agree.  For my money, the calm and thoughtful elements are just as absorbing and rewarding as the maniac battles against fleets of pirates.  Make no mistake, though, you will encounter piracy early in the game, and you'll get sunk by gloating pirates often enough to make you want to get back at 'em.The visual aspect of the game is excellent: the water and landscape are animated, there are flocks of gulls and shoals of fish, the clouds drift across the sky in the direction of the prevailing wind (which, incidentally, changes direction slowly but constantly - sometimes it's better to plan a journey that doesn't take you into the teeth of the wind).  The sound too is well-chosen, with informative sound effects for game events, and music which matches the peacefulness or otherwise of your situation.Options for single-player play, multi-player on LAN or Internet servers and invitation-only 'instances' all exist, which means that you can be as solitary or gregarious as you wish.  The developer has been very accessible and attentive during Early Access, updatingWindwardalmost every day for the last six months, and there is a helpful community on the Steam forums to answer your questions.At the price, you won't find many better ways to spend enjoyable hours with a game.  I thoroughly recommend it."
76561198032776299,Recommended,326410,12462117,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Rusty Shackleford,"Have you ever played a space game like Freelancer, Starpoint Gemini, or the X series? Well this game is sorta like that, but instead of space stations, space ships, and...space, it is towns, seaworthy ships, and lots of water.This game does really need more to do, as it is somewhat simplistic at the moment. It is charming in that way, but I would like to see ways to change faction relationships through war or favor type quests, ways to recruit NPC ships to fight along side you, bounties set on specific roaming ships, etc. Basically because it is so close in gameplay to those space games I mentioned, I definitely feel like there is some other gameplay features that can be borrowed from those games.I would also like to see more direct ways to improve a towns growth. Maybe let me use some of those resources I have been gathering to purchase direct upgrades to towns? Also multiplayer has the potential to be alot of fun if you can get it so a good number of people are competing for territory on the same map and have something sort of like ""Age of Booty"" going on.I really hope the dev puts a little more time into it. It's a fun game for now, but way too many pirate themed games get rushed out and forgotten. Without some more depth, this game could suffer the same fate."
,Recommended,326410,15804198,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Ryjeon,"A love letter to Sid Meier's Pirates, Windward succeeds at expanding the naval and tactical combat of that classic game, despite paring down the story and setting elements that makes Pirates so memorable. The result is an emergent action-strategy game based on capturing strongholds and navigating naval engagements sometimes involving several ships. Ship combat is the heart of Windward but there are also simple trading, questing and faction reputation systems to play with as well.While Windward is a fun single-player experience, it really shines in multiplayer with both local hosting and dedicated servers that let you drop in with your personal ship and join in on the pirate-hunting and faction wars with a community.With it's unique and streamlined blend of strategy, simulation and rpg elements, and slick presentation, Windward is game worth checking out right now."
,Not Recommended,326410,15828695,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Tide,"It's an fun game for an hour or two but after that...Game gets repetitive quick.You have a few options in this game.1. You can do combat.2. You can trade.3. You can do quests.4. You can adventure.Now besides combat, trading and questing are very similar.With trading you begin at town A get rumors/find out what towns need said item then visit said town and sell. Rinse and repeat. That's trading.With questing, you accept quests at said town A to maybe ferry passengers to town B and you simply visit town B.This quickly becomes a grind/bore. Not much variety to this game besides better ships and gear.For adventuring, you go around the map till you find new town/villages or if you have scuba gear you can find wreckage around the map."
,Not Recommended,326410,30767572,Posted: 27 March,all,Mona,"If you're looking for a game about exploration or high-seas trading in a setting inspired by the golden age of sail, this isn't it. The game is combat focused and designed as a multiplayer experience, full stop. It's not something you can play by yourself unless you really enjoy the feeling of being the only person on an MMO server. So when the description said ""Windward can be played by yourself"", it's in the same sense that one could set up a private WoW server and play alone: technically possible, but really what's the point? If you aren't planning on playing multiplayer, then I wouldn't recommend buying this.You can't get tied up in a conflict between factions in the way you could in say Uncharted Waters (1991) because none of the factions do any kind of building or planning without a player's direct input; the only ones actually fighting and trying to expand are the pirates, but only when a player is in a zone they're trying to expand in and even then it's completely one sided since no one but the player takes direct action against them (there's no adjacent factional forces invading a pirate occupied zone while you're in it for instance) and the NPCs will do nothing but protect the handful of meager settlements they start off with, never establishing new ones or trading between them to build them up.Outside of new towns and endless shipwreck pieces, there's nothing to discover (for instance there's no tribal villages, ancient ruins, or landmarks for you to find and the cultural designs of the architecture are aligned with the biome of the zone, meaning every town in a temperate biome looks exactly the same) and the rough shape of the game world is revealed when it's first generated. You can't pick a direction and endlessly sail off into the horizon because the game is divided up into small, randomly generated sectors which often times don't even match the previous zone's geography at all.Trading resources between towns will eventually make them grow, but ultimately is an inefficient way to earn money compared to just fighting combat instances and since as far as I can tell the only thing you lose on death are quests (which even in high risk zones aren't worth the effort to complete, meaning there's no real penalty for death) and there's absolutely no resource management aspects to running the ship the only reason to bother with trading at all is to increase the size of the cities.  You don't have to buy food, or pay your crew, or worry about ship configuration or maintenance costs, and if you manage to get blown up your ship just magically reassembles itself back at port no worse for it.The AI is so atrocious that trying to capture high level zones more or less requires a friend to play with you because the AI is apparently incapable of playing defensively or prioritizing targets. Meaning they'll completely abandon their one controlled city while it's being shelled by pirates to instead try to take out a guard tower on the other side of the world, rather than say, forming a blockade with the majority of their forces and sending a few more powerful units out to capture new cities. The AI is so bad they've managed to lose tight corridors dotted with guard towers on either side because they refuse to defend, even as the enemy AI takes out each tower one by one.While the game is beautiful and the combat is tight and punchy (if a bit MMO-styled), it's too simple to really hold you, and for a game set in the age of discovery there's not much out there to find."
,Recommended,326410,15994041,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,EtrnL_Frost,"It's strange, this game.  It's disarmingly simple, and to it's core is nothing but a series of fetch quests in perpetuity over randomized maps.  Yet... the way it's put together makes it very addicting.  In the lulls between combat, the game takes on a completely different feel - calming and soothing as you deliver goods to various cities.  You can make it as stressful as you want - should you go where the winds take you, or try to powerlevel a city to max, so you can buy that one last boat?  Up to you!  Then when the cannonballs hit the hull, there's just enough variety of both loot and skills that there's more than one way to sink a ship.Disarmingly simple.  The smallest sandbox game you can buy.  No false advertising here.8/10- That moment when you realize it's a grind.- Multiplayer seems half fleshed out."
,Recommended,326410,15812290,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,CommissarBRO,"Impressions:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tYdC3rQ81PkFor years, I've searched for a worthy successor of Sid Meier's Pirates! and this game comes pretty damn close. Foregoing the over the top personality and story elements that immerse you in the Caribbean, this game instead optimizes the combat, navigation and creates massive randomly generated worlds for you to sail around and to blow ships up in. You have skills, both passive and active, which make you a more effective combatant and if you'd rather just play the merchant game, you can sail amongst a massive number of towns building up large sums of gold. Also, the music is ridiculously relaxing in this game and top down sailing has never been so pleasurable. This game is incredibly promising and already a heck of a lot of fun with four different factions to battle between and a large number of ships to sail. You can expect I'll definitely spend some more time in this Age of Sail foray."
,Not Recommended,326410,18424174,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Suppen,"Fun for a few hours, then it's just grinding"
,Recommended,326410,15966923,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Radoo,"First, when I saw the game on Steam, I wasn't sure if I should buy this game or not. I did a little bit of research, and I saw many reviews and YouTube videos that showed only some aspects the singleplayer game. In this review I will try to answer some of the questions I had when deciding if this game is worth the money.Short descriptionThe game is a sandboxed naval Action-RPG. In essence, ignoring the naval part, it's pretty much Diablo III, but:- with cool loot;- with 100+ players multiplay (not 4 like in Diablo III; OK there are instances which are limited to a handful of players, but WoW has this too, and that's a MMO);- real procedural generated world.Things many reviews missedI won't be speaking much about things that you will obviously find in every review or gameplay video you find. With that in mind, here are a few things I wanted to know about the game before the buy, and couldn't find a fast answer to:-How is your progress saved?You create a user name that has an unique ID (I guess) associated with it. The user information is saved locally on disk (as a backup), and also on Steam Cloud, so basically, you can never lose your progress.-What about multiplayer progress?When you log to a server, or even your own game instance, that can be shared with your friends, you will use the same user name already created by you. Your progress will be saved on Steam Cloud. You can switch to any number of servers you want, you will still have the same XP and loot as before.-How do the multiplayer servers work?The servers are independent, you can make one of your own, the developer shared all the info you need to create a dedicated server on the community forum. Each server is not related to another, and all your progress, as mentioned before, is saved on the Steam Cloud. Each server can be configured to have admins. Admins can ban players for cheating or for breaking any of the rules that may govern the server. The ban is server-based (it's an important factor, as I though cheaters could be banned forever from any servers, but there is no Steam ID ban unfortunately).-So there are cheats and hacks?Yes, they are, and the people using them can mess up your fun a little bit, but there are ways to get pass these issues:1. The world maps has many zones, so one cheater can't being all the zones;2. The admin can ban the cheater;3. One night, many servers were hacked and some players got respawned a few times and levelled up fro 100+ levels, and some wanted to go through that levelling process doing trading quests, killing pirates, capturing zones from other factions (yes, there are a few factions, you can find all about it all over the Net) or by doing combat instances with other people. In this case, you could revert using your local backup (everything is documented on the community forum).Final words on cheating: there will always be people which will try to cheat or hack, the important thing is that, in this game, those people are rare, and it can be dealt with them.-Are there any bugs that might affect my progression?There were in the past. Most bugs that appear these days don't affect your progress, but may affect some actions you do in an area; usually there is a workaround. The important thing is that the developer is very involved into this project, and replies to most of the feedback he receives. He didn't abandon the game like others do with their game.Final Words - Is it fun?I played the game in singleplayer mode for the first 10 levels. It was nice, but I could feel like it will get boring soon. I jumped into a multiplayer Internet server, and never look back on singleplay.In the multyplayer mode, players chose different factions and can conquer areas of the map controlled by others or the pirates. So the areas change all the time, and may not be the same from your last login. Also, some servers do resets, which may change the way the worlds look. You can also do multiplay combat instances where you coop with others to remove all the pirates on the map, get the loot, level up, get new cool items and spend points on actions. You can also get flags that you can use to switch factions (there is even a pirate flag, Arr!!). There are many of things you can do to keep you entertain for a couple of hours or more each day, I won't spoil your experience by talking more about them.Probably, there is a point in time where you can say you are bored, but I didn't find it yet. So, YES! For me, THIS GAME IS PRETTY FUN! And for ~13 euros / 15$, it's one of the best investment in a game I ever made."
76561198006541362,Recommended,326410,15942329,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,stranger1982,"Windward gives you the chance to explore,trade and fight in a randomly generated world: whether you're doing it with friends,random people or alone the result is a very fun albeit quite simple game.PROS:-Windward manages to get the ""just one more quest/trade/fight"" concept right, it can easily get pretty addictive and take quite alot of your time while you try to gather more money, get some equipment or capture a city-simple graphics,but with a good overall style-four factions to choose from,the bonuses they get arn't game-changing but are good enough to provide some flavour to them,also two more factions you can unlock during gameplay-good amount of ships to choose from-countless different equipment choices of different rarity,you also get a decent amount of ship customization (hull/sails/emblem colour and type of emblem)-several skill sets to choose from,you can also mix and match from them. There's also three different specializations you can put points into.-decent amount of servers and good playerbase for those wanting to try multiplayer, sadly the EU server selection is limited thoughCONS:-overall sound design is very simple, even a bit barren perhaps, music is also nothing to write home about-can get grindy, especially when you're trying to improve a faction's reputation or leveling a city-pvp is generally unbalanced,the player with the better ship usually wins easily, same goes for equipment, this can lead to a good amount of griefing on pvp servers/ contested zones-pirate spawn rate can get annoying very fast, freeing a region when every ship you sink respawns in less than a minute and often comes straight back to you gets aggravating. This can be solved by coming back with a better ship but,again,it means you'll be in for a possibly long grind. Grouping will make things easier ofc.-game progression is unbalanced towards instances, where you can easily sink pirates for a good amount of money/exp/loot: in contrast trading/questing progression feels way slower reward-wise (even though a recent patch improved money/exp rewards at least). This also means you'd enter a server and find that most people are just playing instances, leaving the sandbox world feeling barren.-NPC AI is pretty stupid overall, they wont react when they're in a collision course, they often get in your way and, during fights, do not maneuver well and might get stuck on landhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=441657540Overall Windward has its share of flaws and, generally speaking, is a pretty simple game when you look at how combat and trading works: despite this it's still a very fun game though. It can provide a relaxing experience and some pretty frantic fights especially when going against other players (provided you're of similar level to ensure a fair fight).If you're looking for a well crafted sandbox game that isn't too complex then this game will provide a good amount of game time before you can consider your adventure ""complete"", just be mindful of its limits and whether they might affect your overall enjoyment."
,Recommended,326410,23666917,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Biohazard☣JP,"A very watertight constructed game, pun intended. I have enjoyed many an hour with friends sailing, expanding our faction, looting, and sinking other ships. And thanks to the fantastic score in game, as well as the weather effects, you can find yourself playing for hours on end. I truly enjoyed my time with this game, and I do not intend to stop playing any time soon.Winward has a distinct ""Table Top"" game feel that sets it apart from most others in the genre. I highley recommend Winward to everyone. At the price it is at this game is a steal, worth every cent."
,Recommended,326410,32891003,Posted: 27 June,all,Cowise,"The ultimate relaxation game. Chill out to calming music and sail the high seas, take out pirates or succumb to piracy of your own. I took a chance on this game and it became one of my favorites in my entire library."
,Recommended,326410,24713492,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Faize,"This game is definitly worth the $5 I spent on it. It is a peacefull and relaxing game that you can pick up anytime and play for 5 minutes or 5 hours. The music is suiting and sounds great and the graphics are great for the style of the game. With that said the style is very unique and fitting for a 2.5D game. The singleplayer is well built. It offers great customization of the active map and of the 6 diffrent factions. It really hit the nail on the head with the online function of the game. Not a lot of games that have both singleplayer options and multiplayer options can flawlessly pull it off. The online portion of the game features a compony spacific server aswell as other servers that poele can creat them selvs. The Tasharen server being the main server has one of the best comunities on it. Player to player interaction is spot on. The game even has a great pvp system to it. This game is not an mmo and yet I would have to say that it hass better pvp then a lot of mmos that I have played throughout the years. I will say for the time that this game has been out that it has hit some rough patches. However, This game is in my top ten favorit games and would recomend it to everyone."
,Not Recommended,326410,16527393,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Becks,"It was fun for a while. But because of the serious lack of end game most players lose interest after playing for 3-4 days. Right now the top server has <20 players online, compared to 100+ a month ago. Unless there are some serious late game mechanics implemented game goes nowhere but you can enjoy it for what it is for a few days."
,Recommended,326410,15800170,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,beebs,"What is there to do in Windward? You run cargo, fight pirates, explore, build colonies... and, eventually, can even PvP against other ships' captains from the other factions -- if you so choose.The game is *gorgeous*. The water in particular is rendered incredibly, and seeing wrecks below the surface... awesome.I've played the game for a number of hours, and it can fit any mood. Feel like sailing around and delivering cargo? Check. Want to send some pirates to Davey Jones' Locker? It can do that. Want to hop online and PvP? Sure. The game even supports mods and has a detailed guide on how to do so in the Steam forums.Two thumbs up!"
,Recommended,326410,12482871,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Piece o' Hans,"I enjoy it.AI can be a bit hit and miss, sometimes just ramming into land, other times engaging in ""epic"" battles.The water looks beautiful, clouds are nice, the overall aesthetich is good.The developer is hard working and close at hand, listening and replying to the community.The price might be off-putting, but to me it was well worth it! It's a lot more polished than certain other Early Access games.I've always had a very soft spot for sailships though, so my opinion is biased, take it for what it's worth watch a video or two, try the demo (comming soon) before you decide."
76561197994834498,Recommended,326410,12494848,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Andy Dwyer,"Wow is this game good. It's so good, but so unknown, this is my first review on Steam to raise awareness.If you have a basic knowledge of sailing, and like sailing, this game is really fun.There are a few bugs, but even for early access this game is really complete.There isn't a huge amount of tutorials, but I figured it out pretty quickly. It's not a super complex game, but it is really fun and calming to play after a long day of work. I'll do a quick pro/con list now, cause that's what the cool kids do.PROS:CalmingFun if you know how to sail, even a little bit.A new concept for a gameVery complete for being on early accessA pretty deep game with a lot of replay value due to the generationSeems like a decent late game concept, but I haven't really reached it yetCONS:Pirates a bit too easy sometimes, you can pin them in a corner, and they can't handle itGuard towers do too much damage, you can beat any ship in the game by pinning it with a guard towerA bug that makes you restart your game when changing zones, saying there was some conflict with placing objectsReally the only reliable problem seems to be the difficulty most of the time.ITS LIKE REALLY GOOD AND FUN AND RELAXING AND STUFF."
,Not Recommended,326410,17520052,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Minibot,"Maybe I haven't played enough of this game to write a review, but for me, if I'm already thoroughly bored after 2 hours, it means the game is not worth playing.The beginning of games is usually my favourite and I usually get bored towards the endgame, but I'm already bored after 2 hours of Windward.Pick this up, bring it there. Or! You could buy this and bring in over there instead, for a tiny profit, which will let you buy a new ship in a few hours. Kill this guy. Again. The quests are extremely repetitive and simple.The game is beautiful but it's not enough for me.On multiplayer another player was nice enough to give me a lot of gold and I was able to buy the second ship right away, instead of after an estimated 3-4 hours of playing, but it hasn't changed anything for me, except that I move slightly faster and kill pirates a little better.I don't recommend this game, unless it gets a serious price cut."
,Recommended,326410,12462044,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Wuffell,"My first session of this game lasted over 5 hours, I guess that shows how much I like the game.I bought the game after watching the second video, which is 30 minutes of gameplay. It showed me enough to get me hooked, so that's probably the best video for you to watch.The mechanics of thing game are simple, though there's a ton of this game I haven't reached yet. Each time you play the game, you're in it for the long haul. I haven't tried multiplayer, but I think it would be interesting as long as people kept using the same gear and you just play the game periodically. A shorter skirmish type multiplayer mode would be interesting.The atmosphere of the game is great. The peacetime music is relaxing and the wartime music is engaging.You really set the pace of this game. If you want to fight enemies, you can do that within a few minutes. You can start doing missions very quickly, and trading. Most of the missions are dead simple, and trading is dead simple too. I don't think they should be any more complex than they are, otherwise I think it would ruin the simple mechanics to the game. That's my own personal opinion of course.The only bug I have seen so far has been that some pickups in the ocean have resulted in an error saying the object wasn't known. I'm sure that will get fixed in due course.The game could use a tutorial to explain some of the mechanics behind combat and questing. Most of it can be picked up easily enough, though I'm still uncertain why my ships aren't firing as often as the enemy ships. Maybe my equipment is still just that bad?It could also be that the basic ships just don't fire as often or as many shots.The abilitites, inventory, talents and fast travel options can all be right clicked on to re-bind. It doesn't tell you what the current key binding is, but it lets you bind a new key.Overall I'm very happy with this purchase and I'm keen to see the new content that is brought out."
76561197966058769,Not Recommended,326410,16312196,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Mithryno,"On the face of it, it looks like it's going to be really fun, but somehow it's not.The randomly generated landscapes are somehow all the same and unimaginative, and each playthrough on each map is dull.It turns into a grind."
76561198397323983,Recommended,326410,32606137,Posted: 20 June,all,KingCringe,"shallowone review i read of this game saidit was ""shallow""anyone who thinks this game is shallowhas missed the boati at first thought it was perhaps shallowi played it on and on cause i thought it was pretty lookingand somewhat relaxing...just splashing waves across the seai am a port royale playeri am a patrician playeri know where of which i speakport and pat deal you the same cards each handsame map... same town productsrandom game start!!!that's what i'm talking aboutimagine a gigantic random world to exploretrading is simplified...but ports offer you more than trade goodsyou can purchase upgrades and towers to build along the coastsand pirate fights seem simple at firstbut you better be able to keep the pirates broadsideor you will losefor safety...stay with a gang of friendly shipsthey will help you when in battleplay for 5 minutes and be unimpressedand say ""shallow""play for hours then find yourselfplaying for hours moreas you try to take over sector by sectormake sure your settingsare for best performanceto avoid glitchy motion"
,Not Recommended,326410,33970547,Posted: 2 August,all,Chief Integrator,"Visually stunning, but really lacking in gameplay. It starts out simple, and just doesn't really add anything. Progression is purely numerical. You have bigger numbers which lets you fight enemies with bigger challenge ratings, but there's no new game mechanics introduced.That said, it's not a hard pass. It's the gaming equivalent of unobtrusive background music, you can play it without a great deal of focus if your thoughts are elsewhere, and it can be relaxing in that sense. Just don't expect anything genuinely engaging like the 25 year old Uncharted Waters."
,Not Recommended,326410,16475691,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,*Yuki*,"This game must be named ""Grindward""I think, everyone know this feeling, when you likes genre, likes setting, like concept, then buys game... and goes to refund. Thats it. This game tries to berpg about pirates, but...Main problems:1.Slow. Very slow. Veeeeeryyy slooooowwww.Rlly - its like another korean grindy mmorpg, but slowed x3. Slow lvlup, slow move speed, slow everything.2.No content. There are only 3 types of quests - ""move from point A to point B"", ""move from poin A to point B to point C"" and ""kill one of these dumb pirates"" (dumb - cuz ai sux and easy to do it).3.Weak RPG part. There are new ships, 3 classes (with number of active skills like in MOBA) and customisation items (not very much too). Also, there is a lot ofgrind.4.Optimisation. I wont write aboutovervalued system requirments, but game caused overheating (idk why - there is nothing ""heavy"" to cause it) on my laptop and its not hardware's problem, cuz ever tf2 on high works fine (obliviosly its not AAA title, but has much heavier graphics than this).Game was in early access. FOR WHY? Devs could add moar content instead of artificially delaying (they had a lot of time to do it), and its may be one of best rpg's about pirates. But its only slow grindy thrash.So close"
76561198001418915,Recommended,326410,20598448,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Avoh,"Game Title: WindwardReview Date: 01/17/2016Initial Reaction:I bought this game while looking for something simple to play in my downtime, it definitely doesn't disappoint.I was a little worried about its content since I wasn't expecting anything significant from a $15.00 game, but it actually has enough variety to keep you playing.Short Opinion:I've honestly put enough hours into this game now that I can't really remember how it was starting out. It's definitely been fun, regardless.The game is definitely best played with friends, otherwise you probably won't have much drive to keep playing past the 10-15 hour mark.Story: 0/10 - Walked the plank.Nothing here but sharks.Gameplay: 8/10 - Good, but still missing something...Keep in mind that this is definitely designed as a time killer, and as such you'll be repeating *ALOT* of content. Despite that, the game has enough variety in quests and combat to keep you interested.The best part about this game is you can legitimately play it effectively in a variety of ways. You can take up quests to deliver supplies/people, hunt down and defeat pirate lords, smuggle supplies, build towns/defenses, etc. Everything nets you experience and gold to advance in the game.If you dont like the idea of combat or questing, you can also become a trader and run around the world(s) buying and selling to get your money and experience.And if neither of those are for you, you'll still be able to just roam around the world and fight with pirates, factions and other players over control of the worlds regions.It's loot system is similar to games like diablo, aka, color code loot quality and number statistics. You'll also find items to customize the coloration of your ship, in addition to being able to buy completely new styles of ships once you find their blueprints and save up enough gold.The combat in the game seemingly simple, and for the most part it is. You'll have to rely on proper positioning and the use of your abilities to win or escape any fights you get into.You'll definitely find a new appreciation for naval combat after playing this game.Graphics: 6/10 Okay.Graphics are definitely where the game is lacking, but it also doesn't need them to be good.Models: The models are actually well done, for what they are. From the ""sloop"" to the ""clipper"", every ship has a unique enough style and quality to it that makes it pleasant to look at, no matter how simple the games graphics are.Textures: I don't have issues with the textures on the ships, the towns, the towers, water, or anything else... But the ground terrain is definitely lacking. But, since its a game about being a ship captain, that's definitely nothing to worry about. Regardless, you'll notice it from time to time.Environment: I'm not really sure what to say for this... water? There's water. There's alot of water, everywhere. Sometimes there's an island or a continent. It's nothing that makes you joyous and some of the randomly generated maps will likely make you angry, but that's what you have explosive barrels for... It might be costly, but you'll be able to turn that mountain into another few fathoms of ocean.Overall, for a time killer game, the graphics are exactly what you'd expect and exactly what they need to be, honestly.Sound: 5/10 - Cannons sound like cannons. Every, single, time...I honestly don't know how to describe the sounds. They have no bass to them, so they never really stand out from eachother... any of them.The fire barrels crackle like real fire does, cannons sound like cannons, crew members shout when raiding towns or towers... Without any depth to the sound, it's significantly lackluster.I actually stopped playing with the majority of the sound, dropping it to 20% volume and just listening to my own music in the background. The game doesn't sound bad, it just doesn't really have anything I want to hear... especially for the millionth time.What they have ""works"", but it *DEFINITELY* could be improved.Replay Value: 8/10 - Again! Again!The game has enough content to work towards to keep you going, especially if you're into games that make you grind for really good gear. Regardless, play it in moderation if you want to keep coming back. Finding a few friends to play with helps alot, too.You'll get significantly more longevity out of this game if you treat it like an android or Iphone app. Otherwise, if you're really into pirates, play all day every day.Final Thoughts:I've been looking for a ""time-killer"" game, something really simple to play that can be mastered with a bit of effort. I've also been looking for something that has some social aspect to it, and this satisfies everything I've wanted.As far as socializing in it, it's by no means a game you're going to go into and make a ton of new friends everyday, but you'll definitely be able to convince some people you already know to play with you have and fun together.This is a game in the same style as Mount & Blade, it is what you make it. Don't play it to the ""beating a dead horse"" point and you'll be having mindless fun for a long time."
,Recommended,326410,31372044,Posted: 26 April,all,Spongie,"Fun little game. Plenty of loot and equipment for your ships. While it can be played solo I highly recommend joining on of the community servers, having some backup from higher level players is fantastic. Since the game scales enemies (and loot) according to number of players and their levels this will be harder but give better rewards.Works nicely on Linux too.This is not a super deep or rich strategy game, customizations to the ship are quite limited, but if you're looking for fast paced naval battles arcade style it might be your thing. I recommend it and I've put 80 hours into it so far."
76561198029937724,Not Recommended,326410,28299328,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Mihai,"So... single player experience:- around 10 types of quests that keep repeating indefinitely- 4 factions to choose from; it doesn't really matter which one you choose, because the AI factions will never expand or be any threat- it seems that the AI inactivity extends to your allies AI also; the areas in which you're not present never change, never develop, basically they don't exist until you enter themOverall, a cute, but repetitive game which gets boring very soon.Multiplayer experience: opened the public servers list, the most populated has 17 players, all others 3 or less. Joined the most populated server which had a very inviting name ""Tasharen, the most friendly server"" or something like it. Got the first quest in the first town I spawned: capture a pirate town. A tough battle, but I finally defeat all their defenses and capture the town. Victory, I brought one more city to my faction in my first 15 minutes. I feel proud. Someone calls me ♥♥♥♥♥. I quit the most friendly server. The end.A must have if you love grinding."
,Recommended,326410,14452072,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Ensvey,"Very fun game with a super active dev. Make a good suggestion on the Steam discussion page for the game and he literally has it implemented and released in a couple hours. There's hardly a thread he doesn't comment on.Game itself is very fun. As others have said, Sid Meier's Pirates meets Diablo. The gameplay stays pretty much the same throughout the whole game, which can be considered repetitive, but it's fun gameplay so I haven't gotten bored yet. Definitely recommended, I paid full price with no regrets, got 50+ hours out of it and still want to play more."
76561198094698561,Recommended,326410,31507409,Posted: 2 May,all,AzureTerra,Amazing game. Easy to get into and will keep you playing with its simplicity. The saving grace for me over the past few days as its one of two games in my libarary that will work on the laptop im currently stuck with but will continue to play once i get my desktop back.
76561198199457059,Recommended,326410,26396248,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,TheForgottenOne,"So I've played this game a bit and i think its time for a review.Single player or multiplayer mmo with ships. Start with a small dinky little thing but work your way up to a flying oddity! 6 different factions that you can join, just 4 at first. And PIRATES ( you can join them too).Pro-Interesting and easy combat-15+ unlockable ships (plus mods)-Ship customization (just colors and flag emblems but still fun)-Fun and friendly community-Nice calming music-Simple equipment system-WASD or Mouse controls-DRAGONS (when you get that far cuz they're difficult)-Upgradable equipment-Fast loading times-Looks great, even on lowest settings-Randomly generated mapsCons=To do a Heroic/Raid you have to do multiplayer with 6+ people.=Low multiplayer traffic (25 on a good day, spikes around summer and winter sales)=Grinding. Completing a region takes a minimum of 20 minutes so i would suggest this more people with time on their hands.=NPC ai is lacking often leading to stuck ships=Gets boring fairly quickly if you just use singleplayerI didnt go everything, theres still more pros and cons but i dont want to write everything. All in all, its a great game, not many updates now because the dev (singular) is working on Windward 2. Doesnt mean theres lack in content though. It's fun if you put some time into it and like mmo's."
,Not Recommended,326410,30478960,Posted: 12 March,all,Rinntaq,"this game, while interesting at first gets boring pretty fast.quests are dull at best, getting better gear and ships is tedious and frankly doesn't offer all that much.the online playerbase is very small but has a handful of active servers for online play with a number of veterans that can help newer players.a major drawback to this game is the scaling, regions and gear have levels and to compensate everyone gets scaled, albeit at the most basic level, certain gear allows for massive power differences regardless, as some players can kill others in one shot.and even in PvE it remains an uphill battle, enemies spawn in greater numbers and always attack while the friendly AI will scuttle in the wrong direction to fix a single tower.this balancing makes PvP basically a waste of time and PvE raids a painful ordeal for those with the worse equipment and gives griefers and the like a playground.if you want something that doesn't require much energy and just want something relaxing to do, buy this and play single player."
,Not Recommended,326410,19377262,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Edgewalker,"ProRelaxing atmosphere with good music and decent visualsYour choice of strategy - trade, fight, or perform quests. It's possible to avoid one of them almost entirely.Leveling up and choice of faction lets you choose abilities to augment your chosen gameplay style.Instancing allows individuals or small teams on even very busy servers to take on fun combat sessions.You keep your ship and stats from game to game, allowing you to jump into a new world and find a place appropriate to your development.Dynamic scaling of abilities and ships makes combat interesting regardless of what level you are, and where you go in the world. Level simply limits how far into dangerous territory you can reasonably go.NeutralGame has no specific goals or end conditions.Slow pacing - boats are not quick vehicles, and don't turn on a dime.ConGameplay never evolves - the same three activities (fighting, trading, questing) follow the basic same pattern in the 20th hour of the game as they did in the 2nd hour of the game.Goals are sort of hollow -  you simply acquire wealth and territory until you're bored. There's no story or characters to speak of.If there are too many people on your server, you will constantly have your trading efforts frustrated, since anybody can meet a town's demand for particular goods at any time. You may travel for 10 minutes to discover somebody else sold furs to this town, and now they don't want any.Boats have an absurdly small limit on cargo (two or three items depending on the ship), meaning that the game is mostly travel time between friendly ports, where nothing happens. This limitation makes the above problem even worse than it would otherwise be, since there's no room for backup trade goods.For some reason, quests and cargo share slots. That's right. If you have two units of cargo, you can only take one quest. Then your ship is ""full"".SummaryFor me, the dealbreaker was the highly repetitive gameplay. While some may find it ""zen"" or relaxing, I find it tedious. If you're the kind of player who can spend hours collecting lumber in Minecraft, then maybe you'll enjoy this. I prefer a game with rather more variety."
76561198161465452,Recommended,326410,23474647,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Stupid Saudi,"I have played windward for about 60 hours now, and to be honest there is not a lot of bad things I can say about this game. It is a great game that I think a lot of you will enjoy, but if you are getting this game for the multiplayer aspect I would stear my ship far away because this game does a really poor job at it. Me and my friends love this game but when trying to play on one of our private servers none of us could ever connect and the proccess to fixing it was extremely exspansive and didn't even work 75% of the time. Also a lot of the solutions led you on a wild goose chase with no idea what you are doing (unless you have good networking knowledge) multiplayer will be very hard to use and I recommend not getting this game if you want to play with friends.The only way is through public servers(which are often very high leveled and dont let you play with your friends)EDIT- I would also like to add that Windward can get EXTREMELY BORING in singleplayer because you basically just get swarmed by tons of NPC pirates with no way to stop them making the game un-progressable.Pros: Great Visuals(Compared to other ship games)Fun combatCool ship designAbility to upgrade towns(Its pretty cool)Multiple factions, all with different strengths and weaknessesLots of cool upgrades for your ship(Lots more)Cons:Multiplayer is used as a selling point when it doesnt really workA bit repetitive, but in the end not very badSome of the ships at the same level can be a lot worse tan others (personal opinion)(Lots more xD)P.S.- There isn't a local connect so if you wanna play with someone in your own house you have to go through all the trouble of making the server. (Which Never works!)"
,Recommended,326410,23399009,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,A E S T H E T I C,"Very fun and relaxing. Sail out into the open and fight with pirates or chill around your factions territory trading and questing. Either way, the graphics are beautiful and the game is not bloated at all. No premium money items, no premium anything actually (that I'm aware of). This game can be action packed or laid back depending on your play style. Enjoy!"
,Recommended,326410,32770734,Posted: 25 June,all,Kulak,"Admittedly, this game might not be worth the full price if you can't play it online. Where the fun really just begins in multiplayer is where it would end in single-player. The higher level areas are even titled ""group-oriented content"", which goes to show what the game is ultimately for. A quick note, if you're looking for story-telling and lore, that's not the point here, and there is none, the point is raging sea battles!That being said, this is a killer little game played accordingly. The player becomes a potentially valuable team member in online situations about LVL 40 (fun starts to really kick in), and can really start to experiment with different ways to play the game around LVL 70. Being able to pick your ship and design your loadout according to which role you want to play on your team is where the real depth of the game lies.Especially for being a small indie game, it is a very solid release. The core of the game is ship design and combat, and while neither has an enormous amount of depth, they are very solid and offer a lot of very enjoyable play time. everything else is minor support mechanics. Of course, if there was more work put into it, say if it was developed by a larger studio, a fan like myself can only dream of where its areas of lacking may have instead flourished. Windward 2 would be a worthy prospect in this regard, Tasharen Entertainment!Pros:- Pirates!- Hectic and action-packed naval warfare!- Controls and interface are fluid and light, no heavily complex system of which to keep track- Relaxing and wonderfully aesthetic sailing and trading.- On that note, pretty graphics which can also run well on low end computers like lil ol me.- Decent array of choices for player builds- Lightning load times, you're in the game and playing in seconds, even online.- Small but awesome online community- Plenty of loot!- Playable for the whole familyCons:- Light questing and settlement mechanics leave something to be desired.- Especially in large online worlds (best way to play in my opinion), the utility of questing/settlements is filtered out even more.- Other than trying different builds, nothing new after level 70, but if you really enjoy the game, this isn't a problem- Especially solo, gets grindy (but surprisingly not so bad, normally I can't play grindy games). If something could be done about this, the game would be absolutely spectacular at all levels.- Exploration doesn't feel that much like actual exploraton7/10, will be sailing again soon!"
76561198094273195,Not Recommended,326410,28490577,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,hasu8472,"This game was designed to be a carefree entertainment for a few friends. Level up a bit, enter a bland, randomly generated map to fire away at some ships until you get bored of it - fun level equivalent to shooting blanks into the sky for the sake of hearing gunfire.Pros: The game is simplistic, intuitive, user-friendly and has just about nothing negative, punishing or challenging to it that will stress you out - besides it's repetitive and limited nature. In that sense it's a great way to relax and have some fun.Cons: The game gets extremely boring and tedious quickly, especially once you reach level 100 and have nothing to spend your talent points on. There is no difference between being lvl100 or 750, it's just a meaningless, slow grind which can be done much faster in solo mode than multiplayer - so you've got most of the regular players sitting in their separate games, grinding by repetitively destroying towers in a small area and such (a lot fun).Content is unorganized and doesn't scale in quality with the levels. There are several types of instances but their differences and relevance to the game are minimal. Once you get the first dozen levels and can enter all of the instances, they don't change whatsoever from that point onward - so don't expect to find new, creative and challenging content as you gain experience.Multiplayer starts and ends with having a couple of friends doing an instance together. There is no grand scale player content nor does the game encourage PvP - any regions you conquer on a MP server can easily be retaken without a fight by creating embassies (only one faction is immune to this tactic), which makes fighting over regions a futile endeavor. Not to mention killing enemy players doesn't accomplish anything and even if you do it just because naval combat is somewhat fun, you've always got the flying ships and air crafts which completely remove naval combat and its mechanics out of the picture as well as strategical relevance of the map's landscape.The trading system comes down to buying single units of cargo (you can carry five at most), so you never get that feeling of grand scale trading.1There's more to dislike about this game, but the above should be enough to help you form a picture about it. All in all this could've been a great game because the interface is very user-friendly, but the low expectations set by its creator and his lack of knowledge in creating multiplayer content has made it a bland experience, like a Hubba Bubba chewing gum it's good for a brief moment and then all its flavor is gone."
76561198007052359,Not Recommended,326410,15881488,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,gbachura,"Right, so...Windward. *Deep Breath* Where to start?Ah, right. Let's get this review rolling by getting a few things out of the way from the git-go.1) This game is billed as an adventure-sandbox title.2) This game relies upon repetitive, simple tasks.3) This game has some beautiful scenery and aesthetics.Okay, with that out of the way, you're going to fall into one of two camps. Those camps are the 'I love this game!' and the 'I tried to like this game and I ended up wasting a handful of hours trying to like this game,' And that's fine. You have your tastes and your preferences. I'll be writing this review from the aspect of the latter camp, having tried to be a member of the former camp.What Windward tries and (arguably) fails to present you with is an in-depth naval combat/economy simulation, top-down with nice graphical appeal. Where it fails is the 'in-depth' aspect with its 'bounce your ship back and forth between towns for hours' mentality, you may begin to ponder the value of your time. Unfortunately, because of this, it's not a game that I would say is fun if you want to just 'jump in for a few minutes' but instead is probably a far more playable game from the sphere of 'play a few hours at a time and save your game progress'.Each and every faction tries to offer a special ability or focus that, after the first couple of hours, you don't even really think about anymore. And that is because each faction does the same things, with the same ships, but with one of four different color options. In the end, you may decide to restart simply because you want to play as your preferred color rather than for any 'faction specialty' reasons. In fact, one of my biggest problems with this game is that your sail embroidery is stuck as the color of your team. Frankly, that just pisses me off.All this being said, I did play the game and I may continue to play it, and since I work a decent job the price tag isn't a deal-breaker either (especially on sale!).But let me bring up another point, the game's aesthetics; they're pretty damn cool. I like the wind and sunlight effects. I like the way my sails creak and the mast groans and the wind buffets my ship around. That's cool stuff right there, and that little detail here and that other little detail there--that is what makes me want to play this game, and makes my little voice in the back of my head say, 'This game sure is neat--but we've been bouncing back and forth in this same square block of the map for hours now...'Trust me. It'll happen, if you're any sort of gamer with an adult life and an adult schedule.Interestingly enough about the 'sandbox' descriptor...is it? I mean it's got that basic random-map-generator thing right? But what does it honestly matter, when you're going to essentially be setting up some variety of chess board squares, slowly trying to build up the first block so you can move to a second block and begin again, grinding and bouncing around inside the map block of various islands/waterways in an attempt to stymie the flow of rabbit-like spawning pirate ships. (Oh god, the pirate ships...)The game seems to aim big. It's got a lot of polish. But it's shots fall short of their target. In fact, now that I think about it......the game designer(s) have a lot in common with the in-game crew of my Sloop-O-War."
76561197966661134,Recommended,326410,20170461,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,robertkulbeth,"Windward is a nice, casual game that doesn't demand anything of you. The controls are simple, the strategy is simple, and you can go and do what you want when you want within to confines of the limited strcuture of the game. Sail about on gorgeous water. trading in towns, doing little quests for the towns to build them up and make them more profitable, all the standard fare with pleasing visuals.  The animations are smooth and lengthy enough to dispell the illusion that you're looking at a 10 frame loop, the music is easy on the ears, and the day/night cycle is done perfectly - no black out, hard to see visuals at night.It's not a terribly deep game as far as options and tasks, but it's a must have when it's on sale. The regular price (as of this writing) of $15 is decent for casual gamers looking to kill some time without being punished by your entertainment. This stable, bug-free game is just asking for an expanded sequel."
,Recommended,326410,15851855,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,HotPotatoChips,"This review is made after about 10 hours of multiplayer with 3 friends(4pack).-TLDR-Would recommend if you plan to play it with friends,4 pack is recommendedCasual enough that you could just attack pirates and trade freelyTrading can get complicated but profitable-----------------------------------------------------------------Singleplayer is not recommended-TLDR---------------------------------------------------------------------Additional Notes-After an additional 20 hours after writing his review,for a total of 30 hours. I can say after reaching ""end game"" it was unreplayable------------------------------------------------------------------It is a casual game where you could either focus on trading or battling pirates.-Combat-The fighting is simplistic, you point your broadside of your ship against his ship all the while trying to get behind him so he can't point his gun to you.This is your ""standard attacks""but is enhanced by new abilities, such as a Fire Barrel(Grogolov Cocktail) that does AOE fire damage;A Water Barrel that does AOE Heal to friendlies.-Combat-Items-Items have stats that enhance your combat capabilities.There are Damage,Range,and Accuracy for hitting your targets.Then there are Sails,Hull,Mobility,and Speed to Avoid/Take Damage.-Trading-Trading at a new region first involves taking over towns from pirates in a region. Buying abundant resources for cheap and selling it at other towns with high demand.Occasionally you get Quests for making a new town, and you get to name it, which is half the fun of making the town.More towns increases more Demand and Supply for a region. Potentially making more Profitable runs and cities become more closer to each other.-Trading-Items-Important stats for trading are Diplomacy,Speed,Cargo Space,and Maybe Mobility(Turn rate of a ship).Diplomacy gives you better prices for buying and selling goods.Speed should be obvious, but Mobility is dependant on your map layout.Cargo space are slots on your ship.The more slots you have, the more quest/trading you can do simultaneously.-Ship types-There are ships for Combat,Trading or Both, you start with a fairly small ship.You Progress up by buying a ship with hardearned gold. If you plan to fight pirates, a high offence and/or defence ship is good.Trading would require either a Speed Ship or a huge cargo space amount. Both is just having Average stats of Offence,Defence,Speed,and Cargo Space.-Replayability-When you reach the so-called endgame, there is almost nothing else to do anymore. Trying out new ships can be done in your current play through, and you can respec your skills in towns. I would say after this play through I wouldn't bother starting a new one.However it was definitely a fun game and worth my hours spent-Ending-The initial review made with 10 hours of gameplay has been updated with notes after playing 30 hours of gameplay.-Ending-"
,Recommended,326410,15896678,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Arky,"I've got 14 hours in this game in 2 days. I'm absolutely in love with it but I can't put my finger on exactly why. It's a calming game you can play at a slow pace questing, looting and trading, or you can throw yourself into a PvP melee fray and fight for your life. The music is brilliant, the graphics are great. I've ran into a few bugs with questing and capturing towns but nothing that's terribly obnoxious.This entire game was developed by 1 man, 1 amazing man. In my opinion it is well worth the $15 sale price and $20 regular price.Boats'n'hoes."
,Recommended,326410,12477092,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,BMK3000,"this is a very good game atm but multiplayer is a bit buggy atm and uses the old connect to ip wich makes hamachi very useful still has a lot it could improve on.E.G.- could add portarit for character customisation- could add a troop system for taking over towns- could allow you to join a faction and switch to another at any point e.g. go rougue and start your own faction- add a global multipayer matchmaking service- add random events- make the pirates an bit more acvtive so they will try to reenter areas youve cleared them out of if they controll the nearby areas- fix the multiplayer bugs- allow multiple character saves and worlds- allow you to create your own fleetother than these improvments this game is still very good and fully functional in single player with no noticable bugsEdit also to all those who are asking how to delete there save to wipe character data reinstall game its only 81 mb to just delete world go to wndward in your library right click proerties and click the button go to local files click browse local files and delete the file ""yourworldname"".datEdit they have now put in a delete option in game but if you use the same names for new character or world it can cause a conflictand the m button to bring to map up quick has been rovmoved if the developers see this please put the m to bring up the map hotkey back please it was very usefulEdit m button is now working againEdit another player who has thumbs down this game has made a good point that id like to bring up here the game requires a story arc special quests that can be picked up to get special unique items or ships and quests that change events in the world and a main story arc that can turn the game from a rougelike piratew sim into a pirate rpg, also you could add troop counts for ships and cities like sid miears pirates did and alow troops to go on land to dig up buried tresure again like sid miers pirates did.also did everone forget to add ship boarding into the game?"
76561198031311228,Recommended,326410,13257494,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,The 9th Gate Spymaster,"This game has alot of potential. It's a fun game as it stands but when the developers decide to add complexity to the game this will become a hidden gem. Keep your eye out for this game, don't sleep on it."
76561198010641857,Recommended,326410,23334071,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Ivan Moreira,"Pretty enjoyable game, reminds me a bit of Sid Pirates, wich is great.Has nice graphics and interesting questing, although it can get a bit on the repetitive side.Too bad that the multiplayer is almost dead, its great.Anyway, worth the price for whoever liked Sid Pirates."
76561198027862217,Recommended,326410,12472336,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,K-mac,"Love this game, althought I haven't figured out the whole coop aspect of it yet, it is an outstanding solo game as well! Props to the developer on this one"
76561198020038610,Recommended,326410,16062265,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Stoney,"**I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT**I started playing this game with the thought that it would be quite simple. I was wrong.The Game itself is kind of complex.. I'm still learning new stuff every day.Although it is repetitive in the late game, I still have fun leveling my character and trying out new things with different ships and builds.I see a lot of potential in the game.. Give it some time and it will be one of the top-games to get on steam.Also to mention that there are new updates almost daily and new ships are coming out next month. The developer cares about the community and tries to adapt the game to the wishes of the players."
,Recommended,326410,31929950,Posted: 23 May,all,[KAZE]A Most Unwelcome Surprise,"Short version: This game punches well above its weight.  In graphics, gameplay, size and price.  Grab it.[1]Longer version & caveats: If you dug on Sid Meiers Pirates then you largely know what you are in for.  Ships sailing about questing, blowing stuff up, trading, upgrading your ship, skilling up 'talents', loot, pirate themed in game chat.Co-op seems pretty seemless dropping in and out of and the MP servers are fun to play on.  All in all a solid game at a steal of a price.[1] Your mileage may vary :P"
76561197985113754,Recommended,326410,15873336,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Tsaracex,"Fantastic Game!TIPS for some people having issue with the challenging AI:If you keep fighting in the same place and are not making progress let your allies fight those battles and strategically go for towns where the enemy pirate ships are not present.  The more towns you capture the more friendly ships will spawn in an area.PROS:-Family Friendly (Wife, Kids of all ages (Daughter who's 8 loves it))-Graphics-Music-Multiple different play styles: Aggressive Pirate killer, trader, explorer-Loot and ship progression feels great-Price point is perfectCONS:-AI can be challenging late game; however with strategy it can be overcome.11/10"
76561197965505368,Recommended,326410,15799968,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Commander Tom,"After playing this game for about 26 hrs, i must say i`m impressed by the balance of chillgame and total chaoswars.While trading might feel tidiouse in the long run, the option for instance (where you realy get the chance to upgrade ship and addons for it), or piratehunting balances perfect, and get`s loads of action going again.The RPG system of your lvl system,  just tops this awesome cake of a game!Worth every buck.However, the last pricedrop feels like a slap in the face, payed 100,-NOK, just befor release, wanting to help out, and then on releasedate you drop the price down to 85,-NOK.Not cool.."
,Not Recommended,326410,28248580,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Lord Mike Snow,"Felt like it could have been a good game but the quests become repetitive quickly and the multiplayer on the primary server (pretty much the only one active) has people who literally stalked me to squares and killed me for sport. Nothing being like a low level double digit vessel and having two players in the 200s show up and ruin an achievement you are working towards.Simply put, go spend your money somewhere else, its not worth playing a game where you a murdered by ranked players who kill new players just for because the admins wont catch them."
76561198095416471,Recommended,326410,26903469,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Thunder-Invader,"Fun to play while watching a movie or something. Really easy to pick up or to go further where you left off.I recommend going online on the servers because there is a really kind and helpful community.The game is very easy to mod in. I made my first 3d models and put them by using unity into the game.There is large scaled multiplayer combat on the servers and with mods installed also a high variety of ships.In singleplayer you can make your own factions so you can sail under the flag of your fantasy nation. Also mods are almost only available in singleplayer since all the high poppulates servers don't have them.There are air ships in the game so that could be fun if you like that.If you prefer sailing a vessel from the age of sail I recommend you to go to the ""Thunder's Invasion"" server. It's a server with only realistic ships.I recommend this game to everyone who likes games like Sid Meier's Pirates or people that like games to just sit down and relax."
76561197977384532,Not Recommended,326410,15861125,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,bepposplace,"This is the first review I have ever written on steam. I feel compelled to write this in the hopes that I might save someone else a couple dollars. I purchased this game after reading several very good reviews on steam and after reading about how this game came to be developed based on Sid Miers Pirates. That is a complete lie. The only thing this game has in common with Pirates is they both have ships. This game takes all the great aspects of Pirates and throws them away, replacing them with paired down, simplistic, boring(by mine and my friends tastes). Please do not expect this to be a MMO like port of Pirates. Here are some of the problems. Unlike Pirates combat in this game does not take place in a close up tactical map, imagine if in pirates all combat took place on the shipping map. Add to this the fact that your guns fire automatically, as if they are machine guns. You watch as you circle your enemy, both ships firing frantically at each other hit points ticking off. The combat is exactly like World of Warcraft low level combat. Imagine a fight with an orc, your ship and the enemy ticking off damage, every 5 seconds you click a button to do a little extra damage. Wind is not a factor like it is in pirates. You don't really need to pay attention to it. The ships operate more like tanks than ships. able to spin in place and get this, they can back up. That's right, your ships operate as if they had a motor. You can back up. I could have lived with the lack of diversity in quests and the lackluster skill tree, if they would have kept the original pirates combat. This game is a serious waste of money and hard drive space. You do not get anything remotely like a high seas adventure game. Get the original instead. If you really need the RPG type experience just play the free first 10 levels of World of Warcraft. The gameplay in WoW at least has more depth and stategy than this title does, you will also get about as much engaging play time. Do Not Waste Your Money on this title if you have ever played Sid Miers Pirates."
,Not Recommended,326410,18759956,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,HefBot 2.0,"Good fun for the first couple of hours.Then the tedium sets in.The AI doesn't expand or do anything without a player involvement. There is no campaign. There is no grander point other than to grind to end game ships and equipment to have any chance in multiplayer.There's not really any way to jump to end-game gear to play multiplayer competetively. The dev has even gone to great lengths to prevent cheating so that this isn't really an option.So you either grind on the same 6 quests endlessly, trade and kill pirates mindlessly, or give up.I picked the last option.Game had promise. Just too much grind, not enough game."
76561198126289351,Recommended,326410,15835168,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Cyber Helix,"First, anyone considering buying this game should know that, as of the time of this writing, the game is oriented primarily towards combat. Trade, questing, and exploration are indeed present, but serve to fund the player's upgrades; you will not be playing this game as a merchant, diplomat, or explorer. That said, if you do enjoy naval combat and aren't averse to a challenge, you will enjoy this game.The developer claims to have taken inspiration from Sid Meier's Pirates!, and anyone who has played any of the releases of Pirates! will definitely notice some of the influence. I'd personally classify the game as an improved successor; the game took everything that was fun about Pirates!, strips away the tedious things that no one liked (we're looking at you, dancing.), and improved on some things that had potential but weren't explored, such as trade. This is probably why the game is so oriented towards combat, as Pirates! was as a whole about you sailing around being a scurvy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Except now you can have giant multiple ship brawls where crap is exploding left and right and everything is on fire.The game itself follows your regular RPG sort of formula; kill things, gain experience, upgrade skills, and search for good loot. There are four playable factions, but aren't very different aside from some minor gimmicks. The world is split up into multiple procedurally generated regions, with enemies becoming stronger the further you venture from where the playable factions start. Those four factions start with a region they control and a couple that they hold part of, and the rest of the world is infested with pirates. Unless you're playing online, your faction will be the only one to ever advance beyond where they start, and you will spend most of your time fighting pirates. Inter-faction warfare is a thing, and you can contest other factions for control of a region, but I haven't figured out the purpose as of yet. Your end goal is supposedly to help your faction take over the world, but I have no idea what actually happens if you do.Combat is, again, the largest part of the game, but I found it to be the funnest. Fights are largely tactical affairs, usually with you sailing into range and your crew automatically firing at enemy ships with standard cannon fire while you fire off skills at the enemy. Multiple ships can enter and leave a fight, and whether you're engaged in a fight is guaged based on proximity to hostile ships and towers. The AI, which I'll address in a moment, does come to back both you and the enemy up, but only within a certain distance. In single player, this can turn skirmishes into full battles just to take a harbor, and that capacity for fluid battles is part of the appeal that combat has. The game scales rather well, so unless you sail to the lower level areas with higher level gear (and there's an option in world creation to force high level gear to get scaled for an area) or you try to rush too far ahead, you'll never too over or underpowered.The game is not without its lackluster components though. Despite advertising diplomacy, trade, and exploration as options, they're not as prevalent as you would think. Diplomacy exists in the form of quests, which usually revolve around delivering stuff, killing something, or building new towns or defenses, and the only real benefit is gold and increasing the size of a town. Trade is a regular buy low and sell high deal. Exploration is just lifting the fog of war; there's no relics to be hunting for or anything. The AI is also a bit strange, with it usually backing me up pretty well but sometimes acting as if the pirate sloop currently taking over the nearby port isn't something it should intervene in. So far I've chalked that up to expected instability an overall effective AI. My biggest gripe is that you're thrown into the game to sink or swim; no tutorial, or even a quick brief on controls. Thankfully everything is rather simple and a guide does exist outside of the game, but a little guidance before sending me to take on every pirate in the entire ocean would be nice.As for graphics and sound, gorgeous and fitting. The varying biomes each have their own graphics styles, and the models of the ships look great. The extra effects such as explosions or fires look nice, and they give a real feeling of weight to the carnage you're unleashing on the ocean. The graphics are a bit more artsy than realistic, but everything fits together really well. The music gives off a feeling off a nice feeling of adventure, and the sound effects are on point for everything. You will enjoy every single time a ship blows up, whether its yours or someone else's.Overall, this is a pretty nice game for what it is. I'm not sure of the developer's plans, but hopefully it will make trade and diplomacy more important and make the AI a little smarter. It's a good mix of RPG and... Whatever Pirates! was, and it's addictingly fun at that. I recommend getting it while it's still on sale, you should be getting your money's worth."
76561197992556451,Recommended,326410,14470258,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Irzenaruja,"If you've played Banished, you're at least mildly familiar with being thrown in to a beautiful 3D top-down world with limited information and carving a path of resources, wealth, and survival. Windward takes the joy and addiction of a game like Banished, gives you simple controls, a ship, and a procedurally generated world and with just the sound of your sails in the wind drops you in to your first map.Normally what would follow in a review is something about how I invested X amount of hours and did A, B, C, and saw J and almost crapped my pants. I'm not going to bore you with minutiae, as more importantly that will give you information that you should learn by playing the game.What I am going to tell you, is that I jumped the gun and paid the 15 dollars for Windward, started the game, and didn't log off for 13 hours. I played 9 of those hours co-op with my partner, and I have to say this is by far the best unit of entertainment per dollar game I have bought in YEARS.If you look at the discussion threads, you can see the developer actively speaking with players and even including community suggestions in to the game (Diving Suit!) which means if you play Windward and want to see something or change something, your voice is likely to be heard.TL;DR Spend the 15 bucks. You spend at least 15 dollars to go to the movies with your friends, and this investment will give you an incredible return that lasts much longer than 2 or 2 and a half hours. DO IT!Also, Michael Lyashenko, thank you for creating such a wonderful and beautiful game."
,Recommended,326410,16586907,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,AllGamer,"Hell yeah!This game is fun, and relaxing, you can sit back, chill, and have fun all at the same time.It's been long over due this remake of the game for the PC.The only thing missing is a Career story mode.The current play mode you are a Freelancer; is okay, but it lacks a goal, at the moment I feel like aimlessly going no where, just exploring the whole map out of curiosity, having a long story line to follow is more fun sometimes."
76561198095964970,Recommended,326410,29957588,Posted: 16 February,all,Widdershins,"Amazingly addictive. You are free to focus on how you want to play, whether a trader, a quester, a pirate hunter, etc. The beauty is you get straight into game play, no lengthly tutorials necessary, however, as you play more and more, you realise there is far more depth and variety to the game. You can specialise in different styles, change factions, or even fight in massive team dragon-slaying matches. Highly recommended!"
76561197970637854,Recommended,326410,23843400,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Kithsakhai,"amazing game, amazing dev/admin team.  very very fun for very reasonable price, hundreds of hours of fun ( of you like this style of game ) and is constantly getting tweaked and improved.  runs on a potato, looks good, sounds good, very clever system of balance for specs/gear and with the new damage system can be customized even more.get it if you don't already have it and come hang out on the official server!"
,Recommended,326410,28603826,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Absolut,"Fun game with a slightly steep learning curve. Graphics are great, randomly generated enviroments are good. Quests, random Diablo style loot, fun and punchy combat. The simplistic world map and linear progression isn't the best, but it's servicable and fun.Worth the regular price of $10, don't hesitate if you see it on sale."
76561198009316026,Recommended,326410,13145719,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Justin,"This is one of those simple yet slow games. I wouldn't play this expecting any sort of adrenaline rush, but I have other games for that. A lot of the time I'm just sailing around a procedurally generated world in my ship, meeting the supplies and demands of the various ports to try and get a bigger ship. When I'm looking for some combat, I go to another location and fight the pirates there. The pirates range from laughably easy to really, really hard.This wide range of difficulty yet simple, easy to understand combat and interface make this a great game - for times when you just want to do something a little mindless, with a good touch of combat."
76561197968449707,Recommended,326410,15876551,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,23-Down,"What a wonderful game this is...For once buying a new game - this game was a real good investment as it's playable pretty much bug free and offers a lot of fun.Now what do you do in this game:The game is composed of some rpg elements like fulfilling quests fighting pirates or other factions there are 5 in game.You can either play entirely by yourself and investigate the world or you can play with others in PVE vs pirates and other dangers. Of course pvp is also included.Don't feel like fighting then try your luck in numerous trade runs and diplomacy missions like creating a new settlement setting up defence & light towers for the numerous towns around the map.Usually I'm not much of a RPG mmo player. With the exception of STO I never really bothered about that as I dislike the whole concept of that. Still in this case I guess I can make an exception. In my opinion this game offers something for anyone. If you knew games like seafight1&seafight2 and you liked those titles then you will like this one here. It's very similar but x10 better.+RPG styled game+Lovely graphics+11 ships you can buy each serving a different role+Upgrade able ships (your crew, sails, captain, cannons in form of items - etc.)+Very nice and helpful community+Well explained beginners guide on their steam page+ Numerous climate zones (nice eye candy) with different effects on the goods towns produce and their demands etc+Map editor that allows you to define how large your map gonna be or how many factions you fight up against.+SP + MP game modes.+Everything is free no pay2win or pay2play concept.-Nice music but slightly repetitive after some while some more tracks wouldn't hurt-The Islands itself are rather doll and could use some animated animal life. Perhaps some crabs roaming around the beaches, sea shells sitting there etc.. Knights&Merchants used to have something like that it was kinda nice.-After some while you discovered most of the available missions and the game turns repetitive. There's lot of potential for additional missions.All in all a well made and solid game go and get it people."
,Recommended,326410,20753566,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,The Devil,"Big things actually do come in small packages and this game is one of them. I'm not sure how many people will remember Pirate's Gold on the Sega Genesis or Shipwreckers (Overboard!) on the PS1, but this game seems to have picked up where those games left off, or was at least inspired in part by the two. The graphics are great, the controls are easy to get used to, and there's plenty of game to be had. Best of all? There's no 12 year old army of Call of Duty cutter kiddies screaming at you on the mic all the time. For those who enjoy gaming, this is a must.People were actually complaining about Steamworld Dig because they had to dig a lot. Save yourself the embarassment of writing a crappy review about this game because you have to sail a lot. You either know that going in or you are a complete moron."
76561197965119316,Recommended,326410,14108166,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,CsCsP,"It just Wow!First I was afraid it is installed 64Mb only !Then i tried it and huhhh,The developers made a nice job! (I am a software developer as well so I know what I am talking about.)It is a really good design and a huge possibility.Let see what is in:- Online/localhost game- Random generated worlds.- Big world with lots of cities. (a generated map contains about 50-80(?) smaller maps, those small maps have about 8 cities and a nice size.)- The cities have demand and produced products. With limit! eg.: buys only one. And of course the price depends on the demanded amunt.- If a city becomme all the products from demand will be improved. -> new demands, new ware, new ship design...- In city there are quests available. (shipment/passanger transport/hunt a pirate/...)- If you do shipment or quests you receive reputation at that faction.- The reputation improves the quest/products/hints which you can receive.- The ship can be improved with items from inventory and can be custumized!- Random loots on the see.- And of course there is a see fight as well. With pirates or with other faction, this is a BIG FUN.- Ok the combat is simple but fast and it can turn to a huge war, due to the other ships may join, choosing a side depending on your reputation.- And of course the received XP can be spent to improve abilities, like better aim/faster movement/better durability... So lots of possibilities!It is a great game, big fun. And worth the price!(And i still not belive they made it in 64 Mb...)And I am get excited what kind of improvement they will made in the next versions!I was not so satisfied with a game since long long ago."
,Recommended,326410,15843605,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Lord Squeak,"I went to bed 11 am because of this game.Overall a nice game, but lacking that little extra which would make it a good game. After playing for a few hours, you've pretty much discovered the whole game, and after that it's a long grind to get enough gold to buy a new ship. And i'm not kidding when I say it's a long grind. It's a shame that it makes progression so slow, because it's certainly fun to play.Now, I have only played it in single player, and I can imagine it's a lot of fun to play with your friends, but... I can imagine this game gets repetitive real fast.My biggest problem with this game is the lack of natural ""save points"". By that I mean you are always on the move and finding a spot to quit playing and go to bed is non-existent. ( let me just drop this cargo off first.....)Overall a fun game, but I'm not sure it stays fun in long run."
,Recommended,326410,15866910,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Itchy.de,"Do not expect a new Sid Meier's Pirates! from Windward. Yes, it has ships and towns and cannons, but the game works totally different.Essentially, this is a standard MMO (with over 100 players on one server possible), where you happen to control a ship and not a character. You level by gathering experience through combat or quests. You get points to spend on your skill tree of choice. Likewise, you get gold doing the same activities (add trade).If you do that on your own, you will likely get bored after a few hours, because the grind is harsh and fighting against the same NPC ships becomes pretty boring after a while.But then Windward shines when it comes to PvP, where you battle other players over the control of regions. There are also coop-missions in ""Heroic Instances"" (WoW anyone?) for Epic Loot.While the game mechanics remain repetitive, fighting against or alongside other players makes the game so much more fun.Graphics, sound and music aren't exactly pretty, but they are not too ugly as well. Other than some minor glitches, I have not experienced any bugs, too.Verdict:Solo play: 5/10Multiplayer: 8/10"
,Recommended,326410,15776254,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Sandalwood,"I finally decided to open this around noon the other day and, before I knew it, the sun was setting.  I'm not sure how to describe it; it feels similar to how I imagine an open-world version of Sid Meier's Pirates would play.At the time of this review, it is scheduled to transition from early access into the first release version within the month, and I'd say the foundation of the game is solid.  It will need upkeep to reach full potential, but it's a delight even in this most basic state, well-polished and beautifully presented.Tour a randomly-generated world, or one of your own design, forge alliances and save the world from the pirate-infested seas--or join them!  I'd love to say more here, I really would, but words fail me.  Try it and bring a friend or ten along for much more fun.  Before you know it, you'll have sailed your entire day away, too.[Addendum - The Long Version]As I feel this description tells very little, I would like to use this space to ramble a bit on the game's atmosphere alone.  This, I believe, is the most important attraction about it and I am forced to cite examples of other games here to make my point.  Please both excuse and indulge me.Imagine a world like Minecraft, or your first days in a Civilization game, where the peaceful tempo of the world becomes the experience.  You step into it with a desire to create and grow, to build something magnificent, but the environment gently abducts you along the way.  You continue your quest, of course, unwittingly sedated by the roll of illusionary waves and a pointed lack of urgency.  You have all the time in the world.Like Minecraft, you will spend a great deal of time empowered to voyage on alone or with non-player escorts, but welcoming friends into your world has an allure of its own.  Even if each of you play independently, your ships passing one another breathes a sense of pleasant familiarity and kinship, knowing that if trouble strikes, you have a reliable ally at your side.  You need not travel together to build a world together and as your world accumulates that real flesh-and-blood population, it comes to life.  I use our familiar voxel friend as a baseline because it articulates the very same experience so well.You come here to create a world and consequently, rather unexpectedly, you become simply a resident of it.  It's a glorious experience and well-executed.  It is my hope that the authors will nurture and develop their creation for years to come.All of this and I have not even touched on the compelling combat system and the fun of instanced raids and dread pirate conquests.  That part I leave you to discover for yourself.  Go on, then.  You will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,326410,15873968,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,ThrudUK,"""Yarr"" with friends!  Who could ask for more?  The game is simple, fun and great looking.Proud to admin The Windy Isles Server -http://steamcommunity.com/groups/windy-isles"
,Recommended,326410,29477455,Posted: 24 January,all,Rendarin,"If you like boats you will love this game. The gameplay drastically changes depending on whether you play over LAN or online in a server. The experience ranges from a laid back, tactical, and intimate, offline journey; to a fast paced, Smash TV and exhilerating online conquest.The community in Windward is ever evolving over the course of three years since release, but a few core principles have been handed down since day one: We are kind, curious, skilled, fun loving and full of excitement. Come join us if you want to experience something new, in a game like you've never played before."
76561198056466698,Recommended,326410,32709721,Posted: 23 June,all,cmray58,Absolutely worth $2.50. You'll put hours into it.
,Recommended,326410,12693441,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Statickai [Syan],"Got quest to kill Pirate, all the ships in the world came to help me.Still got quest reward and loot. Thanks kind AI. 10/10-------------------Okay, so Windward is a maritime game.Some might call it a pirate game, but i don't think that's fair since you don't actually play a pirate.(At least in the short time i played)It's not a hardcore game, with something happening every 2 seconds. If that's what you're looking for then you wont find it here.Windward is a casual/relaxing game. And that's good.For my experience, it was nice just sailing around doing the simple quests of transporting cargo and founding towns.If you REALLY want combat there's always Pirate hunting quests that need doing.I chose the blue faction when i got into the game.There are 4 other factions, the Red faction, the Green faction, and the Yellow faction.Blue is focused on building towns, transporting cargo, and generally being the good guys. It's basically like a guild where you do little jobs to help people out.As i said, i only played the Blue faction, so i don't know if the game is drastically different depending on what faction you choose.You can play multiplayer, which is lots of fun, or singleplayer. You can use a seed to make your own worlds too.Overall, for an early access it's really amazing. And hopefully it will continue to grow with the support of the community.I would reccomend this to anyone who enjoys a relaxing time."
,Recommended,326410,12489331,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,☕,"A very good game, well worth the money.  Now get balls deep in that booty and have fun. I leave you with a list of jokes:What's a pirate's favorite socks? Arrrrgyle.What does a pirate think happens at the end of time? Arrrrmageddon.What's a pirate's favorite food? Arrrrrtichokes.What's a pirate's favorite basketball move? Jump hook.How do pirates make their money? By hook or by crook.Why do pirates make excellent fishermen? They know how to hook the big ones.Where do pirates find their birds? Parrots Without Partners.Did you hear about the pirate's parrot that fell in love with a duck? The bird kept saying, ""Polly wants a quacker"".Why couldn't the young pirate see the R-rated movie? There was no parrot-al guidance.Why should pirates work for FedEx? They have the fastest ships in the shipping business.What's it called when a pirate's sloop runs aground? It's ship out of luck.Why don't pirates use a safe deposit box? They put their valuables in Davy Jones' Locker.Who's the pirate's favorite actress? Diane Cannon.Why did the pirate refuse to say, ""Aye, Aye, Captain""? Because he's only got one eye.What's the pirate's favorite restaurant? Trick question because it's either Jolly Roger or Long John Silver's.How could the pirate acquire the ship so cheaply? Because it was on sail.Why did the pirate not learn how to bowl? He had a severe hook.Who was the pirate's favorite musician? Carlos Bandana.Why couldn't the pirate stop thinking about sailing? He had ship for brains.What has 12 arms, 12 legs and 12 eyes? A dozen pirates.What are the only notes a pirate can sing? High C's [seas]What shivers at the bottom of the sea? a nervous wreckWhy don't pirates take a bath before they walk the plank? They'll just wash up on shore laterWhat's the smelliest part of a pirate ship? the poop deckWhat grows out of a pirate's head? corsair [coarse hair]What's the worse nightmare for a pirate on a blind date? a sunken chest with no booty"
76561198007029367,Recommended,326410,13375773,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,PFC Calico,"This is a very well polished game for an early access title. It has the classic ""just ten more minutes"" that i had with sid meier's pirates! It appeals to a larger audience however, as the game does not have a time limit imposed on you, thus allowing you to play to your preferences whether becoming a trade magnate or pirate hunter extrordinare. The varied environment brought on by the differing climate regions is refreshing instead of the sub-tropic carribbean often seen in games of this genre. I would argue that the idea of it being an RPG is more a loose term in that you change captains and aspects of the ship to increase stats. I would like to keep the change ship items to improve the ship to be kept as is and the captains tool chest is a fantastic idea. However, if I make a captain i would like to see a leveling system where by doing certain actions improves certain stats, so for instance sailing around improves speed and maneouverability, combat improves accuracy. certain stats would need to be allocated to physical items so cannons & shot improve damage and accuaracy, where as combat only improves accuracy and reload time as a crew matures and gains stats along with their salty captain. If the idea of changing captain or crew is to be kept then maybe a ""familiarity"" penalty could be implimented to offset the immediate bonus obviously as a crew and captain become familiar with each other then they work better together eventually becoming a well oiled machine. finially I would say maybe improving on faction identity where each faction has unique ships of the period. so maybe exchange being latin origin, valiant being anglo-frank, consulate asian and sojourn aribic/eastern med; this would mean that to access the best ships of other factions then you must conquer/trade at high end levels with other factions. I digress from a proper review. essentially the developer has created a gem of a title with few negative points, i thoroghly recommend for anyone who played Pirates! and anyone who is new to the genre."
,Recommended,326410,15805699,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,djxavier13,"This game is a lot of fun!  When it first hit Early Access, it was already a fully playable game and the developer spent a lot of time doing frequent updates since then to make it what it is today.  I have only played this game in single-player, but there is a lot of incentive to play multiplayer.  It has different layers of gameplay from tactical combat, to expanding bases in each local map, and finally to conquer-the-world strategy.  Each of the local maps are randomly generated for endless replay value.  As you progress from map to map, the difficulty ramps up as well as the rewards.This is a great game at an unbelievable value!"
,Recommended,326410,32222708,Posted: 6 June,all,Gizrah,"Great fun when it launched, that's why it gets a thumbs up.But to get a bit of a good experience, you want to play with (a lot of) others and if you don't have that, don't play this. The servers are quite empty nowadays, unfortunately.Still, I had a lot of fun."
,Recommended,326410,15859794,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,MisterS42 [BEAST],"If your favorite part of Sid Meyer's Pirates was the sailing and the combat, this game is for you."
76561197986552181,Recommended,326410,16117451,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,JumpStir,Guys if you love pirates and boats and teaming up wih your friends to own the seas this is your game.-do missions for gold-trade resources-build up your ship-better cannons-faster ships-hunting pirates-taking downs-lvling up-taking new areas-massive battlesthis game has so much from fighting to be clever and trading your resources plus it is so uch fun going into a area witha  friend and being extremely outclassed with your shipd and seeing how you go check this out ahahahhahttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SWX0QN7PnnA
76561198162527937,Not Recommended,326410,25652981,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,tiedyefunkiemunkie,"It is a fun game, with a good understanding of economics, but I would not recommend it.  The game is primarily online play, and the community is small and currently has plenty of players willing to engage in harassment and greifing if you don't play as part of their team.  A few select players ruin the game for the rest."
,Not Recommended,326410,29934065,Posted: 14 February,all,Bubbly Chocolate,"Synopsis: I recommend this game if you like a casual, relaxing visualization, with great visuals and relaxing music. Where you can trade goods and fight off pirates forever and ever. Though there are no quests in this game as the store page claims. Anything labeled quest in this game is just an algorithmically point A->B, or A->B-C with placeholder text. There is very little content, and I feel this is more of a GPU demo than a $10 game.I was excited to buy this thinking of fond memories with the naval Warcraft 3 custom games (e.g. Crossfire with the trader roles supporting the PvP roles). But that intense multiplayer interaction just isn't here.After the first hour or so I regretted buying this as it was a grind and no further content in the next region, or the one after that. By the time I realized nothing was going to be in the next area I wanted a refund but it was too late. Only two music tracks one for combat and one for non-combat. They are nice instrumental music pieces- you can hear both in the trailers.I now find enjoyable it a relaxing, casual game. Very nice visuals. But...still... this game is devoid of content. I'd buy it on sale for $1-2... decent android/tablet game... and it is cheaper on the android app store. Sid Myer's Pirates has much more content and that is $10.I think there is a lot of unexplored potential in this game for great gameplay, but it isn't going to come.I'm not sure about their direction with their upcoming SightSeer game- it seems to me to be a much harder gamble to get a successful resource-construction sandbox game as there are many other sandbox games on the market. They haven't updated this game for some time, they're focusing on their upcoming game."
76561198027789709,Not Recommended,326410,15866550,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Baine,"This is a simple, low-tech trading/ferrying occasional fighting game. It's like a hundred others, but on water with ships instead of in space.I only have 5 hours in, so don't take my word as gospel, but these are my impressions as a casual gamer;The sailing mechanic (hitting slack wind) is among the most frustrating mechanics I have come across in a game, it's maddening sitting in one place, turning 15deg at a time, and going nowhere? If this is my fail for not understanding the instructions, oh yeah, there weren't any instructions, I have no idea HTH to move..Turning the sound on is almost useless, unless you want to listen to the same new-age musak loop for 5 hours. Not a single Arrrrrr! I mean comeon....The graphics were pretty, but pretty simple, the trees don't move like trees in the wind, they move like kelp underwater, all at the exact, same time, same motion, it's just annoying and another wrongness on the edge of your attention.So far it seems incredibly mindless to get enough gold to upgrade or do anything, and you start with (wait I'm 5 HOURS in and still have the same) only TWO freakin cargo/passenger/quest spots, so instead of loading up on quests and cargo and getting to bounce around the map, making your own path, you are forced to go from one spot on the left of the map, to another spot on the right of the map, over and over again? For godssakes gimme 15 cargo spots and let me decide how to path myself profitably!I think I got this game on sale for less than $9, so far that is pushing hard against the upper edge of what it is worth. I'm not sure if I am going to play this again? I might continue just to see if it gets past this suck when you hit a different zone or something?Eh, if you can get this for <$5 go for it, otherwise I can't recommend..."
76561197964153047,Recommended,326410,15818588,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Nikola Tesla,"Hours of fun, good looking game, set the explorer within you free to roam new worlds.-wish it had an auto pilot where I can tell it which town to go to and not have to constantly click or push keys."
76561198015152941,Not Recommended,326410,17764220,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,AlolaFan,"This game is a dissapointment. I had only played it for as long as I did because I was hoping something MORE was coming, but no. It's a simple little sandbox game that makes you constantly grind. And that's it, grinding and grinding. The music and the gameplay will put you to sleep."
76561198127506572,Recommended,326410,29529955,Posted: 27 January,all,Myrmidon,"A very good game, but not for everybody. My first impression was: meh, sailing game. Then, it got intense! Pitched battles with pirates! Epic battles, and more! The players I've met on the servers are friendly and helpful. I've had many fun battles with them.It's fun, and I'm rating it positive, yet I have some dissatisfaction as well:These ships are too slow to allow a player to utilize reflexes and dexterity.The ships are too fast to utilize realistic naval warfare tactics.The player is trapped in this middle space, ""tanking"" atop a stubborn mule of a ship.I had my fun, but now I'm off to find something a bit sportier... -like a Ford Pinto!"
76561198149247548,Recommended,326410,12689712,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,MrFizzySodapop,"I've never seen a developer so involved in the discussion for improvements and tweaks with the game and going online with fellow gamers. Windward is constantly improving thanks to that.The game mechanics are simple but require strategy. Main objectives are exploring, trading, building/growing towns, and of course - fighting pirates. Gear/loot system is super fun, offering lots of different types of gear. The skill-tree is a little small so far, but offers cool battle-options. You can customize your ship's logo, colour, and even make yourself a pirate.The game is fun whether it's online or offline, and definitely provides a good experience to play with friends!Overall a game I think will continually improve and offer gamers more and more."
,Recommended,326410,12521295,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,MS79,"Oh my...Sid's Pirates lives on! Well, this game has a lot more potential and it's absolutely fun and playable at this stage!"
76561198178476106,Recommended,326410,21779700,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Lord Lego,"So far I am really enjoying it, Really nice UI And really puts you into the game with its amazing graphics and epic music. sure its a slight grind at higher levels but when you achieve you're goal its worth it. currently I only have around 400 hours but I will probably play till 5,000"
76561198014896114,Recommended,326410,12715629,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Amoun,"You know what.....not bad. I like the pace of the game, it's kind of relaxing but then you get in situations where you are all over the place. Pretty good for Alpha (at least thats what I think it is). More content to the game would be interesting, more things to do. Otherwise, I would recommend the game."
,Recommended,326410,12735298,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Jarl Eric,"i highly recommend this game. its a pretty awesome pirate/merchant ship sim(if a sim could even describe it)you take over towns, quest, trade goods from town to town, fight pirates. all in all it reminds me of something similar to ACIV without the assissin, more pirate from a ship perspective."
,Recommended,326410,23987046,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,boneless,"As a game I picked up for $4 during a sale that I've currently pulled 8 hours out of, I'd have to say that so far it's definitely worth it.  Combat is simple but fun and raiding in parties with friends or even just with other players is quality banter.  The grinding isn't too monotonous and the ability to choose crew/captain traits allows you to decide if you want to level up by trading, exploring or combat- or a mix of the three to keep things interesting."
76561197990465499,Recommended,326410,12494924,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,addisonpellerano,"Great game so far, wishing there was some sore of manual or tutorial that explained some of the game play features and symbols."
,Recommended,326410,20739654,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,AoD Zimbabwe Pete,"I'm really enjoying this game. It has some issues, but what game doesn't?The lack of a tutorial is kind of lame, so you spend the first hour clicking on everything randomly. The game is pretty straight forward once you get the layout figured out.The visuals are nice, but kind of looks like it was intended for console; having full controller support makes me wonder even more.The control scheme is very basic, which is nice for time when you just want to lean back and not worry about the keyboard for a while, controlling most basic functions with just the mouse. Its a beer sipping game at times :)Combat requires both hands lolCombat is fun, though, dizzying at times from spinning circles around enemies; keeping them on your side for your broadside attacks.Not only can you destroy pirates, but you can also capture thier ships and add them to your AI driven team/ floatilla.The game has an RPG style talent tree to make different builds for different styles of play (Think Borderlands skill trees).Lots of different colors and emblems to pimp your ship and sail out with.You equip items to your ship like it is your character, like new sails to go faster, armor to protect you from damage, crew to make you better at shooting enemies, etc. All i nall, theres 10-12 items you equip on your ship, then 4 vanity slots for 3 colors and an emblem. The equipable items are typical rarity leveled (White, green, blue, etc.)I'm only about 5 hours into the game, so I've only seen the ability to buy 4 different ships, though the videos I've watched show way different ships than what I have available, leaving me to safely assume there is more ships as you progress through the ""character"" levels, and find bigger towns.The quests the towns provide are fun, but run into the problem of not being varried enough after a few maps: Place a turret here, ferry these people here, buy this stock and make a profit here, and a handful of other pirate elimination/ capture quests. There are lots of random quest drops that add a little flavor into the game, though usually its just bring this scroll you found to this place for a few resources and/or money.The music is good enough to not be too distracting while playing, where as the sound effects are needed to be turned down for WHAT?! lol jk The sound effects/ ambient sound is great, but a little on the loud side when using headphones.The worlds you play on are sectioned out by level, so you know where to avoid. Good size maps in each section of the world, leaving you hours of gameplay in each area.Random pirate attacks on the map you're curently on and have full control over are fun, and keep you on your toes.I'm almost at 1:1 hours played to Dollars spent, and enjoying it more than I have with some triple A titles that I've spent over $60 on recently, and have almost beaten (storyline) in less that 25 hours...There is multiplayer and co-op, which I haven't tried out yet.--TL;DR--8.5/10 good fun.There is a possibility of a 9-9.5 if the multiplayer/ co-op is goodAll in all, I can say I'm not disappointed with buying this game. Even at its full price of $14.99, I would've bought it; though I caught it on sale for $4.94"
,Recommended,326410,12507202,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Sydnas sloot,"I rather like this game, it doesnt have a ton to do at the moment but the world is big, controls are solid, and it has beautiful graffics. I hope the content to come includes things like fishing as well as other kinds of structures."
,Recommended,326410,26139536,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Naruchico,"On the outside it looks like a Sid Meier rip-off, but underneath it is a wonderful MMO....yup its an MMO you probablywouldn't get that from the store, but the online mode is a wonderful ship based MMO with heroic instances and a DRAGON RAID!!!!!!Pro's:Fast CombatFull RPG roles Healer/Tank/DPS( I like them okay)Good variety of ships with full color customizationDiablo-Style loot whoring....I love  looooooootFaction PVP is not forced in your gob online, but can be a fun side questLevel based instances...having a crud time leveling make your own instance for you!Raids/Heroic Instances....fun with friendsCon's:Trading and Questing become useless fairly quick they just don't scale like combat doesUI is a bit clunky and very confusing to a new playerStats and abilities have quite a few hidden perks and calculations so you are never sure what is best for a buildSingleplayer is just not the way this was meant to be played, co-op maybe, online is a must reallyWindward 2 is being worked on as I post this...so soon this may be an outdated game.TL:DRThis is an MMO in disguise and its great,  there is still alot of information even veterans are unsure of atleast when it comes to stat calculation, but it only hinders min-maxers, but this isn't a min-maxer game, its all about grouping up and blowing up ships, plundering towns, and blasting dragons out of the sky!"
,Recommended,326410,33510010,Posted: 13 July,all,Vultcha_,"when i picked this up on steam sale i was expecting to get a short and shallow but enjoyable mindless singleplayer grindy game; and i got just that.HOWEVER, what i didn't expect was there to be a whole online component attached.  through this i found a great little ""mmorpg"" lite experience.  connecting to the official server, you can group up for pve raids, contest faction territories in a large pvp board, or just be a pirate and crap on other players you see with cannons and molotov cocktails.the online play is where the game really opens up.  mindless grind in singleplayer gives way to a surprisingly robust combat system that demands proper ability management and knowledge of item interactions despite their seemingly basic implementations. ex: do i equip acid essence because i expect to meet flyers, or do i want ice for a more rounded look.  do i want to swap out my ranged specialist for a critical one to take advantage of my essence effects?  do i try to flame barrel that player, or do i want to save my cooldown for a water barrel incase i get flame barreled myself?overall balance is hard to quantify for me as you can vastly diversify your ""build"" for your ship(s), and have sofar only built a ""ranged glass cannon"" type of build; but tanky, support-y, and ""well rounded"" types seem to do just fine from what i can tell?  there's also some soft-hard balancing done between player levels  so you can join in on raids at low skill level and be scaled up to the raid's.  also there's other touches like not allowing flying ships to fly in low level map areas to give some protection to new accounts.the community on the (as of this review) official Tashdern server is very small but colorful and was very helpful to me when i was a new player.  good peeps here, it's just very small.  haven't witnessed any blatant ganking, racism, or any other sort of social maladies yet.  most people seem respectful, say ""gg"" or compliment each other.anyways, the game is a steal at it's full price as it is; a must get on steam sale if you are looking for an interesting little mmo that won't require you to quit your job to grind and compete."
,Recommended,326410,15960130,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,General Gallentis,"Short Version:Good Game with a lot of potential, The Grind is real! But doable. Rewards for it?Not so worth while. Worth playing if you like these kinds of games and want to burn a weekend away.Long Version:Basic Mechanics of the game well done. Needs to be balanced out a lot. Potential is there to be a great game with some work. Make the factions mean more then a slight change in stats.End Game wise everyone will play AQ if they have half a brain the stat and other bonuses are pretty OP in comparison to other and no longer need 25% exp bonusMid Game: everyone is already Drinking the purple koolaid for the stat bonuses but personally i say stay red for 25% exp until you get AQ.Early game Red is hands down the best option for everything outside of PvE Transport/Missions due to the 25% exp gain bonus for any form of combat. Tower farming ftw!.Region Control: Awesome Base. Timers need to be reworked as fights can pretty much go on 3+ infinite hours. Also Pretty lame to fight so long to capture a region for it to be contested 10 minutes later?Where is the booty!!! for all the hard work put into taking a region being actively defended. Make the region give bonuses to factions the more the faction owns the better the rewards in materials or something!. Also when a region if freshly captured or successfully defended make the CD longer before it can be contested again 3+ Hours at least to allow people to benefit from it.Player Owned Groups: Guilds,Corporations,Clans, Alliances!!! Where are they? Would be awesome to see some sort of clan feature added so me and my friends can represent we row together. Player Group Chat, Group Storage, Groups Banner/Flags/Embroidery.  Group Conquest<--- Make it happen.Also if Added could make maps larger with more regions to allow for clan conquest in certain regions ect ect think null sec in eve online!IN GAME FRIENDS LIST! <---- Seriously how do you not have one.Character Name Changes:Great way to make some extra cash $5 name change!Pretty Much Everything Phantom Says in his review! Read it :D"
,Recommended,326410,16363277,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,oudave19,"It's fun for a few hours, but gets repetitive. There needs to be more to it."
76561198087963592,Not Recommended,326410,15925599,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,fugg,"When I bought this I thought it would be a fun, open world adventure. But all I got was a extremely repetitive grinding game that you really couldn't do much in. The quests are as follows: Pick up cargo and deliver it halfway across the map, kill one pirate ship, and deliver people halfway across the map. You have to do that for over an hour just to get a new ship. Personally I wish I hadn't have wasted my money."
,Recommended,326410,15881749,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Saynttv,"Absolutely worth the $14.99 price tag, even better deal currently (5/17/15) at 15% off.Beautiful game with simple controls and mechanics, yet challenging at times and laid back in others. It really all depends on how YOU want to play; trading, questing, and/or combating pirates and their filthy villages."
,Not Recommended,326410,15941624,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Gibbon,"The economic system needs a lot of work - Your ship can only carry two 'loads' of resources at a time (Quests also take up these load slots). Only one (occasionally 2) towns will buy or sell a resource per area (~6-8 towns), and the buyers will stop buying resources all together for great stretches of time. I was stuck for an hour with a resource I could not sell. I could understand if I ended up making a bad purchase and losing some money on the sale, but I couldn't even sell it at a reduced value...As a result, you cannot risk buying a resource without already knowing where you will sell it - making them feel more like fetch quests than playing the market , and searching for advantageous trades.The whole game feels like a series of fetch quests, interspersed with some combat reminiscent of (but simpler than) Sid Meier's Pirates"
76561198067015085,Not Recommended,326410,30625909,Posted: 19 March,all,Siro,"Sadly a very unfulfilling game.Imagine taking a simplified implementation of one single mechanic from Pirates! and making it the entire game, with 0 progression, and a huge grind to level up with no advances in gameplay.Some people really swear by the MP, but after several attempts, I just don't find enough meat in this game. It feels like a tutorial to bigger, more fun game."
,Not Recommended,326410,15865780,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Kaludan,"Incredibly simple. Not ready to be out of beta. Feels like it was developed as a F2P tablet MMO then someone had second thoughts. Still left in the incredibly horrible slow grind mechanic without the ability to pay $0.99 on my mom's credit card to skip.Combat isn't really skill based. You can kite a little bit like in Sid Meiers, but it's a major step back. There is no wind mechanic to add skill. Pretty much you just get the biggest ship you can and aim the sides in the right direction.I normally wouldn't be this harsh, but I'm tired of the garbage games that keep ""releasing"" out of Early Access and people keep giving reviews not because it is a good game now but because it ""shows promise"".Go play Sid Meiers Pirates and Rise of Venice/Port Royale"
76561197967986738,Not Recommended,326410,18831928,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,CptHowdy,"Unless you really want to play multiplayer, better off playing Sid Meier's Pirates."
,Recommended,326410,29974850,Posted: 16 February,all,Imaginary Unicorn,"Single player is fun for awhile but becomes a bit monotonous... However the multiplayer is where this game really shines. If you use the single player as a bit of a learning experience and then move quickly into the multiplayer, this game will be fun for you.Multiplayer pirate hunting/hunting as pirates is incredibly fun. You can raid towns, establish colonies all over a section, then turn pirate and destroy them all if you see fit.Recommended with friends!"
76561197967206203,Recommended,326410,16679820,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,neko dono,"It's been described as ""Diablo 3 with ships"".  Pretty accurate IMO.A simple yet very enjoyable game with great co-op online play with also really fun pvp.  The developer of the game, ""Aren Mook"" can often be found on the main Tasharen server and has been known to commandeer the pirate kings in high level heroics.  He's been very responsive to the community and has been updating the game with improvements regularly.The community, btw, is freakin great.  Hopefully this doesn't change."
,Recommended,326410,15822422,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Bort,"I've only played this for a few hours, and there is still lots of the game I've yet to see, but I already know that I like it.There is very little in the way of a tutorial, and nowhere to look up keybinds (although you can assign new keybinds as you go), but once you get past these small obstacles and figure out how to play properly, it is a very fun game. Relaxing, especially in the lower level areas.The first zone was almost entirely at peace. There were a few pirates to dispatch, but once they were gone, the only other I could encounter pirates there was when I took a mission to hunt one down. Pretty much what you would expect for any MMO starting zone. Enough to get your toes wet, but not enough to overwhelm you.The second zone opens at level three, although you may want to consider putting off going there until level 5 at least. When you arrive, you cannot do any trading until the zone has been taken from the pirates that are trying to control it. This is basically a small capture the flag event, combined with blasting pirates. Take out pirates and towers, find a captured town or lighthouse, and park up next to it. That's all you need to do to capture it, which will change the allegiance of the town to your own.Once the zone has been cleared of pirates, trade becomes possible, although be careful. After a while, a small pirate fleet will arrive and try to take the zone back.Well, that's about as far as I've got, but it is a thoroughly enjoyable game, and I'm looking forward to seeing the rest of it.Edit:I had a technical problem, where I couldn't create worlds or join them. Basically made the game unplayable. But, the technical support was brilliant. Mine was an odd problem which ended up having nothing to do with the game itself, but rather one of the Steam DLLs. Michael (the developer) was of great help in finding and fixing the problem with contact and new ideas each day until it was resolved."
,Recommended,326410,23839364,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,☭ Kermit' ☭,"Bought this game on Wednesday 22nd of june,4 days later i have 36 hours and have also bought it for two other friends.It's a brilliant game with lots of content as well as excellent graphics that will make you wonder why more people aren’t playing this. Solid 10/10 from me!"
76561198054439240,Recommended,326410,29066211,Posted: 6 January,all,thebottled,"One day, I was struck with an extreme bout of nostalgia. I wanted to play Uncharted Waters really Really REALLY badly, but didn't want to ruin my childhood by actually playing it. I trolled around some forums and landed on Windward, and at $10, it was worth a shot, even if I only played it for a few hours.I've crested 20 hours as I write this review, and while I don't fully understand half of what is going on in terms of factions, the map, or any of that nonsense, I immensely enjoyed just sailing around and either doing quests for towns, trading goods, or fighting Pirates. Today, I finally ventured into a Pirate-controlled zone, and with the assistance of another player who showed up unannounced, cleared the area!You can play this game single-player, and that's probably fine, but I've never bothered since the online community has been so helpful. There are multiple servers with different game rules, and while some are only populated at particular times of day, there's always at least one server running with people to hang out and play with or against!"
,Recommended,326410,21283597,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Exris,"It's OK. Fun for first few days, later getting pretty boring. You repeat all the same actions.Thansk to multiplayer it can be enjoyed longer, but often server has only up to 20 people. And instances not runs oftenly, but when its quite fun and entertaining. Hope there would be more peaple..."
76561198210178768,Recommended,326410,15701140,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,sumplkrum,"I absolutely love this game. The best thing I've played in a long time.Basically, your ship is your 'guy'. You equip items to improve your stats, and you get skill points to, of course, get skills and also improve stats. And you can upgrade to better ship types, each of which are pretty well balanced.If you want to play casual, it's a relaxing, beautiful place to roam, with great ambiance. There are simple quests to complete for experience, money, and basic resources. Everything is just pretty and nice.If you want action, move into another area and battle waves of pirates, or go online and play PvP.Combat is simple, but gets deeper as you gain abilities and better items, and can get hectic with multiple units fighting in an area.Difficulty is totally scalable.  Skills can be remaped for a price.  Factions can be changed, so you're never locked-in to a play-style.The few bugs that have poped-up get fixed immediately by the developer.Seriously, usually the same day they get reported.Probably the only down-side is that the progression can be slow at the beginning. If you have A.D.D., you definitely won't have the patience to build up at the start.Get a Schooner as soon as you can, then do quests and save up for the ship you really want.Access to the ships depends on how big a town is, and increasing the size of the town is done by completing quests and selling them cargo that they have a shortage of. Basically you will probably have to do quests to get a town big enough to buy the ship you want. This part of the game can be a grind, so focus on one town and optimize your questing. On the way back to the town check to see if there is any cargo they need, because selling cargo at a town also counts as a quest completion.Once you get the ship you want, things open-up and you can focus on expanding into pirate territory, collceting items from pirate bosses, or tooling around as you please.For me, this game is already done. Any further development is just gravy. 10/10"
76561198257052469,Recommended,326410,34530570,Posted: 27 August,all,Atem,Thumb up for beautiful environment in this game. 8/10
,Recommended,326410,16629868,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,The Mi-Go 13,"B.P.R.#1 - Bullet Point Review for... WindwardIn a NutshellWindward is the nautical brainchild of lone developer Michael Lyanshenko and if you are looking for a polished indie gem, then I think you've found it. In this procedurally generated world you sail about and take on tasks of your own choosing. These range from defeating NPC rivals, PVP rivals, questing, building, trading, exploring, customizing and leveling your craft. You choose how much of each, where you go and what you want to do. You can do this equally well solo or with others, and the merits of each are different but related so that neither is mutually exclusive. The transitions between single and multiplayer games are seamless, and you can allow your RL pals to join your single player game or not, and even open custom shared instances within your solo game. You can play on a public server or create your own server with your own world built to your specifications if you want to have a more permanent multiplayer world to plunder in. One ship. Many worlds. Lot's of cannon balls. So let's get on to the bullet-points...The game looks and sounds great. The graphics are uncluttered and modestly simplified but evoke the setting very well. Timbers creak, fires burn, sails shred from chainshot and hulls list as you careen through combat. The water has detailed reflections; so much so that you can see the reflected sails of the pirate vessels just before the ship itself comes into view. Cloud reflections show the direction and speed of the wind, and lighting impacts how deeply you can see in the water which affects your ability to spot sunken wrecks to plunder.Randomly generated worlds with parameters that you may control if you want. Determine the size, layout, factions, difficulty, world name, and environmental flavors.Quickly travel across a map to reach a new region, or do so even more quickly (Travel) if you have already discovered the destination region.Solo play is fun with a large variety of quests and quest types. Pick up and deliver, build, escort, seek-and-destroy bounties, dangerous smuggling runs, expansion, sight-seeing, and securing/capturing towns are a few of the types. Despite what some multiplayer purists might say, this Diablo/Path of Exile/Drox Operative fan is totally satisfied with the solo play.Similarly, multiplayer gives you the same options but with the added dynamic of having fleets of your pals with you control the seas. This, I understand, is the primary way that the dev envisioned the game and it works well. Granted, if you get on a server with jerks you'll have a jerk experience like any such situation. So...You can make a single player game and have your friends join it through the Steam Friends list, which should cut out the jerk factor (unless your friends are jerks, then I gues, deal with it.)Dabble in both solo and multiplayer. The transition between each is simple and cohesive.Dive into sunken wrecks and score long lost loot...or plunder treasure from pirates & towns and floating crates about the world..or buy goods from port towns if excitement isn't your thing.Upgrade all aspects of your ship, and upgrade the ship itself. Play to your style; large, slow powerful and with a big hull and guns to match, or a sleek slash of a craft where speed and agility deliver your shots and help you explore.If combat isn't your thing, arm yourself for defense and focus on trading and diplomacy to build your vessel.Move on to the next region when YOU feel ready. Quests and pirates spawn in relation to your presence in the region so stay as long as you want. Sure, the dangers are greater in that higher level region just across the sea... but so are the rewards.Grow cities by questing and working toward their prosperity, then reap the benefits with better rewards and larger ships for sale at that port. Yes, you may rename cities as well.Respec your vessel for gold. You're looting it anyway, so go, live a little.Cosmetic upgrades too! Change your sail and hull colors and the design (embroidery) on your sail, as well as the basic frame of your ship that changes as you buy/upgrade to new higher-level craft.Bored with your faction? None of the other three starting-factions or two (at this time) unlockable factions seem like your cup of ale? Turn brigand and fly the black. Smuggle and pillage until your former allies turn tail or sink beneath the waves. Piracy can be a hoot. A bloody, fiery hoot.SummaryWindward is a fun, theme-rich, polished, and beautiful marriage of open-world/multiplayer/and action RPG with an underserved, though oft-attempted, theme of piracy in the age of sail. Windward gets it right in a satisfying and enjoyable way.I whole-heartedly recommend this game for anyone who is interested in a less-frenetic ARPG with solid multiplayer trappings and a nautical theme.Also, you can take some drunken landlubbers on a cruise and show them a bit of battle after which they will pay you a larger bonus upon their return to harbor, so there's that too.Happy hunting,M13"
,Recommended,326410,15485251,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Draco.exe,"If you loved Sid Meier's Pirates!, you will love this game too :)It still on early access, but its look like a full game right now and the devs're still updating and keeping the game alive with bugfixes and new features.I'm waiting for some improved ship graphics/models, some random events like weather for making the game better8/10"
,Recommended,326410,14841354,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,[MEDIC] Bomjus,Sid Meier's Pirates Co-Op.... do I really need to write anything else to convince you?
76561198031376462,Recommended,326410,21044741,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Buskea22,"I bought this game during the Lunar Sale.PROS:+ Interesting open world mechanic+ Combat is entertaining+ Taking territory is strategic and challengingCONS:- Quests and trading, the money making mechanic, can be very dry and boring- Only six factions- To create your own faction, you overwrite one of the other onesAll-in-all, it's a very fun game that doesn't quite reach Sid's Pirates!3.5/5"
,Recommended,326410,13425488,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Waxx,"If you are looking for a fun naval combat game, look no further.Even early in development, this game is a bright spot in an otherwise neglected genre of games. If you liked Pirates! but didn't want to dance, this game is for you. The graphics are pleasant to behold, ship controls are simple and intuitive, and fights are gratifying to watch. It may seem overly simple at first, but after you add a few skills and move on to higher level areas, the difficulty ramps up quite significantly.The development pace for this game is also a pleasant surprise. Over the past week, some kind of small update or change has been rolled out almost every day, sometimes twice a day, and if you hop into one of the regular servers it's not uncommon to find the developer playing, which is a rare treat in games these days!I have high hopes for this game and recommend it for purchase without hesitation."
76561198005810706,Recommended,326410,23015214,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Selendrile,"I really like this game.My wife and I started playing this game based purely on a video review called ""Worth a Buy"" on youtube.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pVTa8j1NlRoShe decided early on that she wants to specilize into attack and speed on her ships so I decided to go the tank route and bulk up my hull and armor but not neglect speed too much (you have a great deal of sailing ahead!). We played through the first few beautiful zones together enjoying the really nice looking maps, verity of quests, and way you could level up not only your own tech tree but also the towns you capture. We were having a lot of fun sinking pirates, smuggling supplies, or defending ports. Each zone is different than the last and if you want a break from capturing zones you can do some instances.I ended up getting a Ship of the Line and my wife purchased a Corvette. Together we were unstoppable on the high seas.... until we got jumped in the next zone by a fleet of high level pirate ships; ARRRRRRR. Each new zone ramps up the challenge until you get closer to the middle of the campaign zone map. After that it braches out and starts to becomes a little too easy. Still; I had a lot of fun playing this game.What is a pirate's favorite letter of the alphebet?-R?-NO! It be the SEAS!"
76561198053341948,Recommended,326410,22925180,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,kaoshosh,"Beautiful game! I sunk many hours in it and I loved each and every minute of it!It looks awesome, it plays smoothly, the community is helpful and fun. It's just a all-around fun game."
76561198080318186,Recommended,326410,23727849,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Cream of Wheat,"I got this game when it first came out last year and I will tell you this was the best game I played in a while I really enjoyed it. I did stop playing it due to the game had died and really no one played it at one point, but now more and more people are starting to play it again and its great.  With the beautiful artwork, wonderful music, and with constant updates, there is always something to do and keep you going.  Tons of Quest to do, battle AI Pirates, PvP other factions, and now with the new update you can even battle Dragons!  Join Instances and invite friends or random players and Quest together or do challenging Heroics!  Get XP and level Up, buy new Ships and customize them, and be the best Pirate in the sea!"
,Recommended,326410,15858483,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Logicbomb,Excellent ship themed sandbox game that is fun both single player and especially co-op. The game does have it moments of repetitiveness and could use some random events or other distractions along the way to keep things more exciting. Overall Windward has some amazing game play that will keep you hooked for hours.
,Recommended,326410,13708850,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Jiveturkey43,Such a beautiful game. It's like a modern Sid Meier's Pirates.
,Recommended,326410,15503445,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,STIXI,Great game. Have played over 80 hours and still don't regret buying this. Everyone should get this!
76561198018685829,Recommended,326410,14567973,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,druidx44,"I don't do many reviews but in the past few days both the game and while less important still noteworthy, The dev have earned it in spades.Game pros+Fantastic coop support+scaleable difficulty in multitude of ways ((Sliders to change level of zones and a seperate slider for damage in combat so positioning can be as important as you like))+Gear. The game has a multitude of levels of loot I won't spoil everything but expect color coded loot with awesome bonuses and just so you know they can change the way you approach the game+You can found towns level them up for various bonusesCapturing territories is a blastCons. The AI counterattacks only seem to be  in the sector your in meaning losing ground in the metagame of capturing and expanding is one way ((I want to add for now and am hoping it changes))TLDR If you think you'll like it you will. The only  issue I had was dealt with incredibly quickly by the dev"
76561198109183487,Not Recommended,326410,32295992,Posted: 9 June,all,pedro,"I want to like this game. The *gameplay* itself is good and well-designed on every level. The art style, the music, the polish the game shows is evident.But there is zero story. Just procedurally generated grinding forever. After only a couple hours it becomes clear just how empty the game is as ""real"" content goes. Procedurally generating a world with factions and various levels is great, but there is no reason for the player to care, no identity behind the factions, just ships that look a bit different and have slightly different stats. Just an endless pointless grind with no narrative at all.Which is most frustrating because all the elements are there to tell a great story -- pirates, ships, discovery, adventure. Just zero effort on constructing any sort of narrative or even the most basic story-driven quests, and in place of it we get the ""endless"" universe of procedural junk of cargo runs and bounties on pirates."
,Recommended,326410,15619734,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Hillhome,"I can't say enough good things about this game. It is a bit like crossing Sid Meier's Pirates! with an action RPG loot system. Crates and barrels float around giving you loot. They appear randomly but also when ships sink more appear. You can buy various types of loot in town - most of which add to your stats or even gives you new abilities.The game is a time sink. It starts off a little slowly where you do some trading just to get some initial cash. Once that is done you can upgrade towns by completing quests or selling items that town needs. This will unlock better ships for you to purchase. There is also a huge randomly generated map to conquer. Plus the game has full mulitplayer! Yet even if you are in multiplayer you can create your own instance while on the server, invite friends who are also on the server to join you, and complete quests for even more loot! Reclaim an area from some pirates or make a trading/quest instance and sail to your heart's content. Suddenly it will be 6am and you won't be quite sure where the last 12 hours have gone.In short if you like pirate games, like loot based games, enjoy single player OR multiplayer, then get this little gem! Totally worth it!"
76561198049737836,Recommended,326410,15831340,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Ginjii Raishin,"I've only been on for a few hours but I have to say that I like the game a lot. Yes, it's grindy but playing with friends made that a lot easier to get past. Running around blowing up pirates and questing while getting upgrades has a good feel to it and the talent trees are simple enough to not be a pain but offer enough function that they aren't throw away. *Important* This game says coop but you can have like 200 people on 1 map fighting for factions and other stuff, it's just really neat to see and be part of big battles. That's my impression at least. I've spent $60 on worse games and this one is nice for a 1/4 that price. Get past the 1st hour and you'll really start to enjoy it."
76561198025272877,Not Recommended,326410,20514484,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Karnthis>XI<,"Very shallow, very repetetive gameplay. Maybe worth getting if it is on sale for under $5, but otherwise don't bother."
,Recommended,326410,20710000,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Benjee 🐺,"All games have bugs and glitches as does this one, I have often come to notice everytime I get close to an AI they choose to crash into you which is quite weird and often annoying at sometimes however I like the fact that they allow for multi-player action allowing for your friends to come along on the adventure they incorperated battles along with shipments a quick reccomendation always play with war, it just adds a twist to make the game more exciting. I will reccommend anyone of my friends that this game is well worth the low cost of $15.00.To all of the people not reccomending this game because it has ""bugs"" All games have bugs games like this where it is all randomley generated are quite hard to make I`d like to see you make a game like this, without bugs good luck."
,Recommended,326410,20749249,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Ploiken,"Go buy it if you're craving for some sea to sea action with faction and pirates.It's abseloutely BEAUTIFUL! they music and atmospheric sounds just merge perfectly, though some improvements could be made.The game minimizes so easily and quickly like you're playing on borderless. Not only that but when you tab back into the game it's paused if you're mid session. (Though i don't know if it happens to be that by default.)Game mechanics is very satisfying to play with and easy to understand."
,Recommended,326410,20770754,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Zeramy,"It is a good strategy action game. Worth wasting time for.The bad thing is when I become a pirate, I can't capture a town.Oh come on! Let the pirate rules..""I want to be a Pirate King"" -Monkey D. Luffy-"
,Recommended,326410,20778542,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Boo,"I enjoyed this game for the short time I've played it. I went in with the expectation that I was playing a relaxing sandbox RPG with a pleasant atmosphere, and that's exactly what I got. But after a while I do wish there were some other elements to the gameplay besides fetch quests.After a while, the sense of progression dwindles because you have no real ""base"" and you are literally just floating around, going from one town to another, adrift. However, I still recommend the game if you're in the mood for something relaxing and pleasant.The art style and graphics are great, as well as the music and sound effects. The game just has some missed potential."
76561198137059378,Recommended,326410,30096652,Posted: 22 February,all,Blubberlappen,"I bought the 4-pack of this game but sadly couldn't find anyone interested in playing this with me.For me it is a casual game with nice graphics, but not too special.If you don't expect too much from the game such as huge armada battles, and happen to buy this when it's on sale, then I can recommend playing this."
76561198110153497,Recommended,326410,15212878,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Maverick Eman,"Amazing Game, i would recommende it to anyone that likes ship games where you gotta do trading and battling while getting youre ship upgraded. My score for this game 9 out of 10."
76561198035474931,Recommended,326410,20547615,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Cadash,"Is this a good game? Yes.Is this a great game? No.Should you buy this game? Yes.Pros:+ For the size of the download this game is beautiful+ Easy to control and get into right away+ Trading system not overly complex and easy to use+ Get 4 or 5 ships to buy right off the bat+ Starting your own towns is fun and easy+ Enemy AI is pretty good+ Lots and lots of area to explore (but broken up)+ Quests fairly easy to accomplish+ Easy upgrade system to follow though needs refinement+ Love the color/pattern sails, hulls, etc - more of thise would be greatCons (wishlist):- Friendly AI is terrible - they run into you constantly - stand there and get shot - don't use water cannons effectively,etc- Enemies get ridiculously powerful as you level up - Captains and newer factions will beat you senseless- Hard to determine if something is a true upgrade or not- Repetitive quests (but somehow not that annoying)- Other human players are fairly scarce - on our server there are generally 3-5 on at any time- Very simple game - not much depth past the surface- The game could use a 'simple to learn but complex to master' sort of update- More elaborate diplomacy would be nice- More unit customization (though good now) would be nice- Storyline quests would be excellent- Land battles would be awesome to take towns- Establishing a pirate cove would be awesomeOverall a very solid game for the money. Excellent work dev(s)! Ill keep checking back for updates and play it on a somewhat regular basis. Reminds me of games like Pirates! Port Royale, etc."
,Recommended,326410,23935697,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Zamorakphat,"I added this game to my wishlist a few years back, I totally forgot about it and it got burried under the ole' ""grind of life"".This summer sale I re-discovered it in one of my reccomendations, I bought it and started playing for a bit. I got hooked in the single player and I realized they had huge servers for 60+ people.I ended up buying this game for 13 people and we have plans to make a grand battle fleet and conquer tons of land in the name of the Valiant faction. This game is awesome and I would highly reccomend it to anyone with a love for ships and marritime games. The game is also a very, very tiny download and runs well on my craptop at 60fps in combat on high settings.Summary: Great game, great price, hours of fun. If you get it on sale even better."
76561198004972747,Recommended,326410,29029089,Posted: 5 January,all,Pucko,"I bought this game in the X-Mas sale for € 3,- and fell in love with it.+ Very friendly and active  community.+ Nice daily events on the official server.+ varied gameplay (trading, questing, pve, pvp)+ motivating loot and progress- personally i dont like the airships because no one uses normal ships any more - it does not feel right for a ship-game."
76561198020400223,Recommended,326410,16339380,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Zhstalt,Great little game to play solo or via the internet.   Works really well as a co-op internet from what I can tell just getting started.  A good balance between tweaking and classic RPG elements.  Combat is challenging in a good way.FInally I have an interesting game that doesn't aggrevate my carpal tunnelling.
76561198001594257,Recommended,326410,24203746,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Wanderer,"Really a fun game. Playing it feels like a mixture of Anno 1701 and Sid Meier's Pirates!The music and graphics are quite good and the game runs under Linux as well as under Windows.It should also be mentioned that the game is bug-free, but still receives patches which extend the game's content.I play the game only in singleplayer mode and enjoy the feeling of beeing torn away from the rest of the world. It is always enjoyable to do some sailing and trading and relax to the music and the sound of the seas. Or, if you are in a less relaxed mood, to sink some pirates.The only pitfall is,  due to the generated nature of the world and the quests, that if you play the game very excessively, you might get bored. But after pausing for a little while, playing the game feels again like within the first few ours."
,Recommended,326410,24257729,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Sitiya,For the price of a half-pint I've got some 20 hours of relaxing sailing and pirate combat. Can't complain at that!
76561197997734150,Recommended,326410,15839920,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Lugerity,Ive played this Awesome game for more than 20 Hours and im still loving it. people says its repetative. Well killing pirates is very fun!
76561198068289757,Recommended,326410,15923645,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Skybutter,"This is by far the most fun I have had in a single-player game since Skyrim. The first day I got it I played 5 hours straight and was completely captivated by the relaxing yet fun.The maps are randomly generated and there are many regions to explore, each getting more difficult and requiring more skill and itemsThe ships seem to have an endless ladder up to 11 ships currently in the game.The combat may seem simple at first, but after you get the ""arcade"" idea out of your head, you come to appreciate the MMO style weapons. You can bind the different cannons and shots to any key very easily. No GUI needed for that.Trading and sailing are a lot of fun just in themselves. Figuring out how to max profits and create efficient routs take time, but once you get the hang of it, its really enthralling.The game seems to have a slow, almost grindy progression, which actually helps with captivation rather than putting off new players.Is this game as good as Sid's Pirates? Probably. Its very comparable and much more modern with a huge open world and multiplayer.I'm looking forward too seeing where it goes, and I recommend you pick it up. It is well worth the money!"
,Recommended,326410,25353217,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Razor of Odin,"I bought this game during the summer sale (2016) and I must say this game is way more entertaining than I expected it to be.  This is a nice little light rpg game mainly dealing with combat but there are paths for non-combat lovers mainly in trading.  The single player option is enjoyable if you just want to relax and sink some pirate ships or even see if you can takeover your entire map for your faction.Where this game gets really interesting is in its multiplayer.  You can have your own private game where you can invite your friends to play; however I believe this game truly shines with its online servers.  I am partial to the games official online server.  The players on the official server are very friendly and there is usually people willing to do higher level content together.If you like the theme of this game I highly recommend you pick this game up, I doubt you will regret it!"
76561197970639512,Recommended,326410,20782036,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Warlok,"It is a very pleasing thing to come across a very playable, enjoyable long-term action game set in the Age of Sail. While one or two things could have been covered more completely in tutorial material (easily remedied via some wiki reading), WindWard proves itself to be another great diversion in the digital realm. Customizable - and simple - controls, solid cooperative multiplayer, excellent graphics from a tiny (68 or so Meg!) install. Nice. Play is ongoing; looking forward to more."
76561198044516772,Recommended,326410,12645406,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,MrToxicSoap,I really enjoy this game :D It's fun and enjoyable.. there is multiplayer so think about that ;D
,Recommended,326410,12696350,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,markdeakin14,"Having spoken with a developer of the game. He's told me that my concerns about the trading method are not grounded in reality. It therefore gives me great pleasure to say that this game is entirely awesome. Would I recommend it to friends? Yes, in a heartbeat. As another reviewer said, it is like Port Royale only better. I only had that one little problem about it and that's been laid to rest."
,Recommended,326410,24028188,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Thaxs (Axel),"A well made, relaxing game. Unwind and sail the seas as a pirate or the good folk. Explore, trade, smuggle, create new colonies and fight other ships for treasures and capture their settlements.The multiplayer works well and there is a chat window for everyone to communicate.Single player starts to get a bit repetative after 8 hours. I started mutlitasking with netflix 7 hours in. Multiplayer feels less repetative. You continue with your same ship and items and can hop between different maps.Overall a pleasent experience."
,Recommended,326410,21008059,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Rainboy,"8/10 Great game. Very relaxing to play, but still has just enough content to keep you interested. Single player gets pretty boring pretty fast since at this time the AI doesn't do anything without human interaction, but multiplayer is great with even a couple friends.The game has very extensive modding support, but the documentation is a little difficult to find and not many mods have been made yet. Feels like the kind of game that could become a truly fantastic game with some good modders at the helm."
,Recommended,326410,21148572,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,[Mush]Mspaint,"its a great little game that took me by a surprise, i understand it can be frustrating that curve is kinda steep when it comes to area and combat.. once you master a map.. next i certain to put you back in the child bin again.. !I hope the add new stuff to this little marble"
76561197993201325,Recommended,326410,21110602,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,PornDaddy,"128MB in size surprised me for what this game looks like and even worked without any tweaks on my ultrawide monitor. This is one nice looking game for the size that it is, great LAN game for calming coop play and the odd bit of mayhem as you adventure further but will quickly get your butt handed to you if you do not lay settlements on the way. Lots of thumbs down but I personally am thoroughly enjoying this game with my boys, yes a lot of rinse and repeat but I simply do not care, this game is a nice break from other mad genres I have been playing so a good thumbs up from me to join the other 1000+ decent folk who see the positives this little game has and for the price it is at :)"
76561198264019874,Recommended,326410,23465829,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,CrazedMurloch,"This game is absoloutley stunning from it's graphics to its sound, Its a simple yet exciting game to play, A great way to lose track of time. It's a game that does not involve copious amounts of thinking or strategic talent. Yet you can find yourself strapped into your computer chair for hours. Sail the seas, fight pirates or why not convert them into allies and have them follow you around the sea. Build Gaurd towers and lookouts to remove 'fog' from the map. Discover and create settlements. Upgrade/recruit crew. The options are limetless. a solid 10/10 game when you do not feel like stressing or competing against other players in a game."
,Recommended,326410,23557012,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Middleman93,"Can claim a city for a faction, become a pirate and capture the city for yourself, only to rejoin the faction and claim the city back again.Can perform smuggling runs. Go guns blazing or try to find the safest route to protect the cargo.Can play with/against friends.Massive maps that will take a bit of time to work across.The game I never knew that I always wanted.10/10"
,Recommended,326410,20733048,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,ToxicFlames,"For thoose looking to buy this game i will give you a little bit of info.1.Very Grindy, as you would think alot of this can is spend grinding quests and instance two make some money.2.There Are More Ships Then You Think, a first look you many only see six or so ship there are alot more all you need to do is kill thoose ships you want and save up the money.3.DON'T USE STRANGE DIAGRAMS, when given a strange diagram as a loot drop don't use it till you got lots of gold because once use you it you can't de-use it so you will end up deleting it and it is pretty rare.Well i don't what to ruin the game like what you can get so i will leave it there just remeber to find a good multplayer server because it won't be as fun GOOD LUCK :)"
,Recommended,326410,15529807,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Tim the Enchanter,"This is a fun game to play that could be more if there was more of a team behind it. As a indie game, I find this game  enjoyable than most other sailing games/pirate games. The game is like Sid Meier's Pirates without the dancing,swords  fights, or corney storyline. I believe that with more of team, the game can be a lot more that can rivial Sid Meier's Pirates which has been known as the best pirate game out there."
,Recommended,326410,15596801,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Reaper,Such beautiful graphics. Calming music that fits perfectly with the game. Great single-player fun. All of the progress can be carried on online with other players. Either with or against multiple people. I'd reccommend anyone to get this if they are looking for something different and new.
76561198065850096,Recommended,326410,12578302,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Red Jello,"A great game so far, it has so much potential even now such a fun game, i totally love the sailing around shootingpirates and doing various missions for town, thumbs up so far"
76561198042292338,Recommended,326410,14672391,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Maelstrom,"This is a genuinely enjoyable idea. Variety, replayability and a really nice merging of concepts from many different games that provides a depth of gameplay I was not expecting."
76561198022826341,Recommended,326410,15469703,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,uglymud,"Fun game, great for an early access. Like all the customization and talent trees."
,Recommended,326410,15940616,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Tey,"I woke up and ask'd myself ""Why is the Rum Gone?"", i was lookin' on the interwebs to find the answer for this problem and shortly after i install'd this game; Its fun to play (online with Friends and total strangers); Something like Sid Meier's Pirates meets Diablo(?) ~ .I highly recommend this game; Easy to learn and just pure fun.Buy it and join me on my Quest for Rum! #Yarr"
76561198180888538,Recommended,326410,16213061,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,ElderScrollsIsMySkooma,"I bought this game on 5/12/2015, it's release date, since it was on sale, and I wanted to get a new game to write a review of.  I have enjoyed this game so much that only now, most of a month later, am I actually taking the time to write the review.I like single-person role-playing and sandbox games.  Here are some ways that this game is different than any other game that I have played (and other things I like).Because this is a vehicular game, looking from the top down, WSAD literally mean forward, back, left and rightfrom the perspective of your ship.Yet I play it with no difficulty, because you can also use the mouse, which gives me a chance to learn how the use the keys correctly, without losing any of the fun of the game.There are 4 different factions, with varying specialties, allowing you to further personalize your game playing experience.You can make your own world to play in.  In fact, I have enjoyed one particular player's world that I have gotten nearly half of my XP there, at 24/7 Nautica Ballanced Factions.This is the first one that I have been at all interested in using the multi-player option.  If you want to fight other players, you can.  If you don't, you can opt-out by putting up a white flag, which makes you unable to be hit.  You can also become a pirate.This is really a great game that I have enjoyed emensely."
,Recommended,326410,21365253,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,BrandonMig,Love this game.    Great coop game.   A++
,Recommended,326410,15778456,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Silent Snow,"What can I say about this game? It's really fun. Sure it's kind of samey, but this is true of any games. I mean it's a game where you bring stuff from point A to Point B. Be it passengers, cargo, pirate ships, and other things. It isn't limited to that. Sometimes you are tasked with building a lighthouse or guard tower. Sometimes you are tasked with capturing pirate ships and others establish new colonies or cities. There are random pirates that come and claim lands and you have to fight them off. Sometimes they are tenacious especially when their ships outnumber yours. So there is a bit of back and forth when trying to claim a new region. Which is fun. You can upgrade your ship or use other ships that you've previously purchased.Initially you start off in a tiny ship with 2 cargo spaces and you are severely outgunned. However, thanks to some good loot drops, you can quickly come into action. Each new region is progressively more difficult, so the game never feels like you're just rolling over them.The regions are randomly generated with various reefs and other hazards that you should sail around. There are some small exploits you can manage though which fortunately aren't very common in number. I did get stuck one time on some rocks in a fight, and died. Fortunately, as it is there is no penalty to this, in the normal difficulty setting. I am sure someone will no doubt ask for a hardcore difficulty mode. There is banter in the form of text bubbles over the ships as they pass, generally either asking you about coffee or telling you rumours about the value of cargo in certain towns. You also can receive sealed letters and open them. Sometimes, you're on a treasure hunt and end up going in circles. I think the game makes light of this fact in some of the descriptive texts.There are a few things I would like to see in the game. The first thing I would like to see would be actual wind pushing the ships along because as it is, I believe the ships speed is constant and not affected by wind direction. Second the controls could use an actual key mapping option in the menu. Sometimes I think that ferrying passengers ought to be timed as I have sometimes gone around the map to various other ports and then finally delivered the people to the place they wanted to go. However, this is by no means mandatory. If this is a feature that exists in higher difficulties, then I apologise.  How else could the game be improved? Perhaps an auto-navigation feature Where you click on the town on the map and choose ""auto navigate to"" or something. Maybe connect the regions together, because in some regions they don't have certain resources that you are tasked with finding. Maybe a note taking feature for transporting various cargo between cities.In general I am really enjoying this game. Indie titles like this are crafted with a passion that is severely lacking in their AAA bretheren. Thanks for making this. If anything happens, I will update this review. It can only get better from here though!"
76561198035839412,Recommended,326410,34567222,Posted: 28 August,all,X7,Starts out as a casual diversion.... minutes become hours... hours become days... days become weeks... Aaaaaahhhh
,Recommended,326410,23577525,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,[bYa]Fox,"I like it.  There is a decent bit of grinding, but you for the most part can pick what you want to grind (It's usually fight everything I can lol).  There are many dif ways you can customize ur ship and the upgrade system gives even more variety.  The soundtrack while you play keeps ya in the mood for an adventure.  The game gets challenging when you start to push your territory outwards.I strongly suggest picking your quests to match the way the wind is turning.  If you dont you may find yourself sailing against the wind way to often.The only real issues I have with the game is the grind.  As I said you can make the grind easier to deal with by choice of what you do, but theres still a bit much for my tastes.All in all it's a fun game."
,Recommended,326410,31027341,Posted: 8 April,all,37Beers,A pretty good time sink for singleplayer. I never did touch multiplayer. I enjoyed my grind for better ships/loot while it lasted before it got dull
76561197964716691,Recommended,326410,34093374,Posted: 7 August,all,M0nst3r11,"Great game. Extremly fun either SP or MP. Join a server, then enter some Combat, everyone is friendly and willing to help you get some great items. I have fun if im playing for a few minutes or a few hours."
,Recommended,326410,15580925,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Fratal 👻,"I you like sailing around blowing things up, and looting them and being a pirate then you will like Windward.It's got quite a bit of depth below those beautiful waters for a early access title, and it's one of the best early access experiences I have had.The talent trees are a little small and a bit unbalanced but for what is mostly a PvE game it doesn't matter all that much and they make you feel powerful.The quests get a little repetitive at some point, I am 18 hours in and Just now am I feeling like I have ground away a little too much, this could be caused by me wanting to be overpowered for the next zone and hanging around a little too long.Over all I think it's well worth the money at less than $1/hr so far and I am sure to play more, lots more if I can convince friends to buy it and jump into some multi-player which from a quick search seems to work well."
76561197985573260,Not Recommended,326410,18748478,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Hade,"I didn't know the meaning of EXTREMELY repetative and grindy until I played this game. You just do the same things over and over and over etc, etc, etc.In my 6 hrs or so of game time, all the same game, couldn't get enough experience to make it to the next map. And I had constant battles, quests, etc.You actually get more loot from floating crates then you do from trading or quests. Trading is useless, unless it's quest based, you hardly make an profit on anything. And with trading, you always have to travel across the entire map to make a small profit.The random maps are poorly optimized, I had an area I needed to get to but couldn't because there was no way to get there.I should also mention in the normal game, your allies also respawn, so there's usually the same number of ships in play regardless of how many pirate ships you've captured from quests. If you have too many captured ships, pirates spawn and reduce the ship population back down to I think 5 or 6 (I don't remember exactly). Also any pirates ships you capture, you don't actually control any of them, they become AI players.Whenever a ship gets attacked by pirates, all AI allied ships head in that direction to engage the enemy. Often times I hated that feature.In the video where it shows the ships sailing aroind in circles shooting at each other, well that's all there is. No strategy, nothing, you either sail in circles or you sit there and turn until one of you gets sunk or your allies show up and sink the pirate ship for you.You can also play an 'Instant' combat game, where it takes you to another map, there you have to clear all the pirates. After 2-3 hrs of that, I had enough. All allied ships always respawn as do the pirates. I capture their towns, they capture mine, and so on and on, and on. Exited out of that. Went back into the normal game, played some more, got bored, quit, uninstalled it."
,Recommended,326410,24419856,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,KevO:,This is absolutely an amazing game & great community probably the most highly underrated indie game on steam I would 100% recommend this game even @ full price but when on a sale jump on it definitely worth it for single player and online + xbone controller works great haven't played a lot yet but I definitely will be playing it more (::
76561197965468616,Not Recommended,326410,23976575,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,MoadDib,"This game felt like it should be right up my alley, but a couple of pretty annoying bugs that I encountered very early on completely ruined the experience for me.Towns not capturing despite having a completely full progress bar and no opposing forces, and ""hunt pirate"" quests not completing despite having actively defeated the ship it sent me after are bugs that shouldn't even be in a released game, much less something that would be encountered within the first hours of play.This really should have been a great game for me, but sadly these bugs just take a lot of the enjoyment out of it."
,Not Recommended,326410,20737028,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Bertie,"EDIT: Note that I'm writing this from a single player point of view, please see other reviews if you want to know about multi-player.This feels more like a tablet game than a pc one (and you can get it on tablet). As per the other reviewers' comments there isn't actually that much to it. I'd probably give it a neutral rating if Steam had that option, but for myself it's a No.You sail from place to place and sometimes find a pirate ship, whereby the basic action is to try and sail around them to get a shot off (since the ships only shoot from the sides). There's nothing wrong with it as such - there are lots of people who've spent hours on it and that's fine, if you like the relaxing element of sailing from place to place trading, but it's not for me.You are able to get upgrades for your ship so if you're into your statistics then you'll enjoy that, however aside from an increase in gun range and speed I never really thought the other stats mattered (I'm sure they do, I just didn't see much difference with them)."
76561198014572453,Recommended,326410,15836857,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,[Butch],"Yarr ![Edited 16.05]I'll keep it quite simple. In the Beginning i was skeptic. But it's total worth 12 EUR, cause you will at leasst have some Hours of Gameplay to enjoy.Pro:- sandboxy feeling- no linear Questing- Exploration and Instances- Loot end Equipment MotivationCons:- Feels sometimes a bit ""flat"", cause Combat feels more or less the Same, not much Skill involved- Instances could Bring real Boss Fights instead of clearing out Pirates- Quests are somehow disturbing. Like a Town wants something, but there is no Town you know of that offers that- Instances may too hard at some point (Pirates have much better Ships than you, Respawn too fast)Suggestions:- Give The Possibility to upgrade Towns with Weapons etc- Introduce Rare Ships with rare Loot- In the original Pirates you could go on land with a crew searching for a treasureConclusion:It's a small game that is enjoyable for some time until it becomes very very repetitive. The only goal seems to earn enough money to buy yourself a Galleon, + conquer rest of the Random generated world.I Still recommend it, cause it has a small price tag, maybe we will see some improvements in the mid / endgame in the future.PRO TIP:If a Instance is too hard for you, clear out the highest level Items you have equipped."
,Not Recommended,326410,16548248,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Laughing Man,"Grindy as heck, stagnant end game, randomly generated maps are lazily done. I played for so long hoping it would get better, it doesn't."
76561198161245178,Recommended,326410,31590071,Posted: 6 May,all,Vertroyer,"How to Windward 101:-Join server-Look at wimpy ship-Get disgusted from wimpy ship-Try to contribute even though you're a wimp-Die like a wimp...about a bajillion times...-Get dosh for a new ship-Still a wimp...-Spend hours farming a metric crap ton of dosh-Spend even more hours trying to get blueprints for a good ship-Spend a few extra minutes looking for a level 10 Town, cuz Aren wants to torture you some more...-Get strong ship-Celebrate-Get rekt in PvP-Rage-Uninstall (jk)This game is amazing, and the way it has implemented the mechanics of war such as capturing, spawning, AIs, Building, etc. is just phenomenal. I am more than hyped and excited to see the sequel for this game because it's gonna blow our minds for sure."
,Recommended,326410,16031400,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Zahbuhdoo,"4/5 (-1 because of my own issue)*TL:DR- Just buy it and thank me later.This is an extremely fun and addicting game that will annihilate any free time you have. It is very similar to Sid Meier's Pirates minus the sword battles and turn-based strategy invasions of towns. It is by far the best game out there right now (fully released) that makes ship battles what they should be.Pros:Hours of fun.Ships!4 factions for different play styles.Real time ship combat.Customizable maps!RPG elements like abilities and gear (captain, crew, cannons, sails, ammo, etc.)Cons:Pirates.F***ing pirates.So many d*mn pirates.7 (pirates) vs. 1 (you).*I have a rather powerful computer and my fps can be garbage (less than 30) in combat more often than not.i5 4690k 3.5GHz8Gb RAMNvidia GeForce GTX 770 2GbWindows 8.1Full Build link:http://pcpartpicker.com/p/sbD2GXI am aware it says there are compatability issues, but I am running this build and I assure you there are not any."
,Recommended,326410,24505781,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,~Z~,Really relaxing and has a very satisfying loop. Not sure if it'll have replay value but I've already got my money's worth out of it and I haven't even done multiplayer.
76561198022031516,Recommended,326410,14448441,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Mindbender,This game is like Mount & blade with ships. ships upgrade elements are similar to that of Assassin Creed. It's best played with other players on the map.9/10. Very enjoyable
,Recommended,326410,15915152,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Fairhair,"""Greetings, Marco Polo!"""
,Recommended,326410,15699818,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,danskmacabre,"If you like Age of Sail, Pirates type combat, trading and Exploring sort of in the style of Sid Meier's Pirates, then this is your game (IMO it does a better job).It's really easy to learn and a lot of fun. You can run your own servers as well, which runs on a very low spec machine.I run a few servers on a Raspberry Pi 2 (RasPirates) and they run fine.Additionally the Developer is very dedicated to this game and listens to feedback and fixes bugs etc.The low price is pretty awesome for such a decent game and it's been quite a while I've put so much time into a game.Highly Recommended.Now this is at Version one and out of Early access, it's still a great game and stable, which is nice.It has lots of new features as well.  Some of which are level based rewards, such as special factions."
76561198010187275,Recommended,326410,15811867,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,SplitterWind,"If you expect a clone of Pirates! or Port Royal you might get disappointed. This game has a different focus and feels closer to Action-RPGs like Diablo or Sacred combined with arena multiplayer kinda like Guild Wards.You have an inventory just that instead of collecting swords and helms you collect Sails, Crew Members, Cannons, Captains. They have random stats and can be common, rare etc. There's a skill tree that unfortunatly is not very complex and Items have a level requirement.It's not like Pirates! or others where you can freely travel the map. Well in theory you could however the world is divided in zones and similar to for example Word of Warcraft each zone has a suggested level, so throughout the game you progress from zone to zone and going to a zone with a much higher level will most likely result in your death.So theres constant progression and because of that there's also grinding. However grinding is much more fun, at least for me, than it is in hack and slays. That is because one thing that fortunately is very similar to pirates! is the combat - positioning and outmanouvering your enemy is key and can help you take down bigger enemies.You have skills with a cooldown you can use in combat. They are also comparable to action RPGs, for example you can place an AOE effect that places a neon-green fog that will damage every enemy that stays within it. They make combat even more interesting but they also break with the otherwise realistic setting.The combat mechanics are quite fun. You take cities and other buildings like lighthouses and defensive towers by stayin in a given area as long as no enemy is around. Theres a progress bar that fills over time similar to battlefield. The AI is also decent. You can buy buildings and place them on the map at strategic important positions. If offered the right quest you can even place new cities.Theres also trading however it's WAY to simple. You can't buy specific units of something, instead you buy one ""slot"" of something. At the start you have two slots available, later on you can store up to 5 goods. In other games that offer trading you can buy a varieng amount of goods and the price for each ton was re-calculated after each transaction.If you want to increase profit from trading in this game you mostly do this by equiping better items instead of min/maxing your routes and carefully calculating profit margins.This game really is mostly a arena PVP game with fun naval combat mechanics (which make grinding much more tolerable) and typical RPG elements. I imagine that PVP is a lot of fun however I have not tried it yet and I could imagine that the progression system makes PVP unfair for new players."
76561198036293947,Recommended,326410,15852832,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Camo_Killer8[TAH],"A rather fun relaxing game that can be quite addictive, Gamestop gave this 3 having used the same screenshots that are on steam and pointed out problems that either non existent or disappear later on, and if they find that there are moments that are hard in this game well they're drunk and only did singleplayer on a multiplayer game."
76561197990523855,Recommended,326410,13726628,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Deck,"Great game! Free roam sandbox, random gen maps, towns grow based on your activity, elective and random quests (found a map that lead to a multi part quest resulting in me finding a nice reward, wont spoil it.), trade economy, ship and crew upgrades, skill trees, hire allies, play as pirate or pirate hunter, solo, co-op and pvp (no server lists yet currently need IP address to join), area control with a purpose, etc... I discovered all that in less than 2 hours of play and just left the area i started in before writing this. Well worth the tiny price tag.The dev also says he directly asked Sid Meier at a gaming conference if it was ok if he made a game directly inspired by Sid Meier's Pirates! and Sid said it was perfectly fine. That seems like a pretty decent thing to do in my opinion.  I loved that game but didn't care for the courting and dancing etc.. Which are mercifully absent here. Not sure if any of you are board gamers as well but it reminds me of Merchants and Maurauders quite a bit.I'm sure it's been linked already but the dev did a 2 hour stream/interview with Legendary Neurotoxin and he really seems like a good guy. You can pick up a lot of tips on how to play and his future plans while watching. He also reveals that he developed it to this state since August 2014. Pretty incredible.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFDOCv2tPGg"
76561198193235123,Recommended,326410,20791291,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,dollarjosh66,"I can see why this game could get boring, yet I find the game refreshing. I think this game looks great and the music is awesome. I find the game to not be a huge challenge nor a game with a great story. This game is what it is and it is well. I have played a lot of games. Very few can I say are beautiful. Off hand the only games I can think if to describe as beautiful are ''The Shadow of the Colossus"", ""Okami"" and this game called ""Windward"".Honestly, this isn't for everyone. This indie game is not going to be what most people want. And that's fine. Before buying it, I would recomend to watch some gameplay videos. They should give you a pretty good taste on what this is and wether or not you'd like it.I got this when it was on sale for $5, so the price was good. I would have paid the $15, though."
76561198061350288,Recommended,326410,20865488,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Aeractico,"I love this game, and if you like conquering lands and getting over powered then going back to a lower level area and just watch pirates attempt to kill you but only to get one or no hits on you as you one shot them easily, then you may like it as well. But beware, this game requires plenty of patience as it can get very repetitive as you grind enemies, trading, and questing just to get that new shiny ship or upgrade. There are a few things though that I would like for the developers to focus on which is the AI as they have a fetish for light houses and towers, but not towns, so you sail around in a constant circle capturing all of the towns by your self as the pirates take another one while you have 5 guys at one light house or guard tower in the very corner of the map where it is completely useless. But over all, it is a very nice game, just with a few flaws in it, but which game doesn't have flaws?"
,Recommended,326410,20780404,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,LydiaKandas,"I've been playing this recently, yup it is feel like sid meier pirate but with less story and much more simpler, some improvement would be great such as mini games like a simple sword fight :), hijacking pirates ship haha ahoy,  this game is too calm I don't feel any rushing experience, the multiplayer also not have a big difference experience comparing with single player but I still have a great hope on this game lot of improvement could be made here"
,Recommended,326410,16908016,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,ジャック,Good game!
,Recommended,326410,15849235,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Sandals,Its like Sid Meier's Pirates 2 in that the graphics are improved and the gameplay is refined. there are also some assassins creed black flag elements to the game these are the two heaviest influences I can see. Hope you enjoy!
,Recommended,326410,17292866,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Kondrathe,"One of the best games I've ever played, and one that was created by a single developer.I would definitely recommend this game. It has a wide range of playstyles and can suit any mood. The game is not system intensive at all and the visuals are stunning. The audio is wonderful and gameplay feels fluid and fun. The controls are good and you can choose between mouse and keyboard. Shortly after purchasing this game it quickly became on of my favourites. It offers many playstyles for any mood. You can spend hours exploring new regions in beautiful Procedurally-Generated worlds, you can battle pirates or other ships for loot and glory in battle, or you could play the entire game as a passive trader and never see battle. The game is designed to be played with friends or in a group, but I often play in a solo world just trading. The multiplayer is well set up and fun, you can fight in Heroic worlds with other players against the most ferocious pirates, or you can engage in PvP Battleground combat. If you'd like, you can just join a server and chat. Playing with your friends is simple, they can join your world at the click of a button or you can find a nice public server to join together. Whether you are a casual trader or a fearsome warrior, if you come for plunder or exploration, Windward is the game for you. Tasharen has created a masterpiece, and a solo developer no less. Be very proud of what you have created, sir. I look forward to playing your next creations. Personally, I give this game an easy 9/10. Absolutely love it. I'll see you all on the high seas."
,Recommended,326410,24890295,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Je66b,"great little sandbox game that roped me in with its open world, trading, sailing, and combat. Ill pretty much play anything with boats and was very satisfied with this title, it could be better but for a less than $10 sale price, its a great game."
76561198037210915,Recommended,326410,24916670,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Tareq,"Truly a very nice game, it's simple and light but fun at any time. Multiplayer works fine and there's plenty of room for trading, exploring or fighting alone or with friends. I must say I got addicted to it in the first days, couldn't even see the hours flying by. Its rpg-ish nature gets a bit repetitive over time though, but its quite distressing to play once in a while. Bought it at full price and did not regret."
,Recommended,326410,24336730,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Karmakaze,"Tons of fun to be had in either single player or multiplayer. Your progress is always saved (assuming you join the same server, if online) and the towns / buildings you create remain. I would pay $10 for this easily, and I was lucky enough to get it on sale for $4. Worth every penny! Customize your ship, defeat pirates and/or other factions, or just be a outlaw, or maybe just a simple merchant.The choice is yours!"
,Recommended,326410,24073115,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Kermit The Frog,"This is honestly the greatest pirate game ever made (sorry Sid Meier) : the controls are simple, the skill tree is not complex like most rpg games I've played, the game is beautiful and soundtrack amazing, the AI isn't stupid like most games out there, and finally the ship and faction customization is crazy great. Also did i mention the offical online server.Before you say this is a basied review it might be who cares. also this is the first game (since gmod) i put 10 hours on the first day of buying. that it self should say something about this game"
76561198018390149,Recommended,326410,24013621,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Stoic,Incredibly grindy but fun for a time and doesn't cost that much. Also who Doesn't like shooting cannons at unsuspecting ships?
,Recommended,326410,23860966,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,El_Droidio,"Very simple game, but also really addictive and fun. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,326410,23862998,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Keltgare,Honestly thought I would ever have had this much fun with a game of this type.  Have to say that it was well done.  The combat is just challenging enough with out the OMG factor.  I will say that going up in the Challenge Rating zone is not for the faint of heart on solo play.  I am totally glad I bought this game and would love some of my friends to pick it up so we can Captain Jack Swagger it a bunch
,Recommended,326410,23937740,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Meat Vegetable,"Pretty fun on your own and a pretty good community, an♥♥♥♥♥load of fun with friends."
76561198034742295,Recommended,326410,16228501,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Leifur,Very nice pirating and trading game with wonderful graphics and gameplay. Tons of fun and happyness :)
,Recommended,326410,15870800,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,River,"Windward, I was on the fence about buying this game. While in EA it was placed and removed from my wishlist a few times as I toyed with the idea. I finally bought it when I saw they were taking it out of EA, nothing more then to win my support then dev's finally moving from EA to launch. While they're still updating it and fixing things they've stuck with it and haven't let the fans of this title down.Pros: Game looks nice, handles smooth, runs well even on a POS laptop years old, music is relaxing and stays with the theme, dev's continue to update it as they add and fix things. There is just so many Pros to this game I can't list them all right now.Cons:This game is a grind. The first 2-3 hours all you're doing is grinding, leveling your towns and getting money to buy your next ship which will begin the grind process all over again.Pirates, I feel the AI pirates have better everything then our AI ships we get. They spawn faster from the docks then our ships do, so if you're playing on your own it can take about 20-30 minutes to get an area because they can take your ships down quick (not always but a lot of the time) and they'll spawn a lot faster then our ships do. They can always do an emergency repair which keeps them alive longer.--If you're playing this game with friends it's amazing and so much fun as you try to avoid their attacks (the fire) and you try to avoid killing them with your fire. It's even more fun if one has the black flag and can become a pirate as then this game can become PvP to see who's the better captain on the seas. Pirate or good guy.The pirates do need to be fixed, as they do get annoying. I can see keeping that in the instances but for taking a zone its annoying as anything.I'd love to see an online Multi-player instance where you can PvP. Each person gets one area and from there you see who can claim the most in a set time period.There is a lot of things that can be done to improve this game which I have no doubt that the devs will get around to doing as they continue to progress this game."
,Recommended,326410,33191469,Posted: 3 July,all,SeizeThoseMeans (Taz),"Great timekiller for the price. Very sleek and polished graphics, natural feel to the controls, and simple but pleasant soundtrack. There's not too terribly much to do in this game, but if exploration (as well as city founding and being a courier) is your thing, you'll probably get a few hours out of it, if not more."
,Recommended,326410,33150961,Posted: 2 July,all,acdcdave1387,This is definitely a cool little game but it is highly repetitive and doesn't really seem to have much of a point after a while. There is no story and no end that I am aware of. You just play until you realize how much time you have wasted.I recommend it though because the core concept is fun and unique. If you don't get bored of it like I did then you will find that the replayabillity is there because the game never really plays out the same way twice.
76561198025178894,Recommended,326410,24101124,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Dragoncon,Alot more fun then I originally figured it would be. Community on the servers I have tried have been great and very helpful as well.
,Recommended,326410,23931334,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,<XCorps> Trigon,"Never has my group of friends embraced an indie game so quickly. Within hours of my purchase a dozen friends owned the game and have been playing it, a lot. The combat is fun and challenging and the non-combat activities are enjoyable and relaxing.The small community is extremely friendly and informative and there is always an admin or dev presence, actively participating and responding to suggestions in real-time. A couple of high level players ganking noobs in the starter area? Dev shuts it down with the quickness. Some criticism regarding how the dragon spawn timer works: the developer acknowledges it, provides valuable advice, and kicks the participants some loot.The low Steam sale price point is why I picked it up but after 50+ hours of play time I can honestly recommend the game at full price."
,Recommended,326410,23919014,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,CosmicDan.com,"This game reminds me of Sid Meier's ""Pirates!"" (well, the remake - not the original) and has a strangely addictive grind. Seems like an ordinary ship shooter at first (not that there are many games in this category at all, mind you, so that's not a bad thing). In later levels it becomes a crazy disco of death.10/10 would party with electric dragons againOh, also - GREAT online community!"
76561198032403180,Recommended,326410,24117386,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Pluto'sAPlanet,"Looking for action? Then join up and kick the **** outta pirates, factions, AND DRAGONS, yelling ""ARGH!!"" and ""THERE BE BOUNTIFUL BOOTY HERE!!!"". Looking to just relax? Then join up and sail around doing quests and trades as you sit around on your computer in your robe with a cup of tea listening to your favorite mix tape. Maybe your looking for both? HELL! MAYBE AT THE SAME TIME!!! Sit on your computer in your robe with a cup of tea and kick the **** outta pirates, factions, and dragons WHILE you build up on smuggling run quests (or other quests) to make things more difficult for yourself, but oddly everything is very relaxing as ships blow up around you and the drunk guy from your quest yells at you.Overall: 10/10 Would do drunk guy quest again"
76561198084806163,Recommended,326410,24128235,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,cleric42au,"A very easy learning curve, good fun with a bareable standard sound track. I recently returned to the game after about 6 months away; the main developers server is even more active with a great internation community. Coming on after a day at work is coming back to friends. A very fun game that I am often recommending to friends."
76561198057477712,Recommended,326410,15844064,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,flamespike,Windward is a game that reminds me a lot of Port Royal. it does have its differnces but mostly the same concept. though the game play is smooth and fun. it is however very relaxing to play. i give it a 9/10
76561198000853668,Recommended,326410,24062611,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,LexTollan,It looks like a simple game but quickly draws you in. Then you realize the sun is starting to come up. XD
76561198315613404,Recommended,326410,28022028,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,kit_madre,"Windward is a great game filled with a variety of tasks, beautiful graphics, and challenges.  I enjoy customizing my ship and crew down to the sail art and colors.  This game mixes trading between towns, ship battles, and some discoveries.  I look forward to playing it for a long time."
76561198102777282,Recommended,326410,17290662,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Captain Grimbeard,Just a fantstic game! The ability to have your single player character be imported to online play is a brilliant feature. The skills set and levels are surprisingly balanced. Will keep playing for a long while!
,Recommended,326410,32805194,Posted: 26 June,all,Pen²_ZK7,"A really good and relaxing game, i love it :D"
,Recommended,326410,16074161,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,LilHawg,"Dont buy this game if you like your sleep schedule. Its addicting and super relaxing for some reason. I bought this game a while ago nd just played it. For 8 hours, its 5 am."
76561198193395190,Recommended,326410,15893483,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Stingray,I really enjoy the game and highly recommend it. The community is amazing and the game itself is stunning.
76561198006521459,Not Recommended,326410,32640394,Posted: 22 June,all,Ryvucz,"TL;DR You find out it's horribly bugged and has bad balance after the 2 hour refund mark. Do you like bumper cars? This is it.Your ""friendly"" AI is more likely to move all the way across the map to help you capture a light house than it is to fend off pirates one screen away from them.Found an AI fix.... thanks dev.... I guess, from this thread.http://steamcommunity.com/app/326410/discussions/0/541907867764379078/#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorIf you want to be an AI commander, just go into an observer mode. Type /obs in chat and hit Enter. You can now watch AI and right-click to control them. Master the art of right-clicking to switch between AI ships and you should be able to make them quite a bit smarter.I thought Vermintide had the worst AI, this game takes the cake. From ramming into you, blocking your escape, to blocking your shots and moving just within range to blow up on you.Your ""friendly"" AI will kill you with AoEs, and themselves. They'll get stuck on terrain while in their own poison, and will also go out of bounds and blow up.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=955206676http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=952457115Your ""friendly"" AI will also be one screen over from you capturing a light house while you're facing three or four pirates. ""How many AI ships does it take to turn on a light house? ALL OF THEM!""From this thread -http://steamcommunity.com/app/326410/discussions/4/620713633864208327/#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorEveryone is a game designer, eh? :) Make a mod! Change whatever you like.But consider this: my primary ""character"" is a zep specialized for AoE damage -- max diplomacy, support spec, -30% offensive timers. All my damage comes from Grogolov. Sticking Grog into the offensive tree would mean that I'd need to spec offense instead of support -- and I like my hybrid ""mage-priest"".As for the whole ""corvettes in pvp"" thing -- this is nothing new. Think back to World of Warcraft. Most popular classes in PvP were always damage dealers. Tanks in PvP always had rather limited use. Hybrids are more interesting. Instead of going with a SotL, try a Frigate. Regardless, countering poison is trivial -- drop a water barrel on yourself.Water all around us, yet we can't even dump a barrel into the sea and get some.When you pull up next to a town, the camera decides to zoom on to your ship so damn close, you can't click on the town interact button unless you're right on top of it.- EDIT -I finally FOUND a water barrel.. it's a rare drop while poison and fire barrels are skills you unlock.Another ""gem"" this game has to offer.http://steamcommunity.com/app/326410/discussions/3/2333276539601691759/"
,Recommended,326410,15756697,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Fl3sh,"Sail a ship, collect booty, yarrr."
76561198003348475,Recommended,326410,34240044,Posted: 14 August,all,Mek Manik,"If you enjoyed Sid Meier's Pirates you'll enjoy thiswhile it lacks the swashbuckling melee combat that is in Pirates (so far) the naval combat feels like something from an MMORPG. with your cannons firing on auto at enemies within range you can use 'Abilities' to deal additional damage or to hinder your foes.Do quests for towns to gain gold and sometimes Equipment for your ship. there are numerous captians to aquire each with their own benefits.Ocasionally you'll fight pirates, they can take over towns which then allows them to spawn more pirate ships for you to contend with.good graphics even on low (my laptop gets 24fps from CS:GO on low if thats any help)7/10 for now"
,Recommended,326410,15889684,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,DestructionTM,This game makes grinding fun.
76561198263164536,Recommended,326410,22921481,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,ALWAYS THUMPIN,"the only problem i have with this game is the ability to play with friends.  hopefully someday you will make a feature for windward for a easy connection to a private lobby. the reason why i say this , ive spent hours trying to figure out how to host. i watched all the videos i could find (not alot) and spent my majority of the time trying to figure out the commnd prompt."
,Recommended,326410,23506607,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,switch,"I got this because of Sid Meires Pirates and played a similar discontinued browser based game, leveling up and upgrading a ship is apealing, quests can be a little dry/repetitive."
76561198004642824,Recommended,326410,23054228,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Exphius,"Windward is a fun game but still a little lacking. It seems as though the game is geared way more for multiplayer than single player and the only problem with that is the main server on the list doesnt seem to have more than 5 people online at max. Still when you get a few people to play with is when the game really shines.The combat is flawless and done right and i dont find myself getting old of killing ships. The diplomatic end to the game such as questing and trading does get extremely grindy and no variation.The level system still needs a little work and doesnt seem to scale right. Once you hit level 20 (or 60 talent points because level isnt shown anywhere), leveling then becomes irrelevant. You will have almost every single talent point and there isnt any static attributes or benefit of leveling aside that.Overall i will still give this a positive review even with its faults, because it is still rather fun to play with friends or a group. I hope that more forms of quests or random generated events are added because that is currently its biggest flaw."
76561197973738716,Recommended,326410,23423246,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,{HK} Slipstream,"Great game to put around and waste time.  Only a couple glitches noticed during game play.  Most note ably, extremely hard to fullfill some quests because theres no indication where you go or how to get certain materials.  S3econdly, also with quests, when asked to destroy certain ships, a couple times they have been stuck in an isolated patch of water on the edge of the screen on the other side of a hill, making it impossible to destroy it and complete the quest."
76561197977095071,Recommended,326410,35427237,Posted: 2 October,all,VENOM81,I love this game. It is simplistic but full of discovery and pirates and booty to get. I like building my ship and taking over the map. It's a great game that will have you engaged for hours.
76561198031577617,Recommended,326410,16061424,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Lo'kag Dagraka,"Great game!!Pros:- lots of fun with friends, great for lan partys- lots of open multiplayer games with lots of players- lovely art style- high octane combat- relaxing trading with a simplistic economy- lots of diffrent ships for diffrent play styles, some faster, some hold more cargo, some more defence- large randomised/created open world (can also be as small as you like)-diffrent factions offer war and alliances, pirate are common foeCons:-dont be a pessimist its a great indie game for $14.99, trading is ""grindy"" but what profession/economy isnt?Highly recomend, go buy it and play with friends!"
,Not Recommended,326410,16071613,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Ankhgaming,Fairly slow paced and repeatitive. If you are looking for an updated Sid Meiers Pirates this isn't the game. It is a unique and beauitful game but it feels like an unfinished game.
76561198003795621,Not Recommended,326410,15981989,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,rodrigo.feijao,"This game has a serious balance/ai problem. The computer opponent plays with perfect tactical coordination, moving from one of my outpost at a time, all attacking together, moving together across the bf, etc. the friendly AI on the other hands plays like its trying to hinder me, throwing barrels my way, getting in the way of my movement, etc... it don't react at all to my moves. its like the enemy ai coordinates perfectly but the friendly ai, for obvious reasons, is unable to do that (as it can't anticipate my moves, which is the case in naval warfare anyway). the correct balance decision is to create some random element or something to control for that... I like a challenge, don't get me wrong. but what I see in 3rd lvl challenge + is basically the gaming equivalent of drying ice... my patience is running out fast."
,Not Recommended,326410,16650443,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,FlamingTP,"Windward is a great idea packaged into an overly simplistic, grindy snooze fest. I might play it until I get a pirate flag, but that's because I hit the three hour mark so I cant apply for a refund. The game needs a good ten tons more variety, especially with movement and combat to be good. The way the game is made, it would have been at home if it were Mount and Blade on the high seas. but it isn't.All you really need to know is your first hour of the game is pretty much identical to the rest of the game. Make sure you check metacritic and not just the steam user reviews. Professional reviewers will often touch on important things you wont read here."
76561197973958941,Not Recommended,326410,24223851,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,MECH AL,"A very laid back game that at first I liked but lost all interest in when it just no longer had anything to add.  New ships don't give you anymore cargo space and  only 4 ships are offered that I know of,  Even mid difficulty settings result in an endless number of pirate ships. What good is amassing money if you have nothing to spend it on?  For a couple bucks you might get your moneys worth."
,Recommended,326410,20772900,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,dzx,"Fun game, PvE gets very redundant.Pros:Lots of tiersItem level upgrade everywhereCombat (at times)Ships, so many shipsCons:Grindy on PvEAI likes to swarm making combat a pain"
,Recommended,326410,19502151,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Djidiouf,"Nice gameplay, huge potential. Really funny, until you realise there is no other people in multiplayer. But still, it's worth a few bucks for 3-4 hours of enjoyment, destroying ships, capturing cities. Give it a try! :)"
76561197963164050,Recommended,326410,20108164,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,NighT WolF,It's like Diablo with Ships. :D
,Recommended,326410,16554722,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Sanborn,Game crashed 3 times in 5 minutes and I had to refund it.Owners of SLI GTX 980s beware?Edit: Changed review to Thumbs Up just because the developer is awesome and gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥about helping customers.
,Recommended,326410,32809793,Posted: 26 June,all,yakeshinu,"One of the greatest games I've ever played.Play alone, play with friends, play on a server, whatever you wish.Want to relax? Play some trading missions of fight some easy pirates.  Want to blow sh!t up?  Go right ahead.  Want to fight a dragon?  Gotcha covered there as well, but you'll probably want to bring some friends along.There's even a dedicated Discord server where you can chat with the Mods and Devs.It's worth it a t full price, but if you catch it on a Steam sale, *DO NOT PASS IT UP!*"
76561198087263245,Recommended,326410,32996512,Posted: 29 June,all,The Unknown,its a fun game but its not fast so if you are not in to slow games then this is not for you but if you are in to slow game this is a game for you
,Recommended,326410,15848371,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Zophie Winters,It's a nice simple game with boats and trading and pirates in a procedurally generated world!  Best when experienced online with other people playing in the same world
76561198181312693,Recommended,326410,15572114,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,raptr89,"more people need this game, its a lot of fun and thats just single player"
76561198036105699,Recommended,326410,19893819,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,xetoica,This is surprisingly good fun! The graphics are cheerful. The dialogue makes me chuckle. The combat is delightful. It's worth a go.
,Recommended,326410,19946051,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Xavian Starsider,"This game is not only fun, it's relaxing. There's not many games that are relaxing and still enjoyable to play. Play this when you need a moment of zen."
,Recommended,326410,19135076,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,xyproto,"Pros:* It's relaxing to sail around. The beautiful ocean graphics helps here.* You can upgrade your ship, crew and captain.* Going into battle against pirate ships is fun and engaging.* You can choose to be peacful and trade, sail around and shoot enemies and/or complete quests.* The multiplayer mode has depth. It's an open world.Cons:* A few unpolished edges. You can sail straight through piers, but crash if you get just a bit too close to shallow waters.* The inventory, town view and menus look like ""coder art"" (not great), compared to the sweet 3D-graphics in the game.* The multiplayer mode may have issues with lag (other players complained about this when I tried it).* The battle system could require less keyboard+mouse actions and be smoother.* A lack of non-repetetive things to do, over time.All in all, though, it's an okay combination of relaxation and fun."
,Recommended,326410,19931463,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,[EH] Kodiak,"I picked this up for a couple of quid in a Steam sale, and I couldn't put it down for the first couple of hours. It's like Sid Meiers pirates, except with Borderlands style loot."
,Recommended,326410,15890923,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,[Logi] Joelio,"Don't buy this game. It's too fun, way too fun. I lost my job, got girlfriend agrro. Now my babys first word is ARRR!.  You shouldnt buy this game if you have:A) a jobB) a GirlfriendC) a babyIf you dont have these things, and like pirates, OMG BUY THIS GAME"
76561198028215109,Recommended,326410,18305087,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Hunter,If you want to mindlessly chill out for an afternoon this is this game for you. Beautiful graphics and simple gameplay make Windward ideal for frittering away an afternoon.Upgrade and combat systems are incredibly easy to understand.A tutorial before game start may be useful though.
76561198019668475,Recommended,326410,15643302,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,kimfalkrasmussen,"Great game. Can be a little blend at times but its not finished yet. Would like to see some epic encounters like.. deadly octo♥♥♥♥♥s, whirlpools, sharks etc etc. But great game for the money. Recommended."
,Not Recommended,326410,20780840,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,gergi,"Beautiful sandbox but there isn't really any gameplay here. All of the game-mechanics are either very basic or pointless. In a perfect world, someone would take this game engine and build a worthy Pirates/Uncharted/Port Royal-esque game with it."
,Recommended,326410,14438813,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Haunted,"I highly recommend this game to my friends. It is tons of fun. I am having a great time with it and cannot wait to continue buttressing my trading empire. The Exchange faction is my go to organization and I am slowly working my way up the ranks. I nominate Windward for candidacy in the 2016 Presidential Election. This game knows foreign policy. And if that fails, just blow stuffs up. Even Kanye is happy for it and is going to let it finish, but ... Beyonce ..."
76561198035096906,Recommended,326410,34370157,Posted: 20 August,all,ShieldexCat,Great Game Always Will Play It I Even Start A Youtube Series On It!!!Tho I'd Like To Make One Small Suggestion!?Cloth Should Be Introduced For The Use Of Repairing Sails!!!And When Breaking Down Paper Or Old Sails You Get Cloth!?Because I've Always Wondered Why You Can Only Repair Your Ship Only With Wood & Metal!?
,Recommended,326410,21518175,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,江圆圆老公,super interesting! when i find that Vin Dachi invent a heliship i  think this is what i want
,Recommended,326410,15875704,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,niarBaD,"I really enjoy this kind of game. It's pretty relaxed, slow paced and open ended. It can be a bit grindy, rewards not quite up to par to really keep you moving forward without some extra work thrown in. It also seems to be designed multi-player first, getting into a server with a large quantity of people potentially acting in opposition to you seems like the best way to get high-excitement out of the game.Don't buy if you plan on SP only."
76561198072155841,Not Recommended,326410,34309304,Posted: 17 August,all,zeranixaimar,"Windward is naval game with real time ship battles, trading, quests, levelling systems, and struggles between factions.The visual and acoustic presentations are excellent.Although this game has a single player mode, judging from its mechanism, this game is initailly designed as a Massive Multiplayer game.So if you want to have fun in trading to make profits, sinking pirate ships for glory and completing quests for a great story, this would not be the game for you, since the play course will be full of grinding, like finishing two dozen quests for unlocking access to buying the next type of ship.Otherwise, if you are looking forward to multiplay ancient naval battles, this may be a good choice.Winward是一款即时海战游戏，也有简单的贸易、任务、升级和帮派系统，声画表现都相当不错，虽然也有单人游戏模式，但实际玩起来从机理上看设计的初衷就是作为多人游戏存在的。所以这不是一款类似大航海时代的游戏，虽然表面上看起来很像，但贸易和任务都很简略，也几乎没有剧情。如果你是要找一款多人古代海战游戏，可以考虑Windward，但如果是想找良好的单人剧情和经营体验，它没法达到要求。"
,Recommended,326410,23773824,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,dljuly3,"I bought this game on sale for $4 and immediately put about 4 hours into it. Windward is an extremely relaxing questing style game. You'll fight pirates, defend cities, help build new cities, grow cities, grow your ship, etc., etc. in repeated quests. For some people, this may get repetative or boring. For me, it was relaxing. I enjoy a somewhat mindless game like this as I think enough during the day. The game looks beautiful in my opinion, and the music is nice, albeit repetative.It also looks like the developer is still actively adding to the game, so that's a positive. I haven't tried playing with other friends yet, so I can't speak positively or negatively about multiplayer experiences, though this would probably be fun in a multiplayer setting. May purchase an extra copy so my wife and I can try to play."
76561197969442779,Recommended,326410,20732623,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,EasyPrey,"If you liked Sid Meier's Pirates!, then you will love this game."
,Recommended,326410,14294140,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Dr. Whitehall,it's like playing the trader from Anno 1701but I like it
76561197966486706,Recommended,326410,12519944,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Ox,"Best ""Indie"" and ""alpha"" game I have played since Banished. Very well put together. HOURS of gameplay. Anything you could complain about is luxury problems. This is an ok single player game but is proba♥♥♥♥♥ best as multi. If you play the game single player and consider other players filling out the other disciplines it becomes a race to fill out the map and would be a lot of fun"
,Recommended,326410,15873686,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Aaron Rogers #12,"Its an awesome game, takes a little bit to get into it but when you do you don't want to stop playing. Having a friend to play with helps a lot but single player is still fun. The economy and warfare are the best parts, which are also the main points of the game and the entire world is huge so you should have plenty to do."
,Recommended,326410,16011535,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,PatTheDemon,"Simple game with a little more depth than I expected from it. It relaxing running quests and trading; pirates add a splash of excitement. Managing your ship, towns, and upgrading them is balanced. Also the multiplayer is fun."
76561198082640923,Recommended,326410,24086485,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Paul196UK,A lot of fun and a very addicting game. I recommend it 10/10
76561198085776205,Recommended,326410,24243382,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,drab,"a simple, well executed game that will make you lose track of time and be up much later than you had planned on.definite must buy for the price."
76561198134081196,Recommended,326410,29128978,Posted: 8 January,all,lincancan,"Easy, simple, addicting, nice community. Good choice for time spender."
,Recommended,326410,29410400,Posted: 21 January,all,Moving20,"Not To expensive for what it is. Get a few friends togther and its an enjoyable experience. My main issue with the game is the AI teams don't do anything. This makes playing coop with friends kind of pointless after you reach about level thirty. The grind just gets longer and longer. Overall I would still say yes, especially if its on sale."
76561198045568290,Recommended,326410,16060402,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Viktor Bergstrand,"Windward is a well-made, fairly addictive game. The graphics look pretty nice and the water looks good too. In some ways, this game reminds me of an old ship game called Tortuga that I used to play. Overall, I would definitely recommend it, and it is a good buy for its price.Pros:-Online multiplayer aspect is pretty unique and fun-Fighting and sailing are not difficult to grasp at all-Abundance of items and varieties makes it fun to try and build the best item set for your needs-Fast traveling between regions is very convenient-Ability to play as many different factions, even the piratesCons:-Tasks aren't terrible, but can be a little mundane-The friendly AI in general (will explain more below)-Starting with only 2 cargo slots makes the first part of the game go by slowly-Damage from hitting land seems to only affect the player which is unfair/annoying when in combat against piratesFriendly AI- This is probably the game's biggest weakness in terms of a specific gameplay problem. When attempting to conquer the high-level territories in the center, the friendly AI become increasingly useless. They continuously patrol the entire map, while the pirate AI always go directly towards capturing objectives. This can become incredibly frustrating when you continue to be the only ship challenging 2-3 pirates at a time that spawn from pirate-controlled towns. You can have ally ships follow you, but as soon as you die, your allies often wander off if they haven't been destroyed too. This is something that isn't as big of a deal in multiplayer, but has a big impact when you play your single player world."
76561198049334805,Recommended,326410,15930283,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,DV8,"Dev is cool and plays this game keeps it up 2 date ect , con i want my explosive barrel back in multi player you hear me ! i give you my money give me power to cut a path to my goal ! u took my fun and play style away ! gimme gimme gimme"
,Not Recommended,326410,33152715,Posted: 2 July,all,Darmok,"Gameplay is fun, sound and controls are good.But there's no story, and sandboxing gets boring after a few hours.  This game could be really fun with just a little bit of a plot/campaign."
,Recommended,326410,16241154,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Bob Diggler,"Fantastic game, best game I've played in a while and worth every penny."
76561198065912898,Recommended,326410,13133430,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,dodge_2500_v10,"I have played the game most of the holiday weekend. I just kinda winged it and figured out you have to capture all the towns in each section of the map.  You win a section of the map when the pirates can't spawn. You kinda move twords the middle of the big overall map and the AI gets harder.  You can place your own defence and light towers.  The cool thing is the pirates can take back over defences and towns. If you have no captured towns you spawn on the edge.  also you have to sail off the edge of the map, to move to the next area. In a new section of the map you start alone till you capsure a town.  then AI allies spawn to help you (this is hard on level 5 and 6 map areas).  If you loose all the towns again,  the AI allies will not spawn to help. The trading is not like what you think, its kinda cheesy.  But different towns offer different upgrades.first thing to get is the grapel hook, it will pick up loot way away from you boatalso I did not see this in the first 2 or 3 hours --their are icons in the middle bottom of the screen ( my windows bar wasblocking this from view) one is repair (this is very important)I played for the first few hours thinking I was playing with real people.  its real easy to get stuck on the shores.  the game will kinda make you mad for the first 10 hours, till you get the hang of it.I'm still not sure what my goal is?  I assume I take over the other areas.  It takes a wile to beat a little section of the map.I'm not sure if I exit if it will save the game."
76561197990673348,Recommended,326410,23201740,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Xtreme,Really nice game.grab your pirateship and fight your way through a big world or just join online to dominate:D
76561198042978788,Recommended,326410,22466959,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Old Scratch,This game is addictive. So yeah i recommend this for some casual pirate ship fun.
76561198004626686,Not Recommended,326410,17327350,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Tin Foil Hat,"Was fun at first, then gets grindy..  Now at 10pm on a Friday night only 6 ppl online.. YAY!"
76561197983898711,Not Recommended,326410,24044964,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,PahaLukki,"After a few hours I am a bit disappointed. The game premise is nice, but I can definitely say what it lacks. The generic simple ""game hygiene"" things are missing. For example, you cannot find a key bindings menu at all. It's just not made. Saving the game is unintuitive and unclear - automatic, but resuming the exact save you want is based on just creating a new game with same skipper name, and same world - and lo and behold it is the save game not a new world. A simple load game menu would be clearer. Also, you cannot without mods zoom in or out, so you cannot look around at all, but you are forcefully looking too close all the time.The game is in the beginning at least incredibly slow. There is no go to command like in say Colonization, where you know you want your cargo in Jamestown so you just put go to and wait or fast travel. There is fast travel only between map zones, but the zone itself is kind of big, which is nice. The speed however is low and the distances long so to just make a 100 gold profit you might have to sail for 5-10 minutes. So you can maybe make over a 1000 gold in an hour of trading or questing. But the better boats and the improvements cost up to hundreds of thousands in the end, so you would play a hundred hours of waiting to get to your destination. And all this without story, no taverns, swordfights, no boarding, no governors.. The game needs the depth that was in pirates. The factions feel kind of bland and non-interesting. They have no common leader or cause. They could have been made more like pseudo Hansa union, pseudo British etc, and give them faces and campaigns they rally. This is of course a lot of work for a small company.I also didn't like the combat. Firing a volley makes you choose by mouse on who to fire. In pirates you would just try to aim with your broadside and then hit spacebar when you think the lead was enough. This actually made you position yourself for firing and trying to hit the sweet spot. Now it is just circle strafing around and clicking on your enemy for volley hits, while the autofiring happens between the volleys anyway.Also the sailing was kind of dorky. At least in Pirates you couldn't sail straight upwind, but then the wind was unrealistically set always from east, which was annoying to get back to then. But at least you moved fast in general around the map so it was no issue to circle the caribbean. I think this type of game would benefit from having straight upwind impossible, and having to go 35 degree angle to wind at minimum, and get the highest speed at around 30-45 degrees off tailwind like in reality, not straight downwind (which is poison for sail vessels). Couple this with slowly changing prevalent winds, and you would have an excellent fun game with regards to travel and combat. Also more stormy raging seas and vast ocean expanses would be nice.The game has huge potential and I am looking forward to its development. Right now I would recommend the cheaper Sid Meier's Pirates still."
,Not Recommended,326410,20582466,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Forze™,"Could of been so much more :(Options/features = very basicUI = very basicContent = shallowHalf decent but gets boring fast, more of a kids game imo,if you get this in a sale for under £5 then you cant complain,if i have to pick 'yes' or 'no' it would be a no sorry :("
76561197967379413,Recommended,326410,31596199,Posted: 6 May,all,Daddy's Home,For $10 it is a good deal but if you are getting it for multiplayer maybe take a pass.  I saw a max of 15 people on one server and not much else going on.The people were really friendly but there wasn't much going on.I'm recommending it becuase it is pretty fun if you like to grind.
76561198026735267,Not Recommended,326410,18121716,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,mcross80,"Nah.Purchased this because I absolutely loved Sid Meier's Pirates, Ambrosia's Escape Velocity, and Naev (open source). Graphics are okay, controls are wonky, but UI was a complete 'meh.' Too many mouse-required actions without corresponding keyboard shortcuts.In any case, I was looking for a game in which I could just relax and turn the brain off. This game is that I guess but it gets redundant pretty quick. Ultimately what killed it for me was trying to get through some of the advanced quests and them not working as I expected. Perhaps it was my own ignorance in how things worked or maybe the game is just non-intuitive.In summary, Windward is just not engaging enough to overcome either game or user errors."
,Recommended,326410,15841958,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Hackwode,"This is exactly the kind of game I was looking for - and one that met my expectations even as they were evolving.""This game would've been SO GOOD if they'd let you sail by using the wind."" - bam, turns out that's next in the ship upgrades.""This game would've been SO GOOD if there was more than just this limited map"" - bam, I sailed to the west, new map loads.""This game would've been SO GOOD if you could fight for ownership of the map."" - bam.Again and again with these pleasant surprises. I've always loved little trade games, and it feels glorious to sail beautiful ships and get into the roleplay of sinking enemy pirates and the wonderful flavour text that pops up.To balance out my glowing review, I'd like to add that while the music is nice, there are only six songs that are too short and don't blend very well. I'd recommend finding a 'pirate sea shanty' mix on youtube and mute the in-game music after a whileIf you're on the fence about this game, just look at the glorious screen shots and imagine building towers and lighthouses to defend your territory. A slow starting game (one might say it eases you in) and very very enjoyable."
,Recommended,326410,13047370,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Stexred,very nice pirates like game but not as good yetmore focused on quests and trading between townsas a big plus it has multiplayerits early access thus lots of room for improvements
76561197982156896,Not Recommended,326410,20757053,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Chop,"Nowhere near as interesting as the trailer makes it look.  Combat is essentially automated, you get to just sail in circles the whole time while your ship automatically fires.  Pirates! on the Genesis had more satisfying combat.  Other than that, it's just trading."
76561198044486396,Not Recommended,326410,30230947,Posted: 27 February,all,Metebacsi,"After a few hours of playtime that meant point and click grinding I feel I maxed out all the opportunities in the game and lost all my drive to play. Anything new requires endless grinding. There is not much tactics, the skill tree has must have and totally useless skills, so it's not a big strategy in there either. The items are obviously better when they are. The only thing to think is to where to go farming. Which I wouldn't mind if there were more ships to discover... (Other than the ugly flying ships that look totally different than anything else in the game, making them very unbeliavable for me.)Pros:- nice friendly community on the online servers- relaxing casual game- easy to learn- good multiplayer- insta's- can found your own cities, that was fun for a bitCons:- lack of content- no story- very repetitive- doesn't offer much reward for the endless farming- can't have your own army- there is not much strategy involvedI don't recommend it above 2$."
,Recommended,326410,16944732,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Alan Wolf,"Windward is a high seas action roleplaying strategy game that can easily go from a zen-like experience to all-out ballistic mayhem!  Whilst this game is a simplified version of Sid Meier's Pirates with MMO-esque style combat, it more than makes up for that with it's precedurally-generated sandbox world and capacity for a deep engaging multiplayer.Windward is as addictive as rum is to a pirate!"
,Not Recommended,326410,18587423,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Zacinoff,"The graphics are great, fairly smooth gameplay, ship customization, and a huge variety of loot.The main downside is that it's a HUGE grindfest. Not my cup of tea. Clearly plenty of people enjoy this game but I couldn't get past how incredibly long it takes to get anywhere. Try it if you can buy it for under $5."
,Not Recommended,326410,19203856,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,PandaTruenoo @Sluk 2/17,"Damn this is hard one.. I enjoyed this game from launch, yes I really did, everyday I played like 6 hours straight only this and it was fun. Lot of people was playing this and everything worked. I love the theme and almost everything in this game but community is died :( This game has so much potential and one of greatest dev I have seen but now its not worth it.5,5/10"
,Recommended,326410,12786929,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,⎛⎝NN⎠⎞,"Have you ever wanted to be a boat?Just sail around?Take down pirates?Claim cities?Fight over areas against both other players and pirates?Play some multipler boating?in this game you can boat the boat, be the boat and boat all over the place.10/10 would boat again"
,Not Recommended,326410,23874587,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Zoro,Bought during 2016 Summer Sale as a 4 pack to play co-op with friends and rule the seven seas.Connecting to each other is horrible as none of us can connect. There is no guide on it.If you are goign to sell a game with co-op tag as a 4 pack and please make it easier to connect to each other.
,Not Recommended,326410,25684324,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,bitblitz,"Pro: Graphics are pretty, especially the water.  I find the terrain very relaxing to cruise around.HOWEVER, the game play get's really boring.  You can find some multi-stage quests in sealed bottles or letters that act like somewhat deeper missions, but there's little advice or help in the game and it all get's pretty boring in about 4 hours.There is no over-arching mission or quest to tie the game together or spur you forward - unless you just want bigger guns and a badder ship.With better storytelling and missions this could be a great game.  As it is, Meh.The game might be better as a multi-player game with your friends trying to wipe out pirate sectors, but I haven't tried that."
76561197983845265,Recommended,326410,15817494,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Chipmunk_the_Savage,"Have boats, seeking hoes 10/10But seriously, suprisingly pretty nice game to play while I'm just trying to kill time.  It has easy and simple controls and mechanics.  Has an RPG element added to it, which I personally love.  You can build colonies, and have faction wars.  You can run cargo and passengers.  In my opinion there are a good amount of things you can do without it getting annoyingly repetitive.  I myself enjoy pirate hunting above all, the combat system is easy and relatively stress free.  Simple button activated skill combined with auto firing cannon sysrems make for easy transitions from exploration to combat.  Combat which can include a great many ships at once.What I would like from this game?  A better soundtrack for one.  It would be cool to add some shanties(one of my favorite things from Assassin's Creed Black Flag).  I like where they are musically for the most part, but perhaps some more diversity would help immersion?  It's a bit childish, some themes are definitely geared towards a younger play audience, understandably.Furthermore, REPETITIVE.  Everything, especially the beggining, is very repetitive.  They MUST add a content update for this game to survive.  They need bigger maps, they need more music(as stated above), and some awesome world bosses would be cool as well.All in all, what I got when I bought it was much better than I expected.  I got it because I enjoy naval combat and what I got was more so than I had previously thought.  I have hopes for a content update so for now, for an on sale price, it was worth it."
,Not Recommended,326410,15875652,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Ex,"This game is highly addictive, but as shallow as a reef. I played 13 hour more or less non-stop. Yet it is not very fun, and not very rewarding.Immersion is totally absent and this is pretty much a repetitive arcade game.Graphics are pretty good, but the music is really boring. Same tune over and over for several hours.There isn't much to do. Quest are not rewarding enough and too menial and common. This game is very far from Sid Meyer's Pirates, IMHO."
76561198030165283,Not Recommended,326410,15866896,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Nightfall,"OverviewFirst, this game is basically the naval version of Mount & Blade without the battles. The trading and questing systems are the exact same. You quest and trade to purchase what is effectively new equipment to improve your stats, and eventually upgrade your base ship after grinding enough gold and quests to increase towns' populations. Not complicated but that isn't a bad thing. In fact, if you're looking for a somewhat casual game to burn time this game is ALMOST excellent particularly given the price. In fact, if not for one glaring flaw, I'd give this game a 7-8/10. Throw in a few other quick tweaks and this game would be one of the better deals on steam.The Really BadHowever, I cannot recommend this game. The problem? The game-breaking pirate spawning mechanics are nothing short of absolutely absurd. Yes, this one mechanic alone is enough to take this game from being a solid game to borderline unplayable.Let me explain what I'm talking about a little bit. The war aspects of the game (as opposed to the questing and trading ones) involve moving region to region liberating all the towns in each region. There's typically 40 regions or so on each map with prates controlling 100% about 30 or more of these regions are partial control of all but 4 with the four playable factions on the map. Each region has a difficulty setting. The farther from your or another faction's territory the more difficult the pirates. That's obvious, nothing new. The problem is that liberating each region requires you to essentially put half the world's supply of wood to the bottom of the sea. Pirates have anywhere from 3-5 ships active on any given region map as long as they control one town. That wouldn't be an issue if the pirates ships didn't spawn as fast as you destroyed them. I literally had map where I turned down the difficulty and attempted to liberate a town the pirates captured. Given that I had a much more powerful ship than the pirates, I camped in the port to liberate the city (as to prevent pirates from spawning in that city). I was killed after face-tanking 8 (yes 8!!!) pirate ships without a chance to repair my ship. The spawning mechanic is so ridiculous that liberating regions requires building an obnoxious number of towers, then buffing them, and avoiding pirates ships and stealing towns while the pirates are bogged down with the♥♥♥♥♥clown allied ships (that are wholly useless and love to sail around aimlessly while towns quickly fall to pirates) and your towers. The effect of this is that you end up avoiding what should be the best part of this game - the naval battles. But since the pirates spawn so quickly and actually work together, there is no such thing as a decisive battle on this game. Kill three pirate ships and the occupied towns to replace them faster than God could fiat them into existence. Early in my first game I had an awesome naval battle. All three or four of my allied ships against all the pirates in the region in pitched battle. It was great. We lost two ships but sank the pirate fleet. Victory... right? Wrong. Despite annihilating the entire pirate fleet, they re-spawned, attacked immediately, finished us off and took three towns (half the map) in the next few minutes. After resorting to the unrewarding town-stealing method, I took control of the region.It's not that this makes the game too difficult. It's worse than that. It's merely not fun. Compounding this is the fact that any region bordering another region has has even one pirate-controlled town subjects the region to pirate raids. This raid can take half a region in only a few minutes. They'll attack from two or three sides of the map (even those not bordering the pirate-controlled region). Since your buff on your towers only lasts 10 minutes, your town-protecting tower cannot hold off even a single pirate ship very long. The result is your liberated region has to go through the same ridiculous garbage again as the pirates nap a town or two and you're forced to go town-stealing while buffing your towers in an effort to hinder the pirates' progress. Just ♥♥♥♥ing stupid.Aside from this game-shattering flaw the game is pretty decent. You can get around this aforementioned issue by turning the difficult WAY down (it will still take you 15-30 minutes to retake a region).The GoodGraphics - the water looks amazing and the graphics as a whole are solid. I'm a hardcore turned-based strategy guy so I don't value graphics much. This game is pleasant to look at without creating any performance issues.Customized Ships - your ship has many different options for adjusting its appearance. The symbol on your flag, the flag color, the symbol color, and your ship's hull can all be changed with paints and sails found or purchased (for very little).Transparency - the game is straight-foward and relatively simple. There wasn't any point in the game where something confused me, I didn't know what something did/meant, and/or I didn't know how to do something. A lot of games overlook this, but this is a non-issue. Yeah, some of the damage/accuracy/range numbers aren't readily translated into useful information, but combat isn't over the complexity that an analysis of the numbers is necessary.The Gameplay - aside from the opening issue and some minor ones listed below, this game is actually fun and could be much more fun with some relatively small changes (a mod would do the trick). The controls are simply yet require some mastery to excel in combat by maneuvering your ship.Difficulty - the combat and difficulty can be adjusted to exactly what you want. I like more difficult games and this game is actually fairly difficult in a good way.The Needs ImprovementAllies - in each region that your faction controls, four allied ships patrol. Unlike the pirates they don't coordinate their attacks nor do they respond to pirate invasions unless the chance upon them really. You can solicit their aid, but since you have to avoid combat to win, there really isn't much point.Grinding - the monetary (gold) rewards from quests and trading are a fraction of what they should be. To acquire better ships you need to spend hours doing the same quests and trading in the same towns over and over again. It's incredibly boring and a lot of it is required right off the bat. Since you need to have a least one ship upgrade better than pirates to handle the endless spawn, you have farm for probably 5 hours on your first map unless you lower the difficult significantly (and lose much of the fun of combat). The good news is your profile carries over your ships and equipment to any new map you start. If you don't want to dominate the new map, you can switch to a lower-level (and faster) ship without it costing you a thing.Content - although the game is simple, it would benefit from some additional content. The other three factions you're not playing don't do anything. The quests and trading never really changes. There's no diplomacy mechanics to spice things up. The pirates and factions have no real distinguishing aspects apart from appearance. One thing that would greatly improve the game would be to really exploit the differences in ships' balance to make them feel unique. For example, the smaller and lighter ships are faster and more maneuverable, but lack the defense and firepower of bigger ships. One might think that this game would allow you to make a choice for the ship design you prefer. No such luck. The smaller and faster ship quickly become militarily obsolete with an upgrade of two doing 2.5-3x the damage. With a little balancing and making the smaller ships harder to hit, it could really make the ship choice vastly more interesting a fun.I'll update this review if anything changes. I really would give this a mixed review if that were an option."
76561198104838437,Recommended,326410,15847989,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Slimb73,This game is very fun. It starts slow but once you get the hang of things you progress much quicker.
,Recommended,326410,16527378,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,DJ Adolf Hitler,WARNING:This game requires patienceI personally liked this game because its well made the graphics are beautiful for such a small game.It was also fun seeing other people enjoy this game by playing on servers with thier fully decked out shipsIts a nice game if you want to just waste some time while listening to music but its enjyable Except when a guy who hasThe best ship and goes into a noob area becomes a pirate and destroys everything you worked forAlso the servers are not packed which can improve gameplay by adding in an isolate feel unless you like playing withOther players and there is no optin for voice chat which sucks but is smart at the same timeWell I had A great time playing I hope you do toSigning offMC-Norwegian
,Recommended,326410,13947127,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,reethok,"I haven't had the time to play this game yet, but it gets updated pretty much daily, and that says a lot from the devs. Ill give it a try soon, but for now I recommend because of the constant updates."
,Recommended,326410,16254916,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Slugger,"Pirates. Ship Battles. The keywords that would hook me into any game, first introducted to me by a twitch streamer I watch.As other reviews on this game says it's a Sid Mier's Pirates! Co-Op edition, in most case it is very true but Windward is all ship battles & trading. It was designed as a mostly instance based game,though it does have a open world setting to be played with a small group of friends as said by the creator of the game. He sure got a suprise when it launched and 200 people were on a server lol. In which may have hurt the perception of the game as people were treating it as a MMO.Gameplay- First half hour might have your head spinning in questions on how things work but things come easier as the more you play and a extremely helpful chat if you are in the populated servers. From here on it's a fun ride to shoot all the pirates or be one! There is also trading to do if that is your fancy.The replayability lasts for a solid 30 hours all of which I really enjoyed and had loads of fun. Afterwards for me it's kind of hard to pickup again as to I unlocked all the ships and skills so there is no other goals except get better loot but hell the level cap is 750 if you so desire to grind up to that. The devoloper is still continuing work on this game and dishing out content & I'll happily keep watch as to what he adds to pick the game up again.For a indie game I'm damn impressed of it. Work could be done on some  balance issues on skills and end game content. It's well worth for $15 buxs"
76561198064005648,Not Recommended,326410,15879679,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Snowman1970,the 'play with a friend' option will NOT work.... false advertising (would not have bought it to play with the family if this was not an option offered)
76561198037188709,Not Recommended,326410,15910504,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,╲⎝⧹FIKON⧸⎠╱,"I'm just gonna put it out there, boats do not leave floating bubbles behind them. Or I guess they do but not that large and they make some waves aswell, otherwise a great game and a great experience.Edit- Pirates spawn way too often, game not enjoyable anymore."
,Recommended,326410,20912600,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Rurt Kussell,"First thing i did was get blind rotten drunk and woke up the next day with 6 wenches. Would definitly visit that port again, except i have an itch. An itch to blow ships up!"
,Recommended,326410,16300535,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,agnan,"I was a bit concerned when I paid full price for this game, but after 2 hours of gameplay I really loved it. I'm not a fan of RPG games, but I do like pirate stuff. Arrr!Graphics: + really good, reminds me age of empires games.- low fps (at least 30) with +10 ships in combat in high settingsGameplay: real time strategic. Learning the basics is really quick and intuitive.As the game progresses, the difficulty of the enemies and rare loot will increase.Windward it's simple and addictive, lots of loots to find and many places to explore. Set your sails and join us."
76561198057703054,Recommended,326410,16233670,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Bill Door,Awesome game In every aspect but it needs more players.
,Recommended,326410,16432632,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Nightman,very fun but gets repetitive after a while
,Recommended,326410,16296897,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Abdul Alhazred,"You get to trade, buy sweet sailing ships and dominate the seas. Fighting pirates is pretty awesome but does get a tad tedious when they attack you from nowhere and capture the town you were sailing to to sell off your goods. But hey, thats what pirates do so you can't even be mad. The world is generated as you sail so thats pretty cool and makes for some neat little passageways you aren't quite sure you can sail through. and you can lead your faction to total domination over the seas which is also pretty fun. Challenge wise, depending on the area the challenge rating goes up so be on your toes and cleared for action cause you might be fine one second and beating to quarters the next."
,Recommended,326410,16339996,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,OniWaru,"In love with this game, it has easy controls and an interesting system. Now if your looking for something that is constantly filled with action, look else where, though there are points of intense action it can also be very relaxing and more economy focused at times."
,Recommended,326410,16065492,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,zephyr,"fantastic little gem of a game! having lots of fun , and im only in a world by myself !"
,Not Recommended,326410,15993542,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Sex Slave,I have like 6-10 hours in this game so ignore the length...this always gltiches on me. Just like i only have 600+ hours in NS2 or 6 hours in CS Source...if thats only the amount of time i wasted -_-The game is fun but way too slow. It takes too long to get to more advanced places and makes the game feel like a grind fest to get decent ships.I wish their was an advance setting that allowed you to customize your sandbox. Also i wish it was a little deeper in combat like sidmirs (sp?) pirates.The game has huge potential but is just too boring and slow at the moment.The graphics are great for the style of game it isAgain the major problem is the ultra slow pass to getting past the entry ships.....so much grinding.I am hopeful though that the dev will add some extra features to aliviate this problem. I really want to love this game like sid mier pirates. I might have to reinstall that game and find that elusive frig of war or whatever.
76561198001883238,Recommended,326410,16711436,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Naugrim,If you like Sid Meyers Pirates - buy this game. Its less dancing and more naval combat + cool quests and trading.  A lot of fun and so worth the money.
76561198045966388,Recommended,326410,15845906,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Acherrum,"Sun, sea, ships...It's just layed back fun, but with a certain complexity for that little extra je ne sais quoi ;)"
,Recommended,326410,20094951,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,xan,Sid Meiers Pirates! meets Diablo.Has everything you could want (Except dancing):* Pirates* Quests* Pirates* Cannons* Broadsides* Multiplayer* Heroic instances
,Recommended,326410,20151074,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Hicksimus,It's a fun and simple game that anybody can pick up.  My big complaint is that it could use a lot more depth for people that aren't interested in multiplayer.  The map is sperated into small regions you travel between but the AI nations do not expand by themselves so if you play by yourself or with friends only on 1 team your only competition is pirates.  As for the AI ships themselves your faction will have a few in every region that you have a town in and they are pretty good at dealing with pirates at default difficulty(I think pirates only attack regions players are in anyway so yourself+ friendly AI is pretty easy).  There is a shallow trade mechanic(you move items from towns with low price to high price <- the AI doesn't even do this it's just there for you to get money).  There are also some missions but they just exist for you to gain resources and to grow cities so they will let you buy better items(the occasional mission gives you a lighthouse/guard tower/town to deploy).There are active multiplayer servers though and you get to bring your ship between them and single player so you don't have to enter as a complete noob.  So singleplayer or playing with 1 friend is a let-down but if you don't mind playing with others it'll be a good game.
76561198019483113,Recommended,326410,16522999,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,TheBlazingMoon,"Fun and addicting 'little' game that continues to grow and improve even after 1.0 release.Value - time played/price paid - definitely a worthy purchase. (It's no Terarria, but Windward is up there)A hack'n'slash game where the hacking and slashing is cannon fire and launching barrels of explosives/fire/old stinky fish toward enemy ships.  Call it an ARPG (heavy on the Action, light on the RPG), and toss some (light) tower defense and (very light) RTS elements in to the mix for good measure.Create your own custom map and factions or have the game make a random one. Manually set the challenge levels (level requirement) of each region in the map - tedious but also important if you want to, say, make a giant spiral map that goes from level 0-330 or higher (default is 0-39).Pick a faction (*combat*/questing/trading/exploration) and set sail. Unlock more ships, better cannons, captain and crew. Level up and spend talent points unlocking new abilities and specializing in defense, offense, or support.The combat is where the game really shines, and it's deeper than surface appearances.Early on, pirates are rather easy to take out. In the higher challenge level regions you can no longer simply trade cannon fire. You will need to get better at staying in their 'blind spot' where they can't return fire. You will need to clear out enemy towers - which will quickly turn a winning battle into a losing one. Hire friendly nearby ships and send them off to create a distraction and buy you enough time to capture a town.You can use guerilla hit and run tactics with a small, fast, high-damage 'Corvette' that can sail through smaller openings and shallower water. You may want to drop anchor in a huge tanky 'Ship of the Line' and soak up damage so your friendly ships can attack safely. You may choose to support your fleet by sailing a 'Galleon' and tossing out barrels of water that put out fires and heal your allies. Or maybe you want to try out the <secret> end-game unlockable ship that can be good at both damage and support but is extremely squishy.However you decide to approach a new pirate-controlled region, it's some good fun and can be quite a challenge. To counter the 'too many pirates spawning' when trying to get the final town in a region - they cease respawning if you or one of your towers are in firing range of their harbor. Use explosives to dredge out a new canal to the town. They'll never see it coming. Fun times with moddable terrain once you find a construction kit.The game is not for everyone. It can be frustrating at times. And it can feel a bit grindy and repetitive on the questing/trading side of things. But this can also be a tranquil relaxing time to de-stress from all your pirate murdering.The majority of my play time is in single-player, but as with most any game, it only gets better when you play with friends (and sometimes strangers too)."
76561198051956364,Recommended,326410,15825933,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Commander,"it has a dev, that visits you with his ship suddenly, when you say you saw a bug in all chat :)"
76561198052977786,Recommended,326410,31448594,Posted: 29 April,all,TheCheeper,"I can't remember when or why I bought this game, but so far, it's become a nice, relaxing way to spend a few hours. It's a little addicting, and really easy to get into. Definitely worth the price imho. 7/10."
,Recommended,326410,24703156,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,InnocentKiller,"fun, not terrible to look at, direct connect multiplayer doesn't seem to work though :("
76561198047420975,Recommended,326410,15822998,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Kanye-Chan,8/10 Would hoist sails again.
76561197984299890,Not Recommended,326410,15824250,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,sploodyman,"Fun, but way too much grinding. Gaining control over areas is very difficult.  Allies are very poorly co-ordinated when defending, but pirates are very aggressive."
,Not Recommended,326410,19808211,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,951Jimbo,"I have heard really good things about Winward, and my brief time playing it was fun, however some technical problems and lack of support make the game difficult to recommend.ProsGood concept in a genre that isn’t seen very oftenFor how small the game is (under 200mb), it looks good and has a lot to offer.There is a good variety of things to do, at least initially.ConsOnly a few servers online had anyone playing, and most of those had minimum level requirements.I did find one that would let me play as a level 0 with other players but it was French.So I went to play single player, and had fun for some time.But then I realized that while my ship was saving my world was not.  Each time I exited the game my world would have to be recreated.  This meant that exploring the map and current quests were lost.Help should be available for this sort of problem, but the guides on steam didn’t address it and Google couldn’t point me in the right direction.And what’s worse, this game is the only game I have ever seen with a discussion board that players aren’t allowed to post to."
,Not Recommended,326410,32871585,Posted: 27 June,all,ISYL,"Ultimately, it's subpar.The reason is because the combat is shallow and unsatisfying. You basically just move around and auto-target any ship within your range. In addition, bigger ships are pretty much universally better. It has no broadside facing-strategy or wind speed and direction like the later Total War series or Sid Meier's PIrates! which are both much more satisfying ship combat experiences. It ultimately devolves into grinding for the next ship size so you can break into the next randomly-generated area.Which is sad, because much of the rest of the game is good. The trade is excellent, it's very pretty, the music is good, and the quests are fun to read.Not reccomended. Go play Sid Meier's Pirates! instead."
76561198046933829,Recommended,326410,28034791,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,joescoggins,"This is my new favorite game. I got it in the black friday week sale and It's been taking up most of my free time since. I wish I bought the 4 pack! It's like a ocean version of Starport GE if any of of y'all ever even heard of that game >.<I am still getting the hang of it but heres some free advice. These are saling ships. They have sales, they us the power of wind to move. Saling against the wind is slow and nearly useless, so if you must go into the wind zig zag in 45ish degree angles and you'll get were you need to go much quicker."
,Recommended,326410,23683048,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Epic Goldfish,"Extremely grindy. If you can get past that, it's a great game."
,Recommended,326410,33457893,Posted: 11 July,all,Robin5218,"Its great, it has some pretty interesting content that may not come to mind when you see gameplay but its simply great with alot of depth. Buy if on discount for best value."
,Recommended,326410,15882665,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Tex Mex,Eve online with out subscripiton but with sailing ships and singleplayerreally good 10/10
76561197980349438,Recommended,326410,15866620,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Damonvile,"You shoot pirates, collect loot and advance your ""character"" It's fun and the co-op option makes it even better."
76561198081381010,Recommended,326410,24045190,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,TheChosenKiwi,Looks much better than the price would suggest. Great little time waster.
,Not Recommended,326410,15879272,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Urdo Sprode,"As a huge fan of Uncharted Waters, Sid Meyer's Pirates, etc., I really wanted to like this game.  I had fun for the first few hours, but then I hit a wall where it was obvious that a boring and repetitive grind was the only way forward.I went for a trading-based character to start, but trading in this game is too limited to be a viable strategy as far as I can see. Not only do the first AND second ship only have 2 cargo slots, with profit on all deliveries on the level of 20-100 gold (for comparison, the first ship with THREE cargo spaces costs 9,964 gold), quests take cargo space.  That's right, if you take a quest to kill a pirate, it takes one of your two cargo slots.Trade routes are also impossible to create, because in order to sell something, you have to find a port that wants one, and selling it may erase the demand altogether.  I ended up with a piece of cargo within the first hour I simply could not sell because no port would buy it any more.  I then had to play with only ONE cargo/quest slot until I died or threw away a piece of cargo equivalent to a third of my wealth.After venturing out a bit more, it became obvious that combat specs were really the way to go.  I respecced into combat abilities and upgraded my ship the best I could and went to town conquering the next two maps, which was pretty fun.  I still don't have enough money to buy the next ship, though, and the fourth map is beyond my level so I am having to rely on NPCs to fight my battles and hope I get some gold and xp... or else I'm going to have to go back to trading/questing for 20-90 gold at a time until I can upgrade enough to win a fight on my own again.  If the grind is this bad at the beginning of the game, I can't imagine how bad it is in late game.There are things that are promising about this game, but it feels as if the devs thought that a grind was a substitute for content.  Maybe it is more fun in multiplayer, but for single player I can't recommend it."
76561198016277251,Not Recommended,326410,15875511,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,AlexMBrennan,"Involves a lot of grinding (for example, if you are not into PVP then you have to grind in singleplayer until you get an item to turn PVP off, so I hope you are into getting ganked by dozens of high level players. Personally, I'd consider this an bad enough flaw to bin the game.Apart from that - as far as I can tell - the game is either trivially easy (trading/questing in safe areas, making maybe 100 per trip until you have collected the 30k you need for a new ship) or impossibly difficult (in a pirate controlled zone you'll get rushed by 4-5 pirate ships the moment you capture a town). Maybe I should have done a few more days of grinding to get a better ship but at this point I'm done wasting my time on this."
76561198045647083,Not Recommended,326410,20820143,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Pablo ϟϟ,"In Windward there are blueprints for ships or a ship that I guess you have a random chance of finding. I found one wasted two days grinding for gold becasue the quest was 500,000 gold 10,000 wood and other things that are easy to get. I turn it in and then it takes the gold and says i now have to go get lumber i find lumber then it adds another little side quest to it that screws me over it demands 2 silk and i am trapped in an instance where there is no silk because i click on the diagram/blueprint thing i could only complete the quest by going to a town called farfort and because i had to leave the instance to go get the silk they decided i needed to get even though i already finishe the damn quest and the first side quest i could not get back to the town and so i lost all my money and wasted so many hours because some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ decided it would be funny to just keep adding little sub quests. if there is any way to fix this please let me know i still have the diagram.TLDR quest ♥♥♥♥ed me over and i think i'm done playing this game unless i find a way to fix this. becareful never to be in an instance and click examine on anything. The game is alright as long as this dosen't happen to you."
76561198043336838,Recommended,326410,20744178,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,ZElephantMan,"The most addicting ship game I've ever played. Gameplay is super smooth. You can be a merchant, a mercenary, or both!!! The way the loot system is set up makes the game that much better. I got it when it was on sale but would pay twice as much for it if I had to. Definitely a game to play with your friends and counquer the world!"
,Not Recommended,326410,18690879,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,5 Bears On Patrol,"Yup. A really nice looking, incredibly tedious pirate game. It's easy, and boring.Cargo space will be limited for the first few hours of play, and good luck buying your second ship. You've got to grind that ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥like it's a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ MMO.Every ♥♥♥♥ing mission takes up cargo space. Of which you start with two slots. Is it a piece of paper? A map? Yup, that's a ♥♥♥♥ing cargo slot.Why the ♥♥♥♥ do I need 'siege supplies' for a siege mission, if I don't need anything to siege the very same city without that ♥♥♥♥ing mission?I don't know how you ♥♥♥♥ up desiging a game this badly."
,Recommended,326410,34577918,Posted: 29 August,all,Its Doctor J,"Interesting at first.But then....You just keep clicking, sailing, and shooting cannons....And then,You just keep clicking, sailing, and shooting cannons....Meh"
,Recommended,326410,25805076,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Rekhun,"So for the casual player this game is a real gem! A little bit of a builder,  combat is fun, and leveling towns takes some time which prevents getting bored with the game. All in all good fun. :-)"
76561198026561976,Recommended,326410,17435637,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Darius Gabriel Black,"Love it so far. I hope there's an expansion soon. In fact, the only thing I can complain about is that I wish there were more. Lots more. The base game is so good that it immediately makes you wish they could turn it into a game with a lot more depth and freedom."
,Not Recommended,326410,21542934,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,postewar,"Shoulda stayed in early access, had so much potential."
,Not Recommended,326410,24234921,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,jbush76,"The game is fun at first, but too repetitive.  Even with the different modes of earning money/experience (trade, salvage, quests), it lacks variety."
76561198078308414,Recommended,326410,30947993,Posted: 4 April,all,SlightlyAngrySteve,"Only a couple of hours in, but I like this game. Easily worth the price, the only shame is the size of the playerbase which is quite small."
76561198042225625,Not Recommended,326410,23897106,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,ikkiyakki,"(en)/(ru)Disappointment of the year, pretty-ish looking (from afar - the models are primitive and all the same) sea adventure themed mobile game - shallow, senseless, monotoneous, demands no skill. Bravo to the devs for they achieved almost impossible - making such a stupid chore in such a romantic salty setting should be acknowledged as an art of its own!Imagine 'Sid Meyer's Pirates!' stripped from all the minigames (arcade, quest, strategy) and left with just sailing around random archipelagos (in corridors literally) back and forth hastily like squirrel in a wheel trying to capture and hold 10 active zones on a map while enemy spawns everywhere and quickly takes them back. Well, ahoy, ***, have fun!It's technically competent, but I prefer the original 1987 game 'Pirates!' over this any day for the rest of my life.***Разочарование года, миленько выглядящая (издалека - все модели примитивны и одинаковы) мобильная игра о морских приключениях - неглубокая (точнее, мелкая как местный океан), бессмысленная, однообразная, не требовательная к умениям. Браво создателям, так как им удалось невозможное - сделать такую тупую нудятину в столь романтичном, пропитанном солью антураже - это необходимо признать своего рода искусством!Вообразите ""Пиратов Сида Мейера"", лишенных мини-игр (аркад, квестов, стратегии), где вам остается плавать вокруг случайных архипелагов (буквально по коридорам) взад и вперед как сучка в течке, стараясь захватить и удержать 10 активных зон на карте, а враг будет появляться за вашей спиной и быстро брать их обратно. Ну, семь футов вам туда, где получают удовольствие!Технически грамотно, но я предпочту оригинальных ""Пиратов!"" 1987 года на любой день во весь остаток моей жизни."
76561198051546064,Not Recommended,326410,33260413,Posted: 4 July,all,Yamantaka,"There might be people who will like this game, but I did not. After playing Sid Meier's Pirates, Patrician III, and Sunless Sea, this feels like its not better than any of them in any aspect. I suppose the multiplayer aspect mightve made it fun - if I'd been playing with people I might have liked it. As it is, it just seems to lack depth, charm, challenge, story or fun."
76561198003174259,Not Recommended,326410,16004188,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,CrankyCoon,"On the surface (of the water, hah!) this game is pretty good.  You have pirates, loot, and various ships.  But after a few hours you will see how shallow (hah!) this game actually is.I had fun for my 20+ hours in the game.  I upgraded my ship a few times, captured maps, etc.  But I quickly realized everyone else in game was ahead of me.  Unless you know and have people to play with, you will be bored.  People are already out-leveling me as a casual player.  So there is nothing for me to do except solo maps.  Those were fine after awhile, but now I just don't see the point to do it again.It's a good game if you don't mind solo play that is repetitive or have friends to join with and to play at the same time, but if you don't then you will find yourself bored.The developer is already making some changes, so maybe in time it would be worth re-visiting.  But for now, I'll be finding port (hah!) someplace else."
,Recommended,326410,16025402,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Bill Adama,Really Nice GAME !!!! Recommend it to every one who likes little RPG games or Games like Port Royale :) @the Devs pls insert more ships and maybe an option to have your own personal Town or Command an Fleet of ships that would be Awesome :)
,Recommended,326410,28980348,Posted: 3 January,all,Ranix,"This is a good game. It's deep but you can learn by playing. I was fried and just wanted to relax, and this♥♥♥♥♥♥was perfect. Two thumbs up as a singleplayer experience.The controls are very satisfying."
76561197988281569,Not Recommended,326410,28698988,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,pvinnitsky,Just play Sid Meier's Pirates! instead. this this is boring.
76561198079676468,Recommended,326410,29996983,Posted: 17 February,all,SPNMightyCain,"Brillient Game for the Money, Cant belive how small it is to download and its still a great game,  really love it highly recommend buying it 100%"
,Recommended,326410,29349496,Posted: 18 January,all,>_,Nice control and gameplay so I love it :D
76561198006527375,Not Recommended,326410,14497465,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Killborn,"While i can appreciate the har work devs put into a game, sadly this game looks great, plays well, and has good music, but is nothing but a sail around from port to port doing delivery quests...very very boring. no story...no character to dress in fine cloths...ships are nice but you cannot upgrade them in detail...I felt like I did not care about my ship at all...zero interaction with other players...and the game had no real tutorial...you pretty much had no idea what to do or how anything worked or why one item was better than another...this is more like a tablet or smartphone game.  Save your money."
,Not Recommended,326410,15817192,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Beider,"Now I only played 2.5 hours of this game, but that is mostly because I got bored of the grind. I might give it another go if I am very bored, but I doubt I will play much longer in it's current state.Windward has many good points, the game itself is an excellent idea but it grows boring very quickly, even the music was amazing at first until I realized it was just the same two tracks on loop over and over. It got incredibly repetitive.This game would be fantastic if it was one huge map maybe 10x or 15x the size of the current map size, then everyone on the same map fighting for control. But as it is now you go to one map, clear it out of pirates, do some quests, move on and repeat. It gets tiresome quickly, the progression speed also seems very slow (unless I did something very wrong, but if I did it wasn't explained to me through any form of ingame tutorial). I spent 2.5 hours with this game and got 1 new ship and 3 upgrades for my ship.Overall, if you don't mind repetitive grinding then go for it. Also if you have friends to play with this game might be more fun, or perhaps some future content patch will make it better. But in it's current state I can't recommend it unless you don't mind blowing 13€ (or your regional equivalent) for a few hours of fun (a trip to the cinema cost the same so why not) until you get bored of the grind.Short summary of good / bad.The good:- Fun concept- Great UI (most indie games suck, but I was impressed with windward UI)- Pretty looking game- Good music (but repetitive very quickly)- Combat seems interesting and lots of stats if you like numbers.- Seems to have a lot of customization options through items, even though I didn't get to play with it much.The bad:- Extremely repetitive (even the music gets old fast)- A few bugs (like pirates would spawn in areas I couldn't get to, so impossible to complete quest)- Very slow progress, I just don't have the time to play a game for 5+ hours to get to the fun stuff. Then I'd rather play a game where I have fun from the start.As a final note I would like to say this is definitely a game to keep an eye on, if the repetitiveness of the gameplay gets fixed in the future I would be happy to recommend this game."
76561198014359125,Not Recommended,326410,13313033,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,brucemcrae,"As it stands right now, Windward is a game in desperate need of a storyline, for otherwise it gets old real quickly. Improving your ship, which is really all this game is about, becomes quite tedious after a short while. In fact, after a while you realize the whole game is pointless. Fight, trade, quest over the same few maps. Yawn."
76561198079432372,Recommended,326410,19571431,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Baron Raymondo,Grind simulator 2015.
76561197968335744,Not Recommended,326410,15827155,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Sebastian,"Many people states this is a spiritual successor to Pirates!. This, it is not.Less story, more grind. Meaningless combat (crew rapid fire guns for you so no elements of tactics). Actually quite boring..."
76561197993061405,Not Recommended,326410,15834085,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,tiaguerazortea,"I don't understand how this game have good reviews. To me it is extremely slow and shallow. And I'm a big fan of slow games like Civ and Europa Universalis. But this game is the bad kind of slow.Let me break it down for you, the first hour of gameplay will be cities asking you to transport stuff around. Traveling is PAINFULLY slow, like a minute to get even to neighboring towns. During that time you do nothing besides steer your ship. And there is zero challenge on that.I swear the game almost lost me right there, but since I paid for it, I was committed to find the fun on it, so I endured the whole starting area all the time saying outloud. ""Okay okay!! I get the concept.... can we more forward already??""Later the game gets slightly more interesting with the battles. But the battles also feel shallow, yeah you have talents and items, u can position yourself, u have one or 2 abilities, but still it just seem pointless as the battles pretty much boil down to. Are u outbumbered? Yes? you lose, no? you win.I'm sorry but I fail to see the fun on the mechanics of this game. At least it has nice graphics and sound."
76561198042277575,Not Recommended,326410,15833599,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,BopBamBoo,Looks good initially but is super simple. There's no variety in the game and either you trade (quest/adventure) which is just accepting a quest or trade and going to the appropriate town and there you go. That's it... that's the game. You can fight but combat is very linear as well. 3/10 would not get
76561197974993598,Not Recommended,326410,24483703,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Lord,"This could have been the next ""Sid Meier's Pirates"", but you will be VERY disappointed if that's what you're looking for.  Here's just some of the problems with that expectation, as far as I can tell:Pros:-Linux support: The only reason (other than price) that I gave this a try at all.-Moddable?  Supposedly this is moddable, (but it looks like nobody's actually taking advantage of it).-Procedural world: This is actually pretty great, it'd be tiring going around the same Caribbean (which isn't terribly interesting in the first place) over and over.Cons:-WAY too ""gamey"".  Unlike Pirates, this game is full of the standard awful copy-paste MMO gimmicks.  Upgrading, ""leveling"", and a numbers/stats game are favored over skill and experience.  (Not saying skill is a non-factor, maybe it is to a small degree.)-Scale: ships are just WAY too big, towns are WAY too big to the point that it's just annoying.  Pirates was stretching things here big time but this game's scale is so far off, any sense of realistic immersion is destroyed.  It sounds silly but the biggest pain so far was that due to the sheer size of ships, you're actually spending much of your time avoiding collisions with other ships!  Pretty sure that wasn't a real problem, other than during busy port navigation.-Instances: oh god, please stop it with the MMO feature cloning.  This ties into the next issue.-Transitions and ""fast travel"": By far the biggest design failure this game has to offer.  Probably due to the multiplayer requirements, but nevertheless, moving to other regions has a load screen.  Not the huge world feeling you get from Pirates or other older explorer games.  Even worse, the the transitions are almost more like ""levels"" than true world transitions.  A major problem with ""fast travel"" is that you can't just turn around and go back across the ""edge"" of the map, obviously, so it's another big immersion killer.-No realism whatsoever: Does wind even matter? Not that it was truly realistic, but wind and weather mattered in Pirates, how did they screw this one up?  It doesn't seem like this was given any thought at all.-""Casual"" feel - don't know if it can be or not, but it feels dumbed down enough that it'd be playable on a tablet.  If I had realized this I would have moved on.If you're a stupid millennial with no attention span looking for yet another MMO-like casual game with a built in treadmill, you'll love this.  But if you're looking for a modern ""Sid Meier's Pirates"" game with added depth and realism (as should be expected of a remake), you're going to be seriously disappointed."
76561198046908671,Not Recommended,326410,17100756,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,dastard,"Lost interest 2 hours in because the combat is so dull. No cannonball types or anything it's just sail around and make the other guys health bar go down first. Usually whoever has the faster ship wins. I also tried trading but that was boring in that you can only hold 2 cargo items at a time, and you cant buy in bulk either.Town B wants gems.Buy 1 gem unit from Town A.Sail to Town B.Sell 1 gem unit at Town B.That's all there is to it, you can't buy 40 pounds of gems and sell 20 at Town B and 20 at Town C.Maybe I should have played more, but 2 hours in and it's not the game for me.Honestly, I just want a remake of Sid Meier's Pirates.I didn't feel like a pirate at all, just a ship floating in the water."
76561198041365219,Recommended,326410,22968852,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,DoubleD,"I get high a lot.  Sometimes I like to play games when I'm high, but if I'm extra stoned then there is only game I turn to and that is Windward.  Thank you ladies and gentlemen"
,Not Recommended,326410,25956469,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,EnduroDoug,"Bought it for the single player experience and, after 4 hours of repetitive fetch-quests and un-challenging combat, I ran into  a wall. The next region has no towns to capture so I can't extend my territory. The region beyond that has numerous towns to capture and lots of fun combat, but alas, I can't capture them because I haven't extended my territory. No problem, I say, I go back to other regions that I control and will look for quests that allow me to settle new villages, hoping to put one in the neutral region. Unfortunately, after another dozen mind-numbing fetch quests, not a single settlement quest appears and I gave up.I tried the MP but couldn't find any servers with more than one person playing (I didn't look very hard, though) so I uninstalled it."
76561198018100054,Not Recommended,326410,23649499,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,dizzy99,"Game is just boring for me after a few hours, same stuff over and over.  Pick up cargo, take to this port, pick up more cargo take it over to that port and fight pirates on the way.What bothers me more then the simple game play is the fact this outfit will not let you post on the forum for this game,  totally censored cause they do not want negative posts about it I assume.  At least you can still post stuff on the reviews.This game is worth maybe $5 to mess with if you have money to burn."
76561198041005596,Not Recommended,326410,19322304,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,tilgalas,"Have you seen the trailer? The one which says 'First hour in Windward', 'Hours later' and then 'Days later'? And everything that changes is the ship's sails color? Well, that's exactly what this game is, you just sail your ship from one city to another, actually waiting for something to happen. You can't set your foot on land, you don't manage your crew, you don't need any supplies, repairs are automatic, you only ever sail one ship at a time, you don't talk with anybody, you barely even have control over your cannons - all you do is just pointing your ship's bow and adjusting speed (not sails deployment, mind you, but speed, as if your ship had a throttle). Even occasional sea battles are not really exciting, either you have better firepower - that's when you win, or have worse, then you lose. In summary - after 15-30 minutes of gameplay you've seen everything there is to this game and it's not much."
,Not Recommended,326410,20386471,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,🔥 Jooty,"The price of $15 is pretty nice, gives a good 3 hours of gameplay, especially when you have friends to play it with you. Long-term, this game is terrible, and becomes unfair.At level 50 and above, the pirates start spawning in great numbers, versus the 4 allies that spawn, 5 minutes intervals between them.Allied ships are just, the stupidest AI I've come across. They throw harmful effects on themself, if not on them then on you, they ram you, block you, leading you to rage quits.There's almost no distinction between the factions other then the colors of their sails, which you can change anyways with sail and hull paint. Going against the 2 higher level factions is LITERALLY unfair, they have special bonuses such as 10% more damage, speed, and armor.The land is nice, but a bit buggy, sometimes you can get stuck on it and fly backwards 10 miles with no control, the towers they provide are way too weak, until you get to the max level of them.Enemy AI have almost 100% accuracy with barrels and such, while my own allies can't hit me with a water barrel 10 feet away.The first couple of levels are fun, when you have to trade and quest to get started. At about 15 you're forced to do instances because the land is too high of a level for you, at about level 25 it's consant grinding and farming.The Syndicate's required reputation of 1000 is far to hard to get, especially when you only have a 100% difficulty. Each quest only gives about 10 reputation each, and they take 2 minutes each. The last faction is also the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t system I can think about. Level 150 and you're allowed to spawn allies near you, and give others rewards, making firefights against other players unfair.The game not very popular either, the highest ranking server has about 60 people on it, the others are lucky to have 15."
,Recommended,326410,15890202,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,WTWR Zydrate,"This brings me back to some of the simpler flash games (Caribbean Admiral, Bucaneers, Pirateers etc) and I was all too happy to pay 13$ for a shinier example of those kinds of games. I've only played an hour so far but it's reminiscent of those games but longer lasting.Thus far I only have one problem, and it may be a problem based around the fact that I'm still in the starter zone - The waterways aren't very dense. Sometimes I'm just going in a straight line to the next town for a couple minutes and it's a very boring jaunt.A minor gripe at best."
,Not Recommended,326410,19968208,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Dog,"This game was perfectly fun for a little while, even during the grind was fun in the upper level instances with friends.  The thing that absolutely gets me, though, is this game had so much damn potential.  They absolutely ruined a game with a perfectly good foundation and started gearing it towards mobile.  It's been several months since the PC version has anything relevant.Whats almost worst than that is once they added Steam Workshop at THAT point is where they stopped supporting PC.  Like, ""Okay now they'll create content for themselves, time to stop creating our own content"".  It's absolutely true, and the workshop doesnt have anything that'll create no more than 2 hours of content.Had so many promising features and a foundation that was good...  But shame on the Dev for entirely stopping content and leaving it up to the people creating content in what seems like a shallow workshop."
76561198135375758,Not Recommended,326410,15880902,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,rogueagent2103,"Mind numbingly boring. I could not believe I paid for this. The economy in this game is drawn out. It is extremely difficult to make money as most of the economy is trading based, and you have to sink a huge amount of time into this without seeing an equal or justified reward.1 out of 5 stars."
76561198118247819,Not Recommended,326410,23665668,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Groundwalker,"I played ""Pirates!"" and couldn't get into this game, felt too grindy.Amazing graphics though.I personally refunded it, but its definitely a game for some people6/10"
,Not Recommended,326410,16309582,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Reryn,"The game played look like the old school game ""sid meyer's pirates!""  It was not. Seriously, save your money. The game is complete trash."
,Not Recommended,326410,15834719,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,rsheldiii,keeps crashing out. not a lot here anyways
76561197978600622,Not Recommended,326410,19958048,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Agarath,"This was a sweet little game to start but all of the negartives are true. Don;t pay more than $ 5.00 for this game.+ Nice graphics+Interesting idea behind the game+nice enough progression in weapons and ship additions-NO SUPPORT of FEEDBACK, ask a question, you might as well be asking an empty room-Repetitive, there is really only a few mission types VERY FEW-The trading protion of the game is interesting enough, but isn't easy to keep organized.-Multiplayer? nah-A.I.= next to uselessI enjoyed this for a VERY short time, and would hesitate to buy anything else this Dev creates. It has basically been abandoned."
,Recommended,326410,12929003,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,sk3ptik,Recommend it? Yes.I'll ellaborate later.
,Not Recommended,326410,19322885,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Teisu Masuku,"So when I was convinced by my friend to get this game we played several hours together, then one day i got curious and got the Apache Heli Mod, which i then found out that not only could i not use it but it rendered all my items as ""modded"".This meant that i could no longer play multi on most servers and if i turned of the mod and joined said unmodded server i could not requip my items after unequiping them, in fact after unequiping my only option was to DESTROY, I couldnt even sell them!In short:Game was fun but if they do not fix the modding problem mods will destroy accounts.(I would have rated this up a million times if my account hadnt been bombed without warning)"
,Recommended,326410,20266460,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,LivingLitch,Sid meyers pirates but without the time limit or the dance battles.
,Recommended,326410,30037968,Posted: 19 February,all,daStef,Yar - Har - fiddle - dee-deebeing a pirate is all right with me!do what you want'cause a pirate is freeyou are a pirate!
76561197969202706,Not Recommended,326410,15946672,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Fulby,"Shallow, repetitive and unbalanced. The trading and questing is tedious, Combat generally is too. Then the sector you're in gets attacked by a wave of pirates who will capture one or more towns while you're retaking the first one the captured. AI ships don't go to defend the towns and new pirates spawn so quickly you can't keep up. If you do succeed, you just go and do the same thing in the next sector but the numbers on the equipment are a bit higher. Overall it's pointless and frustrating."
76561198032767908,Not Recommended,326410,20514902,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Lil Windex,"No, another mobile port they built on / exploited PC gamers to flesh out.Not to mention the fact that my first experience on official servers was of an admin giving themselves things via the console.Another example of Steam needing better screening processes / transparency from developers."
76561198005451997,Recommended,326410,13753202,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Shokdanod,Discovered♥♥♥♥♥and then plundered it.  10/10
76561198076923402,Not Recommended,326410,24347887,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,funkymonks,Overall its a pretty fun game but can become very...grindy. I got the brigadier in a few hours but could not go into other regions with higher difficulty.
76561198043286563,Not Recommended,326410,15943894,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,danhell2011,"After 47 hours of game play, I can't take it anymore. I doubt people will last up to 100 hours before uninstalling it and here are my reasons :- Doing instances is the only way to level up and getting good gear quickly, making factions territory domination a waste of time that no one cares about.- Guard towers do way too much damage in instances, especially when I spawn in the middle of them instead at one of the 4 towns we own, by the time I get to the action I get popped, a self destruct button would be really great, seriously.- NPC dread ships, especially corvettes do such ridiculous damage that they can 1 hit pretty much anything, which is pretty stupid.- I really don't understand gear attributes in this game, it's like every piece of gear has a compromise of something, one cannon has high damage but low accuracy but on the other hand I got this other cannon with low damage and high accuracy?  WTF? Really?- Is there any point to level up? I mean whether I'm Talent 1 or 110 I still get popped just as easily. Even with all skills maxed out, I really see no difference in my defense / offense out put compared to a new player. Scaling is a real deal breaker.- Why give players the power to create their own server? Just do 1 dedicated server and be done with it. You need 20 people or so for a Heroic and even then, it takes for ever to complete. Playing solo is just stupid since the friendly AI drop like flies, seriously one fart and down they go. You hire them, they don't follow you, if they see a guard tower they'll stop to attack it but the stupid guard tower is placed in a location that nobody gives a rats butt about.- Sails ... 1 or 2 hits and my sails are swiss cheese and my ship becomes less mobile.- PvE bump ins is the ultimate reason I can't take this game anymore and giving it a thumbs down, this ain't EVE-Online where you can just park your ship and fire at will. Windward you always got to spin around and avoid other players and work your butt off for lousy exp and gear. For all the hard work, might as well play some good old fashion hack N slash like Diablo, Torchlight, GrimDawn, Path of Exile.  After 47 hours of game play, I cannot bring myself to log in anymore knowing that I got to spin around and spam skills for a hour to finish a heroic for maybe 1-2 levels?For 15 bucks, I got roughly 50 hours of game play out of it, if you're looking to get 100+ hours out of this, chances are you won't and there are way better games that are under 10 bucks that will bring you way over 100 hours of game play.  In a few months I'll try Windward again, maybe then I'll change from Not Recommended to Recommended.To finish, WindWard makes a old RTS Shattered Galaxy (2001) a God send and especially with the remake in the works and I'm actually going to play it now since I started the download before writing this."
76561198070846161,Not Recommended,326410,17418626,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,rakkhot,"This game could be good, but it's to slow for it's own good. The fighting is fun, but that's all there is questing and trading is just absolutely boring because your ship is so slow and it's no fun at all to sail around.And even the fighting the one good point I find with this game really suffers when you have to play with AI comrads, they really suck, all they do is rotting themselfs together onto 1 point they try to capture, while the pirates can split up and take diffrent points while still rotting together in a fight.As a multiplayer-ship-fighting-game ..... yea I can see that, but I treid the single player so I'm judging that, because that's the impotant part for myself.If they would make the sailing around MUCH faster outside of fights and also would make a automated tracking system so you wouldn't need to do all the moving around while questing/trading yourself, the game would be fun.If they would also create a much more realistic trading system where you can get anything everywhere just for diffrent prices it wouldn't be so annoying when you get a sealed letter quest where you need something from the other side of the world while your still level 5 or so, because now you have to discard it and the pretty nice reward to get back the space in your cargo area.If these points would be changed, yea then I could reccommend it to other ppl until then, stay away from single player it's boring and gets annoying quickly."
,Recommended,326410,15835369,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Paris,named a town DEEZ Nuts so everyone on the 140 person server had toGrow it.also the game is amazing. can't stop playing. blklives town just put up
76561198008463630,Not Recommended,326410,16743068,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Torendactyl,"Bland and repetitive. Nothing really to do. Combat is too easy and simple, with no real skill involved, just who has a bigger ship. Quests are generic and disinteresting, and end up being repeat quests 10 minutes into the game. Would not recommend."
76561198008506080,Recommended,326410,13260520,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Wyrmgol,Game is awesome
76561198084296428,Not Recommended,326410,20888090,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Stompzz,if you like boring games this one is for you =)
76561198002454188,Recommended,326410,15840260,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Jack The Drunk,Played 12 hours in the past 3 days. This game gets you hooked.
76561197970934684,Recommended,326410,15367184,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Aetrion,This game is surprisingly deep and entertaining for something that looks so simple on the surface.
76561198049949381,Recommended,326410,19862286,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,lancelot2001ca,"Good casual ship war-trading-colonizing game.It is a simple one that only takes a minute to understand. It is entertaining.But like all ship games, it takes lots of your time in the end due to ship travelling. Fortunately, you don't travel across an empty ocean here, there is always something to see or even pickup!Grab it, it's really worth its price!"
76561198142491500,Recommended,326410,19297677,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Gigantic Mongoloid,"This game is based on what you want to do, if you wanna buy and sell go ahead. If you wanna go fight pirates or players go ahead. Even if you want to go explore or ally with friend  you can!Pros:- Flawless Fighting Mechanics- Graphics are 10/10- Create new settlements- Multiplayer- Makes grinding funCons:- Cant fish- Sometimes the game can bug and you can't place a colony- You have to use programs like evolve to connect to friends________________________________________________________________________________All in all a very good game however, I wish there were more boats and different things you can do besides trade, fight, and quest. For instance maybe fishing, have more than 2 ai's and be able to have an armada of ships.Boats you could add:- Fishing Boats- Man o' War- Settler VesselsOther Mechanics you could add:Control more than one ship for instance switch between ships.However, I do recommend this game its a great time."
,Recommended,326410,19921214,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Rohot,"Nice game, easy controls, loading times are really really short, fun co-op. This is a perfect action game."
76561198104936155,Recommended,326410,32885297,Posted: 27 June,all,<SMO>MercUpForHire,You captain a boat. Nuff said.
76561198073650050,Recommended,326410,19577208,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Xavanux,"pretty fun, long grind in singleplayer, can be subsided by playing on the multiplayer server and joining a heroic instance."
,Recommended,326410,15847570,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Wendigo,Hands down great lil game. Could play this for hours. On a bad note I'm an avid sailor and the wind and sail coordination really sucks...otherwise great game..
,Recommended,326410,15877329,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Sanic,You sail about shootin stuff
,Not Recommended,326410,20207799,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Endyo,"If you're looking for Sid Meier's Pirates!, this is not that.  It falls short in many areas.  Port engagement is vaguely similar, and you still steer your ship with the keyboard, but that's about it.If you aren't looking for a Pirates!, well let me say that on the surface this game looks nice and has a solid soundtrack (though limited), but it really is just a sandbox where you sail around, steer your boat in circles at every bit of combat, and trade pick up repetitious quests.  That concept could work if it was more engrossing like a 3D sort of first-person experience, but a top down perspective where you do next to nothing but steer and click menus is bland to say the least.I'm still looking for that high quality Pirates! experience.   Maybe Firaxis will decide to reboot it like XCOM one day and we'll get a really enjoyable experience once again."
,Recommended,326410,13657326,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,S.T.A.R.S,If u like a pirates life then buy this
,Recommended,326410,23783928,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Shien,My only gripe with this game is that I have no friends to play it withIts perfect in every other way.
,Recommended,326410,32983722,Posted: 29 June,all,PalpyBoi,"Did you ever hear the tragedy of Darth Plagueis The Wise? I thought not. It’s not a story the Jedi would tell you. It’s a Sith legend. Darth Plagueis was a Dark Lord of the Sith, so powerful and so wise he could use the Force to influence the midichlorians to create life… He had such a knowledge of the dark side that he could even keep the ones he cared about from dying. The dark side of the Force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural. He became so powerful… the only thing he was afraid of was losing his power, which eventually, of course, he did. Unfortunately, he taught his apprentice everything he knew, then his apprentice killed him in his sleep. Ironic. He could save others from death, but not himself."
,Recommended,326410,15760451,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Freshprince of Bel-Air,"Shoot Cocktail bomb at enemy pirateEnemy Pirate now on fire rams into meSets me on fire, we Both dieGet double kill achievement11/10"
76561198041334354,Recommended,326410,16805740,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Dreadnought,"It is an alright game, for the asking price of 15$ it is worth it, and even better to support an indie devHowever do not play it in single-player as it becomes mostly a grind and quests and enemies become very repetitive.I recommend that the dev make towns more interesting, have higher level towns spawn local area defense ships and have different tree upgrades that the player can influence for unique benifits like strong items, or unique ships or very good mark down prices for trading."
76561198195179339,Not Recommended,326410,16089737,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Juice_VanO,I've put 19 hours into this game only to lose my ship and all of its upgrades.
76561198176162399,Recommended,326410,20901066,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Mooshie167,how many ppl play this?Like online daily?
76561198196291045,Not Recommended,326410,15920228,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,dlangwin,"This is an extremely simple game to play. It is extremely time consuming for what little you get out of this game. You just float around on a boat, on simple quests to carry cargo, and peopleto different cities. In the beginingthe music is ok; however, by the time you get to another level, you are ready for the music to, ""just go away"". I persoonally would not recommend this game to anyone. I am ready to fire a cannon into my own head!!!"
76561198074687039,Not Recommended,326410,15888376,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,It's burning men! Hallelujah!,"not worth it to buy. i like this type of game and generally play solo but this game's single mode isn't good enough. actually boring. if you want to see good example google it ""pirateers"" its basic as this game and free and not boring. developers have to play that game for learn how to create a enjoyable pirate game."
76561198125298639,Not Recommended,326410,15930366,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,nikkapikka,The single player gameplay is very repetitive and the trading system lacks depth. The graphics are great and the skill tree is a fun feature to play around with. At this time I wouldn't recommend getting this game. Maybe if the trading system is overhauled or other features are added in a future update I might change my mind.
76561198042011843,Not Recommended,326410,16080555,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Samurai Jack,"The game is great visually and feels very polished, but the gameplay is so slugish and repetative that I just dropped the game after buying my first ship, it took me hours to earn enough for my first ship and to see how many levels there are of the same content just scaled up to higher stats I feel that it just wasn't worth my time.For an indie game I was suprised by the polished gameplay and audio, but the pacing really lets this title down, I can give it a 6/10 but as for my own enjoyment with the game, it became very boring after just a few hours."
,Not Recommended,326410,15980288,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,mwyeoh,"Unfortunately at the moment, I dont recommend windward as it is quite a shallow game. Trading is shallow and there is little skill in combat.I hope the game improves over time as it genuinely has a good thing going for itAlso it would be good if there was an option for hidden maps at the beginning so you dont know what to expect"
76561197993500303,Not Recommended,326410,15899001,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Gorebane,"The game is hard to recommend in it's current state. It feels very empty and unfinished, there's very little to do. Every map is the same as the last and apart from the very simplistic combat and generic go-there, or kill-that missions there is nothing to do.This game is obviously designed for a phone or tablet as the UI sucks. Where are my faction levels? What ship type do I own? You'll find yourself asking a lot of questions like these, because there is no UI to give you that information.In all honesty you are far better off playing Sid Meier's Pirates."
76561197984303996,Not Recommended,326410,15901829,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,dbratton2,"Am I missing something here? This game is simply dull and repetitive. Not much going on at all. You sail to a port, check rumors and quests, then sail to next port and repeat. Combat consists of sailing in circles. I've played a couple of hours and honestly don't see much to recommend to anyone. At least it was cheap."
76561198117028078,Not Recommended,326410,15911700,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Thouhand,"The idea of this game is great but a massive imbalance exists with no separation of toxic high level players from newbs. Say you want to try and do something outside of the 1 dimensional daggerfall style quests? No, several high level players will just warp into your region and screw you out of doing anything. Then make fun of you for having a life that exists outside of the steep grind which NEVER gives you a satisfying payoff. Screw saving yourself the money, just save yourself the time."
76561198013559695,Not Recommended,326410,16104429,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Rukiri,"I thought ""procedurally generated world"" meant it would be a large open world to explore.It's not.It's a grid of small maps connected together. World overall is pretty small. This is an objectives based tactical simulator. Not an open world to explore."
76561198020169003,Not Recommended,326410,16224706,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,T-dubbs,"It has all of the basics down though, the combat is good and the general mechanics are good as well. The problem, however, is that you really just stop caring by the end, there is no reward for questing or missions. By reward, I mean a sense of acomplishment. The quests feel like a chore to get more resources to buy larger ships. I've only played single player, but I think overall there is no point to the game. If you want to play a pirate game, play pirates by sid meyer, a far more fun pirate game, its quests acutally mean something despite the mediocre gameplay."
,Recommended,326410,15801725,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Dinoworld112,"Tradeing, upgradeing ships custom map creation pirates custom sails, war with other factions,   custom paint jobs.  Single player, co-op mp,  Tatical,Pretty good :)"
76561198014151713,Recommended,326410,15944850,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Pancho,"A very polished, beautiful and original naval RPG that can be played casually or min-maxed ?What more can you ask for !This game deserves a big playerbase. Get it, it's under 15$."
,Recommended,326410,20918803,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,jestrick,Simple. Repetitive. Amazing.
76561197983225841,Recommended,326410,20454628,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Zyrby [rus][eng],"Very nice sandbox. Simple, addictive and looks good."
,Recommended,326410,20508157,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,>K·§·A<´°Sþíké¸°°»»,Great game! Takes the appeal of being a simple boat from Age of Empires and amplifies what you are.
,Recommended,326410,15905447,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Meatwad,"Pretty awesome game for $15, single player gets mad addictive on its own.. and once you get into multiplayer it's a whole other story. Massive customization for a game this price, graphics and stuff are pretty basic but definitely not bad. PVP is a damn good time, PVE is a good time but can get repetitive after a while. Definitely worth $15!"
,Recommended,326410,17455301,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Doreiku Sama,Stronk ship nuke terrorist! No terrorismus allowed!!
76561198098129405,Recommended,326410,14558391,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Pyro,"I bought this game after reading several promising reviews here and checking out the gameplay images and clips above and i have to say i wasnt dissapointed with quality of the game. The graphics are beautiful, Its a sleek and well created game that i am enjoying very much and can see will get better as i advance through the games varied componentsWell done to the dovelopers and everyone involved in the games creation, Im now a big fan and will be looking forward to seeing whats to come for Windward"
76561198079284835,Recommended,326410,18464543,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,phantom,very relaxing and fun to play!!!
76561198062129615,Recommended,326410,18281274,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,IronRain,"I ♥♥♥♥ING LOVE THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥Rest in peace Captain Nate the man I found floating in the ocean and sold for a bit of coin.Sincerely,Captain Shaftsberry"
,Recommended,326410,20093266,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Tea Bird,*Spawns in*Goes into Closed off bay area for town*Gets trapped by Ai*Attempts to squeeze through Ai*Glitches under map*Spams Smuggler missions*Gets best ship11/10 would money farm againBut seriously it is an awesome game!
,Recommended,326410,28489680,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,JackDaniels325,"Great game.Worth plenty of Replay.You can spend hours of play attempting to get the best gear for your ship, or attempt to build the perfect map for you and your friends.The steam Join is still not properly working for me and my friends for when we play this game.- We have had to resort to using Hamachi to play a virtual LAN connection.Simplified Naval Combat at its finest.- Select the body of the ship you want- and select the weapon ship equipment as you collect it or buy it through out all the regions.- Drop-in-drop out Region playing with different factions for a Coop fun or Multiplayer enjoyment.For a more indepth look here is a video lets play of my time playing the game.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=808100597"
,Not Recommended,326410,22181033,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Stufftough,"I got bored pretty quick, so maybe I didn't give it the full chance. But I see where it was going, its a nice idea, but control wise it was tough to steer the ship and combat was too simple, dont know how to explain it."
76561197996748290,Recommended,326410,16129952,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Steezy,"Great game, love how frequently the game is being updated.Only thing that's missing is more loot because pirates like to plunder ;P"
,Recommended,326410,23898461,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,mischmeister,"For the small price tag this is a recommendation. Nice graphics&audio, no bugs, entertaining for a couple hours.It's a bit of a heartbreaker for me though, as this skeleton of a game would have what it takes to beatSid Meyer's Pirates.But the other factions you play with won't expand, they just stay where they are. You can only dream of the AI expanding and attacking etc.So with this static gameplay i'll still give a recommendation, but my heart bleeds when i think of what this game could have achieved with a few changes."
76561198006603237,Recommended,326410,15883253,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Khadras,"Was great when it launched and thousands of players were playing.As time went by, people left and more or less killed the game.This is a online multiplayer game, but without people its sadly not that great.Sid meier's pirates is still the game ya want for singleplayer.8/10"
,Recommended,326410,15885134,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,nuNo,"This game is pretty fun. Its not particularly challenging, but its fun to just go from port to port trading things and collect loot. Also... ignore the 3/10 review rating given by the gamespot website. This game is definitely NOT a bad game."
76561198064397067,Recommended,326410,15902971,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,XExarKunX,great game. its like torchlight but with ships! no level cap and recent fixes have actually made trading worth doing! honestly for the price of this game its got alot more to do and to have fun in than most 60 dollar full priced titles.cant recommend it enough.
76561198057058537,Recommended,326410,15867784,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,bronskii,"Nifty little quest game, good for killing a few casual hours on a rainy sunday."
,Recommended,326410,15870166,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Ezekial  🐸,"You like boats?You like sailing?You like trading?You like exploring?You like killing pirates?You like lighting stuff on fire?If you answer yes to any of these, then you'll probably like this game."
,Recommended,326410,15870057,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Zinabas,"Alittle grindy, multiplayer is a must but Borderlands meets Pirates! is always fun."
,Recommended,326410,16104400,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,[FU] Xintar,Best dev and best game I've played in years. Fully on the line of quality with Banished and I just love how the dev is totally devoted to the game and its players even after release.A definitive must buy!
,Recommended,326410,32991146,Posted: 29 June,all,xYc ☁,"2,5 for something like that are dame well spent.Very fun and chill game."
76561197968425189,Recommended,326410,18030352,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Particulator,"This game IMHO is a jewel that deserves to be discovered. At 122mb in size, it packs a lot. Good graphics, nice ambiant sounds and funny NPCs comment when you meet them on your travels.The gameplay is easy to understand and after an hour of play time, you know all that there is to know. Deliver cargo or passengers you pick up at different cities for small rewards. Capture enemy towns or sink pirate ships for higher rewards and loot.I wouldn't recommend playing this game only in single player mode because the allied NPCs artificial intelligence isn't that great. On several occasions I was trying to conquer a map while the allied NPCs remained near already conquered towns, ignoring the pirate owned cities. For the lower level maps it wasn't much an issue but above level 30 it becomes quite an issue and makes conquering a full map long and tedious.That being said... the multiplayer portion of the game has also some issues. If you join a largely populated server then you will be faced with maps that have been already conquered long ago, leaving you to do small quests until you can catch up. Sure there are instances you can join or create but most of the time, if you are starting your life as a captain you'll end up dead quite quickly. Still, playing in multiplayer will have you raise in levels way more quickly.I beleive that playing with a few friends on a private multiplayer game is the way to go, that's where this game trully shines. You will be able to generate maps at will that will suit your needs. You will have the number of ships to plan and develop strategies to capture enemy towns. That's how the game was meant to be played according to the devs.There are plenty of upgrades and ships you can aquire as you level up which adds to the long term gameplay. Some people may say that there is also some balancing issues to the skills at higher levels but I think not , the game is harder as you get more used to it, which makes sense.In conclusion, I have to give a ""tip of the hat"" to the devs that made this game. I don't remember having one single bug while playing so far and again... at 122mb of data only, it's obvious they did a great job coding this game.I would give this game a perfect score of 10/10 if the allied NPCs Ai's was a bit more polished."
,Recommended,326410,25969919,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,DeaconnFrost,Fun game! I liked the pace it set and can def see putting some more time into this.
,Recommended,326410,28316602,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,KittyTeam,Yes
76561198155661088,Recommended,326410,33355872,Posted: 7 July,all,Vikkdrasik,"I've been playing this game for 54 hours. The graphics are beautiful and the gameplay is quite cool. There's tones of stuff to earn and the overall game is pretty cool. Its the best ship game I've seen so far. Surely, there's some little bugs here and there that can be frustrating sometime; but the community will help you get through those. Most people playing this game seems rather awesome and its very fun to just chill with friends on the sea and all.By the way, no landlubbers are allowed here. If you're one, get out of this page."
76561198370375711,Recommended,326410,33362167,Posted: 7 July,all,r.pasheek,I love naval combat strategy games add the RPG element to it like they did in windward totally awesome I have not been able to stop playing I don't ever want to put it down I can't wait to do and see what happens nextawesome Graphics great control spot on A must for anyone who's a fan of these kind of games give it a shot you won't be disappointed
76561198085295951,Recommended,326410,33418586,Posted: 9 July,all,arnoldjosh13,"-it has good game play i like the way the ship you control follows your mouse when left click, the ships move very well too.-i like the art style it's very simple and basic, it is also easy to tell what ship is which-the combat is satisfying especially when you destroy enemy ships"
76561197973465924,Recommended,326410,33451312,Posted: 11 July,all,MR_Miyagi,"Good fun. Sat down for a few minutes to see what it was like, then realised it was two hours later..."
,Recommended,326410,33557010,Posted: 15 July,all,thursday,"Such an amusing game.At first, I thought it wouldn't be a great experience for a 2 dollar game, but once I get used to it, I played it unceasingly."
,Recommended,326410,33561481,Posted: 15 July,all,Mike Frett,"This is one of those explore, quest, build and fight games that I so enjoy. I do have one nagging issue -- there are like six or seven quests that repeat over and over to the point of boredom. If the Dev is reading, consider adding about twenty-five more quests.Another thing is, somewhere it says you can buy Guard Towers and Light Houses at any Town -- untrue. Acquiring those two items are totally random and sometimes not at all.Having replayability is a key for singleplayer. So please, to any Dev making Games like this: Add more quests! With that said, you can easily get 24 hours out of the Game before it becomes boring."
,Recommended,326410,16537467,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Leo,"I started attacking a pirate, he almost killed me so i bribed him with 300 gold - now he kills his fellow pirates11/10 would bribe again"
76561198007336923,Recommended,326410,15831702,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Fade,"First part:  Had some issues getting loads to work, after 3ish hours working the problem with a couple vendors found AVAST 2015 premier software firewall was blocking some part of the steam cloud load - until i find out what, it has to be manually disabled during loads.  All steam products and windward are unblocked.  *shrug*Second part:  Love this game now that I found workaround for my loads.  Always loved Pirates!  Will update further along in play.  So far its pretty good first 18 or so levels, be sure to hire other ships or its hard ;)"
76561198037958863,Recommended,326410,15834419,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Waysted,Caution....Contents could be habit forming!10/10
,Recommended,326410,15834943,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Jarith,This game sucked me in and 3 of my friends tonight.  If you loved Sid Meier's Pirates! and sandbox games you'll want this!
,Recommended,326410,15839245,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,MikeyYoFool,"Named a town Hoe, Hoe was in Dire need of Meat 10/10"
,Recommended,326410,15839327,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Hadean™,"Most fun I've had playing a game in months. It starts out a bit slow, but it really picks up. Kinda like Planetside, but on a ship with a few tweaks. High 4/5."
76561198023421945,Recommended,326410,19954516,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,<: [MG] Bigz :>,"Ahoy matey!!!Yarr this game tis not for no land lubber like ye. But if yer looking for fun, pve, and pvp then get this game now."
76561198208429755,Not Recommended,326410,21033061,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,JDOGGY255,"The trailer makes it look like a high action MMO, it is not very slow pase adventure game. It takes some practice to get good at it, also the leveling up is very slow making it hard to defeat enimies. I would'nt say the learing curve is really crazy like DOTA but it takes a while like I said. Anyway this is just how i think of the game."
,Not Recommended,326410,20985254,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Achillezzz,sort've fun but not worth $7.49... maybe $4?
,Recommended,326410,15818920,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,AceMaster,Sid Meier's Pirates meets procedurally generated maps with a sprinkle of RPG and MP adds for an infinite amount of replay value.  It's a short review but it sums it up nicely :)
,Recommended,326410,28168246,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,TheGreatOne«,hella fun.
76561198195079926,Not Recommended,326410,15926353,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,marcu.prie,"Hi together,I usually don't feel the urge to write a review. But I bought this game because of the good reviews. And I really do have to ask myself: ""What's up with you guys?"" Is there some drug disturbance? Else I cannot explaine the positive grading. THIS is the most boring game I ever played. It strongly reminds me at times, where no computer games were kind of sparce. Maybe when Laisure suit larry did his best. BUT it lacks in diversy and in plot and actually in everything. Whith the better graphics it has (not quite cool today, except of the water, but anyway), it could not compete. After driving around for 4 hours to get some XP or gold, and didn't get enough to buy a better ship, I installed the game. And I am mad at the people giving a good review for this game. It is ridiculous to give this game a positive review. Just compare Anno 1404 with it, which now is about 4 years old (and does cost less!!). WTF."
,Recommended,326410,32431432,Posted: 15 June,all,Henry Guo,love it.
76561198193567897,Recommended,326410,28811310,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,NA-11,"Very fun, wish there was first person but very fun and addicting"
,Recommended,326410,20752782,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,little boi with laser i's,"Tis a great game! If you want to learn how to play, I do not recommend hopping straight on to a multiplayer server. Just screw around on the singleplayer and everything will be alright."
,Recommended,326410,33341244,Posted: 7 July,all,Indian Street Shitter,"Wish this game didn't die, was hella fun for the first few weeks I played, I decided one day to play it again, I finished the download and launched it to find no one was playing the game. :("
,Recommended,326410,24807194,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,killjuss,"fun game!rpg with boats, including trade ship battles and more!"
76561198093843067,Recommended,326410,28891228,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,mrkueling,"Good game but low replay valueI loved the music, quests, and battles"
,Recommended,326410,20273970,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,。。めめ。。,9/10 ships
,Not Recommended,326410,20278772,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Bronie Javo,"Doesn't have enough depth, it's a bit too slow and there are just better uses of your time."
76561198073603472,Recommended,326410,27960496,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,battlebloxs,Just brought this game what can i say its amazing best pirate adventure game i played in a long time defenate must buy for your library
,Recommended,326410,16040135,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,W.A. the Anum,"Which game can i compare with ""Windward""? I would compare it with ""Sid Meier's Pirates!"" but pretty much more ""simple"" (Well at least the classic version i remember from the C64).The most missing part which doesnt exist in Windward is the fence-Battles so it concentrate only about your ship, ship cannon battles and like. As simple as it plays as simple it really even is. The stats are simple to understand at least if you know what a ""sail"" or like is (dont get me wrong, some people doesnt even know, sadly). Its pretty funny but mostly/more if you play it at least with a friend.Its lovely made and for a lil relaxing time its the right game just to sail away over the oceans and maybe hit some pirates.One thing i only dislike is this ""burning Barrel/Inferno"" skill is way to OP, even if you skill defensive..."
,Recommended,326410,32072205,Posted: 30 May,all,MadMrMod,good game to jog memories of childhood games
76561197966771655,Not Recommended,326410,18319818,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Crowe,Loads of fun UNTIL the fire/poison AoEs. Grogolov and Noxious Fumes pretty much take all the fun out of the game. Forget strategy or anything else. You and your ship will be stuck burning while attempting to avoid the massive patches of green and orange filling the screens.
76561198036822680,Recommended,326410,23952311,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,JOHNDOE(1),"Windward is a game that has it's downsides yet still managed to capture my intrest.The gameplay is slow (outside combat) and quide tedius with many small, seemingly meningless tasks, but the game caters to relaxed gameplay with a sprinkle of tension. You can play alone, co-op or pvp.There is an official server and unofficial ones you can join.If you wish to host a multiplayer game you need a router with port-foward (5127 TCP). Also, your firewall hates you._____Pros_____-Pretty water.-Runs on a bad PC.-Cross platform multiplayer.-Hours of gameplay.-Defence building.-Terrain manipulation.-Actual challenge (If you seek it).-Simplistic combat?-Quirky humor.-Persistent characters(Ships) cross servers .-Steam Workshop._____Cons_____-Ugly trees.-Repetitive gameplay.-Simplistic combat?-No proper tutorial.-Bad Item explanations/tooltips.-Small playerbase."
76561197961127711,Recommended,326410,23969506,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Alexandros Crane,"This game reminds me a lot of one of my favorite Sega games, Pirates! Gold. I really dig that it's both open world so it's basically generated as you play but also that you can customize how much things appear and what the world map looks like yourself. There's enough things to keep your attention for a while, between quests and sharing on the open market so it's easy to get lost in.... Trust me."
76561198007059843,Recommended,326410,24286893,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,IRIE WARRIOR,It's what Age of Booty should have been
76561198003046363,Recommended,326410,24345337,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,HHuubboo,Relaxing smuggling!
76561198005400020,Recommended,326410,15808945,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Bloodwolff,"Cool game, only been playing for a few mins now, but I like the concent. Liking the trade runs, quests etc :)"
,Recommended,326410,16972857,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Halfwit,Best sea faring sandbox game ever:)
,Recommended,326410,21959080,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Geebomb,"Whether you enjoy trading games or strategy/action games this is for you, it really sucks you in and won't let you out again, perfect if you have just 10 minutes to play or hours!"
,Recommended,326410,33064089,Posted: 30 June,all,Helping Hoof,"It's no Port Royale, but in this case that's a good thing.With configurable maps and procedurally generated environments (which can be blasted until nothing but sea remains if you so choose), there's plenty of opportunity to set a game up for nothing but pirate-hunting, or engage in all-out factional warfare alone or with friends. If you want a more peaceful solution to things, visit towns for trading or doing quests.It's mostly a calm game unless you dare venture into more challenging areas of your map, where you might end up hanging on to life by the thinnest of threads if you manage to avoid getting sunk by some capital captains in their galleons and frigates and other warships.The AI can be a bit of a dork at times, what with crashing into other ships or beaches and getting themselves stuck for no apparent reason, but that's not a gamebreaker. It's enjoyable to take to the seas and slowly but surely take control of the map for whichever faction you decide to ally yourself with at the time."
,Recommended,326410,30665495,Posted: 22 March,all,Aspari ♥,Is very goodDo getSimplistic yet addictive:D
76561198016061373,Recommended,326410,30989472,Posted: 6 April,all,Whisper33526,"Not terribly complicated, but a fun little sailing game.  I have not tried multiplayer yet, but am looking forward to trying it out."
,Recommended,326410,19974090,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,bleh,"Why does every game have ""Sandbox"" in its description, its not a sandbox game. It's just an RPG in boats. it is fun but it's definitely not what it was described as"
76561197972234707,Recommended,326410,15839781,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Axe,very good game
76561198069922743,Recommended,326410,19398633,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,eddieballgame,"I can absolutely recommend this game. I own both the Steam & GoG versions just to support the dev & GoG. Actually, very cheap for the amount of gameplay one gets. Recently completed a 15 hour marathon vs a friend of mine. :)I have read a few of the reviews, particularly the negative ones. For the most part, I could not disagree more with the negative ones. Windward offers a unique gaming experience, something lacking in many, many releases.This game, particularly, shines in multiplay. With customization & modding allowed, I am confident this gem will only get better. Thank you to the developer of this fine product."
,Recommended,326410,30641541,Posted: 20 March,all,TheTroll™,yet another fun and relaxing game added to my pile of games i dont play
,Recommended,326410,21186052,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,<skrt>? B R U H</skrt>,10/10 would boat again
,Recommended,326410,29081446,Posted: 7 January,all,Niche King,Decent game.No story.Very small online community.Can be boring to play alone.But pretty fun and relaxing.
76561198014323898,Recommended,326410,29214801,Posted: 12 January,all,jaguar927,"Definite;y worth playing with a few friends, otherwise it can get repetative"
,Recommended,326410,29193051,Posted: 11 January,all,[JEST] St127,"Very nice and good-looking relaxing game, I enjoy it."
76561198013001990,Recommended,326410,17052345,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,[OSF]-ThelastSpecter,ok quick review1 - about as good as a poke in the eye10 - i just won the lottoSound - 9graphics - 7content - 10Single player - 5Multiplayer - 10to sum it up this game is one of the best multiplayer experiances i have ever had the more players the betterwith all factions having players in them and watching the world grow there is something very amazing about that for the price of this game it is well worth atleast trying out anyone who loves trading ecconomy and faction progession in real time MP this is the game for you my 30hrs at time of review is about 10% of the playthrough i am in at the moment.
,Recommended,326410,23871894,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,RookieReborn,Pretty fun and addictive.
76561197984018275,Recommended,326410,15812172,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,[RF]Nordace,"It is as it says on the tin, you sail a boat, destroy other boats, trade,  upgrade and fit your boat with increasingly more powerful stuff. It has its moments, but leans on a tendency to be a bit of a grind, at least out of the box. So for those that remember those older sailing ship trading and fighting management games, you're bound to find something you like. It's pricing is, acceptable. But a discount is always nice.Play with your friends, and if you shouldn't have some (close at hand) find some swashbuckling mates in an online sessions to hook up with."
76561197977795368,Not Recommended,326410,35444657,Posted: 3 October,all,VaygrEmpire,"Back in days when this game was released, it was fantastic game for a few months. All servers were fully packed (up to 300 people), it was very intense, it was awesome days.In nowadays, All servers are pretty empty. You are very lucky if you see 5-10 people in one server. Unique ships are impossible to get by yourself, and grinding is just way too much work. In 2015, I'd rate this game 10/10. In 2017, this game worth maybe 3/10 at best. There's mobile version of this game though. That might work better than buying PC version.If you want to get your hands on pirate game, go play Tempest."
76561198065664933,Not Recommended,326410,14597123,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,velocity30,"Not very fun, overly scripted and the computer cheats. Groups of prates randomly spawn by you infinately baking for really boring and repetative play."
,Not Recommended,326410,15468094,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Sorenson,Grindy and extremely repetitive. Not much to do.
,Not Recommended,326410,15619271,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,radical_chic,"Combat is lots of fun, everything else is a grind."
,Not Recommended,326410,15818899,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Bovive,"I just cannot recommend it. It is an extremely slow grind that amounts to a lot of boring time spent playing. Perhaps it gets better later on, but I could not stomach playing it anymore."
76561197981255414,Recommended,326410,14024772,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,ChillBilly,http://youtu.be/iIgRLWEqoME
76561198108809738,Not Recommended,326410,15319433,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,k.degtyarenko,"This is not very dynamic game, just the way to relax while drinking beer home alone."
76561198054717075,Not Recommended,326410,29428059,Posted: 22 January,all,Pstone,"Dissapointed with this game. By the videos and screenshots it looks like a nicely updated sid meiers Pirates! But dont be fooled. It was fun for about an hour, the tasks are tedious and there is virtually no sailing aspect to the game, adjusting for wind, tacking etc. Its a repetitive game and the soundtrack gets old FAST. Positive is that it looks great, negative is just the severe lack of content, all in all it felt like a tablet game to play on the toilet."
76561198084321618,Not Recommended,326410,28199433,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Cloud,"Expected more, just boring I guess not much to the game"
,Not Recommended,326410,24773732,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Tilboy,I have played this game for almost two hours and was really getting bored; had to do the same kind of things over and over again. Not a game for me...
,Not Recommended,326410,15883086,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,bvesco,Fun. Simple. Short. Shallow.
,Not Recommended,326410,19440767,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Sutalffa,"(EDIT: You can create mods by downloading a file from the website that overcomes some of the problems described below such as game speed and faction strengths and weaknesses.  You can even create custom quests if you know some coding.  This is reviewed in the workshop section.  Still, these problems shouldn't exist.  What's being sold here is really a game engine, not a game.  Furthermore, mods don't really enhance the multiplayer aspect of the game since people don't play with them despite that's where the game thrives.)I want to like this game.  I really do, but it has a few seriously major problems:The game plays very slow.  Ordinarily, this wouldn't be an issue, but as an action RPG, the game needs to feel a little more arcadey and not so simulating.  The game literally becomes a timesink of your real life time to achieve virtual progress, and at that, it's not that much.  You just upgrade your ship and develop skills while expanding your faction's control of the map.  It'd be a better use of one's time to make this a turn based game where you make career or campaign decisions instead of having to actually wait to do things.On the other hand, for all the game is a timesink in the name of realism, sailing in the game isn't very realistic.  You don't have to adjust your sail for the right point of attack to catch the wind.  Yea, you sail faster with the wind than against it, but that's it.  The game also doesn't make much difference between fore-and-aft versus square sails in how fore-and-aft sails are supposed to sail fastest at a 45 degree angle away from the wind while square sails are supposed to struggle much more with either sideways or backwards wind.  A square sail ship shouldn't be able to move at all in many currents since the sail doesn't turn.  Fore-and-aft ships don't have to use tacking to get from point a to point b, and weather doesn't change.  Yea, the wind changes direction now and again, but there are never any choppy seas to sail through.The singleplayer game has no narrative at all, so the quests you do are literally just sailing from point a to point b in exchange for points.  This sort of mechanic works well in a multiplayer aspect where you're competing over efficiency and strategy to control the map among your friends, but in singleplayer, it's a pointless grind.  On top of that, friendly AI boats bump into you all the time.  There's no understanding of ""right of way"" between smaller and bigger, slower and faster, forward and backward, or other different positions of ships.The multiplayer game has a very small community, and is already dominated by elites who took charge with the Valiant faction.  The other three factions have no chance of success unless you spend a ton of time developing your singleplayer profile and import it.   Keep in mind that I've spent 15 hours by now just to reach level 34.  The regions that Valiant doesn't control for you to start on the public server go into the 90s.Also, understand that combat represents the climax of the game.  Once you explore and trade a lot, the only thing left to do with your experience and money is spend it towards combat skills, bribing pirates or recruiting allies, and upgrading your ship and getting equipment.  The Valiant faction succeeds in the climax.  The other three factions are supposed to grow faster than it one way or another to reach their climaxes before it does, so once Valiant climaxes, it's pretty much game over for the other three.Yes, you can host your own private game with friends or host your own server, but that's not something the game deserves credit for.  It's an extra effort you have to make.Also, yes, it's advertised that you can customize your own maps, but that doesn't mean anything beside choosing which tiles to deactivate in a square grid.  Also, the public server isn't customized at all.  It simply left every tile activated which means there's no direction in which way to expand.  This wouldn't be a problem if the archipelagos had some real diversity to them, but they don't.  Therefore, it just adds more monotony into the grind in order to secure your faction's borders.Instancing in the game is what the game should be in general, but it's boring to instance on your own, and nobody really does it in multiplayer... unless they're importing their own superclassed ships.All and all, the game is just passive-aggressively out of control.  I don't expect the community to ever thrive because while the combat, trading, and exploration mechanics have potential, it just isn't handled very well.  If the game played in 30-120 minute instances between 5 on 5 teams where everyone starts at the same level (like a MOBA), then the game would be great, but it doesn't.Alternately, the game could be played in monthly seasons so people can have some sense of saved progress, but if the game doesn't reset periodically, then it will constantly alienate newcomers from joining while oldtimers dominate (which is exactly why I advise you, a newcomer, to not buy this game)."
76561198012906577,Not Recommended,326410,15834796,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,I am a Possum,"It wasn't bad, until it gave my computer a blue screen."
76561198015275473,Recommended,326410,18029890,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,im shit,It's uhh pretty goodI love gasing them so much
,Recommended,326410,15804798,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,ivesso,"(Note: I was too lazy to make a review in beta, so yeah :p)I love this game, yeah, the first day or so was a bit more grindy, but once I hit Talent 10, I really got some fun in this game. I'm currently talent 80 and still having a great time. I've had this game for 8 days and still addicted!"
,Recommended,326410,15802990,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,JaNuS,"Nice graphics, but it's not as good as Pirates!Maybe it's worth the money to you because of the multiplayer, it's fun for a few hours before it's getting boring due to the lack of different stuff to do...If you loved Pirates, this is worth a try, but I would recommend to grab it at some sale!"
,Not Recommended,326410,17510688,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,bennydeak,Terribly boring!
76561198071097921,Recommended,326410,15870144,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Klepto.The.Maniac,"Making this short and sweet,Great funpirates,booty,fun,arg!pirates!!awesome graphics especially in 4kpirates!CO-OP!!!!!!ARG!!BUY IT OMG!!!!"
,Recommended,326410,15811917,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Mike Rodick,"Went for supplies on the beach after a battle, sunk my own ship. 10/10 would sink again"
76561198015271039,Recommended,326410,29992711,Posted: 17 February,all,Barbarossa Bey,"Fun sailing game; however I am beginning to lose interest after knowing that the higher tier ship you get, the more powerful enemy ships are instead of everything being completely random.Other than that I enjoyed this game"
,Recommended,326410,30699022,Posted: 23 March,all,Politricks,Awesome game. One of my favorites in my library. The combat is fun and the quests are relaxing. Tons of options to customize your ships.
76561198023234029,Recommended,326410,29383281,Posted: 20 January,all,Arcane Harlequin,Good stuff. Fun and a challenge.
,Recommended,326410,20863512,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,#stuntz,Another ship told me their was cheap jewelry in Athin and then proceeded to violently run into me.11/10Nah srsly gg
76561198133933529,Recommended,326410,20870729,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Bluessy,this looks like an amazing game! the only problem that i have with it is that it doesnt have a tutorial... so i jump in and artstyle is amazing and everything is awesome but i have no idea what im doing and how to do it...
,Recommended,326410,19030130,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,simonwjackson,"Great game, would love full touch screen support"
,Recommended,326410,14296421,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Cpt. James o'Donegal Smith,"Come all you young sailor men, listen to me,I'l sing you a song of the game in the sea;And it's—Windy weather, boys, stormy weather, boys.When the wind blows, we're all together, boys;Blow ye winds westerly, blow ye winds, blow,Jolly sou'wester, boys, steady she goes.Up jumps the eel with his slippery tail,Climbs up aloft and reefs the topsailAnd it's—Windy weather, boys, stormy weather, boys.When the wind blows, we're all together, boys;Blow ye winds westerly, blow ye winds, blow,Jolly sou'wester, boys, steady she goes.Then up jumps the brig with his nine rows of cannoneers,Saying, ""You captured the dough boys, and I'D capture your sail!""And it's—Windy weather, boys, stormy weather, boys.When the wind blows, we're all together, boys;Blow ye winds westerly, blow ye winds, blow,Jolly sou'wester, boys, steady she goes.Up jumps the whale., the largest of all,""If you want any wind, well, I'll blow ye a squall!!And it's—Windy weather, boys, stormy weather, boys.When the wind blows, we're all together, boys;Blow ye winds westerly, blow ye winds, blow,Jolly sou'wester, boys, steady she goes."
,Recommended,326410,26430258,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Geek,Love this game grab it! I host a server 24/7 check out geek's servers on steam groups.
76561198039257500,Recommended,326410,32338314,Posted: 11 June,all,Thievin,gg
76561198052487421,Not Recommended,326410,27879164,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Zpajro,It's just boring.It might be fun if you have friends to play with.I'm geting a refund.
76561197970294733,Recommended,326410,15865049,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,BulletSponge,"I gotta admit, The talk by the developers doesnt do this game enough justice.Well built game, lots of room to grow and expand. SandBox aspects make itreplayable. Customization is pretty sweet. Again, with what they built, after youMAX your Ship in a few weeks their is plenty of room for future development.Was looking for a Pirates/Sid Meiers type of game with a twist and found it. 8/10."
,Recommended,326410,15823849,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,couchqq,10/10 Would light myself on fire again.
76561197988395040,Not Recommended,326410,22211305,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,diabetic_hummingbird,"Windward is fun for a little while, but quickly becomes very repetitive. The game isn't buggy. It looks and plays fine. It is just boring."
,Not Recommended,326410,20866541,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,ᅚExecutioner,"Honeslty it was fun, but it is very reptitive and grindy, now the multiplayer is completely dead as well so I can't really recommend it. I enjoyed it for the time I had it but grinding to 300 or whatever and onwards is the only engame it seems, you can summon ships if you get higher but ehh.The part I really enjoyed was the multiplayer, you could get a bunch of people in an instance and astonish them with your tank corvette XD"
76561198008429783,Recommended,326410,14949343,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Basilhare,"This is a nice, easy going combination action/strategy game. The elegant simplicity of the game is refreshing while maintaining enough detail to keep it interesting. I bought the 4 pack and my wife, son and good friend are all playing. Great Co-op game."
76561198148940426,Recommended,326410,20897503,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,[MNI] AH1DDENGAMER,i love this gamethe best part is selecting a team then switching to pirates and destroying everything without having to contestor getting a smuggling quest and killing your own team
76561198006832392,Not Recommended,326410,29307637,Posted: 16 January,all,SgtRoidz,"Gets boring Quickly, very repetative. No story line. Very similar combat every time. Trading is the same pointless grind over and over. However if you like slowly sailing about just doing the same thing over and over again then this is the game for you."
76561197965928390,Recommended,326410,32419477,Posted: 14 June,all,megillahgorillah,"This game is great.. After a quick ban for leveling to fast from doing a dragon raid, the issue was resolved by the senior admin Lonestar.  The only way to contact him is though discord.  So, im keeping the game and playing for awhile."
,Recommended,326410,15464655,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Pugwis,"That's a pretty cool game, but i think there is a lack of diferents activity to keep the interest over time, like it is, it's pretty fun but mostly limited to grinding."
,Recommended,326410,35056246,Posted: 18 September,all,pebble225,"Oh my god this game is really fun. At first I was really laid back and questing inbetween town, but then the pirates came and  it really starts to pick up at the level 3 zone. It is very challenging to maintain your cities and it keeps you on your toes.I do have a couple of complaints I would like to mention: It takes forever to get around the map and the AI for the allies needs to be redone. I see this massive group of priates on the map killing off my allies and I have to wait an eternity to take a city. Once I get over and kill them, BAM, the city I got was taken by pirates again.The allies' AIs are programmed to be the most annoying beings in the game. They deliberately cut you off almost everywhere you go and it can get very annoying.Another thing that bothers me is the feature in which being near towns will automatically slow down your ship. It is annoying when you want to take off and you let go of W right at the edge and it slows you down a little without you realizing it.Overall I give this a 7/10. It's a great price and a fun game with a few bugs.Update: Multiplayer is completely broken and you can't even connect without using an external program. The developers don't seem to care about fixing it either."
76561198073999625,Recommended,326410,15719629,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,B2K RoMeO,What a Game
76561198032754796,Recommended,326410,24016069,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,idonjuan,"Very greate game, nice graphics"
,Recommended,326410,23783322,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Hej,This is like a 2d space sim but instead of space you're on water and its pretty chill.
76561197971121571,Recommended,326410,23788686,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ashwake,Relaxing and fun with a pleasent online community
76561198041571926,Recommended,326410,24243337,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Y?,bit boring tho
76561198002588679,Recommended,326410,16008342,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Marleigh,"A great little game with lots of options for you to define how you want to play. Not overly complicated, but well worth the asking price."
,Recommended,326410,29821900,Posted: 10 February,all,khalidvawda,Enjoyable game but a bit repetitive. 7/10
,Recommended,326410,30989357,Posted: 6 April,all,"ezixen, last of my name :)",awesome... yarrr:)
,Recommended,326410,33201991,Posted: 3 July,all,Shanks,fun game for 2$
76561198373914335,Recommended,326410,33260339,Posted: 4 July,all,dougdix7,Love this game hoping the come out with a second one
76561198127188402,Recommended,326410,29025950,Posted: 4 January,all,Jonny_Brains,This is an EXTREMELY relaxing game. I like to use this to take a break from other games I play that can be a bit more faster paced or get frustrating.BOOZE!!!
76561197990133376,Not Recommended,326410,29169436,Posted: 10 January,all,alliecat,"Not very intuitive UI, and I was also hoping ship management would be more in depth. It doesn't even differentiate between individual crew members"
76561198168587894,Recommended,326410,28938839,Posted: 2 January,all,matthew.meuwese,"ITS HELLA AWESOME, also nice and quiet very relaxing trading game. but if you dont like that yOU BECOME PIRATE KILLING SUPER WAR SHIP and then sell your stolen goodies and its nice and relaxing again"
76561198087510653,Recommended,326410,29121712,Posted: 8 January,all,Dinomatt Game,I love this game I playd it for 6h strait no eatin only tolet XD
76561198052513821,Not Recommended,326410,32959911,Posted: 28 June,all,Ronald Burgandy,"Way too simple, got bored in an hour."
,Recommended,326410,15809728,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,tictac?!,u play as a boat in the hit new video game cars:boats
76561198016745069,Recommended,326410,16270777,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Tomadu,"Come sail away, come sail away, come saaaail awaaaay with meeeeeeeeee."
,Recommended,326410,15820360,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Zou,"best game 2015. sail around with your friends and wreck pirates. or join a public server and have massive battles between dozens of giants ships. maybe that's not your thing, you can trade too. and run quests."
76561198052405575,Recommended,326410,15820916,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,JackityPoo,"I felt 'Hip' and 'Cool' because I had this game 3 weeks before it made front page,But nevermind that Ill just go back to my AAA conformist existance..."
,Not Recommended,326410,20031014,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,YYY,It's too boring in middle of game
,Not Recommended,326410,20054386,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Chotimba,Absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198064564102,Not Recommended,326410,19324294,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Chief Balls-Out,"Feels awful and restricted. I would love to be able to fire the main canon on my own, or aim, for that matter, like in sid meier's pirates."
76561198089201324,Not Recommended,326410,24417734,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Nap1992,Way to repetive and grindy.
76561197971383491,Not Recommended,326410,33143678,Posted: 2 July,all,Redrazors,Game didn't save in Single Player mode.  I can see from the forums other people have this problem too.  My setup is fairly standard windows 10.
76561198202965428,Not Recommended,326410,33835753,Posted: 27 July,all,FoxyWeirdo,it's just like Black Flag but online with less detail and only ship battles  2/5
76561198126881834,Not Recommended,326410,20961619,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,ryan.deanhill,"Does not work at all. Downloaded it fine, but when it comes to playing it a message pops up saying""The game crashed.The crash report folder named ""2016-02-05_032422"" next to gameexecutable.It would be great if you'd send it to the developer of the game!""So if the developer could give me some way to contact him/her/them then i'd be really thankful as i have been looking forward to playing this for a while now and do feel cheated out of my money by buying it but its not working."
76561198032403176,Not Recommended,326410,20752720,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,eakugler,This is a terrible 'game'.  There is no game about it.  It is slow and plodding and unresponsive and dull.
76561198126753708,Recommended,326410,20758552,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,💠Nyq💠,OMG BEST GAME EVER !!!!!!!! CAN'T GET ENFOUGH OF IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198117494367,Recommended,326410,18018480,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,BAKA AKA NOT NICE,daed gaem
76561198057815250,Recommended,326410,15832023,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,GloriouSin,"Honestly i bought this game at some point today. I don't know how many hours ago (9 i think) and i just stopped playing cos my eyes got sore. This game is great. It's delicious. The only this wrong, is that the movement controls can sometimes drive you insane with anger. But other than that this game is awesome!"
,Not Recommended,326410,20531253,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Mr.Hugh,this game is dead to me.
76561198052469457,Recommended,326410,15866168,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,DUCK,"Yes and noIf you don't got the time don't bother.And if played ""right"" it would not waste as much hours as I and others did.Pros:- Good consept (only little bare and repetitive)- better combat later on (when unlocked bits of skills)- Great boats and different towns and upgrading towns.Cons:- trading can be way too slow (and when quest and cargo for supplies is shared, not inventory though for crew items etc)- Do not create a map with high rating! (use scroll wheel to make it to 3-9 around spawn factions)Will update more"
76561198077353210,Not Recommended,326410,18689685,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Muscle *Milk,a massive snore fest fell asleep while sailing
76561197996762492,Not Recommended,326410,24005661,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Gott,"Bad bugs. Pirates ships do not finish sinking, so you can never complete kill Pirate quests. Cities cant be captured, the capture fills up all the way, but sticks when it hit full and never captures it making it impossible to finish capture city quests. So all you can do is ferry passengers and cargo. LAME!"
,Not Recommended,326410,18003724,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Countmalkcake,"So I haven't played much of this game, but I bought it and it was a fair bit of money, more than a tenner, and then I was like, this is literally zero better than Sid Meier's Pirates and that game is older than me, then I promptly stopped playing this game and I feel like I wasted money... There's my 2 cents"
,Recommended,326410,25830960,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,неудачник,It's like Skyrim with boats
,Not Recommended,326410,29297255,Posted: 16 January,all,Jihadi Kermit,game is shallow and officially dead as the developer is busy for a new greenlight.it is not the coop game that you are looking for
,Recommended,326410,30667102,Posted: 22 March,all,ramdad,"This game is brilliant in its simplicity! Take Sid Meier's Pirates! and mate it with Diablo. Then add the possibility to run your own public or private server, which is a breeze to set up. Pure gold!"
76561198034853903,Recommended,326410,24024950,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,BartekBaree,Dank shipsDank piratesDank graphics that my toaster can max out onDank gameplayDank grindThe game is a bit bare but other than that it's dank.
,Not Recommended,326410,28969399,Posted: 3 January,all,Drone Vandalism,"Don't buy this game.  Game if not already ceased development will soon as the creator is focusing all his time and energy in his new game ""Sightseer""."
76561198047616155,Not Recommended,326410,20281479,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Liduario,"Boring game, and very complicated."
,Recommended,326410,19376958,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Belgar,It's fun.
,Not Recommended,326410,14551394,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Vladplaya,"Shallow, boring, and just bad looking. Just play ""Sid Meier's Pirates"" for much much better experience. (I picked this game up so I could play together with a friend... was not worth it)"
76561198075932862,Not Recommended,326410,16458188,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,spare_3,"I am VERY disappointed in the developers of this game.  I gave constructive (but negative) criticism of the game in general discussions.  They didn't like my comments so they deleted them and then banned me.  So I will put my comments HERE so maybe they can actually do something with them and so other users can think twice before buying (forcing the DEV to actually listen to their customers and make change).  1. The gameplay is very slow (the ships should move faster). 2. Graphics are very basic and an old smartphone can run the game (so, increase the graphics so i can zoom in like the Total War series and see more).  3.    Put some element of a human touch in it...it's just ships moving around (there is no personality).  4.  Let me customize the color of my boat and maybe modify it a bit (nothing crazy...but something)).  5. Have better objectives.  6. Gameplay is repetitive and very ""monotone"".  7. At times you can't progress b/c other ships are so much bigger/better you stand no chance and keep dying, leading to frustration.  8. Don't delete negative comments leading people looking to buy the game to think ppl only say positive things.  That is totally REVIEW and COMMENT manipulation and discredits your company.  THIS DEVELOPER DIDN""T LIKE MY CONSTRUCTIVE COMMENTS...then deleted them and banned me.  How many other people are in the same boat?  Deleted and banned.  The developer CENSORS the discussions to only keep comments that make the game look good...and delete the negative ones."
76561197970959678,Not Recommended,326410,12464144,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,t_therkelsen,"*** Early Access Review, will reexamine once launched ***(Because this is an early access game, I'm specifically not rating this game based on what I consider missing features like being able to list/manage your profiles/worlds)As the game stands right now I can't recommend it.  I played for 2 hours and found the game's pace to be either painfully slow or crazy hectic.  Either I was sailing along from town to town and being bored out of my skull because nothing was happening, or I was constantly being engaged by pirates and having to resort to hit'n'run tactics to stay alive.The graphics are beautiful and pleasing, but in my opinion a game needs more than a pretty skin to be enjoyable; in its present state, Windward is lacking in gameplay.  It presents itself as a free form sandbox game, but there just isn't enough different things to do in the game to make up for the missing plot.  Maybe it gets more fun as you rank up and unlock abilities; certainly from the trailer it looks like there's plenty more in the game than I discovered.  I was just too bored to grind more hours into this game to find out.  My advice to the devs would be to dramatically speed up player progression.I am sure multi-player adds that extra dimension which will make the grind seem less obvious and thus make the overall experience more enjoyable.  However, the current price tag prevents me from recommending the game to my mates, so I probably will never find out.As it stands right now, if you are really aching for some good clean pirate action, there are better (and cheaper) alternatives to get on Steam.  Sorry, Windward."
76561198088025010,Not Recommended,326410,28482736,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,defender0134,I don't enjoy this type of game. If you're into the type of game where you go city to city transporting stuff and slowly saving up for the next upgrade then this game is for you.
76561198170890210,Not Recommended,326410,25354222,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Prodigyplayer,its fun for the first few hours but 5 hours in youll probably guit huge waste of time and money for what it is and there are multiple bugs overall do not install unless you want to waste your money
,Not Recommended,326410,35152974,Posted: 23 September,all,LaRZy,5/10
,Not Recommended,326410,33111317,Posted: 1 July,all,CouilleGrinder,Buggy game with bad controller support. Not very impressed.
76561198212386845,Not Recommended,326410,23347497,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,zero,if u buy this game u [play alone multi player is dead
,Not Recommended,326410,12498676,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,┌( ಠ_ಠ)┘,"Games got potential. But it can get boring fairly quickly. Map needs to show text bigger. Dev also needs to implement some system to stop your ship getting beeched. Because once you're stuck, the only way out is to fast travel back and forth. Also, unclear how to get ships to follow you so I was never able to test that mechanic."
,Not Recommended,326410,24196627,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Toxicwire,Sid Meier's Pirates has more content than this; I'd rather cut my scrotum in half and hang myself with my testicles than play this game.
76561197967685936,Not Recommended,326410,28291396,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,^7ja^1co,Game is not bad but ultimately short and gets boring quickly.
76561197992513801,Recommended,326410,20212377,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Grailer,"Amazing game , simple yet fun. For the price its definately worth a buy ."
76561198163095478,Not Recommended,326410,32021898,Posted: 28 May,all,Schutzstaffel,How to waste your money simulator 2017IGN 10/10Rock Paper Shotgun 11/10RealityKings 31/10
,Not Recommended,326410,16446200,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Sit The FUN Down,.
,Not Recommended,326410,21945196,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Jare_the_bear,"this game is crap.. Y release wen ther iz so manyz bugz! I cant even attack, and the weapons are in the middle of my screen, and so i cannot see the enemyz. because dis game is FUCING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T! ITS LITTERALLY BULSHIT ON THE GROUND, BECAUSE IT CANT STAND THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME"
,Not Recommended,326410,20757313,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Cerebral Palsy,f*ck off m8
,Recommended,326410,23297822,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Pedantic_Fusilier,"If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients:1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter2. 1/2 cup white sugar3. 1/2 cup brown sugar4. 1/4 cup water5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon6. 1 pinch salt7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced8. 1 pastry for double-crust pieDirections:1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing.Eat."
,Recommended,326410,15803378,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Knegoff,aldrig
76561197986629379,Not Recommended,326410,15800139,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Vali,I thought it might remind me of the good days of corsairs with a pirate game.. I was wrong
76561198029982678,Not Recommended,326410,15823691,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,adrian,"without a doubt, the worst game i have ever played.Very slow, very boring. Sells itself as a co op game - is not a co op game at all. like i mean, at all.absolutely hated the experience. never written a review on steam before, never will again. but hated this game so much, that i was willing to take the time.do not recommend, please please, do not waste your money."
,Not Recommended,326410,14188436,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Tigerhawk71,"Windward has the potential for a 40 hour game with the content of a 2 hour game.Yes ""it's Early Access"" but what isn't on steam these days - you mightaswell review it as a full product."
,Recommended,326410,31515338,Posted: 2 May,all,ChrisBalderst0n,I'ma  boaaat
,Not Recommended,326410,24772387,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Harrison Boof,Garbage
,Not Recommended,326410,29576870,Posted: 29 January,all,.ZinkZi,cant get co-op to work.
76561197964364446,Not Recommended,326410,24849629,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Blue Waffles,Terribly boring.Made me eat my toenails.
76561198002731946,Not Recommended,326410,35092155,Posted: 20 September,all,Fezzik,boring
76561198096728769,Not Recommended,326410,23129362,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Bubonic_Bee,I can't understand why people like this game.  BOOOO-RING.  Save your money.
76561198165425826,Recommended,326410,31575845,Posted: 6 May,all,kyrinator12 | hellcase.com,maaad game bare live
,Recommended,326410,31716112,Posted: 12 May,all,Alolan Leninist,bombs.
76561198048657694,Not Recommended,326410,12510345,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Ultitanius,"This game asks you for $20. And honestly? It's not worth that. Not yet. I can see that this game has a lot of potential, and it could be fun. I found it lacking in explanation, which is a pretty massiv issue when you consider starting out a new game. At this point too, there seems to be no solid purpose. You just float around doing quests. Which is fine. The game works well, and it has some good things going for it. At the end of the day though, it comes down to whether or not this game is worth what you pay for it. And it's not. I wouldn't pay for it again, if I had the choice. This isn't to say this won't become a great game that would eventually be worth $20. In fact, I think that it will. Anyway, 'nuff said."
76561198007842712,Not Recommended,326410,23996335,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Kaino,Boring.
76561198057190834,Not Recommended,326410,29452642,Posted: 23 January,all,Concraft,Crap
76561198008497657,Recommended,326410,17256556,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,SBF REAPER,"Windward is a fun and interesting game.  I cannot really compare it to any other games as it is fairly unique in it s gameplay.  You control your ship from a top down perspective and must make money by either trade, missions or combat and then proceed to upgrade your villages into towns in order to get bigger and better ships.  It is very repetitive in that sense since it takes quite a while to upgrade your villages.  However it feels pointless to have any ships between your starting ship and the ending ships, as all you have to do is upgrade the village one more time to get a much better ship.  I spent most of my time in the very first zone just upgrading my villages until I could buy the Galleon which made the next several zones far to easy to play.  But all in all I would highly recommend this game, if you are into grinding out missions, and all the missions are the same (transport item to this town, protect this town, build this town, set up a tower...)"
,Not Recommended,326410,17291671,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Balthasar Gelt,"What I had anticipated was a sort of multiplayer version of Sid Meiers Pirates. What I got was a Sid Meiers Pirates version of Elite Dangerous. It's very much an MMO style game, with the map divided into smaller area's in which you trade, do quests and fight. The combat is very simple, with cannons firing whenever you simply show the enemy your broadside and combined with standard MMO style abilities that grant special broadsides. I've played flash games (Cursed Winds in particular) that have had a better grasp on combat in this genre.Overall slightly disappointing, it's ok but it could be better. Probably not worth £10."
76561198017112301,Recommended,326410,17157069,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,walter,"Nice original take on the piracy genre, with a lot of depth and nice touches to the ship upgrade system and world. Unfortunately, the developer chose to overly focus on multiplayer: don't buy this if you want to play single player."
76561198144686970,Recommended,326410,17008043,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Raged Pineapple,This game is the best game I have ever played and I recommend this game to anyone since the controls are very easy.
,Recommended,326410,17188177,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,foo.bar,"I've found Windward a relaxing, sedate game - great to unwind after a hard day.It's not perfect, not by a long shot, but it's good enough to quench my thirst for a simplified Age of Sail game."
,Recommended,326410,17196651,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,fujifox06,"This game is a fun and relaxing game. It's one of those ""oh I'll just finish one more quest---When did 3 hours go by?"" games. You play as a ship that tries to rid an area of pirates and build up your towns to a higher level. You can also play a a pirate. You can switch factions. You can do PvP and play multiplayer with friends. There's some glitches as it's pretty new yet but they all get worked through with updates. The developer is active and pretty helpful.Best parts:-Not first person. Those of us who get sick from that sort of motion can actually play this game.-The graphics are beautiful but it doesn't require a super-computer to play.-The other sailors and pirates have entertaining quotes.-I like the auto-battle that occurs. When you meet an enemy ship, it automatically starts to shoot them as they shoot you, and I really like that as it frees you to focus on the abilities and special skills you can get.Negative parts:-Multiplayer still has a few glitches. But given time, most of these should be ironed out with updates.-It's not super fast-paced and after a few hours I will usually get bored but I still want to come back to each day so clearly I love it."
76561198085876772,Recommended,326410,16608013,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Lyle Lanley,Pirate game that I've always wanted
76561198030829682,Not Recommended,326410,16782189,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,acanno10,"Windward is a bit hard to call.  While it’s fun in its current state, it lacks value.  Certainly not worth 15 bucks.  Very tedious after the first hour.  Perhaps future updates will make it worth the money.  The potential for improvement is what makes it so hard to say no.  As of right now however, the game isn’t quite worth it.  As a fan of the age of sail, and just about every game set in that era, I really hope this game develops quickly and well."
76561198007281841,Recommended,326410,17004099,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,✠Äŧŧicus∞ŅǾyle✠,"It's fun for a few hours, but gets very repetitive. I wish there was more to it. If you do buy wait ontil it goes on sale"
76561198055235583,Not Recommended,326410,16938317,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,ChristopherThrobin,Don't bother.
76561198053511683,Recommended,326410,17013894,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Ninas,"Fun game however, there isn't much play time"
76561198061441787,Not Recommended,326410,16977728,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Olafmyth,Pretty basic game. I feel nuetral towards it and its still early access i think so i hope it gets better to the point where im actively liking it
,Recommended,326410,17326856,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,mcneo33,"Fun game, easy to get into. Great interface. Shiny graphics. It's enjoyable and worth the money.There's a lot missing though. It'll be like going to a nice restaurant, ordering a beautifully prepared meal; but when you start eating it, it's just ok. Nothing special. You want to love it, but you can't. Why? There's just no depth to it, there's things to do; but it's the same things every time. It's fun to do them, but they get old eventually. And you're just trying to get to the next biggest ship, and there's really not any thought into what your next ship is going to be.I still recommend it though. It's worth the money."
76561197973490554,Not Recommended,326410,17932954,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,xsvenom,"The game is done very nice, but I just got bored of it too quickly. I found this game boring and IMHO I just can't give it a thumbs up. Don't get me wrong here, it IS A NICE game. It just might interest you a bit more than it did me."
76561198045339222,Recommended,326410,18087874,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Sir_Mattic,Fantastic action rpg with huge depth for multiplayer or singleplayer.
76561197970889388,Recommended,326410,16870795,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,[Sent] MGRockwell,"I sailed the ocean blue.I acquired all but one of the ships.I traded cargo between towns.I killed pirate kings.It was fun for a while.The concept, controls, combat, etc. are all pretty decent.However there is absolutely no storyline, no endgame, and only a very small community.I wish the developer lots of luck in either upgrading this game so that it has some storyline and sense of purpose or developing another game with these things, but I'm losing interest quickly.I got it for less than $10 and I don't feel bad for that purchase, but the game could be a lot more.p.s. Steam makes me say yes or no to recommending this game. I'm going to put yes, but honestly it is a ""Maybe"". It really depends on if you have the money to spare and if you have better games to play at the moment. (And, how into pirate ships you are)"
76561198107531640,Recommended,326410,17653264,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Inspector Norse,Dangerously Addictive.
76561198027435254,Not Recommended,326410,17318026,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Murder_Punch,"I really, really like this game / where it could go but could not recommend it in it's current state. Already shrinking populations have become smaller and in general the game needs a larger patch to add content, fix SP, and so on - but this is a fun game. I will change this as time goes by, hopefully."
76561197970309321,Recommended,326410,17592823,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Zipit!,"A fun little game with a lot of potential but some strange design choices. Not everything regarding one's ultimate goal is explained very well... I still don't know if there is an endgame for single player... but hopefully this title is still in development or will fund / inspire a sequel which builds on it's strong, core gameplay elements. If you like Sid Meier's ""Pirates!"" you may also enjoy this title - just don't expect quite as much detail or any kind of historical accuracy... at all..."
,Recommended,326410,16957272,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Void,Probably the best indie game I've ever played
,Recommended,326410,18749562,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Laxlux,Nice game for in between! Its no AAA title but if your fancy with sailing you have to try it :)
,Recommended,326410,18937151,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,bannji,Good game.
,Recommended,326410,18803487,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Stonefire,"Is fun abit mystry some of the thing you can, i would advise you to read abit of guides."
,Recommended,326410,18360800,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,XENoVAR,This game is extreamly  fun but can be dull if you only play by yourself. So play with friends and try the multiplayer.
76561198068877143,Recommended,326410,18394664,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Inflax,amazing game to spend some time relaxing
76561198028133354,Recommended,326410,18672172,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,squarecrusher,"This was a great 20-25 hour co-op experience for us.Great lush atmosphere (the sound is quite nice actually) and nice fight mechanics.Very much like the good parts of ""sid meiers pirates"", but enhanced a few elements to make it stand on its own."
76561197972469787,Recommended,326410,18693949,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Orac,"Surprisingly addictive game, quite a sharp learning curve once you head out into contested territory, but the challenge is fun."
76561197961906076,Recommended,326410,18693484,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,ET The Extratesticle,"Extremely fun game, and for 9$ easily the best buy Ive had on steam. The only down side to this game is no tutorial or walk thru, so you have to figure out about all the upgrades etc, but definatly woth the money"
,Recommended,326410,18694635,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Plan B only,worth 9$?maybe not.fun to play?absolutely!
76561198115834993,Recommended,326410,18694957,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Aina Sul,"This is a fun casual game.There is trading, combat, exploration.It is sandbox like with little quests, but I have not seen any sort of story arch in the game."
76561197999644789,Not Recommended,326410,18668245,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,^GSP^ VictorXman,"Played 6 hours of this.  It's a long grind.  Some minorly interesting mechanics around how to point your ship while sailing.  Configuration of the ship wants to be Diablo like, but it doesn't feel like it has any affect on gameplay.Maybe will try again at some point when I want to mindlessly grind and sail.There is something charming about how the sail boats sail... but it doesn't save it."
,Recommended,326410,18792923,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Lalasand,I like it
76561198032085715,Recommended,326410,18691660,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,[GALT] Envoy,"For those of you seeking a relaxing experience, get ready to immerse yourself in the beautiful waters and coastal reagions of Windward !!! This is a truly excellent casual (dare i say) rpg in which you steer your pirate ship on to new adventures all the while leveling up skills and customizing your ships stats and onboard items.Another wonderful aspect of this game is the beautiful music, for who can resist to lunder the high-seas while listening to spirit enboldening strings and drums?However, the game isn't very challenging, so for those of you that require such a thing, this game may be dissapointing. To reiterate, this game is meant to be played casually.In conclusion, this is the kind of game that makes you smile as you play it. And the kind of game that you dream about while sleeping.Onwards my pirates !ENVOY RATED: 8/10"
76561198067835760,Recommended,326410,18252072,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,MangoFarmer,"This game does get a little repetitive; for one, the quests are all very similar, and at least for me, the rewards were definitely not worth having to sail from one end of the map to the other, and then sometimes back again (the reward compensation for such a quest is lackluster).Despite those cons, there is a charm to this game - I've always loved pirate themed games (from sid meier's pirates to AC: Black Flag to even puzzle pirates).  Maneuvering a frigate/sloop/etc is a relatively unique mechanic, and the barrel of fire and poisonous gas plus defensive towers add to the fun.  The combat eventually grows a tad stale, but I'd still say this game is worth it."
,Recommended,326410,18209703,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,prism,10/10 gameplay
76561198026081304,Recommended,326410,18334245,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Will Dresdon,"Great game, and highly addictive. I like the constant flow of loot and upgrades. If upgrading and looting is your thing, this is a no regrets purchase!"
,Recommended,326410,19007885,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Mundenez,"8 Hours of play in the game is really repetitive and has been for a while. Its not REALLY multiplayer as you can't really play with your friends, possibly against them but you start on different maps and only meet after a long time. Won't play any more."
,Recommended,326410,30569996,Posted: 17 March,all,igotasweetass,Aquired the 4 pack. Hopefully my friends are interested. Fun for the few hrs i've played so far..
76561197973135727,Recommended,326410,17784332,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,dr.vulcansxxxxxxxx,"Epic game. Relaxing, fun, and lets you go at your own pace.  You can migrate your same charactor between local games and servers which is great.I feel that you really don't need to worry about exact balance, or what skill is perfect, etc.  Its just too casual/fun to concern much with it all.GREAT JOB DEVS! Thank you for an awesome game :)P.S.Devs, please add a Junk :) That would be a great addition IMO."
76561198152827573,Recommended,326410,15767349,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,dempseymoh,i like the game its great fun tho i'd like to see some thing done with all the static shipwrecks like like you could salvage loot from them mabye capturing ships and towing the to port for an extra reward. (ships not part of quests to capture them)
76561198024959657,Recommended,326410,15862154,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Tomiri,It is incredibly fun and well made if you have ever played Pirates this is very similar with so much more to do and no dance with the governors daughter mini game... Which was part of the main story in the game. You would dance and get a clue to the location of your kidnapped family. Or you would get a trinket to upgrade yourself.
76561198074941880,Recommended,326410,15920052,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,NutritiousCookie,"I have been looking for a naval combat game for a long time... and this fulfills that to the highest degree. Like an updated version of Sid Meyer's Pirates!, this game gives all the piratey explosions you can ever desire."
76561198026326814,Recommended,326410,15920660,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,76561198026326814,"This game is similar to Sid Meier's Pirates without it's crazy difficulty curve. Buy buying and selling goods and completing quests, cities will level up and carry better items. You can also claim new territory by combat.  You can upgrade different components like your crew, ship hull, sails, guns, cannon balls, ect."
,Recommended,326410,15921132,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Asura,Great game very addicting. Its perfect for the price.
,Recommended,326410,15922356,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Anomaly,"This game is so much fun! I had a really great time saying ""Arrggh, make haste lads!"" as I sailed through my little corner of the world where I was beloved by everyone. Eventually I sailed into the unknown in hopes of finding bigger glory. What I found was 3 baddy pirates that tried to destroy me for everything I gots. I thought I could take them so I fought, I managed to destroy one but the other two were bombarding me so much that I had less than half of my ship in tact. Then as if my brethren had heard of my  incoming demise, two of my fellow comrades showed up and help me show those baddies who is boss!It is now my main mission to completely obliterate all the pirates until there are no more left in my world! 3 squares down, 27 more to go!"
76561197996626367,Recommended,326410,15922690,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,JEREMY,"Very addictive, great fun customizing and trading."
76561197970769245,Recommended,326410,15852456,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Faydark,"I like it because it can be very relaxing to just sail around the islands, finding items, doing quests, trading goods etc.I like it because it is also fun to march my way through the map capturing the contested towns, blowing up big gatherings of pirates in long battles, cursing at my AI companions for their tendency to sail into my line of fire and park there, or for them to be on the other side of the map capturing a lighthouse while hordes of pirates are capturing our towns. =DTo me, it's very similar to a lot of those 4X space strategy games, and I play it similarly: build up a massive army/ship and take on the universe/seas.I can't say I would rate it highly on graphics, or on gameplay or on sound or on any single feature.. but combined, they are more than the sum of their parts, and I expect to put in many more hours in the years to come.It's got the makings of a different and fun game. Having said that: It could use a few tweaks with the controls imo.- Some of the controls appear to not be remappable from within the UI. The default controls are also not listed anywhere in the UI, though they do appear on tooltips sometimes.- The default mapping is WASD to move your ship (which you need to do a lot), The left mouse button is used to target attacks, but clicking it also moves your ship in that direction.. which gets annoying when you're trying to stay stationary for bombardments etc.- The friendly AI are not very helpful. I just completed a map with one pirate base left, guarded by 3 pirate ships.. where were my AI friends? All over the map.. needs a way to get all the friendly AI's to come help you sometimes. You can hire one or two to follow you around, but I would just like a method to say ""massive battle here mateys, come help!!!!"" and then have them go back to what they were doing afterwards."
,Recommended,326410,15904158,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,SYI2k17,"This a pretty sweet boat simulator, plus, you can put cannons on your boat"
,Recommended,326410,15907062,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Sedge,Excellent little game. Simple and relaxing.
,Recommended,326410,15907070,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Brosephelon,"Its a rather enjoyable game all said and done.The single play option is a nice intro to the games mechanics and core concepts, but once you want to expand beyond that going solo can be difficult and very grindy.This is where the multiplayer comes in and really shines.  Instances act as stand alone regions to farm items, gold, xp, etc.  There is a map which factions can fight for control over and in general it naturally leads itself to a somewhat helpful experience.The online setup can be done through direct connect or through servers with an actual server browser, this might not seem like much but actually going through and seeing ""blah blah 24-7"" servers really struck a nice nostolgia chord with me.Combat is fun and gets better around lv20-30 or so where you start getting more active skills.  Trading makes sense and is rewarding but arguably could be more rewarding especially cross-region trading.  Overall I'd say its a fun game that has a nice base to work with and ideally in the future brings even more to the table like sea monster fights, more ships, etc."
,Recommended,326410,15908092,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Warhurst,8/10 Very good game if you want a fun nautical combat game. It is basically port royale 3 without all of the high maintenance trading; although I love both of them to bits.
76561197972747905,Recommended,326410,15909173,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,ActualBagofChips,"If you liked Sid Meier's ""Pirates!""   Check this one out.Well balanced!Combat is fun.  Trading is fun.  Building up the economies of towns is fun.  Exploring is fun. Saving up for that super fast powerful ship - Fun.A little grindy and repetitive, but nothing beats the feeling where you know you are gonna make a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of gold from a great trade."
,Recommended,326410,15909570,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Makenshi,"There's only 2 things worth doing right now1. Join a coop instance and fight off a pirate invasion... ARRR2. Challenge a region and turn the map into a giant faction based tdm cluster♥♥♥♥... that sounds pretty damn repetitive, what the hell did I do with 30 hours of my life?"
76561198118623293,Recommended,326410,15910409,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,aggressiondontwork,great game lots of fun but they need to add sea monsters
,Recommended,326410,15911383,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Karl,"This game really lives up to its RPG Genre. Very complex game with a large variety of ways to play, you can be a naval combatant, an excellent explorer or even a successful tradesman or just a balanced all around captain. First hours were a blast."
,Recommended,326410,15914267,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Corron34,I would recomend this game to anyone who likes to chill and relax as you play a game its one of the best games i played in 2015 i dont feel like i have to rush or compet with anyone else all the time.
,Recommended,326410,15914982,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,dwightk,"I like it. If you liked Sid Meier's Pirates!, but disliked the sword-fighting and dancing, you'll like this.I hope they continue adding features, the missions get slightly repetitive."
76561198066910651,Recommended,326410,15916099,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Turkeyboyslim,Really fun :^)
76561197995380093,Recommended,326410,15916606,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,HopHead,I nice relaxing game. Great fun to play with friend and the dedicated server is so small it can run on a r:pi
76561198012033570,Recommended,326410,19725794,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Brenten007,"Love the game.  Its better then Fortress Craft.  Why you ask?  Because I can setup the options I want.I can change several options for solo play, option for multiplayer, pvp, and pve all rolled into one.  At least I can play it my way.Its is best said from this game intro, ""Windward is the kind of game that may appeal to a wide range of gamers. Those that prefer to sail around and enjoy the atmosphere can do that by focusing on trading, questing and exploration. On the other hand those that like the intense ship-to-ship combat can hop into an Instance or simply travel to a pirate-controlled region and go at it. ""If you are unsure about this game or any game, check out youtube and watch the game play.  If you like what you see, get it and enjoy the game.Stay away from Fortress Craft."
76561198055767367,Recommended,326410,20011141,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ÇǼȘȺȐ,"Having alot of fun with this simple little game.  Seems very simular to Sid Miers Pirates! just without the stupid dancing.    Dont get me wrong it is very different that Pirates! at the same time.   Lots of quests and trade options to explore.  Combat instances to do for rewards.  Im just stratching the surface atm but I quite enjoy playing it for abit, taking a break and then jumping back into it.It also has multiplayer options I have yet to try.  I high recommend this to anyone who enjoyed playing Sid Miers Pirates!"
,Recommended,326410,19977737,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Enzor,"A fun take on the ARPG genre. The procedural island generation is very well done, and each location has its own unique chokepoints and landmarks that you'll fight over, and then later ferry passengers and hauled goods to make enough money to upgrade your ship to take on the next region, and repeat ad infinitum. Still, I am a sucker for simple but rewarding games, and this game certainly fills that roll well. I hope the developer will consider an expansion at some point."
,Recommended,326410,19977913,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Hannalore,"10/10 Beautiful and Calming, BUt it can also be really sction packed, if you wish, you can trade thingss, and find new settlements, and each world is randomly generated!"
76561198018409713,Recommended,326410,20040561,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,PeteWi,"I find this to be a very pleasing and enjoyable game and is one I'm still playing on a nearly daily basis. The gameplay is simple, but can still be a challenge. The graphics are vibrant and change based on the different climate of whatever region you visit and with day/night cycles. The music fits the game very well with a cycle of simple, but unobtrusive melodies. The sound effects are just right, from cannon fire to the ship creaking as you change direction to catch the wind.Windward is a casual trading/city building game where you complete quests such as ferrying passengers to nearby town or hunting down pirate well as buying and selling goods to raise money to buy your next big ship.It also has exploration and conquest where you have to squash the pirate threat when you enter a new territory. You won't be able to trade or gain quests until the pirates are driven out. You engage in ship to ship combat using you cannons and then as the game progresses other abilities such as throwing barrels of fiery oil, poisonous barrels of rotting fish, the fog of war to mask your position and the old standby of just ramming into your enemy.When you start, you're a lone buccaneer who must put together other ships in your fleet. The most direct way is to either capture the other pirates or bribe them to join you. Once you have a crew, they will come to your aid when you're attacked as well as engage pirates on their own and work to secure ports. Once a region is secure, you can trade between the cities to build up money and skills or you can move on to the next region and engage more pirates.As you explore you can dives for treasure amongst the wrecks or pick up flotsam that is washing ashore. This can contain gold, wood, iron, sails, cannons, and even crew members. You then keep building up your attack fleet to engage the enemy. You will also gain XP which can be used to increase the skills of your crew in attack, defense and negotiation.People say the game is slow and there is a lot of grind. If you prefer endless hordes in an FPS, then yes, this is mild by comparison. If you expect to do something once and move to the next level, then no, it doesn't work that way. You will have to trade goods to make money. You will have to buy bigger boats to trade more goods to make more money. You will need to make money to buy bigger boats so you can defeat the bigger ships the pirates will have. In essence, you will have to trade. The progression makes perfect sense to me and the game has a mixture of both easy, moderate and difficult regions on the same playing grid.This is a great game at the retail price, but is a downright steal at $5. There has been a nice stream of updates and new features and bonuses have been added, not to mention Steam Workshop integration.  I think this is a great blend of action and adventure and can provide hours of enjoyment."
,Recommended,326410,20050083,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Swixel,"tl;dr: Fight, trade, and move people; expand, capture, or play peacefully (opt out of non-pirate conflicts with your white flag).  If you like casual gameplay you can have it; if you want something harder you can configure it for that.  A good cooperative game which doesn't force much fighting onto you (and you can set it up to pretty much avoid it).If you've played Anno  1707 or Dawn of Discovery (Anno 1404), you could be forgiven for thinking of this as the ""Anno trade ship simulator"".  For a lot of it, it will be.  You are a trade vessel responsible for moving goods from place to place, or a military vessel responsible for sinking pirates, defending territory, and reclaiming towns; you are, in essence, the fleet of your particular trading company.  But it's more than that.This game starts off as a relatively slow, steadily paced, single player game which allows friends to drop in and out of your world.  Your objectives vary from trading to fighting, and a handful of things inbetween (like shipping around drunk civilians of cities on ""sight seeing"" trips -- who say some ridiculous things which you get to read above your vessel).  You might be a glorified taxi, or you might try to stabilise the economic values of the region (making a tidy profit along the way); but you will almost never be a true warmonger -- the factions are neutral to one another unless you've enabled permanent war.There are a few things worth noting: worlds and captains are persistent.  You can change your captain or your world, or both; your experience (and items) carry between games as long as you use the same captain.  This applies to cooperative and single player (as well as the ""PvP"" multiplayer -- which is the same as cooperative, but you pick an enemy faction from another player, or change your flag).  Now for the nitty gritty:1. PvP combat (including singleplayer ""war"") is achieved by removing your white flag (open inventory while in a dock, then unequip -- simple);2. You can ""bundle"" equipment into sets so you can swap your focus from diplomacy (useful for trading) to some sort of war type (e.g. range, accuracy, etc.);3. The ""endgame"" is crazy, and I'm not even close to it yet.  The more you play with others the crazier it gets; the more they can help you.  You have the option to force ""scaling"" in a world (though it can't be turned on or off); if you want a world with a level 10 town (for ship swapping) get a friend who has good ships (or a good captain and gear) to help you.  Let them come into this world to help you up the town so you can play with ships.4. Ships are unlocked by killing ships of the type.  Pirates typically ""gear up"" in lower regions.5. Yes, two ships fly.6. Cargo is limited, inventory is limited, and this is beneficial (otherwise I'd do insane things like carrying 20 people) -- the largest cargo capacity is 5 items (though it can still net you a very tidy profit at times).7. Items go from white to orange (legendary), and at the end (the legendary) you can continuously upgrade with talent points or gold to keep getting stronger.8. Worlds can be designed/edited or be played as they come out randomly (they are seeded) -- in saying that you can also set a minimum and maximum level for challenge, allowing you to force ships to spawn.9. The easiest way I've found to ""level up"" is by trade-spamming and quest-spamming (typically as yellow, the Exchange).10. You can edit all factions before a world is setup to gain more XP (harder to play) or gain less (much easier to play).I'd say it's suitable for just about every approach; it's a fun game, simple to play, and can be played while half-asleep if you're just looking for something relaxing to help you unwind.Oh, and it's less than 100MB download, so there's that ..."
,Recommended,326410,19998558,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,push_ebp | fuck my ISP,I followed the developement and bought it a few weeks ago. A great game which reminds me of the old mod Battleships for Warcraft 3. Awesome game
,Recommended,326410,20000318,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,TrustTheFourth,Great little ship combat/exploration game. Reminds me of tradewinds.
76561198028477373,Recommended,326410,19889699,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Mobile Suit Fundam,"Fun game, could use more detailed storyline and more content variation. Worth it if you get it on sale."
76561198035311479,Recommended,326410,20031742,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,maxflowCC,I can see myself losing track of time playing this game.
76561197987561268,Recommended,326410,20036825,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,clutch_TsUb0da|,"Windward is an enoyable take on the naval combat and exploration genre, with a great sense of naval combat and interesting abilities. However the slow down in the latter stages of the game and an unrewarding trading system make it a real grind. 8/10.Pros+Enjoyable and challenging naval combat+Gear and loot system+Entertaining trading system+Range of level up options+Beautiful water and ship damage effects+Multiplayer (haven't tried this yet but imagine its fun)Cons-Lack of any real tutorial to movement/ combat-Shallow trading system-Lack of variation in quest types-Lack of detail on ship hulls/ homogony of settlements/ ships-Slow mid to late game (lack of money levelling makes it a grind)"
76561197996082709,Recommended,326410,20029321,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Breagan (CrosSyndicate),"Short and sweet review here.I personally recommend this game. But the reviews stating that it becomes a grind-fest in the mid to late game are very true. Just keep in mind it's developed mostly by one man (from what I can tell), and still gets great support.It's fun to cruise around the procedurally generated maps guiding your tiny ship through battles, liberating towns and subsequently doing small quests and missions throughout. Great if you are looking for a relaxing game to burn some time.I think it's entirely worth getting while on sale. Support small devs."
,Recommended,326410,20022944,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,The Grey Fencer,"Pretty interesting game, though admitedly can drone on. the world creation is interesting and could be a lot of fun with a couple friends either co-op or pvp. Very relaxing to play and can easily suck up your time. Reminds me a lot of the Wind Waker rerelease."
,Recommended,326410,20012103,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Zarpat,Lovely sailing game. nice to play.
,Not Recommended,326410,19876663,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Raven,"Great pirate game at first, but gets very grindy quickly.  Little direction or narrative either."
,Recommended,326410,19985746,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,iCe,"Pretty graphics, somewhat grindy, 8.5/10."
76561198029014047,Recommended,326410,19955692,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Knives,"Pretty much every video shown is exactly the game. Casual, and fun. if the game looks interesting, consider spending between $5-$8, maybe more if you enjoyed the old browser games that seem to have given spark to this idea."
76561198006633241,Recommended,326410,19963720,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,ron,"This game was very decieving to me at first, and I was reluctant to buy it. Then I finally did, and enjoyed it so very much. I spent alot of hours, offline (wish steam would count offline and online hours together if at all,) and found myself constantly upgrading my ship and taking over territory. For a very straight forward game, it offer lots of enjoyment that was very relaxing overall."
76561197996297444,Recommended,326410,20130654,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Peter Griffin,Excellent game for the price.
,Recommended,326410,20130323,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,stabbyjones,"Really true to sid Meier's pirates to the point that the only extra is multiplayer.If you never played pirates you might hate the grind of piracy but there's something really calming about floating around.Questing, shooting ships and making butt pirate jokes with your friends."
76561198131376355,Recommended,326410,16078345,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Arjami,at the start you don't understand it at all. Just keep playing and you will find your way to play this game. it takes a long time to get good stuff
76561198176649275,Recommended,326410,16066804,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Trucium,"This game is great overall. I really enjoy it, If you like this type of game, the purchase is well worth it. I'm surprised with the options of play style that is included with the game. Awesome!"
,Recommended,326410,16069077,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,BEEFCAKE745,"This is one of those games that looks pretty fun on steam, so you buy it to play on and off in your free time, but end up being sucked in and can't stop playing it.Pros:  Amazing online community, addictive gameplay, and you get to be a goddamn pirate.Cons: Not enough hours in the day to play this game.20/10 Definitely worth the money."
,Recommended,326410,16073210,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Cheka,Recommended.
,Recommended,326410,16087975,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,The Boogeyman,"This game is relatively fun. It is interesting in the beginning for sure, I was hooked just like most others, the first 4 hours blew by. Would defintely recommend buying for some downtime fun. I never played the multiplayer yet, but can guess exactly how it woud go.This game would be put over the top by a bit better of a trade system for me. You can make alot of money and buy the best ships by just trading your butt off, but it would be much more immursive if you had control over more aspects of the trade or the towns.Overall worth"
76561198025312789,Recommended,326410,16088924,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Navd-0,"Visually appealing, simple, and challenging."
76561197991954383,Recommended,326410,16298735,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Wild,"Great game!worth $15 bucksMULTIPLAYER IS THE BEST CHOICE .. EVEN FOR NEW PLAYERSLEVEL UP FASTER ON MULTIPLAYER.. HAS BOTH PVE AND PVP! (MEANING, U CAN PLAY WITH OTHER PLAYERS AGAINST AI'S OR ..BELIEVE IT OR NOT.. FIGHT OTHER PLAYERS ONLINE.. PVP STYLE!COOL NEW GAME OPTIONSAHOY FRIENDS!"
76561198033106032,Recommended,326410,16295752,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Randomdude64,"To put this in the most basic sense, Assassin Creed 4's ship combat put in a single game.That isn't bad, nowhere near it. In fact, they improve on the concept a whole lot.The long version is this. Windward is a ship exploration game where the goal is to take your randomly generated world in the name of your faction. You can pick from 4 current factions on the start, and later join 2 more later on. The factions are pretty straightforward with what they do with their experience bonuses and ship discounts.The Valiant are pure combat ships, so they get experience bonuses from battles and they get a discount on the heavy combat ship.The Sojurn are exploration based, and get bonuses from discovering new places. They also get discounts on the fastest ships in the game.The Exchange are merchants at heart. They get the best bonuses from trading and profit, and their ship discount is the one with the biggest cargo.The Consulate are diplomatic, and get bonuses in questing. Their discount are with the jack-of-all-trades ship.Now, for the meat and bones of this game. Plot-wise, there's really no plot. You're a captain and you have to make the best of it.So, you're on the reverse end in Assassin's Creed 4, of sorts. Now YOU'RE the merchant ship fighting off pirates! And the combat is great. You have to make sure your cannons are lined up right, some factions can fire volleys of death, among other things. You can also conquer and plunder towns, take down pirate captains, and other things.So my final verdict, this game has a real appeal to me personally. I say get this game if anything I said got your interest."
76561197971387824,Recommended,326410,16558999,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Virusboy,"Well I bought this game on a whim due to liking the whole pirate era and I must admit i`ve enjoyed my time in game so far.I`ve done a mixture of single player and multi player in my 8 hour stint today. So far I think the games pretty good. Multiplayer is ok. Met several players just in the region i played in. Didnt get ganked by any high level players but it wasnt really a contested zone. Made some coin, some upgrades and some cash, enough to buy a new ship, Infact 2 ships. Continuing my voyage is something i`m looking forward to doing. Doesnt feel too much of a grind either.All in all a good experience and recommended to anyone interested in some light hearted fun shooting pirates, gaining levels and skills and upgrading your ship."
76561198020674771,Recommended,326410,16537056,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Noblewolf,I have only played it a short time but so far the game is very enjoyable.  It is a game one can while away the day relieving stress as one casually amasses there wealth trading.  There reputation exploring.  And there blood lust sending the shattered hulls of pirate ships to Davy Jones locker.  The music is enjoyable and playes well with the mood of the game.  I enjoy the banter between ships and towns you visit.  It is fairly straightforward and easy to play.  I enjoyed it enough to get a copy for my wife to play as well.
,Recommended,326410,16540366,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,dragonmantank,"Windward is a relaxing game to play to unwind. So far I've spent most of my time trading and smuggling, and even though only a small portion of it has been combat, it's really enjoyable. The game is slow-paced but not boring, and there seems to be a sense of ""just one more quest."""
76561198039702497,Recommended,326410,16544502,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,BUSHBOY,"My New past time game, doing a Let's play on it, would recommend if you liked Cid Miers Pirates, or just want to be a skallywag ahhh."
76561198029236755,Recommended,326410,13854637,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,DragonIroh,"First off, let me reinforce the fact that this is an EARLY ACCESS REVIEW.Alright. So. I'm not sure what I expected when I bought this game. I'm always on the prowl for new nautical-themed games, and I like adventure, so this seemed to fit the bill. The graphics are beautiful, the music is nice, but while playing it I can't shake the feeling that there is no drive in the game. Sure, you can trade to earn coin to get a bigger ship to fight pirates to get new cities to trade with... but then what?There's no story to really encourage you to progress. You can just stick to your faction's corner of the map and trade to your heart's delight if that so pleases you.The reason I'm giving this a 'recommended' rather than a 'not recommended' is because it is a well-crafted game. There's no sign of shoddiness, updates come regularly, and the community (well, what there is of it anyway) is benign and helpful. However, I personally have no real attachment to this game, and there's not much to make me come back to play it other than 'i've already exhausted the rest of my Steam library and this is what's left.'So... enjoy Windward if it's what you're into, because otherwise you won't."
76561198099253891,Recommended,326410,13855657,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Veluux,"Very awesome game so far. I put in 50+ hours in the first week after owning it. It can be both relaxing and intense, and is a very fun real-time-strategy type of action combat game. There are very few naval combat games out there, and this is the best one I've played so far. It's simple, straight-forward and very easy to learn, but the talents skills and progression offer tons of additional depth to the gameplay if you want it. For an early-access game, it's pretty incredible so far."
76561198066776906,Recommended,326410,15935245,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Mitch Hippo,Much good fun was had.
,Recommended,326410,15935758,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Notrs,"Awesome game, best played online multi-player or co-op with friends."
76561198046257163,Recommended,326410,15936238,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Bloodybonez,Really fun game so far
,Recommended,326410,15889615,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Saint Walker,"This game is so well done for a solo developer, i am having a blast with my friends on here battling huge wars with other factions. The game looks beautiful, it feels nice and is all around a good feeling game. The ship customization and leveling system is very cool, i have nothing to say bad about this game. I do recommend not playing single player unless your a loner and like only fighting AI's and questing all day. 10/10 would buy another four pack to give to more friends."
,Recommended,326410,15890894,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,modzelz,So far enjoying will write once I have more hours.
,Recommended,326410,15890959,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,EasterCow,worth every penny!
76561198139822121,Recommended,326410,14467411,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,PI x2,This is such an amazing game. 6 hours in and I have only managed to get the 3rd tier ship. I can't wait to see the finished version just to see how far it goes from here. Keep up the great work!!
,Recommended,326410,14472241,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Cybermancer,"A truly amazng game, and very hard to believe it is in Early Access, as it feels like a complete polished product. The dev is extremely active and very involved with his community. Totally worth every penny, and you WILL get addicted. 9/10"
76561197987846698,Recommended,326410,14523933,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Blackhorse,I love this game!
76561198030882681,Recommended,326410,14633141,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Hangfire,"Like all genius, it's the simplicity of the presentation that will fool you at first glance.At this stage in the early access there are a few areas that need a little finishing polish,  the menu/launch system has been mentioned elsewhere, but all this serves to do is really contrast to the exceptionally high quality of the rest of the offering.Pick up and play for a mellow and visually pleasing time waster or go explore and get into some heavy and intense combat with distinct strategy based on your RPG style skill tree choices.Opinion is based on the single player experience only.Slight issue with offline play, lost my ingame progress but kept items in the stash. May have been a patch reset.What would take this to the next level for me would be the ability to found a player faction and have NPC captains working for you RTS style."
76561197996954748,Recommended,326410,14615425,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,zane74,"The pirates of Windward are a scurvy and loose-moraled bunch, stealing port and cargo, along with your free time.Tasharen' Entertainments procedural pirate project is near its 1.0 launch, and the quality of the game shows it.Windward casts players as salty seadogs wrangling waves for 1 of 4 factions in a bid to dominate the known world via commerce and cannons.  Players begin in a simple sloop, in a region controlled (mostly) by your faction, in a small port.  Your approach from here depends largely on your play style; do you load up on cargo, and make your life as a trader?  Do you take on the requests of the locals and complete quests? Or perhaps you are a fierce pirate hunter or privateer, laying powder and shot to any ship within your sight.  Any of these are viable options, and you'll likely find yourself doing a mix of these things, as well as others.As you make sail around your particular set of procedurally generated islands (across a span of biome types), you will harvest resources and develop towns for your faction, while making money and advancing a perk system in the process.  Your general goal is to explore and control as many regions as possible within your world.  You accomplish this by driving pirates out of region after region, whilst taking ownership of towns in the region, as well as potentially making your own.The game is present in a birds eye perspective from above your ship.  Mouse or keyboard (wasd) controls will ferry you about the map.  Combat is handled in an appropriate manner, with the broadsides of ships used to fire devastating volleys of cannonfire.  This opens up some unique experiences and victories, as a smaller, quicker ship can occasionally sink a much larger foe by superior maneuvering and speed.  The oceans of Windward are also rife with detritus, that can be collected to build resources, gold, provide highly rewarding quest and trade incentives, as well as containing loot.  Player loot, not pirate booty (well, that too, but you know.)  I mean gear.  Your ship has 10 equippable slots, that you will fill with sails, cannon, shots, hulls, captains, and crew, to name a few.  These items have honest-to-goodness meaningful stats, allowing you to build a decent variety of different ship concepts.  Add to this a multitude of different ships and purely cosmetic items, and you have a challenging and entertaining time-sink of a semi-grindy nature.Your grind will likely be fun with friends and atmosphere, at least in this writers opinion.  The scenary is easy on the eye, and tactical to boot.  Coupled with a fairly soothing sound track and a few friends, you can easily lose an afternoon to this one.  The game offers server software standard, and running a server is fairly straightforward.  Public servers were available and populated at all hours, including a development server hosted by ArenMook, the games chief architect.  The game also sports mod support.Windward surprised me.  Honestly, I had high hopes.  Those hopes were not misplaced, it seems.  After basically absconding with an entire weekend, this polished pirate darling certainly has my attention.  I'm looking forward to several weekends spent buckling swash into the wee hours of the night.http://store.steampowered.com/app/326410/"
76561198009559912,Recommended,326410,14659547,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,BadGreenGonzoDaGreat,"It's a nice little game.But it doesnt work under OSX at the moment. I play it under Win7 without any troubles, but I couldnt even create a game under OSX."
,Recommended,326410,14546368,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Kloutier,I was going to wait til this was out of early access however it kept calling me from my wishlist... Finally Just got it and spent several hours boating around the starting area learning game maniacs and getting a feel for how it's played. As far as I can say right now the game is very well done. Light weight on HDD space Heavy use on ram. Gameplay is very zen like I would not mind playing it with sound off while watching a movie.They make upgrades worth while... Do you get that new cannon or do you save up for the new ship?Something that breaks my immersion however is storage and hull space. You get an invo where you can hold things like... Replacement hulls.. Like an entire new hull for my ship... Infact I can hold tons of them. However If I want to take on a diamond to sell at another port I can only seem to fit two of them on my ship :P
76561198019353230,Recommended,326410,14686575,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Hikoki,Fun game with good developers regularly adding new content.
76561198041404771,Recommended,326410,14580346,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Thepieintheface,
,Recommended,326410,14493564,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Spicy Meme,This game was a huge surprise for me. I've put in around 7 hours so far and can't wait to fire it up again. It's like Sid Meiers Pirates meets capture the flag meets other things that are even more awesome. Seriously buy this game!!
,Recommended,326410,14566940,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,AlexBnt,The developer hosts his own mulitplayer server that you can play on and talk to him. He's a pretty cool guy and listens to the community's suggestions.
,Recommended,326410,16001661,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Chon9,"Super Fun Game, Sailing and Grinding"
,Recommended,326410,15858900,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Captain Pajamas,"After conquering the seas from scumbag pirates and lowly factions, I think back and thank the one person that is responsible for my success, Mrs. Puff. I think i deserve a gold star now."
76561198063360617,Recommended,326410,16004119,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Papa Jon,So far I greatly enjoy this game. The combat system is a bit slow but with a large amount of ships it can be quite intense. The sound track is amazing and the visuals are very nice as well. I have no problem with this game thus far and I'm enjoying it.
76561198043557978,Recommended,326410,15998070,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Hidden Sausage,"1. This game is pretty good. You can make money by trading and doing quest then upgrade your ships by getting a bigger ship or upgrading your Hull sales weapons or crew.2.  The bigger and badder your ship, the easier you can take out Pirates and other enemies.3. By giving towns what they need you help them grow bigger causing them to produce better ships and more products.4. you can get additional abilities like a bomb that takes out chunks of land and sand bars that may be in your way. This is also helpful for making shortcuts between your towns and islands.5. This game can be intense when fighting pirates and and easy going when buying and selling goods and doing quest.Hope this helps"
,Recommended,326410,16028871,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,MrBacardi-,Cool game :)
76561198016723761,Recommended,326410,16031689,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,psofiterol,"+ It has ships!+ Very enjoyable experience+ Deep enough loot/stat system+ Combat is fun+ Enough unlocks and progression to keep you interested for at least 20-30hrs+ Excellent multiplayer with different classes/skills. Play with friends or join a server, no reason to go solo!+ Lovely soundtrack+ Pretty graphics, as good as you can get with Unity basically+ Being actively maintained/supported by the developer+ Not many bugs to begin with~ It's mostly about combat, trading and questing only useful at the start~ It can get a little grindy~ You should play this on a server or with friends, solo is kinda weak- Not much replay value- No obvious goal to grind towards after some point- Combat does not significantly evolvep.s. Many years ago, at a time when Warcraft 3 custom map scene was full of innovative ideas and maps, many of which evolved to their own games and genres, there was a particular map I enjoyed a lot and still remember to this day. It's name was ""Battleships Crossfire"", and I immediately thought of it when I first saw Windward. Good old times... I wonder if there's anyone else that has played it at the time... Thanks Windward for reminding me!"
,Recommended,326410,16033935,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Unschooled Bus,"I bought this game on a whim, I was looking for another age of sail game that would scratch the itch Sid Meier's Pirates left.  Now this is nothing like Sid Meier's Pirates, in fact, there's very little actual story outside of the lore of each faction.  It drops you into the random world you crate, gives you a basic tutorial on how things work, and then lets you go.The art style is simple and beautiful, it's top down.  The controls take a bit of time to get used to, I ended up using both my mouse/keyboard and controller but it was completely playable with either.  I love the music, it's calm and relaxing but ramps up for combat.  The combat is where I feel the game falls a little flat.  It's simple, your cannons auto-fire a broadside when the enemy ships are close and you press two buttons for your special abilities.  Most of my combat ended up either sitting in one spot turning my ship to make sure I could always fire or going in a circle to keep them in line of fire.  The trading is simple as well, each town produces certain goods, and if they have an abundance, you can buy it and sell it for a profit at another town.The quests are also very simple, they range from hunting down pirates, to building towers, settling a new town, defending a city, or bringing people or cargo to another city.  Completing quests levels up the towns which gives you access to better ships and items.The worlds are randomly generated from a map you can design yourself if you choose, the map is broken down into sections, each section is it's own little map to be explored.  At the beginning of the game, most of these sections are controlled by pirates and you conquer them for your faction.  There are also instances that you can create.  These are simple maps where you can choose it to be all out combat or a trading/quest hub.  You can use these to get loot, money, and experience  and once they are complete, you are put back in to the regular world.There are 4 factions you can play as, each with their own preferred ship type and bonuses.  When you create a map you can have all 4 on it, or just one, or any number in between.Overall, I enjoy this game, it does have issues that I have listed above and the developer is active on the forums."
,Recommended,326410,16047525,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,hohohorea,"Bought it expecting something along the lines of Sid Meier's Pirates! only without the dancing, and in single player it sort of is exactly that.But then you go online and everything changes. That's where this game really shines and turns into a nice little gem.The stat scaling system is really well though out and makes it possible for players of all levels to play together and the heroic instances are, for once, aptly named since they really do turn into some epic battles.Basically, the only thing this game needs is MORE PLAYERS."
,Recommended,326410,16051161,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Incarn,"Windward!This game is a pleasant surprise!I picked this up for 14 dollars and have played 25+ hours and still going.Pros:Interesting concept for PVP.Grinding for resources and gold keeps you playing.Map generated differently every time you play the game.Cannons sound really good, so does the ambient sounds.Levels + Rare items = tons more play time.Cons:Crashes from time to time.Latency for public servers needs optimization for supporting the amount of players.Overall awesome game, highly recommend."
,Recommended,326410,15848745,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Ashe,"Ok This game is amazing all around.The gamestyle is fun , Ship combat PVP with a faction theme and there are quests and item upgrade equipment.There is also instances with special mobs. (Mobs in a ship game i know what your thinking !!!! KRAKEN , sadly no. Just special mob pirates and what not)Look .... this game is amazing for that feel of something different. I can ignore allthe ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and just sail from port to port trading cargo or pick up some quests.OR I CAN BE THE BADDEST MOTHER ♥♥♥♥ER ON THE OPEN SEA!!!!Now get your land lubbin'♥♥♥♥♥♥to downloading this game and get some salt in ye beards."
,Recommended,326410,15848955,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,UGotGlocked,SQUAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACK!!!!WIND IN THE SAILS!!! WIND IN THE SAILS!!!! SQUAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198071818184,Recommended,326410,15849229,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,JR,"Simple, clean, smooth, and addicting.  There is some grind here but if you like that sort of thing, this game will keep you entertained for many hours, and for a very reasonable price."
76561198025610213,Recommended,326410,15807711,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,GonzaTheBurner,"Not a bad game i like it. i guess devs. focus on multiplayer than much more single player cuz single player can be repretitive. Drop system is good sometimes u can find good items from big ships or captains. This game not like a old school Pirates:Gold or Sid Meier's Pirates maybe we can just compare their ship battle system and trading system but there is no real man fights. U are controling ships and canons automaticaly shoting. its sounds so basic but games not like that. Yes hard to defend citiys or another AI ships but in online gameplay its gonna be real fun. Wars and regions(btw map have regions and u can explore this regions after level up.) gonna be total chaos if u playing some frineds or another players. i didint tell so much about gameplay cuz evry expericend player should be understand what's goin on there. its easy to learn hard master style game.(like easy to control but its goin harder at battles if u face real players) U can play as a single and u can take ur ships to the other players server or they come to ur server that was another good thing and ur earning in all server will save.i think this game community will be grow soon cuz its adressing all kind of players cuz it including  basic trade, battle, team play,questing and discover. But there is no Offical and big server for the play i guess or i couldn't find it, thats the what this game is need.(btw there is 4 functions all of them have their own specs why the game turn to so funny at online 4 team at the same region battleing for to be conquerer)There is also room for improovements maybe with new ideas game gonna be much much more beutiuful.Summary+Funny+Big battles(sometimes)+Easy to learn after few hours+Friendly Community+No Raging battles(if u are strong and skillful player u can sink so many as u can alone)-Lack of servers (but i guess this problem solved soon and also there is servers)-Single player repetitive ( but u should this game play online there is much more fun)-Lack of events (if devs take control over online playing like offical big server and event on it thats will be legend)Don't expect too much from this game at the moment but its playable and worth for price.Sorry for my bad english and thanks for reading. See u in game hopefully :)"
76561198032213815,Recommended,326410,15810278,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Exwin,"To say this is a great game doesn't go far enough.It is a game that does all the little things right. It's like Sid Myer's Pirates!, but without the dancing, in a completely generated world so it is different each time you play.You want to quest and trade between cities and be left alone? You can do that.You want to blow stuff up and never quest or trade? You can also do that.The combat is fast and fun, but complex enough to be rewarding.Each of the factions bring a different approach to gameplay, yet you can be successful with any of them.The game developer is very proactive with his game and, if you play on a public server, you will probably run into him.Do yourself a favor, and buy this gem of a game. You can't beat the price for such a great game."
,Recommended,326410,15811231,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,|D34(|-|`/,"This game is visually stunning, and actually quite fun. For something that takes 2 seconds to download because its 100mb you won't be dissapointed with this game. Defo try this out (:"
,Recommended,326410,15864994,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Sphiron,"A fun game with plenty of things to do. There are ships to buy and upgrade, Pirates to hunt down and kill and much much more!"
76561197990198274,Recommended,326410,15867022,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,craigmorris78,I stumbled across this and am glad I jumped aboard. I'm really enjoying questing and fighting and building up my ship and saving up for more powerful ones. I wanted something not as twitchy as CoD and this is ticking a lot of boxes. Yaharr mateys.
,Recommended,326410,15870177,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Swampy,"I love this game, its so relaxing but challenging all at the same time, random maps, pirates, trading, What more could you want?"
,Recommended,326410,15850910,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Business Unicorn,Hosted a booze cruise. 10/10
,Recommended,326410,15851688,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Tattare,Fun so far.
76561198004432686,Recommended,326410,15852130,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Bruticus,"When I look at a game, the first thing I do is check out the actual player reviews. I look for the negative ones first. Not from a bad news perspective but because, I want to know if they think a game is worth the money they paid for it.So right now, I see Windward selling for $14.99. (Though right now it's on sale, I still look at the base price.)I and a buddy tend to play games together, and so I look for the features of a game next, as well as if it's something that is in both our wheelhouses.This game crossed our path after we recently took a break from a different game. (7 Days to Die)We looked it over, the videos seemed pretty simple, it was going to be about sailing, but not a sail simulator. It was going to be about trading commodities from town to town, but not an economic simulator. It would involve quests that would bring in wealth, where you can deliver goods, pick up goods, ferry passengers, smuggle goods, capture pirate ships, defend towns, build lighthouses and watchtowers, and even build new towns themselves. That seems like it's billed correctly. There is also the exploration aspect of the game, explore new regions, find new towns, encounter pirates and other factions.That so far, sounds like it's meeting it's advertising. Then it involves getting in and playing, and finding out how quick it is to pick up on the various aspects of the game.What seems like grinding to those with the attention span of gold fish, can alternatively be seen as growing the region, training your crew and upgrading your equipment. There are RPG elements to the game in the leveling of captains, crew, equipment, ships and more.Well that's a fun thing to do as we continue to strive to expand our wealth, and beat back Pirate forays into the region.So with a good number of hours under my belt.I can say this game is well priced for the entertainment it brings. Fun adventures exploring a map, settling towns and naming them as well.So it's got a lot of fun positives.ProsEasy to learn - Principles of the game are easy to pick up and learn from observation.Quick to play - You can drop into the game for a few minutes here and there, do some combat, or trade, or both.Difficult to Master - The average player is used to having their hand held through everything, this game let's you understand the easy aspects, but the nuances of trade and combat and even exploration are at times complex.Visually Attractive - Looks pretty, and there is minor ship customization cosmetically.Pricing - Good price point for a fun casual gameAddicting - It's got that one more turn mentality baked into it. You urge to learn and explore.ConsLittle documentation - You can go to a wiki or even read the beginners guide here on Steam. But not much explained at all. (Some actually like this convention and see it as a plus, that it lets you learn it's secrets.)Co-Op Play - If you're used to being able to clicking on your friends who are gaming and then joining them in game. This will be an exercise in frustration. You'll need to set up either a server or do some port forwarding, and other hoo haw stuff to get a private server up and running or a direct connection. The best way I've found is go to a public server that is up frequently, and have your friend meet you there. You can then join a private instance if you're inclined or participate in the general map multiplayer play.Special Combat Options - Others have indicated combat is a case of doing a circle of death, waiting for special buttons to pop up that you can initiate. These often do feel a bit detracting. But again it's a casual game, and millions of people planted crops on other casual games that weren't nearly as interactive as this one.Verdict: Addicting purchase. Go for it, especially if you see it on sale. Otherwise it's still worth the $14.99 it's selling for. For some this could be a several hundred hour to a thousand hour game, from a shelf-life. (And that's not even including any future updates, or even DLC's or expansions of the game.)""This feels like a more casual spiritual successor to Sid Meier's Pirates! Addicting!"""
,Recommended,326410,15853682,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,[RIP] Jesper,"A great little game with PVE, PVP and character progression. Instanced or open world. Global chat. Random encounters. A bit laggy when playing on the big servers, which take some of the feeling away, but all in all (and for the price tag) a warm recommendation."
76561197965588514,Recommended,326410,15855041,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Thunderballs,"If you were ever a fan of the Warcraft III custom game ""Battleships,"" you will absolutely enjoy this game. This takes elements of that directly and applies it to open world game play.-Different Ship hulls and functionality.-Completely customizable ship inventory - modify anything from sails, guns, armor, crew, etc...-Open world sailing offers both opportunities for equal combat and trading/diplomacy encounters.-Completely design your own world from scratch (if you desire), randomized maps also available.-Customize your ship skills with MMO-like talent system.For $15 (or less on sale), this game is a diamond in the rough of indie games."
76561198087991192,Recommended,326410,15855677,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Vendikaar,"This is an excellent little sailing game, with simple mechanics and a great aesthetic, it'll keep you entertained for hours. The one major problem I do have with it has been addressed by other reviews; the issue of ""plundering"". It is insanely easy yo take a town, move on, take another one, all while your enemy is right behind you and takes the previous one right back from you. By the time you return to tack it back, they've already gone the other way around the island to take the other town. It is maddening, and if somehow this could be fixed while keeping the game challenging, that'd be great."
76561197970617010,Recommended,326410,15856647,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Geez3r,"Roam around in a ship, blow up pirates and capture their towns.  Upgrade your ship and skills to take on bigger stuff.  Run quests for the towns and/or trade stuff between them for some extra cash.  Pretty simple premise, but executed well.  Combat is fun and can be challenging.   Looks good, runs smoothly, nicely priced."
76561198047292553,Recommended,326410,15839020,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,devilindupriest,"Utterly charming, highly relaxing, and quite enjoyable.  I went in expecting something like GTA:2 meets Pirates! and it has a bit of a vibe like that, but that really doesn't cover how enjoyable just tooling around in your little ship and buying and selling stuff can be."
,Recommended,326410,15839664,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,non erect banana,Join the One Piece server boys! Greatest game I've played on steam for a while 10/10.
,Recommended,326410,15839671,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,BUSH DID X11,Shiprekt
,Recommended,326410,15841081,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Thoth,"If you enjoyed Sid Meier's Pirates, you'll love this game.  I was actually looking forward to a potential remake of Pirates, but unfortunately this game has already filled the void perfectly.  Never boring, amazingly fun with lots of missions, faction play is great!"
,Recommended,326410,15892057,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Leperous,"Sailing game with simple combat to learn, Great game to jump in and out of.  I am very much enjoying it."
76561198044269896,Recommended,326410,15892222,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,drolemag21,"I really enjoy playing this, there is something about it that just makes me get lost in it.What you'll be doing is sailing the seven seas taking quests, delivering cargo, liberating new areas of the map, acquiring new gear, and other stuff.What I like:- Looks fantastic- Simple gameplay, yet cleverly complex- That moment when you land that last cannon hit on a pirate you needed for a quest and the tool tip pops up telling of the spoils is SOOO satisfying. I love being told what i just won in an explosive fashionWhat I don't like:- The quest lines that you get for a high quality item have you go from one end of the map to the other constantly about 5+ times- I feel as though you NEED to get the next ship in order to liberate the next area without being so overwhelmed by the pirates. (This is just me, maybe I'm a fail sailor)Other than that, I still find this game highly entertaining and I CAN'T WAIT what the developer has planned to add to this.Recommended."
76561198043776550,Recommended,326410,15894036,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Vidolgic,"If you are looking for a pirate game that is relaxing and intense, you have found it, absolutely worth every penny!"
,Recommended,326410,15894051,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Voidfox,"3 GOOD & BAD POINTS REVIEW:+ Plays like a Naval Diablo with inspiration pulled from Sid Meier's Pirates! A pirate/boat ARPG with procedural generation.+ Boat controls are smooth as grog. Makes trading runs very calming.+ Both relaxing and a thrill to play depending on what you're doing. Trading, combat, taking over regions, pvp, instances, etc.- Game can feel repetitive at times, but if you are a fan of ARPGs, you already know this.- Can feel a bit daunting and slow at first. No real tutorial. (Pro tip: there's a great beginner guide on Steam)- There are occasions pirate ships spawn at what feels like an infinite and speedy rate, overwhelming you. Early on in the game this can be very frustrating. I'd imagine it gets better as you gain more power.Definitely has similar addictive mechanics that keep me coming back, just like Diablo does. Arr, it be worth it."
76561198070362023,Recommended,326410,15894919,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,generalcdn,fun game pvp level up system
,Recommended,326410,15896590,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,ampersander,Solo play: a bit grindy but curiously addicting with enough of fun to be had to make the price (just about) worth it.Multiplayer: Not tried but I can imagine this game being totally worth every penny and a blast if you're playing with friends.
76561197971616022,Recommended,326410,15897039,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Michael,"Nice game. Repetitive, but easy to pickup playing for a short while, and sometime you just end up playing for a long time because you just wanted to conquer the next area :)"
76561198006547857,Recommended,326410,15903079,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,orattab,"Foremost I would say that Windward is a relaxing and fun game. There is no great penalty on dying and you can easily ramp up the difficulty to push yourself without losing out. You can happily sit in a friendly region and use a very simple quest and trading system to get some gold and just while away a few hours; or what I consider to be the more fun part is to set out capturing new regions.Combat turns out to be both complex and very simple. Point the side of your ship towards the enemy and your ship automatically shoots at them, but the tricky part is then not having them shoot back at the same time or fighting / running away from multiple enemy ships.Windward is essentially very simple and can be repetitive, yet it is beautiful, engaging and well worth buying."
,Recommended,326410,15903331,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,RedUKC,"This is my first looks review of Windward after 5 hours of playtime (in one day i might add), which already gives the game a good merit as it's hooked me into it already. TL:DR at the bottom.Introduction;Windward is a sea trading/combat/questing game which sets you the task of completing quests and exploring sea sectors whilst battling off pirates who want to take over the towns in the said sectors. It provides a nice ranking system with different factions and paths to take when upgrading your ship. The combat can get very intense and the travelling gives you a tranquil break from blowing up Captain Blackbeard and his pirate cronies.Graphics;The art style is simplistic yet very appealing, with great water effects which give you nice waves and added gems like schools of fish and great cloud effects (which is good as whats the point of nice graphics in a sailing game if you neglect the water effects).Gameplay;The combat is also simplistic yet very enjoyably and engaging. Your cannons are set to autofire whenever you get into range and angle of a pirate ship and gives you control over using your special combat abilities.The questing aspect of the game mainly involves either sailing across the map to deliver cargo or passengers (which is somehow very serene and calming) or taking out pirates and capturing their towns.Overall Thoughts;Windward is a very engaging and fun game, which can also provide relaxing scenarios as well as intense combat. The art style is very appealing and is never a strain on the eyes. However, the game can seem repetitive for some people. I can imagine a lot of players hitting a wall in which they just lose interest in the game at some point. However, until you get to that point the game is very nice to play and gives the player a rewarding and comfortable feeling whilst playing. At a small price (less than £10 when I brought it) Windward is well worth your money no matter what types of games you enjoy.TL:DR;Sail across the map, stop in town, get quest.Sail to other town to complete quest.Oooh, pirates! *engage in intense combat and feel rewarded to see ships blow up and sink*.Hire two faction ships which are highly more advanced than yours and take over pirate town.Complete another quest from another town.Repeat.5 hours later, Jeeez, is that the time?! Wow.10/10 would waste an evening sailing again. Great game."
,Recommended,326410,15929944,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,GanTai,Fun game and the price is ok for those hours of fun.Enoy
76561197999957065,Recommended,326410,15907373,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Binary Stylus,I love this game!!!!  I'm a little way in and already have 16 hours - this is more than I play most games!!  This game is just fun.
76561198013014131,Recommended,326410,15808138,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Zellys,"Where do I begin? It's a little of every pirate game that's ever been, from Sid Meyers PIRATES! to PotBS. Simply enjoyable, easy to learn, and fun. Played in Linux Mint 16 and it runs fantastic.Update:After putting in several more hours of playing this game, I am still enjoying it immensely. Both multiplayer and singleplayer modes are equally enjoyable and I spend about equal time in both modes."
,Recommended,326410,15876419,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Grimm Liberty,"Ok, this is fun for me and mine. I love sailing ships and combat."
,Recommended,326410,15877986,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Jigz,"Very beautiful game, soundtrack is very nice and the game is very relaxed and fun to chill out on."
,Recommended,326410,15878654,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,phatfarmr <3,cant wait for more updates. :D
76561198030757318,Not Recommended,326410,16742018,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Binomag,"Let me start off saying that the game is quite neat and pleasant to the eye. It has no steep learning curve and it is relaxing. Then, right as of now when i'm writing this review, it is also going to become boring pretty soon. After a few hours one can already buy a pretty decent ship, i got the galleon, could have easily gotten the corvette, then i am supposed to join instances to get better rewards while i level up.Sadly the whole routine imho gets tedious very quickly, so i'd advise to wait for a sale before getting it, with the current content it isnt really worth much."
76561197979617907,Recommended,326410,16694192,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,UnnamedKiller,It is a fun game in multiplayer mode where u play with others to complete mission and you can pk others too.
76561197975072393,Recommended,326410,16725898,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Bropocalypse,"Quite a nice little game if you like pirates, simple RTS games, or trading/economy games. It'd be nice if I could tab out without the game pausing because I have a short attention span and sailing between ports can take a little while if your destination is over half a map away. Other than that, the only thing of concern is that PvP combat can be really slow at high levels, since by then everyone has the self-healing abilities.All in all, a pleasant game if you want a relaxing time broken up with occasional pirate fights."
,Recommended,326410,16669065,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Phelzier,"This is a neat trading/fighting/questing sailing game.  Maps can range from small to massive and online play is where the game comes into it's element, although not essential.  Could do with some more online players on other maps to make it a bit more interesting."
,Recommended,326410,16678603,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,The McLovinMuffin,Cap'n Crunch Simulator
,Recommended,326410,16620446,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Crystal Maiden,"Simple concept for an open world game pulled through with excellent prowess.  Fun for anyone who is fans of things like isometric RPGs with simplistic features, but deeper elements as you progress."
,Recommended,326410,16605713,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,onwee,"This is an excellent game. It says something about the developer when he is talking in global chat, answering questions and discussing ideas. The multiplayer experience is decent, as logging into the primary server is close to having an MMO-level experience. Instances are fun, the combat is fluid, and you keep your ship progression (and can even take your ship to other servers, if the hosts chooses to allow it).Great indie game. For the price, it's an excellent value."
76561197968672447,Recommended,326410,16606108,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Zigzagman,Love it I'm Hooked. This is sid's pirates in the new age Tons of fun!!
,Recommended,326410,16608136,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,BioHazard,"I picked up this little gem when it went on sale, and needless to say I should have paid more for it. This game is just absolutely amazing and a total blast to play with friends or if you are the lone wolf type. The quest system makes it so there is plenty to do and if you lucky you my just find a sealed letter quest on your journey that adds some story as well as a longer quest to follow. The combat is fun but a little wonky, but once you are used to moving your ship to be more effective in combat it makes things easier. The only con I have is there is some cases where you can break a quest (basically no way to move forward), but I don't find this a big deal since you can abandon the quest and pick up a new one.Overall this game is great and I am amazed how this was all developed by one person. If your looking for high sea adventure this is a game you should be purchasing."
76561198096415339,Recommended,326410,16612070,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,lysol1986,Great game one of the best pirate games since the original pirates.
,Recommended,326410,16613041,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,oneonesix,"It's just want I wanted, a relaxing sailing game where I can level up my ship, run trade routes, fight off pirates. It even has loots system and skill system. You can level up towns by running quests for them or trading, which is a nice mechanic as well.The music and the way the sail flaps in the wind as you change directions is very atmospheric."
76561198013489529,Recommended,326410,16613636,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Void_Incarnate,"Windward, ho!Sail into the wind...no wait, that's dumb, that'll just slow you down. Sail with the winds, and enjoy this fun, procedural sandbox sailing ship game. Trade, fight pirates, conquer towns, build your own towns. Sadly, no quest to marry the governer's daughter... can this feature be added please?"
76561198017120606,Recommended,326410,16587902,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,targen,lol best kinda of game easy to learn and a blast to play
,Recommended,326410,16639293,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Titaneer,"I just started playing this game today after getting it from the steam sale. It is very fun to play! I found out how to escape from an instance, and upgraded my ship to a schloop of war. Very casual style gameplay. I haven't played multiplayer yet, but I hear that you can use your singleplayer ship on almost all the multiplayer servers and vice versa. Very impressed at the quick start up/load time. It allows you to get playing right away."
76561198048810826,Recommended,326410,16731916,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,SW Indy,"This game is a mixed bag. On one hand, it is rather enjoyable to sail around and decimate pirates in a glorified colonial-era motif. The combat is simple to grasp and the upgrade tree really forces the player to make choices on equipment rather than paying X gold for a reskinned version of your current arrangement. The rendering is smooth and the battles are frequent enough to keep one interested, which is important because the worlds will bleed together. However, that package comes with a rather grind-heavy level system (even for an RPG, the mechanics scream tedious fetch quests). The singleplayer falls flat, and that remains the biggest disappointment for people who don't want to venture into multi-player maps. I can't say the game is bad, far from it. But I can't recommend it at full price either.I suppose the best analogy I can think of is the first Assassin's Creed game: beautiful interface, pseudo-historic setting that doesn't worry about the banal details, exciting concept, but the whisps of exploration fun are drowned out by obvious campaign lengthening quests."
,Recommended,326410,16649344,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Gadfly,"Better than expected. While the game has no central server, many independently hosted servers are available and quite fun. Not much of an endgame however."
76561198001820511,Recommended,326410,16649429,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Spyzzie,"Simple yet very enjoyable, this game is really good amongst some ""bad"" early access games. It has the elements of an rpg and adventure game. I can only think this game will get better overtime. I was pleasantly impressed of the depth the gameplay has. You can smuggle,trade,explore,hunt pirates or even become one. Would of liked a bit more of a diversity in ships since most of them are really expensive to get early game but nonetheless a really good game for a decent price."
76561198037130451,Recommended,326410,16652948,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,solarlord,"stable gameplay, good ambient, nice to steer, carribian feeling - what else do a pirate like game need?You can hire passing by npc ships to form a little firepower fleet. The build of your ships is RPG like.The world is completly changing by seeds. Fast to learn easy to master. like"
,Recommended,326410,16696311,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Ionut,Is perfect like it is now :)
76561197970739839,Recommended,326410,16696790,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Famine,"fun game.mechanics are fairly simple- sail about, shoot things, capture things, trade and haul freight.but what actually happens, is that once you have one city your faction will team up to help you, and once you meet all of a towns shortages it will upgrade in size. past a certain point those upgrades need more distant resources, from other zones, so you need to expand your infuence further out.early on the instances are the best way to level up, and may be an easy way to snag a cargo or scarce or rare cargo quickly. and aside from buying bigger ships, you also need to buy better equipment for those ships.RTS elements in what is otherwise a ship fighting and trading game. works fine solo, at least on the easier difficulties."
,Recommended,326410,16698176,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Cadal,"The controls are simple and there are a few different game types to keep it interesting (so far)  - trading, exploring, questing, fighting.You gain levels that give you access to more points that you can use on talents and specialisations to customise the play of your avatar (ship) with different abilities in such as defensive ones that provide debuffs and offensive abilities. You can buy different ships or upgrade your existing one (in turn changes the look) with items you purchase or find, you can gain experience through the different game types.The whole map is broken up into section squares (as viewed from the fast travel map) that have set instances for level ranges of players. Players starting in a game seem to only select areas that are not higher then their level, however can travel into them manually later if they wish.The end game seems to be a strategy take over of the generated map, adding defensive buildings, capture and holding areas to take them over - I would imagine in later levels require more team work. Not sure I quite understand the rewards for doing so though."
76561198055078249,Recommended,326410,13118542,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,nogood,"Updated*****Game breaking glitch:***** update If you don't play in windowed mode it seems to work fine.I'm having a lot of fun with this game, I don't know how to describe it accept it is as it appears to be in the store page."
76561198111881515,Recommended,326410,15229693,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,RUMHAM,"Argh and aye. Don't be a landlubber, buy this game, yargh. Relaxing and fun, yargh, this be true. But don't be a scullywag or I'll send ye to Davy Jones' Locker. Yargh, be pirates with ye friends and rule the oceans deep, yargh. Test yer aim against ye foes and find ye treasures; gem and gold. YARGH!!!!"
76561198010248071,Recommended,326410,15291263,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,simdream,"A sea faring game with depth!Goods trading, quests, fighting pirates, co-op, ship upgrades, multiple regions, procedural maps and beautiful visuals.This game is so much fun, and has enough content to play for months, solo or with friends.And this is still in Early Access, with lots of frequent updates and a May release date, worth every cent!"
76561198046449002,Recommended,326410,15173368,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,TheSkiter10,"After 41 hours of gameplay, testing all the ships and mechanics of the game I can say that we have a great game and work here!First I can say is that it's a early access game so many things change with each patch, but the developer release frequently patchs, so it has great future.Windward is a sailing game where you choose a faction who give you different ''boost'' like firepower, speed, trade profits... trying to conquest different regions and dominate the seas, improving your conquisted towns and get better stuff and ships.But ""where is the challenge?"" Arrr, All aboard! Tons of pirates everywhere, who try to get your regions and sink your ship in trade functions.In addition other players can challenge you to get regions, so the war and fun is guaranteed!We have a plenty of possibilities is the customization, from equipment for the ship like cannons, sails, crew... which boost our ship stats to hull paints, sails paints, sails drawings... and even flags that we can use to change of faction, disable pvp or even be pirates! We have the possibility of customize our own map when we start a world too.Another important aspect of the game is the possibility to create and add mods, which is a very interesting possibility and can expand the gameplay a lot. At the moment few mods were released, but the community is pretty nice and in some months I think some interesting mods will start to show up.-Pros* Pretty nice graphics, that can be supported by mostly of economic graphic cards nowadays.* The gameplay is easy and very fun.* The IA of the npc's is pretty good ( Still having some cons ) but they does their job and the quotes are interesting and fun.* The customization is just great, from the appearance of the ship to his stats.* The skill system is a good motivation to get levels and are useful.* Combat system is simple but fun, with some details like the sails deterioration that affects the mobility and speed.* Quest system is useful not just for XP and resources, it upgrade your town to get better items, profits, and ships, giving a good reason to do the quest and get better towns.* The factions are defined, having each one different features, so you can choose according with your style.* Mods support, something awesome to not get boring of the same functions always.* Frequently updates and active dev in forum.* The community seems nice and help.-Cons* The IA is useful, but sometimes allies ships does weird things like ram you all the time or damage you in combat frequently.* Skills are useful, but in my opinion too useful, I mean, with the whole skill tree of defense I can kill 4 ships  at the same time with my ship of line, some needs a downgrade.* At the moments there're just 10 quest, it's a good amount of them to start, but when you have some time playing the quest are so repetitive.All the cons will change with the time, it's just a early acess at all, but the game have a great future, congrats to the creator, it is a great and fun game, and I hope we can enjoy it much more."
76561198053768224,Recommended,326410,15192942,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,d6,"Windward is a great small game with a great small community. The gameplay can be a little repetitive but it stays challenging throughout. You may spend your time soloing around doing quests, trading goods, or taking on pirates.Where the game really shines are larger battle instances when more people are online, and then things become frantic and hilarious. When 8-10 people are circling around a pirate lord, guns blasting, clouds of smoke, balls of fire, you start humming along to the great soundtrack and get into it.It has some polishing to do in menu screens and could use a little more content but this is an excellend early access pickup."
76561198065394658,Recommended,326410,15302020,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Thehess,i really injoy this game. its always good to just sit back and sail every now and then.
76561198018559359,Recommended,326410,14172004,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Catpuss,This is a great game if you like open world ship games. It feels a lot like the mount & blade series in that you choose a faction do tasks for them and then fight other factions. There is a lot of stuff to do and the game looks great even though it only uses up 700mb of space.
,Recommended,326410,14897691,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,turtle.freeman,This game is really fun. I've enjoyed what time I've spent so far. The only constructive criticism I can offer is to fix the right clicking... when I'm trying to hire allies and I miss it slows my ship down and sometimes has cost me a life. Separating the right clicking functions somehow would be extremely helpful.Another thing I thought would be cool to see would be some dolphins surfacing for air or to jump or something. I've played this game for quite a few hours so far and have yet to see a dolphin breathe! It would be a nice touch to add in the occasional dolphin coming up for air or jumping etc.
,Recommended,326410,14929500,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Chorizo,"If development continues this is well worth the investment, very enjoyable and challenging as is."
,Recommended,326410,15084889,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,ian.draken,"I highly recommend this game.  If you enjoy an old style sailing adventure with pirates and conquest and ships that sail true to the wind then this game is for you.Windward is sometimes tranquil, sometimes exciting, always changing and rewards you fairly for the hours you put in.There are no obvious flaws in Windward.   It just flows on and on."
76561198037146875,Recommended,326410,15026786,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,ScLobo,"Windward starts out very simple, almost too simple but it's fun. The more I progress the more I like it although it could be deeper for my taste. Pairs very well with the Pirates of the Carribean soundtrack. makes the experience 10 fold better, my wife gave me some odd looks as the theme song was booming through the house as I was laying waste to pirate scum. She then asked me to turn it down to which I responded ""I'm disinclined to acquiesce to your request. Means ""no""."""
,Recommended,326410,15107088,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Forsties,"Early Access - 29/03/15First off, this game is basically everything good about early access releases:- The game is complete enough to sink (if you'll pardon the pun) many many hours into already, plus it's enjoyable enough that you will want to!- There aren't many bugs (have encountered one big one so far which was fixed by restarting the game - didn't lose any progress at all as your character is periodically saved)- The Dev is actively developing and has looked to the forums for suggestions on things to add into the game.The game itself is fantastic, I would recommend this to anyone looking for a game that can be both relaxing and exciting depending on where you go and what you do there."
76561197981969410,Recommended,326410,15117279,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Chesterhorse,Why cant I stop playing?!
,Recommended,326410,14295192,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Dadetka,Cool and fun game. But need more people online for more fun!
76561198071724942,Recommended,326410,15865025,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Latios,"This is a wonderful game. A lot of people might consider it too simple, but that's no reason to turn away. Windward is truely a master piece. It's scenery, realistic wind to sail status, and it's music fit perfectly. The music it's self is wonderful, and makes long trips between towns enjoyable and relaxing, while the battle theme keeps to a sea battle pace. All the small jokes inbetween are also great. To top it all off, there is at least one server with 200 players on it regular, fighting on a reaigonal map over territory and plunder. If you're into PvP, try the servers. If you're into quests, perfect. Trading? Sure! And if you just want to ram your boat into the coast line until it sinks...well be my guest! This game is well worth every penny. WE NEED MORE SAILING SHIP GAMES!Meny people have left. : ( It's still good though, perfect for playing with friends."
,Recommended,326410,13823443,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Donkey Crazy,"Combat needs some improvements but overall fun to play.  Different game mechanics such as city building, trading, generated worlds, talents, etc. are implemented but need more features."
,Not Recommended,326410,22277854,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Asriel Dreemurr,"A game with lots of potential, it's fun for a while, but after a certain period of time, your just left to grind your way up to the top. Very sad for such great graphics and mechanics."
,Recommended,326410,22466623,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,JJMacAndCheese,"Great game all in all. It is almost like a create your own adventure in a sence that you can be a ship that battles, trades, ect. and have the freedom to do what you would like. I would like to have a bigger introduction to the game. The games intro was like a nudge into the right direction but when it left you it was like, ""What do I do."" Overall it is a great game; just look into the game before getting into it."
,Recommended,326410,14601091,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,The African,"This is one of those special and well worth supporting games.Changes are done mostly on a daily rate.The changelog is updated on Google Drive, this was convinent for me, as I found it easier to read on my smartphone rather than going to steam's website or any other website with lots of pictures and data. It's kept clean and simple.The moment the game was avaiable on steam ( early access ) it was fully playable and so far after so many updates, the game has never failed to start or be played. I have other early access games that I can't say the same.The graphics are one of a kind, really realistic, and it doesn't sacrifice performance, the sound is peacefull, perfect for the casual stressed out player.Single player is perfect as it is, however, later on you might want to join Multiplayer. There's lots more fun, new friends to make, instances promoting CO-OP have recently been added, I can connect to international servers with above average ping and the game runs smooth. Lag is not very noticeble. Ping doesn't seem to affect the game much in my normal cable connection. That's also very rare in most games multiplayer. I had people from China, Portugal, Spain all connected to a Canadian Server problems free. Same for other servers.If you've seen a YouTube video with gameplay that it's from an early time, trust me, things have changed alot and for the better. Be sure to check for updated reviews and videos before you judge.Would buy again."
,Recommended,326410,22294056,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Mcsantna,"For what this game is, it does it great. Its a top down 'pirate' / ship game where you control a ship you upgrade and expand your faction accross the randomly generated map. Great graphics, solid play and I haven't noticed any bugs."
,Recommended,326410,22325619,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,WhateFang,"Excellent game, but there is no translation into Russian."
,Recommended,326410,22268735,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Crom,"Good and simple game mechanics. Works perfectly and has nice amount of things to do. Sure it starts repeating same pattern soon, but it still has good entertainment hours / price ratio."
,Recommended,326410,21991771,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Bulwark,"Want a nice relaxing game that has soothing music and a variety of quests for you to complete while you explore? Buy Windward. Early levels start peaceful and content, broken occasionally by the annoyance of pirates. Get further, and you reach the frontlines where battle is more common. Be either a trader for the monies or a conqueror for the lootings."
,Recommended,326410,27900248,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mythic,"Hands down the best ""Pirate"" game out there, hours of fun and enjoyment"
76561197960576941,Recommended,326410,27985247,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Inferno,"This game is a hidden gem. So simple in design and gameplay, yet sucks you in for hours. The music is calming even when you get overwhelmed by pirates. It can be played co-operatively/multiplayer and your friends can hop in/out at a whim. Hours can be lost just doing one more quest to help the people in towns in your current area. The difficulty of the game scales well from scene to scene but sometimes you need to go back to do a few more quest to get some better upgrades for your ship, or a new ship altogether. I highly recommend giving this game a go."
76561198058222860,Recommended,326410,14719787,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,AngryScottsman,"i have played windward for about 10 hours and i am addicted to it already. the game while being fun, still needs some improvements, such as not having pirates already taking over your newly acquired area as soon as you start playing, i would love to be able to zoom out a little further, maybe a click or two of the scroll wheel. more commodities would be nice, also adding a captains desk would be nice for all the scrolls you examined, probably making it one less cargo space than the maximum on your ship. Now despite what i have said i really do and would recommend this game to anyone, and everyone."
76561198007380807,Recommended,326410,14820058,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,gkgnight,"I saw this game at PAX East 2015 and immediately fell in love with it. I got copies for all my friends and they feel the same. The only downside is trying to make a server and invite your friends can be EXTREMELY confusing. Also this game has amazing complexity that you don't realize at first.Many of the game mechanics like heroic dungeons you'd never find out about unless someone told you. Needs a little polish with that and main menus for inviting and hosting servers. Also a list of maps and ""campaigns/players/ships"" is needed.This game will run on laptops no problem! Thank you DEVS for that one!Overall this is the kind of game you sit down to play for 5 minutes only to realize it's been 8 hours and you missed class. Currently i give it 4 out of 5. Once game is more polished it'll be a difinative 5/5!"
76561198052882866,Recommended,326410,14698834,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Mongo,Great game! Dev does a great job also. Hours of fun.
,Recommended,326410,13604205,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,.Lunacy,"Seek no more, this is it.Sail my ship in land, got stuck on ground.11/10 will not crash into land again"
,Recommended,326410,14380092,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Kirk Steele,"This game is very complex, yet super simple. Once you have grasped the basics of the game you are well on your way to becoming the top pirate this side of region 58."
,Recommended,326410,16682269,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Gab,Awesome game!
,Recommended,326410,16686275,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,NormireX,"Windward is a very relaxing but sometimes action packed game.  The music and visuals are very relaxing most of the time.You will ferry passengers from one port to another, get involved in trade, and of course engage in ship to ship battles and then grab the loot from your fallen enemy. The best way to describe it is Diablo/Dungeon Seige on the Sea. Though item stats seem less randomized than those games, which some may see as good, while others may see it as disappointing,You can buy different ships with different stats and cargo capacity and so on. Each ship can be outfitted with sails, hull material types, cannons, etc all of which you can buy from most port towns, or you can sink some ships and try grabbing loot that way as well.The game also has random world generation and the ability to choose varying map sizes. You also have several factions that you can allign with.I have not tried the multiplayer yet, but you can host your own server and enable or disable PvP.Overall the game is very good. I personally would prefer more of a Diablo approach to loot, but it is fine the way it is currently.I would give Windward a solid 8/10."
,Recommended,326410,16622961,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Sir Pencil,It's like Pirates! mixed with a free-roaming RPG.
,Recommended,326410,16628506,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,TWENU,"Beautifull, peacefull and awesome gameplay.Personally i love this game, it has nice look, and great music to go with it, and to top it of i hear there may be comming support for steam workshop too.Highly recommended game!And well done to the one guy who pulled it of!"
,Recommended,326410,16629502,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Dejarl,"To keep it simple; if you loved Sid Meiers Pirates, but didn't enjoy the dancing too much - this is a game for you! On top of that it offers multiplayer which adds even more value to the game."
76561198068696054,Recommended,326410,15986871,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,[HiT] Ryan [CEO],"Friend Finder for WindWardAdd Each Other To Make Friends :)Join the Group called Windward Friends to find people just like you who are interested in making friends to play with in world of Windwardhttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/Windward_FriendsThis game is amazing! It's very addicting! Better to play with friends, so that's why I made the group above to help people find friends to play with!EVERYONE MUST GET THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,326410,15989726,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Gomeler,"Ignoring a few nights of tabbing out, I think I've played Windward for about 20 hours and discovered that the boat combat genre is something I need in my life. Being a big fan of the rogue-like genre, Windward plays like a shallow Diablo/Torchlight/Path of Exile with the restraints around boat combat mechanics. I only say shallow as I wished there was more variety in the in-game activities.It is obvious that the developers spent the brunt of their effort on combat, and it shows in how smooth(mostly) it plays out. Fights can be very simple 1v1 focusing on positioning, or they can be chaotic brawls with narrow escapes. There is some variety in ship configurations, with ""tank and spank"" and ""hit and run"" being the two successful configurations I went with. However, in my opinion there is so much more potential for other combat mechanics. Boarding ships, tethering via harpoons, mines, disabling weapons and steering(more than the existing rigging shredding), and better skill shots could enhance combat.Outside of combat, the game economy could provide a nice non-combative way to advance with a bit of engineering effort. Add a low-key city builder, enable trade route formation, and things of this nature. Outside of online instances and heroic instances, I found manually moving goods around to be an acceptable means to generate enough gold for the zeppelin, but grinding that 1m gold left me wanting more variety in gold generation.All the above points however would just be a wishlist for another installment or another game. At the pricepoint that Windward is sitting at, it is interesting enough to keep the player engaged for 10-20 hours. Online play is fun, solo play is fun, and the gameplay is simple yet rewarding."
,Recommended,326410,15976836,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,sUfFeRiNg,Glorious Time waster ++++++
,Recommended,326410,15977542,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Chris Cross Applesauce,"The game is fairly simple but a lot of fun. You start off with a small, slow, ship without much in the way of equipment. You'll  begin doing some simple quests, trading, light combat against single pirate ships and such as you try to upgrade your little dinghy. You'll be able to customize your hull, cannons, sails, crew, captain, and more with a Diablo-esque loot system, as well as custom paint and decals for your hull and sails to make your ship uniquely you.Before too long however, you'll be invited into your first combat instance, which is basically a region at war with a fleet of endlessly respawning pirates. The combat instances I can only describe as something out of Star Wars Battlefront, or Dynasty Warriors, with two (or more) fleets of ships competing to control all of the towns on the map. To win, you need to capture every town on the map. The more towns under your control, the more allied ships will spawn to help you finish the job.Once you've finished your first combat instance, you can either choose to continue a more peaceful casual game of trading and questing, or maybe try to take over the entire single player world map. At any time, you can invite steam friends into your game, and they can even bring their own custom ship.The real ""meat"" of the game in my opinion, is playing on the public servers, which can have hundreds of players populating the world. In the frontier regions, you'll experience particularly insane pvp and pve fleet battles which you can initiate simply by sailing into another faction's region and clicking a button. Pvp is purely optional however, and you can raise a white flag to ""opt out"" of it if you're not interested in player vs player.At this point, you've done just about everything you can expect from the game, aside from the extra challenging ""heroic"" missions that you'll unlock at a higher level.Pros:- It's really REALLY fun if you like the sound of large-scale battles with pvp factions and pirate lords.- Diablo-like loot system where finding ""that perfect"" new item can be really exciting.- New abilities and custom builds add exciting strategies to combat as you rise through the ranks.- A quick message on the global chat, and you'll VERY quickly get invited into multiplayer coop.- The combat is engaging. Strength in numbers, as well as good sailing usually win out against higher level ships.- Combat has a perfect level of difficulty. Sinking an enemy ship is just hard enough to feel satisfying.- The humor is amusing, it's not not uncommon for enemy pirates to shout things like ""THE CAPTAINS ON FIRE!!""- The game doesn't force anything on you. If want to play a more casual trading/questing game, you can.- The online community, while very competitive in pvp, is friendly and welcoming to new players.Cons:- The game is VERY simple. If you're not having fun by the end of your second or third combat instance, the game isn't for you.- There's not a ton of content. You're either trading commodities, going on quests, or fighting in fleet battles.- Combat instances can be really tough to do alone, highly recommend playing online.- There's not a ton of different music tracks.Summary:I really, really enjoy this game. It's a bit too simple for some people, but there's something really great about taking part in the massive online battles. I recommend looking up some gameplay footage on Youtube. I do hope this game gets some new content at some point. (Ghost ships? Sea Monsters?)"
76561198204191956,Recommended,326410,15979507,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,FlipNation 8OH8,"Just got the game 2 days ago, And i am hooked It reminds me so much of one of my all time favorite games Sid Meier's Pirates. Which I still playing once in awhile on my 360. Plus the community is really friendly and active Admin/Admin's.Will recommend to friends"
76561197993570752,Recommended,326410,15979649,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,=(T)=™ Provost,"Does what it says on the tin, Great fun for Co-op battles. The Mrs loves it too."
,Recommended,326410,15981050,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Fuck Beeps,♥♥♥♥in pirates! 10/10 jerks!
,Recommended,326410,15891181,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,FVS,A streamlined version of pirates. Multiplayer included. Great buy and a testament to the power of Unity.
,Recommended,326410,14457991,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,brassballeddragon,Hey what an AWESOME sailing and pirate game. Better than any pirate or sailing/merchant game out there.
,Recommended,326410,21066543,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Reborn,Lulz fun but gameplay gets repeatative tho.... try adding dlc or bring more content to the table
76561198066867656,Recommended,326410,21060370,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,g3rgamer,"Fun game. Needs a tutorial level to explain controls and general game mechanics. I gleamed most of them through playing but some, such as unlocking new vessels, I resorted to the FAQ for."
,Recommended,326410,21095591,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,MeinSchweppes,chill boat game
,Recommended,326410,21047522,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Matt 马休,"An enjoyable and relaxing game where you pioneer a warship in an island environment. This environment consists of many connected ""maps"". As you progress through the maps you will encounter more diffucult enemies. You can travel between any maps you have conquered freely.Your warship can be customised, you can earn reputation with your faction, trade and fight pirates. As you level up and accumulate money, you can buy bigger and better ships, put skill points into one of three skill trees, and unlock new abilities.The controls handle well, abilities feel smooth to use and the graphics are pleasant. There is no real challenge to the game; you really just cruise round a nice island environment in a ship with cannons. Multiplayer is not very populated but I had a very enjoyable singleplayer experience. As long as you don't go in expecting anything too difficult or deep rpg elements you'll enjoy this game.+ relaxing+ graphics+ customisation+ theme+ skill trees- gets repetitive after a while- multiplayer not that active"
,Recommended,326410,15973199,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Symmetra,"The game runs so smooth and is beautiful. The trading/questing system is well done, so is the combat system. However, now the game has very few players, used to be hundreds now the highest in a server ive seen is 15. In my opinion, it is a 4 out of 5 stars for me! :)"
,Recommended,326410,21138592,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,mr_mellow3,"Overall this is a rather fun game.  I haven't delved too heavily into the multiplayer yet, but it feels like it definitely has replayability to it.  There isn't a whole lot of depth (compared to Sid Mier's Pirates or Tempest) as far as ship combat, customization, etc go, but it's still fun to sail around.  With a few content patches the game could be a lot more fun and engaging, but as it stands now, the quests are limited and feel all the same.  Combat is fairly fun."
,Recommended,326410,21359502,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,ich,A great game to play with some mates ot to just explore on your own in your time and pace. It's fun and quite relaxing ;-)I'd recommend building a challenging map (yes you can go beyond 39 in difficulty) and jsut have a go.
76561198032251802,Recommended,326410,21433908,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,gardiner4000,I wasn't sure of this game when I first started as it's kind of slow but that gets faster as you buy new ships and get better equipment. I have grown to like it a lot especially trying to fight when significantly outnumbered and finding maps harder than I have the ship or equipment/ crew for. One bugbear is the fact that my friends can't join a prvate in spite of it being meant to be easy. A lot of people seem to have this problem so it's very likely Single player unless you pay for a server or join a public one.
76561198043671732,Recommended,326410,21626675,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,The Great He Goat,what the ♥♥♥♥ am i playing
76561197977724415,Not Recommended,326410,21642911,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,SoYman,I like the idea and the implementation is very good. However the progression is horribly unrefined. After reaching about level 12 I was still totally outmatched by two lvl 6 enemies. The game very quickly turned into a unrewarding grind.
76561198115481332,Recommended,326410,20372465,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,SharpShooter777,This game is a great game it's peaceful when trading and crazy when in combat i recommend this game it's great!
76561198004423171,Recommended,326410,20436091,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Teague,"If you are going to buy this game I recommend you go in on a 4-pack with some friends. Make sure they are friends that will play too. It's a fun game, but it does get repetative on single player. I tend to go take different areas for myself and look at the different ships. When you get all the talent points (which takes much longer than 'a few hours' like one commenter said) it's mostly just taking over areas and looking to get a bigger ship. I looked on the Wiki and discovered there are quite a few ships to include a zeppelin. I haven't gotten that far, but I am interested in getting my 4-man crew back together to do some pillaging."
76561197992960689,Recommended,326410,20432229,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Ron,"This game is very compelling. It's one part Civilization, one part SPAZ, with a dash of Diablo for good measure, all wrapped in a charming Pirates of the Caribbean-esque theme. I don't want to quit playing it, such that my first session was 13+ hours long.The commissions have the ""just... one... more..."" that you'd expect from a turn based game (exept that this one is real time), and has manual sailing, including combat, that gives the battles an epic, yet tactical flavour that keeps me spoiling for my next pirate attack. The ship you command even has a number of ""slots"" that you can upgrade with better items, such as improved hull, better sails, stronger cannons and ammo, and even crew and captain, all of which are randomly acquired Diablo style, by completing commissions, as the spoils of war, or even randomly floating in crates in the sea.In a nutshell, it's a lot of fun, and I find it very relaxing to play. That said, I do have a few complaints, though minor.While the ocean graphics are quite nice and detailed, much of the land scenery looks really chunky by comparison. The rocks aren't too bad, but the trees have a decidedly decade-old look.Sailing into the wind, while realistic, is frustratingly slow. It feels like whenever you need to be somewhere, especially in a hurry, the wind turns against you. Could be my imagination, but it grows tiresome at times.During instanced missions, you can freely use powderkegs to blast shallows and narrow land bridges asunder, but so far, I have not found a way to do this in the course of normal gameplay. That's unfortunate.The map view and trading systems could use some quality-of-life polish, to make it easier to see who needs what commodities at a glance. It would also be nice if you could gather rumours about where to go for commodities that you can't get in your local region. It would also be nice to have an idea of what can be found where based on the climate. I know that you'll figure this out with time, but I'd like to see it on the map.I'd like to see some DLC that adds a little more depth to the trading, diplomacy, and city building aspects of the game. You can already buy off neutral captains to turn them into temporary allies, but it would be nice if it were possible to buy other factions' cities out from under them, and use money and / or diplomacy to bend more trade deals in your favour, like being able to establish a monopoly, or add tarriffs, etc.There are a ton of shipwrecks dotting the map, and it would be cool if you could salvage them, outside of specific missions that require you to do so.Pretty minor complaints. This game is good. I recommend it. But it has the potential to be even better, and I'd like to see that happen, even as paid DLC."
76561198085454189,Recommended,326410,20297949,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,blfmtnranger85,"This game is ok... Its gameplay gets a little repetitive. It would also be more fun if there was more online activity. Its openworld feel to it is nice, and it has a lot of potential to be fun if you like this sort of thing."
,Recommended,326410,20312302,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Atheronaut,"Amazing little game that provides great gameplay, AI, UI, and multiplayer. Nothing more relaxing. But this game still has lots of room to add more ships, and more items. Thats about all. 8/10"
,Recommended,326410,20318527,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Wilhelm,"I see a lot of negative reviews here. I personally have really enjoyed my experience with this game. Some of the complaints are that it gets grindy, which it does. Ive played lots of MMOs so this aspect doesnt bother me as much. I definetly reccomend this game."
,Recommended,326410,20349357,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Mr Llamatastic,"I like this game very much and recommend it to anyone who enjoys a more casual feel to a game with occasionally interspersed elements of challenge and strategy. However ""full controller support"" is a bit of an exaggeration. I'm finding myself reading through several discussion threads to figure out how to set key bindings."
,Not Recommended,326410,20465098,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,mark.nau,"Too shallow, repetitive."
76561198115191333,Recommended,326410,20493886,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,PyroPyro,"I enjoy this game, I'll admit, it's a slow game, it's not packed with action and excitement at every turn and that's OK because if you want that you can start a few instances if you like.This is a well built game that's easy to get into and can just be a relaxing playthrough experience when you want, if you'd rather run into some challenging battles then go for a high level pirate zone, or perhaps you're the kind of person who likes to play with their enemies obliterating them as soon as they enter your sightline, in that case once you've got a brigate or a  frigate run head first into a low level pirate zone and then run head first into the pirates themselves, it's a blast, literally.I'm going to be honest, there's a bit of grinding needed to get some of the good ships but it's fun pirate exploding grinding or stategic trading grinding.I got this game on sale at about £4, I don't think it's worth £10.99 though, wait for a sale and pick it up for about £5-£6 or less, that's about the region I'd say it's worth."
,Recommended,326410,20389691,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Bobby Digital,"Visually pleasing yet not resource demanding, calm & relaxing yet exciting gameplay. Unlimited quests, upgrades, and combat for an experience that'll keep you interested more than long enough to feel as though you've REALLY gotten your money's worth. Yeah I may have bought it on sale for >$5 bucks so its easy to say that I will without a doubt get my moneys worth. However after getting a chance to try it out...  If I hadn't already bought it I can say with 100% certainty that I would've rather paid full price for the game then wait for it to go on sale again.This games not for everyone thats easy enough to see.. but if you think you'd like it then you will, because that was my attitude before playing. For those that care more about continuous improvement then anything else, I've already noticed improvement from when the game was launched. Almost a year ago I looked at the game and thought it was a brilliant idea but lacked the multiplayer/coop I was looking for. The game has functional multiplayer now including instances that are a fun way to keep the game fresh and exciting.7.5/10 do recommend. Unless you like COD."
76561198161273284,Recommended,326410,20390133,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,jdesaw11bravo,"This is the best dumbed-down RTS I've ever played.  The music nice, the landscape is simple yet beautiful, the controls are top notch.  This is one of those games that can be intense, fun, and relaxing all at the same time.  You can play it while occupied with other real life things in the background or you can focus intently.  Some folks say it grindy, which is all on perspective since nearly 80% of all games involve some sort of repetition (grind).  Easy 9/10 especially if you factor in the low cost."
76561198081672553,Recommended,326410,20379671,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Valkyrie,"After about 6 - 12 hours this game gets really repetitive, play online with other players and it's much more enjoyable."
,Recommended,326410,20359505,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Ninja Hamster,Probably the most relaxing game  i have ever played 11/10 would set sail again.
,Not Recommended,326410,20174557,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,qianwei,"Gameplay is fun for the first few hours, after which it gets repetitive and boring in single player mode (find and kill that pirate, ferry passengers/cargo, killing more pirates). Online gameplay provides an extra few hours of entertainment, after which the gameplay becomes boring again (heroics and more heroics, almost non-existent pvp). As other reviewers have mentioned, some server admins abuse their admin rights on the servers resulting in a diminishing online population.Recommendation: Only purchase this if its on sale, otherwise save your money for other games."
,Recommended,326410,22644026,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,VINikkuh,"This is a fun casual game. It's better played with other people or friends. Some of the hardcore missions will take a long time even if there are a lot of players in the mission, but that just makes it the more fun. There are several  ships to choose from, each with their own strengths and weaknesses. You can kind of think of this game like a RPG but with ships lol. Anyways, good game overall, though the last time I wanted to play online, the official servers were down..."
76561198072943657,Recommended,326410,25349775,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Sky Explorer,"This game is perfect for casual, smooth sailing and action packed combat, with a hint of soothing soundtrack."
,Recommended,326410,25327249,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Cartof,"This game is.. nice and relaxing. Did not play too much but it was pretty much ok. Nice graphics, cool menus.. It is fine for 5 USD but no more.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P2JauMCgJFU"
76561198027075511,Recommended,326410,25313520,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,TheSunEater,"truely a fun little game, personally think it needs Couch Co-op8/10"
,Recommended,326410,25298852,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Banzai,"Very pretty game with addictive gameplay. Start with a small ship buying cargoes or taking quests to earn rep and cash to upgrade your ship. Equip crew, specialists, sails, cannon & special equipment to customize your ship. Hire allies, explore new areas, fight pirates (or become one). Lots to do and lots of fun."
76561197999327663,Recommended,326410,21681043,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,rysa,"I'm a big fan of this game. I recommend it to anyone looking for an easy game that is relaxing. This game has the standard chose your own upgrades xp system which keeps it interesting.It can feel a bit slow at times, but there's always upgrades to be found and I don't think I have come close to maxing out the speed yet.The game offers a borderlands style mp where friends can join your game."
,Recommended,326410,21665600,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,yar1k0v,Like this game. Hope developers will continue working on new features. Would like to see this game growing into a good MMO.
76561198091556511,Recommended,326410,21717755,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Bass,I got my moneys worth out of this game and plan on playing more later on. Keep up the good work guys!
76561197971048030,Recommended,326410,21533121,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Xen,"The game is a sand box you design.  Each world is customizable without any mods, and the mod support is great as well."
76561198014825508,Recommended,326410,21074066,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,RitzBitz,"I've played Windward about 46 hours according to my library and I must say I was not expecting to when I first bought the game! It's incredibly addicting, at least until you've conquered all of the seas, built up some large cities and unlocked all your ships. And the multiplayer option makes it even more fun, imagine you and a couple friends taking on fleets of pirate or opposing faction vessels. For a $15 price tag, Windward is well worth it!"
76561198075849015,Not Recommended,326410,21075404,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,wespe___o=/;;;:*,"70/100Assassins Creed Black Flag is the much better Pirate/Ship simThis looks more like the Mobiles version: Travel from port to port..and fight pirates in between!Also **trade goods to make money and do quests (eg: bring someone from A to B / ..or fight a pirate)One of the best 1-man-projects in game development,sadly lacks depth and content after a short time - where it gets boring.PRO:-nice Atmosphere (good Sounds)-Gfx is quite OK (Topdown view)-Fights are fun-quite some Upgrades from ShipHull ..over Sails ..to cannons-enemy AI is ok (ofc not comparable to AC:Black Flag)CONs:-sometimes the terrain locks a bit raw at the edges-basically all town look the same-only 3 different Ship-types, where even the largest two for10k/13k gold only differ in stats-all ships limited to  2/3 Cargo slots - but each quest takes a slot - so only 3 quests at the same time ;(->BUT the worst is that your **TRADING is also limited by those cargo slots!!You can eighter do quests or Trade.. or both.. but with 3 slots max the gain from sales is often worse than just doing quests and kill pirates ;(-often you will feel like wandering around with no aim and real trading is hurt by the small cargo slot capabilities, as if the game wants to prevent you from accumulating too much money in some hoursBUY it, if you like to fight pirates all day or get it in sale to support such indy devs - hopefully a Sequel comes one day and has all those Cons fixed^^Aside from the aforementioned game-design flaws, it´s still fun for some time."
,Not Recommended,326410,21297617,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Mils,The sea is deep; Windward is not.
76561198167015711,Recommended,326410,21260085,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,darkn00b1971,"I bought this game for my wife, now she has to shove me away from the computer to play it. Addictive is a mild word to describe Windward. Play it as casually or as deeply as you want. Play for a few minutes or lose yourself in it for a few hours, it is great either way. HINT: This game is much deeper gameplay-wise than it looks like at first glance. ;)"
76561198043759303,Not Recommended,326410,21278413,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Sylerian,"Good god could the AI in this game be ANY ♥♥♥♥♥ier for your own team? But look at the pirate team and they are like a well oiled machine, fix the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥AI and you would get a good review from me."
,Recommended,326410,21296011,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Sa1nt.,"This game is so much fun! its  very different from most games ive played, this game is a sit back and relax and expand, trade and destroy pirates. this has no campain, with several different maps and multiplayer is fun too. great game to relax and play with friends!"
,Recommended,326410,26324610,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,oAscendancy,"Windward is a fun, laid back game. I just bought it and have enjoyed my first couple hours so far! It's simple when it comes to mechanics and what not, but it's an indie AND for the price, I was definitely satisfied. Looking forward to playing more!! Fun to play if you're bored or even in between playing other games, it's a nice way to break it up or waste time. I read that there may be another game coming out, and if so, I would definitely buy it to check it out based on my impressions of this! Recommended for sure"
76561198078284013,Recommended,326410,26779121,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,clapclap438,almost perfect
,Recommended,326410,20081372,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Prodigy,"Just bought the game, and i'm having so much fun.10/10 would buy again !Future edit: Still having fun!"
,Recommended,326410,26823885,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kris,"Great little game to have in your library, although towards the end of the game it is a little tedious"
,Recommended,326410,13844388,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Misha,"I will say this game is a fun game, the game play is easy to pick up on and you will often find you talking to you self about which cargo is best to bring to get most out of it. The game it self is not a AAA title, but thats not a bad thing. The game is still being made and new stuff is sure to come. You will at some point hope your friends gets it or go online and find a server to play on as the single player will a little boring after some time. But all in all I will give this game 8/10. So if you like games like sid meter's pirates then jump aboard this game and have a jolly time. Note this game does not have sword combat or dancing.Still a good game and just show what a simple idea can become."
76561197991881967,Recommended,326410,26819888,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,theinvisibleguy3,Simple and relaxing sailing/trading game. Similar to Sid Meier's Pirates.
,Recommended,326410,26948781,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,FishManMike,"Pretty fun. The endgame gets boring and repetative pretty quick, but its great fun for a group of friends to play together"
76561198202772344,Recommended,326410,26721023,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Ian,"Very interesting game.  However the missions get repetative after a while.  Still the game is fun, relaxing, and unique."
76561198042412559,Recommended,326410,26178809,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Pop,"This game is exceptional and all out graceful, while playing this I felt relaxed, challenged, and I felt like the greatest pirate of the 7 seas 10/10 would conquer pirate islands, and camps again"
76561198044078718,Recommended,326410,27522802,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,nickolai,Really fun and relaxing game. Combat feels very satisfying.
76561198055623955,Recommended,326410,23819889,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,BurnAllPs3z,"okay.. I spent a little time in this game... HOLY SH!T is it addicting, it's currently 4:30 AM and I have a bunch of things to do tomorrow, but all i can worry about is the next quest !! seriously you guys need to play this on hard with 2 or 3 peeps, or singleplayer with good sailing much :P ! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!"
76561198058345702,Recommended,326410,16210939,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,MortarrKang,"If you're a fan of the Sid Meier's ""Pirates!"" game, then this will likely appeal to you. Though it doesn't have the background quest to find your family that ""Pirates!"" does, it does grant you a lot more freedom to pick what you do. There are quests offered in the towns, as well as cargo to haul from one place to another.For multiplayer options, you can choose to allow Steam friends to join your game, or play on servers hosted by others.I'd say it's definitely worth the $20 to buy it; my only real gripe is the lack of a tutorial or other in-game reference.EDIT: I still recommend buying the game, especially if you're looking for a relatively inexpensive game you and your friends can play together; whether it's on the server run by Aren, himself, or the others regularly available. You could even just set up a game for you and your friends to play."
,Recommended,326410,15852041,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,ⓈⒽ☢ⒸⓀⓌⒶⓋⒺ,"Goods: Addictive as hell! Fun to play!Bads: Repetitive gameplay as well as little depth...Somehow it feels like this game needs more stuff and more things to do, but maybe we get lucky and this will be added in the (near) future. Still it's really fun to play and it can keep you busy for several hours and sometimes it's even hard to stop playing at all.Overall I think it's worth the price and therefore it's a thumbs up for me! Yarrr!"
76561198069488580,Recommended,326410,24099926,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Domo20,"I really enjoy this game. I bought a 4-pack during the Summer Sale and have already gotten my money's worth. The game is frequently updated, and you'll see the dev on the server anwering questions, taking suggestions, or simply just enjoing the game.I really enjoy the music and relaxing and simple nature of trading, but I also enjoy the complexity of deciding what ship and skills you need to focus on to compliment how you play. When I get a new ship it feels like an accomplisment and not just a hand-me-down. You can easily play for 5 minutes when you're waiting for food to cook, or sink multiple hours in a row if you have a free weekend.The community is great. If you have question they'll gladly help you. If you need help taking out a pesky pirate that has  been plundering all of your ports, they'll help you.There's not that much I don't like about it. Combat can be frusterating when your faction's AI block you from a strategic retreat, but that only happen once in a while.  I also wish there were more ""story"" quests like the Strange Diagram. Also is sometimes feels buggy, but the dev or admins are easily excessible to report them.I didn't expect this game to be us fun as it is, but it is. I recommend it, 9/10."
,Recommended,326410,24097459,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Dapper Danger,Suprisingly a really fun game I recommend this to anyone who is looking for some fun alone or with friends. Servers work great.
,Recommended,326410,23904287,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Sleek Weezles,"Incredibly relaxing atmosphere, controls, soundtrack, and overall game. Absolutely love it and for $3.99 (during sale), I highly recommend it. Full price might be a little steep for some people, but personally I'd say it's worth it at full price as well."
,Recommended,326410,24061690,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Error 404,"I----------------------------------------IName: 'The Gentle Colt'IGame: 'Windward'.I----------------------------------------SUMMARY:Windward is a 'openworld' online, sandbox game.For the most part you will be sailin from town to town, finishin quest and trading goods. If this                  already got you interested than I think that you should already give this game a                         chance. Now for the real review.IThe game plays very simple: you do quest, get Gold&Xp ,level up your ship, level up your skill-                 tree, go to higher seas and repeat the progress, that's basicly it... On your way                                      between the quest you can buy suplies to sell with profit in other towns. It makes questing more             fun this way and is a big selling point for this game. Not wasting so much time                                     talking about the graphics and the sounds, you can already see it on the pictures, it looks                          amazing and the music and sounds are pretty good, but they could use some more songs since     they get repetetive after a while.II -------------------------------------------------------I Combat:The combat is in my opinion the weakest part of this game. It's very basic, you turn your ship to  the enemy and it will fire automaticly. There are some buttons you can press with timers on                                          them to make the ship explode faster. It get the job done but it's nothing realy breathtaking.I--------------------------------------------------------I Conclusion:Do i recomend this game? Yes! without a doubt. It's a nice relaxing game that you can start up                  when you are bored. It has also much costumisation, and it supports the steamworkshop which        realy raises it's score. It's not for everybody! and i can understand that some will find it                                                  repetetive, but i know that i will start this game up immediately after writing this review. I give it               a solid 8/10, and a big tumbs-up for the team for making this amazing game.I--------------------------------------------------------Pros:+Graphics+Addictive+Quest's and trade system+Costumasation+Steamworkshop (I would recomend downloading the 'CameraMod' for a more indept view. Why they didn't include this from the start is beyond me...)Cons:-Lacking combat-Repetetive music"
76561198038600715,Recommended,326410,24074983,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,ThinkNoble,"Remember Cid Miers Pirates? This is everything that made that game great, and its online...need I say more? Go buy this if you are a fan of being a pirate and all things awesome."
76561198038125512,Recommended,326410,24088103,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Zaerin,This is a pretty relaxing game that's more than just sailing and fighting.  There is a town settling and discovery element that reminds me the exploration stage of a Civilization game.
,Not Recommended,326410,24087494,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,M-113,"The game is really relaxing and has nice graphics.But it really lacks any depth. You can trade goods between ports, fight pirates, do quests, and capture/build some structures - which is not much to begin with, and on top of that each of these is a bit too simplistic.Trading: Each port has literally a list of in-demand and in-excess goods that you can actually just see by looking at your map and hovering over the cities. Cross map trading is probably the most interesting since it requires you to remember what cities want, but when you travel between maps there's a loading screen.Fighting is really simplistic - there's no aiming and only a few skills. Your ship will automatically fire on any enemies to the side, seemingly randomly picking one if there's more than one.Questing is repetative. Quests are either a) fight some pirate, or b) go to another port (and maybe back), or c) build a strucutre (see below)Building/capturing just requires you some basic resources (which you pick up from floating debris in the water) - and then just clicking a button and waiting for a long time.The map is not an open world, but rather a grid of maps that you can travel between via loading screen. There's instances, but they offer nothing different - you still only focus on combat/trading.There's various items you can equip - things like hulls, sails, crew, captains (Yea, as an item) - but all they do is change the stats of your ship a bit. The skill tree is mostly stat changes too, with a few activated skills you can invest in.The game was interesting for a while and definitely a relaxing experience, but I feel that you learn all the mechanics in about a day, and then there's nothing interesting left to do.Exploring really has no purpose, there's nothing unknown. There are unvisited areas, but you won't find anything unique there - just pirates and ports.As it is, I do not recommend buying this."
76561197991587929,Recommended,326410,20234875,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Tim,"Absolutely fantastic game!! Great for single players, great for multiplayers!! It's nice to have options to do battlegrounds, combat, heroics, or just questing with friends OR by yourself if you should choose to!! Lots to do with quests and it's fun getting those rare items! It's a top notch game that you should not miss out on!!"
,Recommended,326410,20220153,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,bvcderrttyyhjjjk,"What an unexpectedly great game. I'm having LOTS of fun with it. When you first start out it is a little slow, but you give it a few hours and it becomes great. Everything is procedural, so its got lots of replayability. If you like the Pirate theme, this game is for you. And it becomes absolutely brilliant if you have other people to play it with, because you can do that, and when you enter someone else's game, you maintain all your progress. VERY cool."
76561198259911894,Recommended,326410,20101601,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Plantagenet,"Prepare to buckle your swash, but in a tranquil way."
,Recommended,326410,20267751,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,-8Bits R 'Nuff-,"I was looking for a relaxing game to play on all my OS, and Windward is exactly what I needed. Ahoy !"
,Not Recommended,326410,21838644,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Galucia,"I voted No but let me start this review with some kind things to say as I think this is a good game with some short comings that kind of ruin it. So it's  a very pretty game, the setting is lovely and the ships look  great. The controls and combat is very simple and straight forward but this isn't a bad thing. It makes it easy to pick up and you get abilities as time progresses if you are interested in more complex combat. The main thing that makes this game a no go however is the friend system or lack there of. This game is set up to be a multiplayer game and that is what attracted me to purchase it in the first place. I wanted to sail the high seas with my friends and all that. So my friend Pacs and I  got into the game and we were together at first. We couldn't actually ""Party Up"" but the game recognized that we were friends. We could even complete each others quests so it was as though we were in a party without actually being in a party. This all stopped when we wanted to try an instance. Since we were not in a party this put us in our own instance with no help. It took about an hour to complete and by the end of it just got boring, killing the same pirates over and over as you fight over port towns. If we could party up as in a normal mmo and do the instances together this game would be a yes for me and much more fun but as it stands now I would pass."
76561197970735990,Not Recommended,326410,21809077,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Scott,"Looks good, but lacks depth.  Got bored within an hour."
76561198031754497,Not Recommended,326410,21934700,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Zenithir,"so dissapointingthe game is near childish in its simplicity, I wanted to enjoy it, but there is nothing which is particularly drawing. You can't really invest, develop, or advance, just sort of goof around with a ship, get slightly better items, but truly priates gold the 95 version dumbed down a lot to make it multiplayer with only one ship type might describe this to some extent, though I am hesitant to relate it to such a fine game."
76561198083651614,Recommended,326410,24660854,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Captain Grimstock,Not a bad little game.
,Recommended,326410,24586082,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,DarthVaderJedi,A lot of fun and a very addicting game. Excelent game 10/10!
,Recommended,326410,24646596,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Bluddworth,"Although at the time I'm writing this review, I have only logged in 3.4 hours (all in same day) I highly recommoned this game to anyone who is a fan of games like Pirates! or Sea Dogs.Yes the game is simple and repetetive, but it is addictive as any game I've been addicted to, and that is a good thing."
76561198114687058,Recommended,326410,24508919,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Sexy red crowbar,The amount of random spawning pirates is to damn high !
,Not Recommended,326410,21802616,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Jakob,"I want to love this game so bad, if it had actual depth like stories or more ship customisation like being able to adjust what your cannons look like and actually see them on the ship, if it had even a little bit of story like how your captains came to be or perhaps singleplayer/multiplayer missions like having to invade. Other people are right, if it hooks you in you'll like it and play for ages but in its current state I don't think i'll be playing much more. Geez I wish there a neutral button and not just a like and dislike button. Maybe a 'NEEDS IMPROVEMENT' button."
,Recommended,326410,16460234,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,‡Lunar 미의‡,"Windward Was a great experience to play. It combined trading, questing and combat beutifully along with endless personilization. I Especcially Love the Multiplayer aspects of the game with public servers and server hosting."
76561198006677040,Recommended,326410,16461754,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,R2D2,"Fun game from the genre.  Not realistic or complicated, but enjoyable!!"
,Recommended,326410,16886751,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Merkuti01,"Take the best parts of Sid Meier's Pirates, make a true sandbox game, and you have Windward. If I want to relax, I can just sail, deliver some cargo or transport passengers, or if I want to kick some pirate butt, I can. I didn't expect to enjoy this game as much as I do but I find myself playing it again and again. Even on my laptop with the graphics on medium, Windward looks great and plays smoothly. I can't wait to see what this developer does next."
,Recommended,326410,16891298,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Psyker,"After I wage glorious conquest alongside the blue armada, I can name towns after locations in Trailer Park Boys.10/10"
76561198040560627,Recommended,326410,16894801,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Hvapsen,"Yes yes...its ok, its fun for a while, if you like do'ing the same quests over and over and over ... ... ... fun tho. :)"
76561198020623761,Recommended,326410,16908252,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,oddsock3,+1
,Recommended,326410,16798912,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Jax,"I love this game.I control a ship and shoot jerks  for lookin at me crossways then I float around the water.It's a sandbox, its kind of aimless, but I think that makes it more enjoyable. (See:Relaxing)The music is ignorable, fun game to play while you have a twitch stream or movie on especially."
,Recommended,326410,16960134,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Racist Penguin,"If you want a game that requires an all out grind with the same landscape no matter how far out you go, Windward is the one for you."
,Recommended,326410,16927091,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,EPICjumpinG-_PoMpA_-,This is an awesome relaxing game where you trade and do quests and stuff10/10
76561197963245450,Recommended,326410,16932875,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Lugus,"Just a very nice Game that makes you enjoy going back into the World. The Dogfights with other Ships can be tricky and the Ship Skins are awesome. Quality of the Graphics and even the Sound is good. Usually i play games like this without Sound/Music, here i can leave the Music/Sound on and still enjoy it.Please more of it and maybe some Options to Change the Skin of the Ship so its more Fitting to the Actual Strength of the Boat you are using.I know a Corvette was not much bigger than a Sloop, but please the Offense Power has to fight to a Design :p Cant have the Strongest Attacker looking weak :p"
,Recommended,326410,16949972,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Gabriel Theodoulos,"Really fun game for the casual player.  Almost plays like an MMO, giving you the choice to either run quests, do trade runs, or fight pirates.Windward doesn't demand a lot of your time, and won't force a steep learning curve on you.Comes strongly recommended."
76561197997115656,Not Recommended,326410,17119651,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,deadken,"Combat is interesting for a while, but as a single player game it becomes boring after you get the largest ship."
76561198000856907,Recommended,326410,17178594,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Ingeloak,"its a lot of fun for mindless seek and destroy sea battles. if you have the inclination, the micro-management of the port trading can be interesting too. it takes a LOT of repetitive questing to upgrade the ports of an area of ocean (simulated by a line of squares on the larger world map. loot upgrades are insane to try and manage. like the Diablo loot system it's based on, Windward's loot generator is crazy. each part of a ship's equipment affects a number of the ship's stats, including some that make no sense at all (such as cannons that upgrade ship speed or maneuverability).  in my opinion, the developers need to overhaul the loot and make upgrades that make sense (Hull Plating for defense, Sails for speed and agility, Cannons for damage and range, etc.)i have to say that the customizability of the maps needs work too. if you try to just increase the size of your world, you end up with adjoining sea tiles that are vastly different in difficulty (6, 9 or more levels to progress to the next tile). guides say to adjust the difficulty for adjoining tiles to  within 3 levels. if your world is gigantic, this takes WAY too long. imagine changing the difficulty on 200 tiles of ocean. there should be a button that makes that 3-level scale automatic, or the game should have tile scales based on the slider difficulty of the game.fun game, but needs some polishing."
,Recommended,326410,29239102,Posted: 13 January,all,Demon.Knight,I love this game. It's simple and easy to learn what's what. I just wish more people would discover it. Lol. Buy it now!!!!
,Recommended,326410,33170387,Posted: 2 July,all,Tauni Tunked,"Calm music, work well in big picture and with controller. Gets repetitive fast though."
,Recommended,326410,33072211,Posted: 1 July,all,Christmas Treant,"Unexpectedly charming. It feels like your favourite 2008 flash game but with 3-4x the production and polish. There are still players online and they're very friendly! Definitely worth it if you don't mind getting lost and taking it slow sometimes. Has an impressive, serious endgame online."
76561198094938823,Recommended,326410,33307041,Posted: 6 July,all,Viktel The Sergal,So addicting. Must buy! I loose too much time to this game. Want....more.... ewe'
76561197989312981,Recommended,326410,33326872,Posted: 6 July,all,Nanni the unlucky,"Such a nice little game...the gameplay is simple: choose to be part of one of the proposed trading companies (each one has its own pros and cons, such as more attack power or more defence) or customize your own (colours, flag, statistics and motto); then struggle to gain control of all the randomly generated areas into the randomly generated world. There are pirates, there are other trading companies, there is multiplayer too.Tipically a new ""neutral"" area is controlled by pirates, and the ""game of control"" consists of getting to own all the cities. You start alone, but as soon as you conquer a city some allied ships start to spawn. Conquering a city needs time so there is a little strategy involved: will you intercept pirate ships and let your fellow ship conquer a strategic town, will you pack up wit your allies ad gank the enemy, or maybe will you explore alone, far from your town and allies in order to find the enemy city from which all the pirates respawn?Forts can be built on the shores in order to defend cities or strategic points, and doing this task well ensures victory.If you die you lose some of ypur resources and respawn in a near city (or at the border of the map if no city is controlled)... a bad move can result in all your team to be wiped, granting enough time to the enemy to reconquer a town or a fort...There is an experience system too, which allows you to unlock skills to use in combat.In all the areas where pirates have been wiped out you can trade and accept quests in order to acquire materials like wood to repair your ship and gold to buy upgrades (captains, crews, hull reinforcements, cannon balls, and so on) or to buy a new, more powerful ship. This is a grindy task, but it's so relaxing :)A very important factor that can influence even combat strategy is the wind: if you travel windward (yeah!) your speed is increased: so it can be very difficult to flee from pirates if the wind blows against you. Very nice mechanic indeed! it compels you to even change trading routes during ""peaceful times"" if you want your travel to take the shortest time possible. The sails react dynamically to the wind, but I would have liked to see them rolled up when sailing totally against the wind (I'm no expert, but the wind should push the ship backward...)The music is very nice, but unfortunately there are only a few tracks cycling...Overall I feel like recommending Windward, it's nice, relaxing and engeging too."
,Recommended,326410,32159858,Posted: 3 June,all,Fyrjefe,"A seafairing ARPG with some nods to Sid Meier's ""Pirates!"" There are countless hours of exploration and tactics. Best played with others, though you can can do much of it on your own. Definitely worth buying full price."
76561198135389958,Recommended,326410,32541921,Posted: 18 June,all,ishan.navendra,"I liked the game very much. It reminds me of the Civilization series but breaks from its conventions in that the game's actions are live and not turn based. However, one shortcoming is that it gets a bit dull after a while, as the point of the game is to capture maps from the opposing enemy. The process repeats itself over and over again, and you will need a break from it after a while before you get back to it."
76561198024845522,Recommended,326410,32669144,Posted: 23 June,all,Inviktys,This is a game I can see myself passively progressing in. What I mean by that is the world allows you to go at your own pace but still make meaningful growth from developing your ship to expanding your faction. Playing for 10 minutes or a few hours yields progress. I really enjoy this game
76561198213543476,Recommended,326410,32801827,Posted: 25 June,all,gandreev1990,Good way to blow off time with friends. Constant questing and growing of regions keeps game interesting.
76561198069564165,Recommended,326410,32791165,Posted: 25 June,all,Bones,A fun game that has it's best moments in multiplayer. I grabbed the four pack and gave away three copies to friends and we've been having a blast.
,Recommended,326410,24113682,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Ishvii,"I find this game relaxing and enjoyed doing trading runs between towns, starting new ones and chasing down pirates. After about 8-10 hours it starts getting repetitive, but it's a lovely little pirate game. It probably works better with multiple people, as I found trying to complete a solo combat instance alone was a bit impractical."
,Recommended,326410,32524353,Posted: 17 June,all,Alexander Almond Milk,"It's relaxing, and the combat is wonderful. Worth $10."
76561198038741922,Recommended,326410,29107349,Posted: 7 January,all,Terry Tuff Nuts,"This game is tons of fun! More than worth the price. If you liked Sid Meier's Pirates youre going to have a blast with this. I own a lot of games and I've never written a review, but Ive been hoping to find a new Pirates or Civ Colonization type game for a long time. This is more the Pirates end of that, but theres a lot more things to do in cities and with trade, and theres multiplayer on top of it all. If youre on the fense right now, you should buy this game. You wont be disapointed."
76561198083769473,Not Recommended,326410,28613003,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,kingaidan02,"Bland and uninteresting gameplay, even multiplayer makes you feel like jumping overboard"
76561198320976446,Recommended,326410,28890153,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,The 8th Guardian,"When i first started this games i felt like it had so little to do, but when i got in to the game a lot it felt there isa lot more to do.i really recommend this game it is so AMAZING"
,Recommended,326410,28836705,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Charles(SMobius),Shallow and flawed in placesit is very pretty and easy to get into at first. however it does get repetative and some of the interface regarding ship configuraton and inventoryare not obvious and you ahev to work out how they work yourself. In addition ther is a bug realted to re-naming towns which will cause all quests to failt to find the town onder it's new name.having said that if you havea  few hours to kill and don't want to think too hard teh game can be relaxing and fun. If you don't expect too much and get it on sale it is a worthwhile purchase
76561197965661354,Recommended,326410,28850238,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,GreatWhiteHunter,"This game could have been great.It is a more modern and polished version of Sid Mier's ""Pirates"". There is none of the crappy dancing and none of the getting too old to fight issues that plague ""Pirates"".However this game seems ponderously slow, and difficulty once you get a regeneration specialist is not difficult.The designer sees this game as a complete work -  I see it as about 50% complete.It's a pity."
76561198130005465,Recommended,326410,28965491,Posted: 2 January,all,grrravy,"I'm reviewing based on the single player game. I have not tried the multiplayer yet.The game is fairly simple, with strategy, action, and trading/commodity quests and storylines. There is no overall storyline, and you're free to get as involved as you please. Feel like laying low and growing your ports? Fine. Feel like going on a conquest and expanding your territory? Great.  Challenge level is set by the user at their leisure.This isn't an epic quest RPG with constantly changing characters and plot. This also has a price point under $5. What you get is a fun time-waster that you can play for hours or a few minutes. If you need complexity to keep your interest, try something else."
76561197993350410,Recommended,326410,29241148,Posted: 13 January,all,MrHambanana,10/10
76561197997175499,Recommended,326410,15913142,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,coda,"You can't really predict a cult classic, but this game has that invisible something we all look for."
76561198007977875,Recommended,326410,31832027,Posted: 18 May,all,Genesis,A great game and very under rated.
76561198117504979,Recommended,326410,33144568,Posted: 2 July,all,OmegaDar,"The visuals are bright and pleasing. There is a moderate challange at the beginning, but after accumulating more cargo and money the game becomes a relaxing and easy going game (not that its a bad thing, it depends on what you like). You take your ship with you and you can jump in or out of different locations to trade good and or kill player or pirates."
,Recommended,326410,33659246,Posted: 19 July,all,Matze,"Great naval combat that is extremely fun to play in a relaxing environment with good controls. Not much else in fact, but this is the focus of the game and perfected to some level. You will never build towers as the only thing that happens is pirates capturing it. Trading and non-combat missions are also a bit tedious. There isn't too much long term motivation and it gets weird at higher levels with flying ships."
,Recommended,326410,33683485,Posted: 20 July,all,adsy2008,"There are many cheap games I buy, this is one of them. However, its not bad, 5 minutes turns into 3 hours. Suddenly I'm at the point where I won't get up for work the following day...Windward.. Ok so its an MMO without the first M unless you know alot of people or fancy playing with people you don't know. Basically, think WoW with boats and the dungeons don't have to be travelled to.To criticise, I would like to see more ship variants and a more predictable method of gaining high end loot as well as a bit more description boldness. For example, instead of saying you have these 5 stats that affect your shooting, put it in one box without the rollover. Currently, to find out info, you hover over your ships stats in the inventory and it tells you more. This is great to minimize display overload but I want to be able to see summaries of info faster.To promote, Buy a pack, not just a single game, play together and don't overlevel up beyond your mates. Even 6 levels is difficult to play well with in the early stages. I do no regret buying this game. I find about 4 games a year worth playing for under £2 (bought in the sale).Buy if you like:Boats,Relaxing gameplay,shooting a bunch of pirates,finding loot,trading,playing with your mates,expanding and taking territoryDont buy if you don't like the above."
76561198103188739,Recommended,326410,33758208,Posted: 23 July,all,║²¿»♥TerraRia♥«?³║,"Conquer a region, change yourself to pirate and conquer it again, change to your faction and repeat!"
,Recommended,326410,33862572,Posted: 28 July,all,Gen. Scorchy,"Great time passer, battles are great and can sometimes leave you on the edge of your seat hoping you'll get out of it alive."
,Not Recommended,326410,34154647,Posted: 10 August,all,imaMedievalman,It was fun for a little while but got boring quick.
76561198390229798,Recommended,326410,34870008,Posted: 10 September,all,JBNL1972,"OK so maybe this isn't the most exciting or attention grabbing title ... but it's good fun for a lost half hour or if you want to wind down from something seriously exciting ... the world looks pretty good, the ship models are crisp, the game mechanics are all well defined ... it's a blast as a relaxing game!!"
76561198038875366,Recommended,326410,35231546,Posted: 26 September,all,Dyna1One,"Great game, simple and quite relaxing.Only problem is that it's more fun with other people and the servers are nearly dead nowadays. Hopefully they'll release it for free or just simply put it on a good sale to boost up the playerbase. Such a shame to see it not get the attention it deserves."
