user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198006935225,Not Recommended,326670,13883111,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Hulbur,"What can i say - in game purchases of additional characters in a PC game, priced and marketed as a full game, through steam. I guess the days of PC gaming is well and truly over - shame on you WHQ and shame on you Steam for allowing this BS.When i download a ""free-to-play"" game, i expect to get scammed with low graphics and ingame purchases. When i buy a game via Steam, I expect to be rid of that."
,Not Recommended,326670,13884316,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Didius,This game is designed and made for an ipad. Its graphics and controls are for an ipad. You use your mouse like a finger to a touchpad and have no way to do anything using your keyboard. I would like to move the camera with wsad or arrow keys. It is highly annoying that there is no keyboard controls.I like to zoom out and play it that way but every turn the enemy resets the camera to super zoomed in on it. This is extremely annoying.  Also you should have an option to fast forward through enemy animation always but need to click it every turn.There is no multiplayer but warhammer quest is a game you want to play with friends.There are microtransactions. What?!There is no replay value. The game has a crafted story line. What? Is this Warhammer Quest?You have to do an extra click every time you want to end turn because they hide it just incase your finger hits it...wait were on a computer.
,Not Recommended,326670,13882868,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Tarvitz,"Just a preview but with game price it (game) has pretty lot of microtransactions inside of game and its amount (of microtransactions) could growth futher.No information about in-game microtransactions you will see in steam store preview.Should be f2p,avoidit unless you know what you're doing.--156 of 184 people agreed with me. I've played for a while (reached 6-4-4-3 levels on my warhammer team) so I can say a little bit more.- Environment is fully `inspired` by tablet development and it's painful for PC/mouse gaming, very painful. UX/UI you're drunk go home.- Controversial exp gain system. Whole exp would be gathered by person who did killing blow (finished) on the opponent, not for most valueable character who did lots of damage.- Micro... you get it- Lot's of misses, lot's of them. I can't even say if dice system is working or if it's broken.- User unfriendly (suddenly) and slow in routing tasks like moving chars between comabts- You won't avoid grind in any ways you play: monsters, items, etc.I honestly don't understand why I still playing it, may be for its universe title I love it for, but usually if this game don't have warhammer prefix I would not play it even if someone gives me money for.May be my opinion will change a little bit later when I can finish this, but it's merely possible, still have lots of unfinished AAA titles (~20) to play such a rubbish projects like this first."
76561198015691099,Not Recommended,326670,13883136,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,lars.hessellund,Lots of microtransactions and ingame shop. I should really start to research games better before i buy.
76561197984882220,Not Recommended,326670,17380594,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,DvsMrZeRo,"bought the game for $15 get in to the game finds out its $25-$30 to buy the rest of the game, the other 90% of it!"
,Not Recommended,326670,13885471,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Stainless,"Warhammer Quest is a very fun game. It's not the prettiest, nor does it do much that the boardgame doesn't; so it leaves me wondering why this port costs more than the original mobile app while retaining the unfortunately high number of in-app purchases. More than half of the characters are behind a pay wall, with additional enemys and tile sets as well.I want to be able to recommend this game, but I cannot. A mobile port at nearly triple the price with in-app purchases does not deserve anyone's time or money, even if the game itself is subjectively 'fun'."
76561198051212542,Not Recommended,326670,13885562,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,gunslinger.mc,"Could have been a decent Steam game. Has (well, some) depth to tactical combat, is somewhat fun. Ended up being a poor mobile port, where every feature from store inventories to loot drops to random events silently points at monetization. Guess noone really bothered to think about the actual players. Don't bother with this game at least until it's way down in the discount bin."
76561198070222518,Not Recommended,326670,13915151,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,khbuciuhil,"***THE TRUTH ABOUT MICROTRANSACTIONS AND THIS GAME:***A lot of discussion about the ""pay to play"" microtransactions. Developers say they are ""completely optional."" This is halfway a lie.The truth is that around level 4-5 you get to a point where you must buy additional gold for this game or else you will be stuck in a grind where you are raiding dungeons WITHOUT gaining experience. ""How is this possible?"" you say. Well, you must pay gold to level your heroes. If you don't pay to level them up, any XP they gain is *lost* until you do(!).In my game, I did not buy a single item, but saved all gold so that I would not have to be stuck in the rut. But I was still stuck by a long shot (looking at 15-20 dungions to grind through without gaining XP if I don't break out the credit card and pay to play).***FAQ***-Q: Is what you say also true of the deluxe edition?-A: Yes. Even at 25€ the game is still rigged to get you to use the credit card if you don't want to waste all XP on ~30% of the levels you play (after reaching level 4-5).-Q: Why do I need to pay to level up? Don't heroes in fantasy games level up once you have *earned* the experience?-A: Yes, it is deliberately desinged this way as a way to get the player to fork over more money.-Q: Is it true that even the deluxe edition, has no PC-support?-A: Yes, it's a blind mobile port. Keyboard doesn't work at all. Forget about WASD and arrow keys, let alone hotkeys."
76561198085216962,Not Recommended,326670,13890251,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,stolasjc,"I have to say overall I'm not so much upset as I am disappointed in this game. I love the game play, the dungeons the battles  all are fun and enjoyable but...Well The controls are all moused based no hotkeys and clicking the end turn button a dozen times as you walk down a hallway gets tedious. The tutorial is woefully short and doesn't explain deeper game concepts leaving ou a bit confused.And the elephant in the room the MT's. Well I don't use them ever and I hope this game can be completed without them if not that would upset me. My problem came when I entered town after the first dungeon I had about 224 gold on me. I did not know what each of the town areas did so I visited them. Annnnnnd... Well after each area visit I had a random encounter that sapped gold from my coffers in the end I saw each area but purchased nothing and left town with only 4 gold as the game ""randomly"" took the rest in encounters.Do I enjoy the gameplay? Yes. Do I like the MT's? No. Would I could I recommend this game to someone else? No.But If you want to play it that is your choice if you need help making it here is aYouTube video of my experience.http://youtu.be/60okEuibbLEI'll be making more just because I do love the gameplay maybe the developer can choose to make the game better with all the loot they get."
76561198038132122,Not Recommended,326670,32653523,Posted: 22 June,all,ForestWolf,"Rating: mediocre (5/10)IntroductionWarhammer Quest is a tactical dungeon crawler RPG set in Warhammer world. Your party proceeds from one dungeon to next killing tons of trash enemies, finding loot and finishing some short quests. The description stating it is an addictive mix of role-playing and strategy is however fairly overexaggerated, look below why.Gameplay & Story: 4/10Sadly, there is no story in this game. There are two types of quest: ""story"" quests that are marked red and some random adventures marked as grey quests. Even though, the game tries to sell you red as ""story"", there is nothing really behind it. Red have simply few more sentences text attached to them, but do not have any impact on the game itself. Rarely, they have follow up quests, so after you finish one you get another red somewhat connected to the red you just finished. Still, they are just single quests, not connected to other red questlines, the world or anything else in that matter. You finish them - you move on, just the same as doing grey quests. The red quests are sold first as ""one time only"", but you can even reset them in the town, so basically you can farm them endlessly aswell.Between choosing which quest you want to finish, you spend 90% of the game in dungeons that look the same, feel the same and mostly have same enemies.Combat & Challenge : 3/10The combat in this game is not satisfying at all since it is heavy luck based. After getting my warriors to level 5, some level 1 critters were still taking me a lot of time to kill, simply because my party missed most of their hits. There is no RPG in matter of leveling up or gearing your warriors, since the stats are distributed automatically on a level up and the gear is always determined by rarity and stats, not much choice there. Most of the time you send your two melee warriors into a hallway they can hold while two other ranged warriors pew-pew from behind. Every single dungeon felt the say and only thing changing was who of the enemies you kill first. Sadly, there are also tons of random encounters in dungeon, that do not offer any challenge but just eat up your time progressing.Graphic & Interface : 6/10I liked both the graphic and the interface. The dungeons, even though looking a lot similar, had some nice details to it while the interface or the journal, town, inventory and other activities had some nice engravings that fit the style of the game. Sadly, the enemies were looking all the same, so it did not make any fun to further progress in the game to see something else, since both the dungeons and enemies stayed the same.Progress & Mini-Games : 5/10The progress in Warhammer Quest consisted of finishing the red quest in the town, moving to next and farming grey dungeons until you were strong enough to take on the next red. Simply put, it was grinding some cheap mass of dungeons, just to be able to finish another cheap dungeon that looked the same, felt the same but was supposed to be different since its a ""story quest"". There were no mini-games or other activities besides visiting the town to sell the loot and bashing enemies in dungeons, pretty dull.Audio & Immersion : 7/10The music was the most positive point about the game, I actually even let it ran in the background few times. The audio did fit the impact on enemies and the music was fitting different situations encountered (town, battling in dungeon, mystical random encounters).Side-NotesThis game is single player only.This game contains steam achievements.This game offers a lot of replayability, since the game is heavely random based, but feels dull repetative.SummaryI cannot recommend Warhammer Quest unless you are a huge fan of Warhammer universe and want to have played every single game on steam with its tag. Otherwise, if you enjoy farming and grinding up a party in repetative combat, you might enjoy the game. The rest of the players will most likely get bored after few hours and probably deinstall the game for its dull grinding sceme.I hope this review helps you making the decision if its worth buying this game. Rate and leave a comment if you enjoyed reading it.~ForestWolf"
,Not Recommended,326670,13902285,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Amplitude Problem,"Bad mobile port living off the Warhammer name. As an old table-top gamer, I was super-excited about this game and bought the pre-sale. Not a good strategy. The controls are not optimized for mouse/keyboard and the dungeon textures are extremely low resolution. If you zoom in at all, which you'll want to do (and the game does it automatically during the monsters' turn), it will look like 1995 and it kills the mood. The mechanics are clunky and most of the time I find myself wishing the game would just hurry up, despite the Fast Forward function during the monsters' turn. Too bad, because with a month's worth of work, this game could be good."
,Not Recommended,326670,13889177,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Fikle,"I am disappoint. I have a low play time, that wont change any time soon. All the other reviews are correct- This is an overpriced mobile port.I puchased this game because I consider the Warhammer name a reputable one. Unfortunately this incident is going to change that.Save yourself some money, there are much better games at a much cheaper price on Steam, go buy one of those."
76561197989610932,Not Recommended,326670,13888292,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,nitherean,"Do yourself a favor:  DONT BUY THIS GAME!This is a computerized version of the board game.  Buy the board game version, get some friends together with food.  You'll have infinitely more enjoyment than with this lame excuse for a game.  It makes the old 'Fire Warrior' seems more enjoyable.  And I never got Fire Warrior to work....You have four compaions that follow the archtypical 'adventuring party': Tank, Melee DPS, Range DPS, Mage.  Lets go from bad to good:Altathir (Range DPS):  The only good thing about this guy is his name.  In 100 range attacks, he hit just 9 times.  In melee (which isnt his speciality) it was 16 in 100 tries.  His abilities, if you call it that, dont help him in any way.  The only thing this guy knows how to do well at is die.  ALOT.....Frederich Arcanus (The Mage):  With a name like 'Arcanus' he has to be a mage, right?  Since 'Fred the Fighter' was taken, he got stuck being a mage.  He would be better at some other profession other than 'adventurer'.  This guy gets less magical abilities than a 1st level wizard in D&D/Pathfinder.  His melee sucks (being a non-fighter type); but does better at melee than magic any day of the week!  He can cast a spell once every millennium while your in a dungeon.  If your relying on him to do his job (like the lame elf above); your asking alot.....Oh and healing?  Yes, Games Workshop dice have a '1' on five sides and 'roll again' on the sixth side.  In all the times the mage....ACTUALLY....healed, I got a '6' once, and a '1' every other time (about 7-8 times).Gotrek Stonebrow (the Tank....sort of)Kayzk Shieldbreaker (Get a 2-Handed Sword ASAP):These two will carry your party through most of the encounters.  In fact, dupiclating both of them, and you could walk through the dungeons unopposed.  Which is probably why they added the useless / fragile mage or flimsy / cant-hit-targets-10-paces-away-Mr.-Master-Archer elf.  The dwarf and barbarian can nearly steamroll a room of monsters.The dungeons are pretty simply, the monsters are ok.  Would like a setting to have the monsters on 'fast foward' all the time.  And that when walking, to be giving unlimited walking when no monsters are present."
76561198030050751,Not Recommended,326670,13889405,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,BluApples,"Overly simplistic dungeon crawler, with much of the content inexcusibly held behind a microtransaction paywall. I would rather recommend something lie Torchlight or any of the indy roguelikes on steam. Stear clear of this rip off"
76561198025481992,Not Recommended,326670,13919542,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,c2,"concept is enjoyable and pretty true to the board, interface however is awful. this would be OK on android on the bus for $1.99 or something, however it is horribad on the pc. clicking infinitely to backtrack your party to the forks in the road is painful. sooo many clicks to do anything, even go ""back"" screen. haven't hit the brick wall for MTs yet, don't know if I will make it there without repetative strain injury."
76561197973489828,Not Recommended,326670,13913954,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,David,"I was excited to see Warhammer Quest coming to the PC, having enjoyed the original board game many times. Unfortunately I'm sorry to say I don't have much that is positive to say about this version.On the gameplay side:Short version: it does not do the original game justice, it's not quite the same, as other reviews say ""a simplification"", and some mechanics have been rename which is a bit alienating to existing Warhammer Quest fans.-The combat mechanics are OK (they have the deathblow mechanics in there), but for some reason your characters don't have an initiative order. Since it's a PC version of the board game it would also be nice to be able to see the dice (maybe even throw them by moving the mouse)!-The treasure, spells and equipment are not implemented in the same way as the board game, they are simplified a bit. Equipment is weird, you can only equip a certain number of items of a particular rarity that will be available during combat on each. I'm guessing they saw this as a balance thing... so they can kill you off more easily, or something.-Also where is character generation? You pick your party of four, from the four basic characters and any DLC characters you have bought, with random names you can rename (Feels a bit more like recruiting). I don't know if some of the DLC charactor are more intesting to ""recruit"" but things are missing like the Wizard getting to choose some random spells, at the moment you always get the same starting spells.-Levelling is also a bit different, feels slower to get gold than the original game, like they want you to use real money to buy their DLC gold...-Hot-seat or multi-play is missing complelty! At the moment I don't think the game is interesting enough to play with multiple people (without the lite character generation that the board game had it would be hard for a group of people to have much attachment to their characters).Comments on the user interface/engine:Short version: a lazy PC port.-No-vertical sync!!!  The game is running at over 1000FPS on my computer.... I really don't need to burn out my GPU playing a board game on my PC.-The interface is odd. So the game was first released for a touch screen interface, it seems like they have made zero effort to make it suitable for a PC. It took me ages to work out how to open my inventory. It's an RPG, whycan't I press 'I' for inventory.-The artwork is very mixed. Some parts are nice, the world map, and backgrounds, and there are a few nice animations, but there are lots of things that feel like they should be animated on the UI that are not. The 3D models in the dungeons are adequate (who managed to paint all their miniatures for the original board game anyway?).  I found the board sections are a bit poor (resolution wise) especially given some of the other bits of art in the GUI, and town.-The biggest disappointment for me in the artwork was the lack of art from the original game, I would have liked to see the classic treasure cards, and spell cards, and some of the classic boards sections.Summary:Not a re-make of the original board game (it's simplified), there is also an aspect that it feels a bit like they want to milk you for money on DLC or gold. It's a mobile phone game ported to a PC. If you have not played the original Warhammer Quest you might want this game on your phone."
,Not Recommended,326670,13896247,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Frozen Ray,"DO NOT BUY this. Avoid at all cost.It feels like it could be a decent game (with horrible controls, broken game texts and serious balance issues, but still playable), but only for the first hour or so. After that you'll suddenly discover that you can not buy any useful weapons for your characters at the store at all. It's much worse than in any grinding MMO I've ever seen - one single good sword or shield will require HOURS of grinding. Guess why? Because they expect you to buy in-game currency with real money.Micro-transactions are not optional here. Developer is lying. You can not ""play"" without them, because it's not a ""game"" anymore - it's a tedious tortue, where your main enemies are horrible controls and boring unskippable movement animations. Without good gear you are doomed to re-grind (I can't use term ""re-play"") the same dungeons over and over and over again, untill you'll farm enough... And then a random city event happens, and you see something like ""thief stole your money"". And you can't afford your weapon AGAIN.This is not a game. This is a failure that SHOULD lead to bankruptcy of developer, if there is any justice in this world."
,Not Recommended,326670,13909674,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,smn.chenier,"Extremely overpriced game that will only give you a few hours of gameplay if you do not buy all the DLCs. Not a bad little game, just not worth the money."
,Recommended,326670,18813105,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,dyle71,"Finished Warhammer Quest. Completely played on Linux via Steam.Warhammer Quest is the PC version of the famous Warhammer Quest Tabletop game. You have a party of up to four warriors including a warrior, a dwarf, an elf and a mage. You delve into dungeons of various sort to either kill a special mean boss enemy or grab a precious item from the very depth of the labyrinth. All these “quests” are embedded into cleansing three rural regions of the Warhammer universe realm of Goblins, Orcs and Skaven. On some quests you come along some Vampires and Undead which provide a some more challenging task since Vampire Lords are very powerful and while wielding some magic spells they can also deal a very serious amount of damage in melee. Between the dungeons you travel from village to village where you can sell your loot, buy new equipment and visit the training grounds to achieve new levels and therefore skills for your character. As such Warhammer Quest presents itself as a typical Hack & Slay Dungeon crawler viewed from atop when navigating your party through the dungeons.It is fun. It is entertaining.But huge epic quests are not found in this game. The dungeon runner part of the game is good looking and plays well. Tactics is seldom an obstacle: leave your mage and the archer (elf) behind and rush in with a berserk and the dwarf. Usually this is solves any problem. On higher levels micromanagement of potions and spell points (healing) of your staff is a bit demanding but this game is not a real hard problem to get around. Graphics and sound are nice done and appropriate.In a village the menu dealing with inventory and merchants goods could be solved a bit better. Buying and equip you fighters could have been done less awkward, though the way it is done may be better suitable for Tablets and/or XBox or Playstation. Not a real nuisance, but leaves you easily with an idea that it could be done slightly better than it has been done.The real fun stops, when you characters reached the level limit. And that’s quite too early in the game. After this the game gets highly repetitive. You get the best equipment fast, learned all spells and even the toughest opponent does not bear and really real threat to your party. So about 1/3 of the game you simply do the same over and over again.But as stated above: it still provides you with fun sweeping through a dungeon.I never played the original tabletop but I assume that this game strictly obeys to the rules found there and serves as a nice game for up to 4 players each one controlling his own character. This is different to a single PC player game. Here you lack the (unknown) decisions of your co-players but have full control. E.g. swapping one heal potion from one character to the next is not a matter of discussion and arguing among the players but rather a sole act within one, two mouse-clicks. Attacking the mean boss behind with the archer or the nearly dead minion in front of the archer so that the heavy berserk can right walk up to the dangerous mage nearby is not a group act, it’s one single player choice. So this is different environment and targeted audience to entertain. This is fun on a tabletop where social group interaction of the players contribute to the fun. On a single player PC game this is inherently lost.So, Warhammer Quest succeeds in bringing the original tabletop game to the PC and creates fun. Could it have been done better? Yes, of course. But only if you bend the core rules of the original and this would then render another game, not entitled to “Warhammer Quest”.Despite some claims I read elsewhere I never had a crash or some technical difficulties encountered. The game runs smoothly.Fun. With obvious missed potential.Final verdict: 6/10"
76561198020850774,Recommended,326670,13953343,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,melmothyarrum,"You want to buy the deluxe edition and it's this edition I'm reviewing.The game is very simple - same basic principles as space hulk - but imo with a little more diversity in unit type; so there is melee, range, caster, but then a whole plethora of special abilities for each of the 11 classes you can choose for your party. Special abiltiies unlock as you level up.Also, scrolls and potions add to this diversity.I went for the dwarf ironbreaker, marauder, wood-elf waywatcher and witch hunter. Witch hunter is ace for demolishing undead so he is a good choice when you do undead dungeons.Graphics are simple but cool, and overall a decent top-down representation of  a boardgame. Character animations could have been much better, but it's ok.The Music is great, very warhammer dark fantasy: orchestra style fantasy from haunted melodies and charging trumpets. It fits very well.Now a major criticism of this game is gold micro-transactions. However,I don't see ever having to buy gold btw, as i get enough gold from questing and selling drops for my needs. So yeah there is the buying gold mirco-transaction malarky and this is not cool, but so long as it is unecessary to actually buy gold then criticism of this feature remains moot for me. If that situation were to change then I would reassess this.My only real critcism is the lack of voice-acting. One of the coolest features of the warhammer universe is the over-the-top regional UK accents: Orcs being cockney hooligans; elves upper class English; dwarves Scottish working class; human warriors usually English northerners etc. So I really would have liked voice actors and thus the lack therein makes it a little less immersive.I would recommend this as a neat little game that you can dip into for 15-30 min sessions. For me it's reasonable value for money, but that is all relative to what one's budget is and what one considers a reasonable cost vs hours-of-enjoyment ratio. So, If the price seems steep for you then you know that at some point in the next year it will be on sale for 40%, 60% or 80% off, so just pick it up in a sale.I would like to see some meaty dlcs in the future and  voice acting added if that were feasible. That would keep me hooked."
76561197971547390,Not Recommended,326670,13898571,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Wonko,"Everyone is hating on the game for the micro transaction. They are ignorable.Everyone SHOULD be hating on this game for the sloppy production values. They can not be ignored.With clumsy and unintuitive controls, Warhammer Quest has transformed a classic board game into an exercise in frustration framed by a Full Sail drop-out's animations."
76561198093248691,Not Recommended,326670,17546431,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Kisstantari,A craptastic buggy money grab. Took a great game and turned it into crap while laughing and giving us the middle finger.
76561197970694332,Not Recommended,326670,33701730,Posted: 21 July,all,Storm,"The gameplay is rather average. Not really awful, but nothing to write home about. Small rooms, generic enemies, generic player classes. Click on enemies and they die. Not much strategy required - enter a room attack all enemies untile they die, enter another room.But what's really stupid is that they ask you to pay real money for ingame items after you've paid for the game. Not only that, but you can't use some of the loot because it's only usable by characters you have to pay for. I feel insulted as a customer. Refunded."
,Not Recommended,326670,13906615,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Caboose MJ,I was so excited for this game to finally come out on the PC having loved the boardgame back in 2005Howeverhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdRltML6vLA
76561198039384061,Not Recommended,326670,13893937,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,GuardianZealot,"It's a little buggy, but even overlooking the bugs...The inventory system makes little sense, the party members you are allowed are all premade and limited to less than a dozen.Board games are limited for many reasons, you had the chance to change things, but whatever.It gives the feel of something someone just threw together for some quick money."
76561198006295668,Recommended,326670,16912772,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,offwhiteknight,"First....yes, there are a lot of micro transactions to get the DLC which probably should have just been included with the base game. If that's a breaking point for you then stay away. Simple as that. If you can deal with that this is a hell of a lot of fun as a casual, time killer. It's strategy lite with some nice RPG elements. If you catch it on sale for 50% off it's a great buy.  Deluxe version is the only real option here.As a guy who loved the boardgame back in the 90's, it's a great trip down memory lane."
76561198008118692,Not Recommended,326670,13898983,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,thorley23,"First above and beyond I will say what this game should have promoted to begin with: BEWARE, HERE BE MICROTRANSACTIONS, also THIS IS A PORT OF AN IOS GAME. That said for those not fleeing in terror aready here is a more accurate review:At it's core Warhammer Quest is not a bad little game, it captures the spirit of the old board game pretty well, it looks pretty good for the atmosphere it's going for, and runs well without any signifigant bugs. For about $5 to $10 it would come with a strong recommendation for those looking for a simple Strategy-RPG fix.The problem is that the game is a money leech portal. Every character you buy will set you back additional real money in addition to the purchuse price. This is less of an issue for those who purchused the deluxe edition (like I did) which included all extra microtransaction content to date, but the game's greed doesn't stop there. This game also sells gold, gold is used in game for everything from training to buying gear for your party. The dungeons give gold out, but in very small amounts. What's more random events vampire your gold. One of the reasons I wrote this review so quickly was that I was sitting there after being irritated by the microtransactions thinking ""well maybe this isn't so bad"" and then while flipping through town menus I hit a random event telling me my character just got rooked by a con artist, and BAM there went a big pile of gold right down the tube, nothing I could do about it. ""lukily"" Chilled Mouse has included the option to buy more gold right next to the area where the gold is listed... all I need to do is pay them real money.Now in theory I suppose with the patience of a saint you could play this game and not have to buy gold from the devs, but from the way it seems the entire gimmick here is  the game being designed in such a way that it is a serious pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥without buying gold for money. The game even stealing your gold (seriously, this happened) when you earn it in game with nothing you can do about it.What's more it should be noted your paying $13 to $23 for a game on IOS with a single digit price tag that has simply been ported to PC. This inflated price being you paying for the right to pay them more money to play what is admittedly a pretty goot lite RPG/Strategy title.To be frank I wouldn't even begrudge them selling the characters or tile sets like they are as DLC assuming they were honest about it and listed it that way (DLC section in store page) but the gold system needs to go for this to get any recommendation from me.To be honest I'll probably play it a bit more to see how it develops and perhaps update this, but right now all I can say is that if you are remotely considering this stay far, far, away.Also I wanted to say that STEAM itself needs to be more attentitive to this kind of thing. It's one thing for MMOs with overheard to make money this way, as much as I dislike that (and begrudingly accept it) but with single player games this is ridiculous. One of the reasons why I stick to PC titles and ""real"" portable games (Vita, DS) is to get away from this garbage and I find it annoying to see these business practices sneaking onto steam. Charging for DLC is one thing (even if it's abused) but in game micro-transactions for a non-MMO? That's something STEAM shouldn't be supporting especially at this level."
76561198005930056,Not Recommended,326670,16945731,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Phoenix,"Gameplay is too slow, even with the fast forward enabled.  Too many actions required for movement (click on character to select them then double click on the location to move to).  Other heroes cost $$$ to acquire them.Look elsewhere for an enjoyable tactical game."
76561198122163777,Recommended,326670,33728739,Posted: 22 July,all,Opal Knight,"This is a nice atmospheric version of the old Warhammer Quest board games.Rather than taking just the spirit of the old board games and making a modern, turn-based video game, this plays and feels very much like the actual board games played out.  This means that the strategy of the game comes more from character choice, equipment, and tactics rather than making different character builds by leveling up stats and abilities.  The old board games had static level-ups for each character that could not be altered, the choice was who you took and leveled up, not how you leveled them.That is reflected in how this game plays out and, with the deluxe version, you have a fair cast of characters to select from.  Plus there is the ability to delete characters from your roster and have new ones take their place, but you have to level the character up at least one level to do so which can be a pain (because you are probably just deleting the character because he was too hard to level up in the first place).  Characters gain exp based off of how many kills they had in a dungeon run (with no exp gained if they died), so if a character has a low hit rate and can't kill enemies, they are prevented from leveling and improving their hit rate.But, these old board games were designed to make it hard for a party to finish the adventure.  These were co-op games (maybe playing against a GM), and what fun is a board game if you are going to win every time?  That difficulty is reflected in the game with frequent misses and large hordes of monsters that can quickly overwhelm your party.  This isn't poor video game design, but a mechanic imposed by the board game so that each adventure wasn't just a walk in the park.  As this game is recreating that board game experience, so too does it recreate the high chance of failure.Still, I wish they would have added a die roll for attacks and such (just a little die shaped icon with a number popping up would have sufficed) so that I know what my chances are for hitting enemies with each character.  Maybe they are underpowered for that enemy type, or maybe they just had bad luck.  Without some indication of the math that is going on, it makes it harder to choose targets and attack types with the different characters in my party.As far as the in-game purchases go (I'm always against those), I say only buy the deluxe version.  The content is priced way too high and should have been included with the base game.  And you should probably wait for a good sale on the deluxe version at that.All in all, the production of this game is quite nice with animations for the towns, beautiful artwork and music, and fluid dungeon battles.  Even the quests are presented with short story texts just as they had been in the board game versions.  If you are looking for an immersive game that has that old adventure board game feel, this is a nice ambiant recreation of that experience.  If, however, you are looking for a more straight forward, turn-based, strategy video game this may be a little too oldschool for your tastes."
76561198007712239,Not Recommended,326670,13917979,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Matimus91,"Swing and miss....youll be seeing this happen a good 85% of the time. In game perchases are for IOS games NOT for PC. If you are planning on buying a good board game, skip over the electronic version and buy the physical game, so much more fun and co-op."
,Recommended,326670,29684283,Posted: 3 February,all,Grim Madder,"Too many negative comments about a payment system that is no longer relevant. Ignore them.If you like tabletop games, adventures, and some roleplaying, then this is as traditional and enjoyable as anything you will get on Steam.It is not a deep tactical challenge, but a reasonably fast and enjoyable dungeon romp.Deluxe version is the way to go :)"
76561197974263345,Not Recommended,326670,13896815,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Demonchild,"Not a great port. Seems built for mobile or touch screen device. Not even any way to move the screen around with keys and a destinct lack of options. Not far into it yet so not a final verdict but i would say so far its not worth the price at all. Its more like a £3 game tops.And the in-app purchases of gold are a joke. This kind of practice should be banned. If you pay for a game that should be that, if the game is free then In-App purchases are an option. But to pay full price for  game then find the game is geared towards making you spend more money is just a con. Thankfully thi game s pretty badly coded and there are a number of ways to just give yourself gold."
,Recommended,326670,19497267,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Telparion,"It really is Warhammer Quest.But an adapted version, which plays out more like a completionist RPG than the original roguelike experience. Even if the game has good and bad points, it should be easy to make your decision on this title. Maybe this review will help.Right now it is technically a very good port, with free resolution and detailed characters, an easiness to control everything with the mouse, and does not actually feel like a port of a mobile game. I believe things have been fixed since release and it is now easy to recommend the gameYou play a campaign across three regions, but you play it at your own pace.You may head out for randomized side quests or the written quest package.You may modify your team to feature very varied setups of pistol, blade, axe and sorcery.There are random encounters and treasures, and a very interesting gameplay out there.Game duration is long.However, note that the best way to experience the game is with the full game pack, as you'll have pleasing options of character classes.Now to the problems within the game:The price model itself is a disadvantage to the game on Steam. You should pick the game on discount, so as to have the full deluxe pack at an affordable cost (got mine at 7E on Steam, instead of 40E+ for each separate content).Next, there is a problem with the direction they took with the game.Despite the freedom you have in the game and the random encounters, it feels more like a completionist RPG than a roguelike experience. In this, they destroyed half of the Warhammer Quest experience, as there is absolutely no longer any incentive to ""restart"" a given game and feel a different experience.This was a very bad decision, something we see very often these days so as to streamline the gameplay and open it for what they feel is ""a broader audience"". This was sooo bad and I condemn such moves with such a great licence.They brought out many heroes out there and restored the strategic part, and even put it out perfectly. This means that the other half of the Warhammer Quest experience is definitely there and even boosted from the port.The other problem now, is that encounters are not as random as in the original boardgame and from a restricted bestiary. This leads again to a streamlined experience, where your game just feels like the game of another player, which is  a stupid thing to begin with, and also feels more repetitive than it should. The game itself is much easier than the original Warhammer Quest, which I consider a bad thing too.Overall, I condemn such game design decisions.But I also really applaud the technical delivery of Warhammer Quest, which as a game of its own stands out as a good completionist solo RPG. It is also very interesting to experience various character classes.I recommend the game but advise to get it on discount for the full deluxe pack so as to avoid the price model problems."
,Recommended,326670,23739852,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,PigBlood,"This is a nice laptop game.  Sometimes I just don’t feel like sitting at the computer desk playing a game that demands a high end rig to play.  Sometimes I just wanna veg on the couch and play a game on my laptop.  This game fits that bill nicely.  Is it the best game out there?  No, but is great for putzing around in a nice little dungeon crawl and kill some things and get some loot.  Is it worth $30 for the game and deluxe content?  I say no.  However, if you can get the deluxe package for $10 or under it is well worth it."
76561198031786442,Not Recommended,326670,13987558,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Reverse Solipsist,"I played the board game ten years ago, and I find this fun. There are Microtransactions for gold in the Delux version, and though I haven't had trouble leveling so far, it takes up essentially everything I earn to keep pace with my XP growth. The only things I have been able to buy from markets are the odd cheap healing item. So, unless you buy extra gold, you have to choose between using the market functionality or leveling your characters.I'm also about to hit level 6 or 7 with all characters, and I clearly won't have the gold to level them all. To the payout pacing seems to drop below the XP in the late-game, even if you don't use the market. I suppose grinding could remedy this moderately easily, but I dislike games that force me to grind - ESPECIALLY when there are microtransactions that alleviate the problem.In summary, if not for the microtransactions, there would be better pacing, and if that pacing was better, I would recommend this game. There *are* microtransactions, though, and they affect the pacing, so I can't recommend it."
,Recommended,326670,22828158,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,gichi | not gimli.,"After four hours I have to say that I really enjoyed Warhammer Quest so far.I got the game with all the content for about 3 euros when it was on sale and it's totally worth that price but I wouldn't recommend buying it for the regularly price because that's ridiculously overpriced in my opinion.Things I like about Warhammer Quest:+ Good looking textures and light effects in the dungeons that really don't look that bad.+ Casual turn based combat system that isn't too complex.+ The soundtrack sounds good in my opinion.+ Sometimes you can decide if you want to do something and that has positive or negative effects.+ A lot of items with different rarities.+ Yes, it's a mobile game but I don't see any problems with playing it on the pc.What I don't like / what is missing:- A leveleditor would've really been amazing.- There aren't that many different animations  .- There isn't much difference between the various villages and cities.- It's singleplayer only. Coop or PvP could be a lot of fun.- Sometimes you're completely surrounded by enemies that just came out of nowhere after ending your previous turn.- There are no descriptions how likely it is to hit with a specific weapon and the whole combat happens automaticly.(Note: This is my first review ever on steam and english isn't my native language)"
76561198031441522,Recommended,326670,13938092,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,That Damn Cat,"Update: The microtransations are no longer apart of the game! Of course some people might still hate this game based on principle, others might not. So please do give this game a try if that was your hesitating factor.This is a good game for TBS fans and more so fans of the Warhammer world and lore. In the game you're basically a dungeon crawling party going on adventures from places to place getting loot and levels while having good ol' adventures.The game has three levels of difficulty and perma death on the hardcore mode.This game might be a big turn off for people who hate microtransactions. Warhammer Quest Deluxe is probably the recommended version, in my opinion, to avoid the microtransactions that actually matter. It gives you all the characters and tiles with enemy sets. Also I believe the Deluxe edition would cost less than buying all of those on their ownThe only other microtransaction is buying gold. Which is completely optional it is quite easy to get more than enough gold if you do some of the randomly generated adventures for treasure and such.There is a whole lot of RNG in this game, from leveling to encounters to loot drops and events. It is a bit sad since you don't get to see the dice rolls and the events seem to repeat a lot. If you can get past that, and are a big fan of turn-based games and/or warhammer it'll be a a lot of fun for you. Some of this might be a deal breaker for you or not. If the RNG and the microtransactions don't break it for you give it a try! You might have a good time.If you buy it though I'd say get the Deluxe Edition, also watch some of SplatterCatGames' LP of it, seeing it first hand will give you a better idea."
76561198072068082,Not Recommended,326670,13950997,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Firstbourne,"Having played the Warhammer Quest board game, I had high hopes for this game on the PC. Unfortunately, it gets boring quickly. Save your money for something else."
,Not Recommended,326670,17953395,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Miloš Obilić,"Its nothing like the original which is a huge disapointment.No random quests which takes away from the games core.No random quest outcomes (each quest had 6 different circumstances, One was always bad news because your characters could have a small chance of loosing a few to the mission which added to the difficulty)The rewards are predictable too which is lame.Barely much selection of items in this game.Pay to play was a disapointment and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ decision.Not adding community modding support was by far the worst decision these devs made.I bet some fans of the original could of made an exact replics.Oh and did i mention the whole stat systems in original warhammer are ignored?Like how ♥♥♥♥ed is that?No ?/6 multipliersNo anything in 6ths.Just another ♥♥♥♥ing weak♥♥♥♥♥warhammer game.Ignore this crap and give medieval two a go if your looking to fill the void beforevermintide and warhammer total war come out.Medieval two has a call of warhammer mod that really is beyond description.Amazing mod.... And free if you have medieval two. Unlike this game which was a rip off btw."
76561198006111912,Not Recommended,326670,13903639,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,jessters007,was hoping for a multiplayer version..that you could play with friends or stand alone..
,Not Recommended,326670,21114688,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,RaakMavet,"It really pains me not to recommend this game. It is absolutely fun especially if you are a Warhammer fan. It is nothing new, and certainly no masterpiece. But it is a great time killer, and it is always fun to kill skaven. The huge problem is that you have to practically buy the game twice. Once for the core package with only 4 heroes, 1 region and 1 enemy pack. Twice for the “additional” content, which actually makes the game worthwhile.I bought it on a steam special, so I am quite happy, but I would not recommend buying the game while it is not on special."
,Recommended,326670,32083573,Posted: 31 May,all,IR0N,"Man this brings back memories, it's a fairly faithful recreation of the TT board game of the same name so if thats your thing you won't be disapointed. I got the bundled version with all the DLC which is probably the best way to go about it but I'd suggest waiting for a 75% or more sale."
,Recommended,326670,13946866,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Darthvegeta800,"I already put in a lot of time in this game, far more than I expected.It is truly the old school Warhammer Quest experience.The game got a lot of bad flack for 'micro transactions' being present but this truly is hardly the case.Get the all in pack that has all the content once there is 25% or more discount and it'll be well worth the price.You can theoretically buy gold with real money but i've never needed too. Nor does the game artificially push you to do so.Is there some grinding in the game? A lot in fact just like the original game. It is first and foremost a sandbox game with tons of short and long randomly generated dungeons. The tile system, the random events (punishing or positive) and the combat are all in the tradition of the original game. And this to its credit. Given the many available classes the replayability value is high and the game is ideal for playing bursts in between activities.The graphics are somewhat lacking and the game could use a bit more pc enhancements but overall I am HIGHLY satisfied by the game.So don't let yourself be fooled by the trolls. Check out some let's plays (several!) of early AND mid-game content. And after that decide for yourself. This is the sort of game you'll love or hate.EDIT: As of now the purchaseable Gold has been removed by patch. Hence you either buy the game barebone or the delux version. Which if you wait for a discount is well worth it either way."
,Not Recommended,326670,13978159,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,zoul0813,"Not thrilled with the way this was ""ported"" to PC from mobile.  The graphics are underwhelming at higher resolutions, and the game seems to run slower on my MBP than it does on my iPhone 5.  I'm also experiencing a large number of graphical glitches when in towns, the screen goes full white, brown, beige, black, you name it.  I have to Alt-Q and restart the game to fix it.Maybe with an update or two, I'll have a different opinion.  I'd recommend the iOS version in a heartbeat, but can't recommend this to anyone."
,Not Recommended,326670,22521442,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,TooNu,"This is a real swine of a game. Some dungeons last far too long because of RNG behind the scenes that create ambush after monster ambush, it gets quite tiresome. Couple this with the abissmal hit-miss ratio that ensures you miss more and more...it's just tiresome.Currently there is not enough varied loot, not enough special loot, and not enough reward for the time required to slog through a dungeon."
76561198092625979,Recommended,326670,28876002,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,slatertex,"Please be aware: I never played the original board game, so this is a review based solely on gameplay of the video game itself. Also, I am only through about 18% of the deluxe verson (40% through the base), so I can't speak to the end-game.I found this title very enjoyable. As a lifelong roleplayer, I always enjoy discovering new titles, rules systems, and worlds to play in. However, many times, RPG's require a major time commitment to truly enjoy. It is rare to find a game you can jump right in and start out the action. This is one of those latter titles. You can play for 15 minutes at a stretch, or for hours on end. The rules are simple, so it can be picked up quickly. While the items seem to be just more powerful version of each other as you level up (extra damage, 1 or 2 powers), it is enjoyable seeing what new skills and powers your adventurers develop as they advance.PROSQuick, easy to earn gameplayWhile easy to learn, there is variety so you won't get bored quicklyMultiple difficulty levels to suit your style of playCONSNo multi-player or co-op; that would be awesome!Has a ""mobile"" feel to it (although this would be an awesome mobile game!)Would be great to have a GameMaster mode, so we could develop our own dungeons and campaignsFinal note: if you get a chance to purchase during a sale, I would highly recommend the deluxe version. The base is, well, the base version. It is nice being able to switch out party members for the new characters, which you would not be able to do with the base version. Also, the deluxe version adds 1.5 times the base world locations to the game, which greatly increase the longevity of the game. Puchasing the add-ons seperately would be very pricey."
,Recommended,326670,26489011,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,SpacemanSpoof,"They say you never forget your first love.  Warhammer Quest was my introduction to the wonderful world of tabletop RPGs, and, despite its flaws, I still look back fondly to those long afternoons spent hanging out with my buddies, eating pizza and murdering wave after wave of monsters.  So, when I saw that there was a PC version of it after all these years, I had to try it out.The game is not without its downsides.  They kept the worst mechanics from the original game, which was that the warriors had to ""buy"" their level-ups with GP, and whichever warrior landed the killing blow on a monster got all of its GP.  My group quickly house-ruled those away.  This version keeps the purchase of levels, but at least it has a collective purse for the party.  It still has the ""you kill it, you keep it"" mechanic though, now in the form of XP.  So you still have to carefully manage the battles to ensure that your wizards get some kills, to ensure that they can progress alongside your fighters.Some other thoughts:- This game is very obviously a mobile port, with little or no attention given to updating the UI for a PC.  Everything in the game is controlled by the left mouse button: click some things, double-click some other things, click-and-hold yet other things.  Would it be so hard to add, say ability hotkeys, or replace the click-and-hold with right-clicks?  At least they did add in scroll-wheel zooming.- The plot is paper-thin, and mainly just an excuse for the dungeon crawls.  But, that's not so different from the original game, if you played it straight from the source books and just rolled up the dungeons randomly.- Some people have complained about the game being grindy.  I didn't find it to be that much of a problem; by the time I reached the last quest, about 2/3 of my party had hit the level cap of 8, and the rest were level 7 with max XP and just needed the gold to level.  So yeah, I might have needed a little grinding to max out everyone, but not all that much.- In the mid- to late-game, the battles tend to be rather easy with the right strategy.  Just park your fighters in a doorway to create a bottleneck, with an archer and wizard behind for support.  Then laugh as your foes feed themselves to the grinder.  True to the original, though, get a few bad rolls and you can quickly find yourself swamped by two or three stacked random encounters.Overall, if you're feeling nostalgic and can catch it on a sale, I'd say go ahead and pick this up.  This game won't ever be remembered among the RPG legends like, say, Baldur's Gate or Diablo, but it's a good one to pull off the shelf from time to time when you're in the mood to just mow down a ton of monsters without putting in a lot of thought."
76561198005654410,Not Recommended,326670,21001765,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Wyvirn,"The game is OK, but I wouldn't recommend it for the price. You're paying for the basic game, but that's only four characters. The other six or so cost as much as the gaem does, and it feels like a bad money grab. Plus you can get the exact same experiance on the mobile platform for less."
76561197963134288,Recommended,326670,13948058,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,andyrew,"I love the original Warhammer Quest board game (and several of the additional characters etc.). This review is largely a comparison with that.I have been wanting a WQ PC game for over a decade now, and now it's finally here! Let's see how it stacks up with my hopes/expectations.The positives:* It looks and feels a lot like the original (board) game (which I love).* It has a good selection of characters, if you buy the deluxe version...* The random dungeons/events mean that you get the same ""I can't believe we survived"" feeling I used to get from the original game.The negatives:* You can only buy one of each item for each visit to a town (in the original you could buy at least D6 bandages, for example). Who stocks a single bandage?* Almost all the events seem to be negative, rather than the mix in the original, and non-combat events are few and far between. Travel events are almost non-existent.* You don't seem to get so much ""objective room"" (awesome) treasure at the end of a dungeon.* The special settlement locations are missing. As a result, the wizard can't change his spells or charge his staff, the dwarf can't get runes for his axe, and the elf can't buy arrows of sure flight.In summary:If you liked the original board game, you will probably like the feel of this, but long for some of the old mechanics.If you haven't played the orginal board game, you might find it irritating at times, but it's a decent enough game."
76561198003181303,Recommended,326670,24844982,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,[42] Primus Zod,"I really enjoy this game as a solitaire dungeon crawl.I definitely recommend getting the Warhammer Quest Deluxe version when it is on sale for at least 60% off.You have a party of adventurers who roam from town to town having encounters and finding quests that will reward you with experience and loot. The encounters occasionally give you an effect on a character that lasts for one dungeon. When you begin a dungeon (except the first one), you are able to choose between all of your available characters before starting (this is the way to use the other characters). When you are not in a dungeon, you can access your stash to assign gear to adventurers.I like the flavor of the encounters in the game world. My only regret is that there is no multiplayer format."
76561198042432989,Recommended,326670,33233203,Posted: 4 July,all,Ghostchant,"I brought a load of games in the steam sale, and I havent played half of them because I cant stop playing this. Fantastic fun and a little bit addictive."
76561198001268870,Recommended,326670,13962636,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,OgreBushi,"I've been a fan of the table-top board game Warhammer Quest for years.  While not a perfect translation, it definitely serves to scratch the itch i get to play Warhammer Quest without having to drag out my battered and well-loved copy of the game... and round up some players >.<Be forewarned: This game is highly random.  Monsters and Loot are randomly generated so some dungeons can be much more frustrating than others.Also the Ogre Irongut and the High Elf archmage suffer from a severe case of underwhelming preformance.A great game, but certainly worth waiting for it to go on sale.4 Stars out of 5."
76561197967080642,Recommended,326670,13938074,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,ÐƦ̵Ṩөɴɴƴ,"Great game for those familiar with the 90's boardgame or anyone familiar with the warhammer world, can get a little tedious at times but i don't think that'll bother true fans of the genre.to avoid spending too much money on this game i'd advise people to buy the deluxe version, it comes with all current DLC content included, personally i had a 10% discount and i think it was a fair price to pay for this game."
76561198007164263,Recommended,326670,13935762,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Y2KHippy,Its not much but a simple and addictive game.I was NOT impressed with the Real Money purchaseing of in game gold right from the get go. Or the fact that you need to purchase the delux edition for full content and heroe's.If you are an old Warhammer Quest table top then you will instantly recognise and enjoy this game. I am one of these and thay is why I an giving a positive review.
76561198048974498,Recommended,326670,14018105,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,rjmacready,"Whilst I've only played a relatively short way into this one, I think I can safely say that it's by far one of the best ""turn-based fantasy roleplay quest"" games you could hope to buy.  It's incredibly newbie-friendly - the minimalism of the tutorials not really mattering, provided you've played one or two similar games before, be they in the digital and/or paper and/or board-game realms - and while I can't comment on the controversy regarding the pay-for-gold scheme and its alleged ""necessity"", thus far I can't really see that I'm going to NEED to expend such extra funds, as long as I resist the urge to jump straight to the more challenging dungeons and just stick to the easy-peasy ones for now.In all honestly, I mostly lost interest in this kind of ""high fantasy"" stuff a long, long time ago (I'm in my early forties, and played the original Warhammer ROLEPLAYING game  - the one with dice 'n' paper - back in my late teens/early twenties!), but this brings back fond memories of murdering snotlings and orcs and what-not like it was only yesterday.  Ah, to be young and nerdy again...and sure, it might lack the STRATEGY of the otherwise quite similar Space Hulk (the first video game adaptation, not the unnecessarily convoluted Ascension, which I'm yet to make my peace with), but if it's a more casual, jump-in/jump-out turn-based game you're looking for, you can't go far wrong here.  Hell, I played for six hours straight the first night, and I don't do that with ANY games, ever.  Simple, fast-paced, addictive, and sure to give you a severe case of ""just-one-more-dungeon-before-bedtime"", even when it's already past five o'clock in the morning.Verdict: 9/10.(Oh, and PS...make sure you get the Deluxe edition, unless you really can't afford it...'cause I can only imagine that the variety inherent within the gameplay - hardly the game's strong point as it is - would be even more limited without it.)"
,Recommended,326670,22418286,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Wofengle,"ENGLISH / ESPAÑOL__________ENGLISHDo I recommend this game? Yes. Understanding this game is just a port from iOS and besides the micropayment system (typical in Android and iOS), the game is not bad at all.I must admit I played like half an hour or an hour before playing the game again and that's the difference between somebody who writes reviews after 1-2 hours of playing or somebody who writes them after actually playing the game. And after 30+ hours I can say I'll keep playing the game ;)If you like dungeon crawler games or commanding small group of heroes to victory and loot, or all of the above... or just 'Warhammer' you'll enjoy this one.It may not be the greatest game of all time but is definitively worthy.__________ESPAÑOL¿Recomiendo el juego? Sí. Entendiendo que el juego es simplemente un port de iOS y dejando de lado el sistema de micropagos (típico en iOS y Android), el juego no es nada malo.He de admitir que al principio tan sólo jugué una hora al juego y no me convenció, pero le di una segunda oportunidad y mereció la pena. Ahora, tras más de 30 horas jugadas puedo decir que seguiré jugándolo ;)Si te gusta ir de mazmorras comandando un pequeño grupo de héroes hacia la victoria o conseguir equipo, o todo lo anteriormente mencionado, o si simplemente eres fan de 'Warhammer', te gustará el juego.Puede no ser el mejor juego de la historia pero está bastante bien."
,Recommended,326670,23638319,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Angelethous,"A colorful and indepth RPG in the Warhammer fantasy setting - even makes mention of Nagash himself -the greatest of all Necromancers! Its Turn Based which so lets you think your strategies and tactics in your own timing. The map feature gives you an non-linear feel allowing you to choose your quests. The combat is fun and exciting. Character development improves it even more as you level up and gain new skills. It has an olde style flavor and the music is gentle and inspiring. The added quests, characters and items you can buy enhances the game greatly; though you can enjoy it regardless without those. Graphics are detailed and vibrant without heavy strain on your system requirments. I also feel this game has great potential and look forward to more expansions. I highly recommend this game and I hope it sounds and looks good to you and that you seriously think about getting it. If you want an RPG game that is easy to play and easy to learn then view this one and consider it. One other point: if you love dungeon crawls then its another reason to choose this game as its one of the best dungeon romps! Well done Games Workshop A+++"
,Recommended,326670,33798253,Posted: 25 July,all,Wolf K,"Do you like DnD style rpg's or board games?  Do you like turn based combat?  Do you have no friends?  Are you too lazy to set up a pen and paper rpg?  Do you hate GM's who want to make you suffer even if you roll 20?If you answered yes to any of these questions, this game is dope."
76561198036763912,Not Recommended,326670,19352539,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,whoisbatman,Seriously flawed game. Seriously flawed business model. Seriously flawed overall. 0/10
76561197976806268,Recommended,326670,13945420,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Ricochet,"good game, lotsa fun , nice time passer and a pretty good adaptation of the board game .."
76561198018810717,Recommended,326670,14045105,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,dietricht9890,"Great dungeon crawler if you like warhammer fantasy/D&D. dont spend money on gold though, breaks the game, I earned 30,000 gold in just a few days on adventure mode."
,Recommended,326670,16342203,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,RageSteel,"I was on the fence due to all the negative feedback but gave it a shot since it's on sale. Played about 3 quests and absoultely loving the game. It's Warhammer (which is awesome), relaxing, and has some really cool RPG moments.I bought the quest deluxe as I love choices. Game play is quite a bit of fun and challenging. I rarely leave reviews but this game deserves it due to all the negatively (primarily from DLC) - the base game so far is pretty deep, extras spice things up.If you're a warhammer fan, pick it up - you'll feel right at home!! If you're looking for a pretty fun and charming dungeon crawl/RPG experience (yes it does feel like you're playing a board game and RPG) then this is for you."
76561198050908047,Recommended,326670,23764508,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,eyeinmyhand,I use to have the box game in the mid-90s and loved it. I was very happy to find this game on steam. So far the game plays like the box game. I would love to see more DLC! If you enjoy dungeon crawls then this would be a good addition to your library and the deluxe package is $3.00 during the summer sale. Worth it IMO!
,Recommended,326670,24000922,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Hooloovoo,"This is a very addictive and replayable digitization of the classic board game. A word of advice -- don't bother getting just the base game and then the DLC piecemeal later on -- the game plays best with all the DLC and it is much cheaper to get it all at once, especially during sales. If it sounds like your cup of tea, jump on in -- there's lots of fun to be had here!"
76561198127090331,Recommended,326670,26248931,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Arcman,"I like this game alot, but I'd recommend buying the version for mobile devices."
76561198021953887,Not Recommended,326670,25974739,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,PeliasDeWizzzrd,"Unless you are a huge fun of the old board game, purchase this ONLY on HUGE discount, and then ONLY the complete enhanced version that includes all the characters. The gameplay is repeating and there is no multiplay other than 'hotseat'-style if ever a friend is at home (usually the fun with board games is the coop with friends).The heroes development and items-drops are not various enough to meintain my interest for long. With the same money I gave for this game, I could had purchased a couple of normal PC-RPGs with 100+ hours campain each...Additionally, one unbalanced game mechanic spoiled my game: Every turn there is a chance for a rundom mansters attack. The random monsters attack can happen during an ongoing battle, meaning that suddenly the game can become very hard . And this is OK...  But, Vampires have an ability of dissapearing one of your 4 heroes for 1 round (in almost all the encounters they were getting me -1 hero every turn)... AND if you kill them while your hero is vanished, he dies too (permadeath, vanishing all the equipment he carries too...) AND this is NOT highlighted at your screen the first time you encounter this ability (you should open the journal to find out). So, I actually KILLED the vampire the first time while my hero was vanised. Next encounter, during the combat, I had TWO random attacks by Vampire-undead hords... No balance, no hope for escape (Harcore), all my game progress till that moment dissapeared, since the game has no save system other than an outosave after every turn...So, I like this gameplay ONLY when I think of it as a casual no-story no-campain experience, being ready to accept re-building my  characters => not worhing more than 5 euros (including all DLCs)On the other hand, it is not a bad tabletop game. I would rate it as ""recommented"", but, the price is an autrageous exploit of the ""warhammer"" brandname. It worths the ""mostrly positive"" tag only at a 5euro for the complete package."
,Recommended,326670,23671238,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,medhathobo,"I got the deluxe edition for like 5 bucks. It's actually pretty fun and a good way to pass the time. If the deluxe edition goes for 10 bucks or under, I recommend buying it. I can't imagine the basic version of the game being any good since you can't take some of the coolest classes in Warhammer Fantasy with you."
76561197970815344,Not Recommended,326670,34582543,Posted: 29 August,all,Meatweasel,"I wanted to like this game but it has very few redeeming factors.For one the gameplay isn't clear. My characters miss all the time, and I've failed missions for reasons unknown.Dungeons and monsters don't scale well at all.Most of all, you only get a few characters/levels/monsters. You have to pay to unlock everything else and they never let you forget it.F@$k you GamesWankshop."
76561198282086488,Recommended,326670,33679848,Posted: 20 July,all,rinaldosalvadori,"The game is like heroquest, with no traps to be checked, no secret passages, more statistics for heroes and level up up to level 8. Also, there is no need to search for treasures; they are awarded after each end of combat. Also occasional encounter are available.It is not the ultimate GDR (it does not focus on the choice of the PG and the story), but it has a map and you can choose between some available quest. The dungeon are always different (I think they are procedurally generated).A good way to pass  your time, if you like fantasy.The combat is turn based; you have up 4 heroes in a single battle and you decide how to use their action.The battle can be unbalanced with too many monsters thrown at you or unexpected damage from the enemy attack (it can be annoying that the round you are surprised by new enemy you get no point to cast magic), but if you level up it gets more playable.The expansion allow to select the 4 heroes among 11, so its add the opportunity for some customization.The settings is linked to warhammer, so at some point creatures such as skaven make appearance.If you like fantasy and turn based game or you like hero quest it is a good choice.If you want to experience GDR at full legnth search something more complete; but if you search a filler, something to begin with or just like turn based strategy this may be a good purchase."
,Recommended,326670,33685783,Posted: 20 July,all,Shagie,"For a long time, I had the 'not interested' checkmark on this game.  I had it on my iPad - and its a reasonable game there.  Not great, but nice graphics and there for a dungeon crawl if you want it.  But $15 for the game on PC and another WTF price for the item pack to get the other characters?  Nope. Not interested.And today, the package is on sale for about what I'd expect to pay for a good game on the iPad.  And while it didn't show up for me in various screens, the Warhammer sale thats on now I cought a glimpse of it and said to myself ""well, $6 is an 'I can be interested price'"".  So, now its in my library.Now, first and foremost - this is a tablet (its a pain to play on the phone) game ported to desktop.  There's no getting around that.  Some of the interface options had to be changed around (there's the ""how do I get the inventory? On the tablet I rotate it..."").  If you are turned off by good phone games that have a direct port to desktop (but with an acceptable interface), its not the game for you.  If you do buy it, you're going to go ""ug, touch interface, don't recommend, give me a refund"".Getting past that, its a good dungeon crawl game.  With the extra content (buy it a steep discount sale), its a good game that you won't be looking at the ""$2.99 for a new character?!"" screen and delete it out of spite.  It brings me back to the days of Wizardy on the Apple ][+ - select a few characters, go into the dungeon, kill things, go back out.  Repeat.  Except with much, much better graphics and some light tactical gameplay.There's no question if this will show up on my laptop for play when I'm bored in a meeting or other presentation.Accept it for what it is - a port of a well done mobile dungeon crawl and you'll enjoy it.  Obsess over it being a port of a mobile game and it isn't the game for you.I'll certainly get my $2.99 or $5.99 out of it."
76561198036732945,Not Recommended,326670,14200919,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,BrotherArcadius,Being a huge Warhammer fan I can't help but say I'm disappointed in yet another GW licensed cash grab. The gameplay itself is decent but the overall pay to win setup makes the combat so challenging that it starts to make those rare $2.99 weapons and classes seem a must have with monsters constantly spawning (even while you are busy fighting a group of say 10 another 10 could spawn in the middle of the battle). But if you're into pay to win games this ones for you as it sure as hell isnt for me.
,Recommended,326670,13887109,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Sebathius,"Pros-Plays like the original Warhammer Quest board game, so some Banner Saga and Shadowrun players will enjoy this. Fun little game, I like the care put into the quest information and village and city graphics. The art and lighting is actually pretty good.Music is pretty nice, really adds to the feel of the game.Graphics were done pretty well, I hear its a direct port so thats nothing to rave about, but I will say I did enjoy the fact that when you purchase or find equipment in the world, your characters generally wear that gear, which adds a lot to the game.EDIT: Over time playing the game, I found that the game had a lot more content than I expected, so of course this is a great thing. A lot more enemies then in the original board game, which was also unexpected.Cons-EDIT: I'm certainly not a fan of micro transactions. That being said, when the game first came out the cost of characters and additional content was rather high. Apparently this has been a large complaint throughout the Steam community and as a result it seems that he prices have dropped for the extra materials. While I do think that the drop does show the developers are listening, I still believe that $3 a character is a little high. The additional content of Reikland and Averland for the Ork and Skaven set does add a lot to those purchases, though Im not sure if the price is right. I was lucky enough to have picked up the first set at $11 when it was on sale during early access.EDIT: The game reaches a cap point; every progression level for the characters of course goes up in training costs (as the original game did) but selling treasure does not give you enough to reasonably be able to maintain. You will get cash per kill and if you were to go back to the original dungeons you started with you can technically go through some pretty easy dungeons and get scraps that way, but its slow going to say the least. Values seemt o be silly to post since you dont maintain anywhere near that amount when trying to sell such an item. If you go on an adventure, for example, for some sword or what have you that has a value printed on it at 3500 coins (which is rare, even at 7th level), you will at most make around 1/4th that.  this slow down of cash inflow really pushes the gold purchasing micro transactions which I loathe.EDITED Summary:Initially when I reviewed this game I gave it an overall ""do not recommend"" based on the micro transactions alone and the prices of them. I have slowly changed my mind based on what Ive seen changed in the reduced cost of the microtransactions as compared to what you received, and how the developers have reacted to public opinion. I still dont like micro transactions and I still think the character prices should drop further, but based on what Ive paid versus the current content I have received for my money, I have to say Ive been swayed on this current product."
,Not Recommended,326670,20475014,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,the_rock0123,"Bought the deluxe version for £3.99 in the sale. Thought about getting a refund, but is it worth it for £3.99?The game is pretty boring after the first few hours of play, slow moves, lots of spawning monsters that come out from anywhere at any time.The graphics and style of play is as if it's made for mobile.Quite clunky UI, have to right click and then end turn every time, which is a little tedious.  Still not sure how to effectively use the different weapons and items.The towns are not that great to explore and you come across some odd encounters - e.g. a cart runs into you after helping out someone, so you lose one movement for the next dungeon.You have to 'earn' the tutorial journal in over 200 or so steps.I liked Hero Quest board game very much and played this a lot when I was younger, but this game is just boring in all honesty.  So yes, I'll probably get a refund, even for £3.99.  Better more engaging and exciting games are out there, so avoid this game.  It might be fun to try and achieve the achievements, but again, other games can offer the same and better gameplay.Not much good to recommend this in all honesty."
76561198025145875,Recommended,326670,13935020,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Mal,"even though its a simple port of the mobile/tablet game with microtransactions built in, ive overlooked this for the sheer enjoyment i get from old school dungeoneering. will happily lose hours to this."
76561198074616810,Recommended,326670,13955600,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,lordfeyii,"Love playing this. Reminds me of playing the board game a long time ago. Was hoping for a few things but they may get fixed like not seeing the dice rolls, and also not being able to upgrade to the deluxe."
76561198008771415,Recommended,326670,13958984,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,The Restless Kaiser,"This game has had quite a bit of bad press on here for being a phone/tablet game ported to PC.  This game is what it is, exactly that and no more.If you remember games like heroquest with fondness and are looking for a boardgame type experience on a PC then this is decent value.  There is an in-game shop for things you don't seem to need at all, but would certainly make the game a bit easier.  Paying for extra characters might provide some diversity of gameplay for those that want it, but again, you don;t have to pay a penny more to play the game.I like boardgames, and this is nice, simple, computer version of that.  Like I said, it is what it is3/5"
,Recommended,326670,24137412,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,SpinMachine,"i own both iOs version (have all but the IAP weapons, the necromancer mobs and the firemage) and the deluxe version here from steam. Used to play this alot on my iPhone 4s and 5c. But now i barely have time to play any game longer for more than an hour.I recommend this for casual players especially for gamers with a laptop with touch screen function since this game still has that handheld feel. 8/10"
,Recommended,326670,29337485,Posted: 18 January,all,Moni,"Great little game - not much variation, but enough to keep you occupied. Am enjoying revisiting the Warhammer world."
76561198058261184,Recommended,326670,23926228,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,BeardBear,"easy simple repetitive gameplay. a little strategic decisions, challenging by making smaller parties... an in-between-moments game."
76561198080833647,Recommended,326670,30088943,Posted: 21 February,all,Durgine,"Drawn in immediately, buy the entire pack, lots of game play and options.  When you level a character be ready to quit in order to get powers you want, which is annoying."
76561197971814867,Not Recommended,326670,26265060,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Chronist,"I would give this game a neutral review, but sadly the steam-thumbs go either up or down.I played the boardgame and so I tried very hard to love this game. If you know, what I mean, you might give this game a try. If you are looking for a strategic computergame that challenges your mind, please look for something different. Also there are some spoilers in this review.As I mentioned before, this is a port from a board game, and this is the very core of it. It all depends on (invisible) dice rolls. There is really nothing bad about these mechanics, but you would like to see the dice and understand why (or not) something turned out the way it does.To start this review, you should start to search for your inner self, find some peace and a cup of tea. Then seriously ask yourself: What kind of game developer in the whole world comes up with the idea of an easy mode, where your (just died) figures are raised from the dead at the end of the turn?The first time I saw this, I laughed hard and boldly started the permadeath mode (I like the idea). I tried a cautious attempt to get some practise and experience with the sidequests, before starting with the missions. Soon I figured out, that these random tasks scale with your warriors level and take a very strange turn. So careful playing makes no sense, except for raising your troops to start predefined missions.There are ""layouts"" of the single tasks, labelling them ""Critters"" (like rats and spiders) or ""Orks & Goblins"" which I expected to be the main opponents of the dungeon. Well, this is true for the last room. At least with level 4 characters, you start to encounter vampires, in EVERY dungeon. This makes it highly recommended, to have the witch hunter in your party.My different attempts to play this game (careful, selection of heroes) were soon obsolete. You have to play this game the way it is INTENDED to maximize your chance of survival. Period.Remember my question about the easy mode from above?Well, I tried with permadeath mode and got my whole lvl4-party wiped out by 2 skeleton archers, that added up to a hard but nearly won fight in a distance that needed 3 turns to even reach them. Well,♥♥♥♥♥♥happens I thought and started on medium difficulty to be able to resurrect a hero, if such a desaster happens again. Soon I realized: It COULD happen again and it very frequently does. Call me a coward, but now I play on easy, shrug the shoulders, if my first hero dies in the first encounter, a dwarf-toss away from the dungeon-entrance, don't mess up my valuable inventory with such crap like potions or bandages.After having some fun at lower levels I ask myself: whats the meaning of levelup at all? After it was enjoyable to cast a ""solar burst"" into a room full of spiders, it turns out after a few levels, that you now need 4 spells, that nasty orc now got three attacks and you read the word ""miss"" so often, you might doubt your gender.With each level, the odds are raised to a level, where it is no fun anymore and you end up watching your tin-soldiers NOT hitting each other. You WILL die a very whole lot. 15 times in one dungeon? Not a problem, sir. Go, try it!To at least get SOME value of it, you soon stick to easy-mode, getting angry, yelling at your monitor until you remember: Hey, you can't die. Bear with it.Worst is, that this could be a very fun game, without the endless reinforcements, the ""all-or-nothing""-attitude, some balancing of odds and gains and giving you some dice to at least show you a bad roll, if you feel betrayed again.There is a button to leave the dungeon, after you spend all potions and bandages giving you a challenge to even like to try a hard game, but you get not a single point of experience afterwards ... Seriously?Again. Fans of the boardgame might want to take a look. But people unfamilar to the warhammer-universe should avoid this game."
76561198045774472,Recommended,326670,34253613,Posted: 15 August,all,MaRkV,"I played Warhammer Quest as a board game and I would like to say that this sticks closely to the original.The graphics are good enough, they have avoided the temptation for whizzy kill cut scenes, and the music is atmospheric. The enemies are all the ones you would expect to find in the Warhammer world and can be a real challenge.On the negative side you can choose from a lot of players to make up your team. How is this a negative? Well you can choose them up to the start of the dungeon. I would rather just be able to choose them before going on a quest.One good thing is the ability to leave mid dungeon and save your game so you can dip in for a 10 minute play or a full on session if you want.I find it hard to change from my initial team; I have put a lot of love and care into them and want to see them grow. I like the fact that some of your potential team members are better than others for some dungeons, for example a witchfinder might be good for one quest whereas a dwarf might be better in another. Oh, hang on, a dwarf is good everywhere :-)Anyway, it is a good game with plenty to keep me coming back to play more. It should be on your list of games if you like D'n'D games or the Warhammer world. (One thing to note, it is not Warhammer 40K. Warhammer is so different from 40K :-)  )"
76561198121651355,Recommended,326670,25950131,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,No Retribution,"I spent many amazing hours of my childhood playing warhammer quest with my friends so I went into this wanting to like it.In a way I do. It sticks to the source material very well and has some interesting quests. That being said it can get a bit repetitive especially toward the later stages of the game. As i was coming to the end I was finding it to be a bit of a chore and was just willing it to be over. I dont think the characters felt different enough and some of them are just plain useless, having leveled them all up there are some characters that are better than others and from what I have found that is mostly the base characters with the exception of the bright wizard as he is awesome.Also there isnt enough variation in enemy types and  the random spawing can be at times totaly unfair there was stages in the game where I just got random enemies spawned on me continuoulsy which can be very difficult as it stops your magic users from getting winds of magic which makes them pretty useless and I use the grey and bright wizard so its a real handicap to my group. Loot drops are also mostly crap with the exeception of getting the hammer of sigmar.The real element this game is missing however that made the original quest so much fun is the ability to play with your friends. I think that is a real missed opportunity. Also the price is complete madness, just crazy town.If you love the warhammer universe like me and pick the deluxe version up in a sale like I did then yeah go for it. There will be some hours of enjoyment in it for you. If not dont bother."
,Not Recommended,326670,30219538,Posted: 27 February,all,Edomaden,"Warhammer QuestDeveloper - Rodeo GamesPublisher - Chilled MouseSteam2015Hey, how would everyone like to have an archer class that misses her mark fifteen times in a row? How about playing as a Warrior Priest whose prayers never get answered? OH, I know, let's try a big ol' brutish Ogre who has one attack and may actually hit its target zero times while in a dungeon.Or perhaps a marauder who misses more than he hits, unless you gave him a magic nut, at which point the ratio becomes an astounding 50/50, making him the best class just because he could hit almost half the time! Let's throw in a rabbit head item that may or may not do anything for your character and then have the developer be a total♥♥♥♥♥♥when asked about what it does!  That's a formula for success.Ughh. I loathe this game. This is the perfect case study of frustration, anger, and poor game design bundled into a tablet game gone Steam.  I don't even know if I have anything nice to say about this game and some family member of mine would say, ""If you have nothing nice to say, then don't say anything at all..."" Now, anyone who sees my steam profile will notice the 126 hours spent in the game, so if I hated it so much, why did I spend more time playing this than anything else in recent memory? Well, that's the thing, I thoroughly despise the game mechanics, but there was some underlying natural force that compelled me. Perhaps it was the Warhammer name, or the steady and slow drip of achievements it fed me, but even after complaining time and again how broken the game is, I kept pushing forward.My other major hobby is board games and I own the old Heroes Quest, Advanced Heroes Quest, Warhammer Quest card game, and the new reprint of Warhammer Quest, the Silver Tower....I live such an exciting life....I know the underlying mechanics the tablet version was trying to emulate, but the developers did a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor job trying to capture that feel. I have never whiffed my attacks so much playing the board game version, and I wouldn't even bring it up if either archer just had one string of bad rolls, but this was nearly every dungeon. And that stupid ogre is worthless no matter what gear you give him. I never played the original version of the board game, but had I missed so consistently back then in my youth, I would have grown up a sports junkie and sworn off from my nerdy ways, that's how bad the Steam version is. I only persisted because I have a unnaturally high tolerance level for mundanity and repetitive mediocrity that I have been able to cultivate and hone over thirty years.If you have a masochistic streak as large as mine and you happen to make it to max level with your stable of worthless humans, you do eventually get gear that mitigates some of the missing your character will do, but once you get to that point in the game you have orcs to deal with that are covered with psychic Waagh! tattoos, causing you to miss almost as much! There are no winners here, only people who play the game long enough to resign to dismal fate.Yet, despite all I've said here, I am STILL disappointed that the developer never released the Wissenland expansion area. It's on the map, but you never go there. Dear God, what is wrong with me?!Oh, I can say one nice thing about that game! The Dwarf Trollslayer is amazing once you have whirlwind...just feed his strength and it almost makes everything bad, feel alright.Fantasy Flight makes better board games anyway."
76561197972445514,Recommended,326670,14062353,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Hellbishop,Fun retro tabletop style dungeon romp with plenty of gameplay. Colorful dungeons alive with combat against monstrous Ork Boyz and other gut wrenching horrors only the insane extremes of the world of Warhammer could make possible. The game mechanics may look simplistic but under the hood there is details galore to be had revealing itself as the player journeys onward for treasure and fame leveling their characters to powerful epic proportions.  It would have been nice to see stats and modifiers along with dice rolls during combat but for the experianced Warhammer Quest player things will look very familiar and easy to get into.Graphics have a lively old school feel to them with plenty of color and enjoyable detail in the world and the player characters. Music is a mix of bombastic and 1980s-70s b-movie action ala Conan and a Ralph Bakshi Lord Of The Rings soundtrack with a rich undertone flavor of 1990s pc rpgs such as Dragon Wars and Drakkhen. Sound effects get the point across and feel very satisfying during battle as combatants lay down the medieval smack down of swords and arrows singing upon the winds of fatal destinations. Pray tell the destination is not YOU.WARHAMMER QUEST! Buy it! Play it! Enjoy what is surely and truly an instant classic for ages to come!
76561198038896333,Recommended,326670,13965271,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,KingKoontz,"Do I like the game? Yes. Does it have its faults? Oh yes. Is it overpriced? Probably. But overall its a lot of fun. If you like developing characters and turn-based combat this is a good dungeon crawler. If you're thinking about buying it get the full package and get ready for many hours of ""Just one more dungeon..."""
76561197979353861,Recommended,326670,13902995,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Ghostlight,"Ignore the micro-transaction / IOS-port haters. This game is great for those who love turn-based combat (think XCom), especially great for those who love the Warhammer universe, and extra-specially great for anyone with fond memories of the excellent boardgame, of which this is a fairly faithful implementation. Anyone who does a little research will find that buying the Deluxe edition is the way to go, as this represents the best value for money - this is a lot cheaper than buying the same package on IOS (where micro-transactions are the only way forward).The graphics can be pumped up from the main menu though it appears many people would prefer to ♥♥♥♥♥ that it's a lazy port with crappy IOS graphics than actually go in and look for that option. Mouse-based control works perfectly, so again any complaint about that is equally petty. True there are no PC key mappings, but the game doesn't need them. At all.Just bear in mind it is a port of a dice-based boardgame, with all the pitfalls that come with RNG, and the slow pace of a boardgame, and you'll be fine.So then, a fun game whose depth slowly reveals itself as your party levels up and acquires new items and skills and items that give new skills. Frustrating at times, as you will wipe due to bad rolls, but there's a great sense of progression as you move from town to town tackling increasingly difficult dungeons with an increasingly potent party. I am really enjopying this.ADDENDUM: After playing considerably further after writing the above review, I am changing me review score. As your party becomes more potent and yourselves and the enemies get a lot more abilities to play with, the game really starts to shine. ESPECIALLY as a single player experience where interaction between heroes becomes more interesting and thought-provoking. This allows the game to show some tactical depth as you start to worry about carefully positioning your party and ordering your attacks to maximise very large Death Blows from your heavy-hitters that sweep away a LOT of enemies at once. In the end this offers more tactical depth than, say, late-game XCom, which was a pleasant surprise. Raising my score to 8.5 (from 7.5) accordingly."
76561198021962839,Recommended,326670,29056844,Posted: 6 January,all,rogueci5,I am enjoying my adventuring! If you like tabletop games then this is as close as it gets on PC!
76561198032659915,Recommended,326670,28691111,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Okke,"You do not get to see the dice being rolled, nor do you get the arguments about the rules. Short of that it feels just like the board game. A bit of nostalgia worth spending a few bucks and a few hours on.Just remember your buying the basics, any extra (additional hero's, monsters and content) must be bought seperately."
76561197985988739,Recommended,326670,23346566,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,marphos,A nice dungeon crawl type tactics game.
76561198002965816,Recommended,326670,33779766,Posted: 24 July,all,Josey Wales,"Warhammer Quest is essentially a table top board game for the PC heralding back to ""HeroQuest"" from 1990, with the added benefit of animation and pre-painted miniatures that change with the gear you equip.The story is text based, and forces you to use your imagination.  This is not a spoon fed first person blast'em up shooter that we have been inundated with.  This is a slow paced tactical turn based game, that can tickle your fancy if you are so inclined to immerse yourself in the deep brutal world of the Warhammer universe.I found myself leveling each and every character to see their strengths and weaknesses, to attempt to build the perfect party.Quests indicate your reward before you begin, which gives you the opportunity to choose them to best suit your party needs.Combat focuses on utilizing your parties strengths; positioning on the board, and managing each characters turn for maximum effectiveness.It's the perfect fit in a true gamers library; one you can take your time with and savor."
76561198007294191,Recommended,326670,28947479,Posted: 2 January,all,Fortesque,"This is a simple and fun game. The German translation is horrible, though. To all developers: Please don't feature a translated version of your game, unless it's handled by a professional translator, who is a native speaker."
76561198030678173,Not Recommended,326670,18822728,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Luciffrit,Game is rough and heavily dice dependent. These are some things which really need to be implimented before I could recommend this game.- wasd and/or direction camera controls- mouse over tooltips- on screen dice rolls- GET A PROOF READER TO FIX ALL THE DIALOGUE... WAS IT WRITTEN BY A SMALL CHILD?
76561198061148557,Not Recommended,326670,19222024,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,thomson7000,The additional content bumps this game up to about four times the advertised price. Just not worth it for what you get.
,Not Recommended,326670,20792168,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,themidnightjester,"Decided to give this a go when it was on special. I was immediately horrified at how much I was expected to spend to unlock different warriors. Not ten minutes into a game and it wants more money. This is a ""bad brothel"" of a game if ever there was one. 60 minutes will be my maximum playing time."
76561197970471367,Not Recommended,326670,21131985,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,MrWahd,"First off. Huge warhammer fan. Both fantasy and 40k. Have played table top and most of the video games for years.This game is great because it combines two of my favorite games, Warhammer and D&D. You go to a dungeon and explore, killing mosters and getting loot/gold. Its kinda like a dumbed down version of Balder's gate but with Warhammer character stats. Its a fun way to kill some time.you don't get to walk from place to place but you do get random encounters while 'fast travelling'. Could be you found bandits, get attacked, had to find shelter in a storm, rock slides you have ot avoid, or any number of other events. Event will also happen when you go to towns. Has that good ol' D&D feel for event setups.However it does have some bugs and major draw backs in a few areas.It tends to be repetitive in the sense that all you do is fast travel around and only control the heroes while in a dungeon. I sometimes enjoy this when I don't feel like doing the old Balder's gate exploring games.There are some minor glitchs in the game i noticed. Like sometimes your Mages spells/actions will reset his movement points.The random monster encounters while in a dungeon seems to random. A few times I have been engaged by new enemies 2 or 3 turns in a row. Ending up with 20+ monsters in the area. At that point you just die and restart in town losing all xp you earned in that dungeon, But you retain any loot you found. The last few dungeons I entered were suppose to be Orc/goblins but end up fighting zombies and vampires. End up getting jumped by 2-3 vampire dread knights(which are the most powerful monster I have come across) at one time.In the end the game can be alot of fun but can also be very aggrivating and requires ALOT of patients. I got it on sale for $2 and think its worth that but no more. Needs some major balance tweaks with the RNG for monster encounters."
76561198211513488,Recommended,326670,34252070,Posted: 15 August,all,LowLyfeGamer,The game is pretty fun in general but after a while the dungeons can become repetitive. Also the game can become a bit grindy. Overall a great game I really enjoyed. And there's always hard mode for those who need a challenge.
76561198092790178,Recommended,326670,34063992,Posted: 6 August,all,gloriacat_ru,"Well, game itself not so bad, but quite undeep.As it was suggested before - pls do not buy Deluxe edition :)Gameplay attraction based on piece by piece collection of good items and rare weapons. So if you will have it from beginning - no fun at all from this game.I ve reached max level (8) for my heroes for 24 hours of gameplay.Game itself quite repetitive and sometimes boring - only new items keeps some players interest.AI behaves ugly, so it's hard to call it strategy. anyway this game has some charm to play"
76561198293908997,Recommended,326670,28915513,Posted: 1 January,all,d_wanderer,"I bought this game on sale. I consider this a casual game. This is a faithful port of the boardgame that I recalled from my childhood days. I will be bias in opinion, but it was worth the the sale price.If you want a casual game this would be good. I gave it a recommend rating as it delivers what I had expected from this game.Pro* many heroes to play with* casual gameCon* no hotkeys* out-dated graphics* no multiplayer function"
,Recommended,326670,23014987,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Pugwis,"Not a bad game, but you need to buy the deluxe edition to get all the class and quest, otherwise there are only 4 class available and 2 of the 3 region,So wait for a sale and enjoy the full experience, cause the game is pretty good, but i doubt that the base edition is worth it."
76561197995356739,Recommended,326670,29027775,Posted: 4 January,all,Durame,Great game with old game mechanics
76561198125222458,Not Recommended,326670,14119961,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,wstewart,"although i am a fan of warhammer and warhammer 40k..... i am extremely dissappointed in this game.... for several reasons.... 1] seems greedy to make a person pay extra (after paying for the game) to open the different chatracter classes besides the 4 starting ones they give you....2] for the simplicity of the game, to charge extra for the extra missions seems insulting.... this game is not complex, no reason to pay such a hefty price for the extras that most games would include.... 3] i maxed my characters out (level 8) before finishing half the game....that  being said.... it is a simple but fun game.... i did enjoy it, but i will not finish it or spend more ( other than the xtra six bucks i spent to unlock 2 other characters) .  i cannot suggest others to buy this game.... seems over priced for the simplicity of the game and the amount of game content given at the base price...."
,Not Recommended,326670,15131311,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Sparrow Prince,Its a cheap trap would be worth no more than £3....IOS port with no better graphics and a rigid interface the only difference you don't have to pay for all the characters that in the grand scale of things make no difference. More about random damage rolls than skill.
76561198006501659,Recommended,326670,15403422,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Madwizz,"Are you looking for a Dungeon Crawl game with some great music? Do you like the world of Warhammer Fantasy created by Games Workshop? Do like games where the RNG determine the outcome of the game more then your own gaming skills? Do you wish to pay 27,99€ or 14,99€ and up to 36,33€ in DLC for an IOS ported game?If your answer is ""Yes"" to all this questions then this is the game for you. If your answer is ""Maybe"" add it to your Wishlist and get it when it is on sale. But if your answer is ""No"", Stay strong keep on looking ;)"
76561198217140255,Not Recommended,326670,21989666,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Jeremija,"Warhammer Quest is a non-linear 2D tactical RPG viewed from a bird's perspective,based on procedurally generated dungeons,poor lore,monotonous in the long,but potentially contagious for short and medium runs toys.Leading a four-member gang of mercenaries you wil going around the villages and towns.Action,tactics is performed quite well.Villages, towns and logistics with equipment, drinks and scrools make minor percentage of games-99% of the time in the game you will spend in a randomly created dungeon fighting with Orcs, Skaven, zombies, necromancers, vampires, spiders and other lethal menagerie.Each dungeon consists of a linear series of rooms with one or no branching and without exception, is considered to completed when you reach the last room and kill the named mobs, mini or maxi boss.Dynamics and tension further contributes randomly materialize mobs in rooms that are already clean, but the game will sometimes spawn in the middle of worship and the battle that is ongoing.Volatility that is both brilliant and irritating, is not it?Mildly irritating element it is IAP moments.The basic version of the game that costs 15 euros brings the four main heroes and three toy zone.Other heroes, as well as the dungeon tilesets with undead opponents, most legendary weapons and other optional packages are purchased with real money, without being able to earn a normal playing."
76561198051537212,Recommended,326670,25872479,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Buster Purmerend NL,Simpel and fun for players who played the boardgame. I play more for memories then for gameplay or storyline.
76561198179854709,Not Recommended,326670,25918017,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,yfarkash,"very repetitive and limited unless you're willing to pay more money.game progress is really slow, and strategy is very basic."
76561198043756163,Not Recommended,326670,29790271,Posted: 8 February,all,jomit427,"So I paid for this game a while ago right?  I remember seeing it in my games list, then I remembered how every character other than the 4 free ones cost an extra bucks.  Or more?  Enough to tick me off, I know that.The classic board game is fantastic (and really REALLY hard to find) and GW does classic GW garbage with it.If you're looking for the deadly rompin' stompin' good time of classic Warhammer Quest, don't bother here.  Very sad."
76561198006662970,Recommended,326670,13994328,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,stoofenwhaken,"Having played Warhammer Quest with a gaming group a number of years ago I jumped at the opportunity to take a look at this.  After some research, I purchased the deluxe version to have all characters and areas.  The extra weapons provided with this do make the beginning very easy and it does feel a little like cheating.The game is well put together and does allow me to relive my younger dungeon delving days.  Character mechanics are varied and interesting if some feel a little underwhelming compared to others.  In later levels room spawns can get a little overwhelming, but that's quest in a nutshell where survivng really was a good week.Some stuff I would like to see added is keyboard controls for the camera. As well as mechanics better described either through tool tips or in the journal. It would also be nice to be able to see dice rolls.  What would really make this game would be the addition of multiplayer dungeons.While it has been possible to buy gold with MTs (soon to be removed) it isn't really necessary, I've not had a problem with gold so far, though I am not able to buy all equipment I want....but where would be the fun in that.  For the standard addition it is also possible to buy characters through MTs (don't bother and just buy the deluxe version).  The developer should remove all MTs and just sell 3 packs on the steam store: Standard edition, Deluxe edition and an upgrade from standard to deluxe.To sum up, I have found this to be a thoroughly enjoyable game especialy if you have played the board game version.  there have been a number of mistakes made with its conversion and release on pc but nothing that has taken away from my enjoyment."
76561198066503333,Recommended,326670,14230493,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Tiraxa,"At the time of writing this review, it seems that the microtransactions are on the verge of being removed from the game follower user feedback.  I didn't find it at all necessary to buy gold in the game (and didn't), so I won't mention it in this review.  Note also  that I've only levelled my party up to level 3, so this is perhaps an 'incomplete' review, but I'm not certain that I'm going to make the effort to finish the game any time soon.  Anyway....They made a Warhammer Quest game.  Yay!  Due to Steam's binary recommendation system, I am recommending this game.  You can be reasured that this is not shovelware, however this game is not all it could be.  It is, of course, a port of a tablet game, and it does show, in that this is quite a bare-bones adaption of the original board game, and lacks much of the original's depth.THE GOOD* The art style is very similar to the original board game, and using 3D models on 2D backgrounds enhances this.  The writing also reminds me of the original board game.  This is a good adaption of the original in terms of look and feel.* The Game of Thrones-esque popup book intro scenes for the towns are quite delightful.* Giant Spiders are just as cute as the old plastic models were and make a squeaky-toy noise when attacking.  Awww.* Since it was designed as a tablet game, the game is very easy to dip in and out of on a casual basis.  It's a nice change of pace from some of the more heavyweight RPG titles.THE NOT-SO-GOOD* The game is very bare-bones, in some places it almost feels unfinished (for example Orcs make no sound when killed).* The selection of monster at low level is limited and becomes quite repetetive.  However my Level 3 party were occasionally encountering Vampires, which seems OP (in the original game, a minotaur was the usual 'big bad').* There are some odd design choices.  For example it is impossible to select your party composition to be anything other than the default until after the first mission.  Also I can name the party, but not the party members.* The characters feel unbalanced, with some seeming much more effective than others.  This was something of an issue in the original game, but shouldn't have been copied.#* When you are under a temporary status effect from a consumable or ability (like +1 strength) there is no on-screen information on what the effect does, just its name.* The shop in the settlements seems to stock items at random, and only one of each item.  This makes it difficult to stock up on healing provisions, for example.* The original game had a whole deck of distinct treasure items, most of which could by used by most characters.  However in this game the treasure is often specific to just one character.  I've even seen character starting items come up as treasure, which seems redundant.None of these things are game-breaking, but they give the impression of limited development and a lack of polish.  This has all the makings of a good game, and I'd love the developers to make a properly fleshed-out, fully-developed version of this game.  Failing that, there are a number of immediate ways the game could be optimised for PC use which would make gameplay smoother and less click-heavy, for example a permanently present ""end turn"" button and auto-scrolling when your mouse hits the screen edge.   Ultimately, this was designed as a casual game and you should keep that in mind when deciding whether or not to purchase."
76561197985978081,Recommended,326670,14354394,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,grimdon1868,"I rarely write reviews, but Warhammer quest has gotten beat down in the ratings due to the micro transactions available in the game.   While I agree that they never should have been there ( this is a PC game, not a phone / tablet version after all) and think the pricing is a bit off, I have to admit it is a great version of Warhammer Quest / Hero Quest.   Its great to have the tabletop experience again.  Give Chilled Mouse a break, and do yourself a favor and give Warhammer Quest a try.  Suport them and hopefully they'll dous fans right by releasing additional content ( of free would be a nice thanks)."
76561198005612197,Recommended,326670,14997657,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Dominosugar,"Read that they removed gold microtransactions, and bought the game that very moment. While the game may not have been balanced to force players to buy gold, when it's an option it seems sinister. Good for Rodeo for listening to the community.Also, it is a fun game. For those who want to scratch that dungeon crawling itch, this does it in small doses.What I would like to see:Input mapping for keyboardMultiplayer (Warhammer quest was designed for this after all)Please add an option to add the op dlc weapons to drop tables instead of starting with them."
76561197985490966,Recommended,326670,15113410,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,savath,Solid.  Not terrible.
76561198027879940,Not Recommended,326670,16410565,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,ghostrunners,"Whether it was the artstyle, topdown angle, or combat system - something about this game didn't invite me back. There just wasn't anything new to keep me here."
76561198030141117,Not Recommended,326670,17539952,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,TehStephen,"Please don't buy this game. This game is not fun or challenging. It looks bad, feels slow and is no fun whatsoever. I've played a decent amount of Warhammer and this doesn't come close to a tabletop Warhammer skirmish."
76561198007246147,Not Recommended,326670,18895735,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Lord Dorkamungus,"What a truly awful game, clunky mechanics, unhelpful tutorial and stale gameplay. Don't bother."
76561198130948719,Recommended,326670,20025199,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Gamboleer,"***Be sure to buy the Deluxe Pack so you have access to all character classes and zones.***Worked well in Windows 8.1 with an nVidia card.5/5 stars for doing what it was designed to do, be a board game conversion.It's simple, but polished, and scratches that itch for turn-based tactical gameplay with some character progression. The gameplay has you moving node to node on a large land map, unlocking cities by completing a dungeon between them, then completing the city by doing a city-specific quest inside another dungeon. There are three major zones, each with 9 cities, and one zone-completion dungeon to do per zone. You can move between the zones before finishing the zone dungeon; I did this to get some upgrades to make completing the first zone's dungeon easier.Don't expect deep story or complicated stats or skills. The multitude of mini-quests and items have nicely varied descriptions, and you're almost always chasing a specific upgrade or another; you generally know what artifact you're going to obtain before entering a dungeon. This adds a nice motivation towards a successful run.Healing is a bit tough in the lower levels. Most of your XP comes from killing blows on monsters, which left my healer (I chose the Grey Wizard class) short on experience for a while. Lots of resting to to able to cast spells again resulted in lots of wandering monster encounters, which was somewhat irritating until I learned to manage it better.I can see how it would be more fun played live as a board game, but now I'll be familiar with it should that time come."
76561198005864877,Not Recommended,326670,18777634,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,etheral_white_dragon,Not impressed at all got an elven archer that cant seem to hit the side of a barn  warriors that die so quickly to likes of rats and goblins that i thought they where holding their weapons from the pointy ends in other words save your money and look else where not a good game.
76561198019209539,Recommended,326670,20132744,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Pirate Santa (omnicrazzy),"I bought the game in the Winter sale. At 80% off it is very worth it. Yeah, it's not the deepest experience, and there are translation/language errors, and lots of 'micro'transactions that you can buy. I didn't buy any of them, and I'm having a fun time.The largest DLC (2 new regions and more enemies) seems to be free now. It came with my game. Others who complain about the DLC are... not irrelevant, there's still only 4 heroes to pick, but the 80% of the game experience is here, and you probably will only want to play the game once, so the extra heroes are only necesary if you beat the game and decide you just must do it again.The story and quests are basic, but compellingOverall: A fun diversion, well worth 3 dollars."
76561198017756202,Recommended,326670,19950753,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Scolymus,This a a great after work de-stresser.
76561198074305321,Recommended,326670,20341219,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,tehdoktur,"A generally positive gaming experience.It's a decent PC port of the old tabletop game and the more recent portable device version. If you get it, especially on sale*, you will probably get your money's worth of game time. Will you spend hundreds of hours on it? Maybe not... but will you get a few enjoyable hours out of it? Almost definitely, especially if you remember the beutiful simplicity of it's origins. This was the gateway game to many a Warhammer or DnD player in the day. That nostalgia factor alone is worth it when it's on sale if you've got any old school or respect for old school gaming in you.I DO recommend the Deluxe version, the extra classes and gear are worth it [especially the classes, Trollslayer, Archmage, the Ogre were all worth it, a friend of mine likes his Witchhunter and Bright Wizard].OVERALL: It's a solid 6.5 of 10, call it 7.5 if you're a Warhammer fan, 8+ if you were fan of the tabletop version.*Wait til it's at least $5 off if you can, (9.99 or less for standard, 24.99 or less for Deluxe.) It's one con to me is it came off as a tad overpriced. It is, thankfully however, on sale fairly often from what I've seen."
76561198136209636,Not Recommended,326670,20798304,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,mitchellrss232,The game is fun but not for 30.00 dollars. I got the game for 4.00 dollars any more I would felt ripped off.
,Recommended,326670,20837140,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Mazurek,"So many negative reviews about this game.  Yet, coming from someone who has played the actual tabletop game before Games Workshop completely abandoned it back in the mid 90's, the only true flaw I have encountered is the difference they have done for the mages.  Each time the wizard levels up in the tabletop game, he rolls a number of dice equal to the level in which he is attaining.  This result can be mixed and matched to learn spells at the appropriate spell cost.  In this game everything is a fixed deal, leading to no randomness...but also keeping the player from spending hours just thinking about what spell to give the wizard or even what skill happens to be rolled on the various ''D-6-6'' tables the manuals had.The board game had rules regarding the number of adventurers that were brought in, summarily increasing the size of encountered enemy groups, both random encounters on the ''Roll-a-one Phase'' as well as the room encounters, in comparison.  Such is not the case with this game, forcing the player into taking only four heroes to each dungeon.For the towns, it definitely could have been done better than they've done it in the game.  Instead of having to roll a ''D-6-6'' result for every character after the entire party has made their single daily visit to one shop or another, only the character that you happen to send off to a temple, shop, or training hall (The only real choices in the game) will make a roll.  Gone is the gambling hall where you can make or lose gold, gone is everything else that gave each visit to town a healthy risk.  I haven't even attempted to see, as of yet, whether the ''Catastrophic Events'' table is even taken into account if the party spends over 2 weeks in town.  A character's ''Living Expenses'' isn't even taken into account, for I never lost gold each time I left a shop.In the dungeons, they've kept to the standard four movement spaces for each turn except for those who have movement boosters equipped.  One change to the rules I definitely noticed is that the archer can do BOTH melee and ranged attacks in the same turn.  The board game rules restrict it to one or the other and only allow the archer to fire if they are not adjacent to an enemy, regardless of whether he is pinned or not.Two character classes I noticed missing right away are the Chaos Warrior and the Pit Fighter, which were the final two classes Games Workshop released before outright abandoning the game.  The Pit Fighter's flail was very deadly in its own right, for if you rolled a 1 to attack you ended up striking yourself instead of the target."
76561198006449985,Recommended,326670,20690069,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,rmiller_nub,"Weak Thumbs up,As others have said this assume you get the game on sale with all the downloadable content with it.  I did for $6.99 and this review is on that.  It a decent casual game but has some flaws.  There are still bugs in the game and the same problems you read about the APP still exist here.  The game was a blast up to 5th level and at that point it becomes a casual game.  Around 6 level you come to a horrid truth.  The game was design for you to do In-ap  purchase of gold.  At the 6+ level you need to grind gold to get you PC to level up (10K to level from 6 to 7, and 15K from 7 to 8).  You will have to grind as there is no ""purchase gold"" option on the PC game.  At that point it a casual game I play in the background when I doing something else.  Being a turn based game this works well.  So it is still a pleasant experience and I'm not angry I spent $6.99 the complete game."
76561198055256126,Recommended,326670,20776196,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,[STNB] Super Spud,"So, I bought this on a whim and decided to give it a go as I love Warhammer etc. I manged to play nearly 2 hours without even noticing lol. It's very engrossing when you get into it! You don't have to follow main missions, there are other dungeons to go to and hit things with swords or bolts of lightning. If you like D&D and love Warhammer, then I cannot recommend this enough :)"
,Recommended,326670,20503474,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Mark (OoieGooie),"Worth it? Maybe.Get it if you're ok with...- On sale and with as much DLC as possible.- Note it's not an AAA ""next gen"" game. It's a board game!- More of a casual gameAfter getting my characters to level 5 I have found the game is great as an 'every-now-and-again' game. I have it on my laptop and comes in handy when I'm travelling around a bit and bored.PRO- It's a board game. I like board games.- I like the art style. Clean and crisp (top down).- Fighting system seems to work well.- Gameplay can be tough.- Quests are fun to read (and short).- Great music.- Standard characters work well together.- Leveling up system seems to work well.- Single player. Yay!!! (personal tastes. Don't like multi).- Turn base game. Move\attack then AI move attack (like chess). I like!- Each town intro screen's are beutiful and clever.CONS-- DLC should be included! 4 standard characters in such a small game is rediculous.-- Spells: Total garbage.-- AI is a little stupid.- Game will get repeditive quickly for some people. Push yourself to new towns quickly.- Fighting sounds are a bit cruddy.- Selling items is slow. Auto sell could have been added (minor issue).- Very slow to get good (or new) items. Loot in the game is mostly junk early on.- Could use more content.- Some harder monster types are just different colours (issue for me).- Animations are too slow (minor issue)-- Game Can Be Slow --If you can play for hours and hours to finally get somewhere then the game should eventually get rewarding unfortunately by the time you get close to that you will most likely get bored as most gamers seem to have very short attention spans.-- DLC Spam --Classic game that split it's many parts into DLC where it should have included them. More characters and dungeons\monsters could have been added later. An annoying greed factor of the devs (or most likely Games Workshop!).Try to get as much DLC as you can as it will help your overall experience (more dungeons\monsters is best).-- Lack of Content --I'd like to see a wider range of dungeons early on further adding to the monster types you could face. I'm not willing to fight the same thing a million times to get there. Also the monster types can look the same but with different colours which sux but isn't too bad.-- Power Phase --Every round you roll a dice for your wizards spells. If you roll a 1 an event happens (90% of the time its monsters). After many, many, many rolls of a #1 on your power phase you can be flooded with enemys stopping you from progressing the dungeon. This doesn't happen often but when it does, it's constant. Mostly though it doesn't happen so I think theres a bug in there somewhere. Overall not a big deal and if you do get through it you will have a ton of XP and cash.- Overall -Overall the fighting system works pretty well. New loot helps your thirst for more but don't expect constant item upgrades.Fights can get tough giving you a sense of accomplishment if you survive.If you like dungeon crawling this could be a great addition to your game."
76561198012516242,Recommended,326670,19513503,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Bluefire,"Warhammer Quest is a great game for the right price. I would not reccomend buying this game at its listed price for what is contained it is not worth it.The gameplay itself is brought down to dungeon crawling with random layouts and quest's to accomplish certian goals within each dungeon. IT is a turn based tactics game that get very repitive as it was orginialy an iphone game. However with that said if you like shallow turn based tatics set within the warhammer world, this is a must buy, but I stress only buy it when it is on sale and only get the delux edition for it adds a plethra of new quests, heros and tilesets that the base game is not worth the purchase a lone.It is a very shallow game but it has a certian charm that will appeal to warhammer fans, and light tatics fan. But only buy the delux editon and only when its on sale."
76561198008005109,Recommended,326670,16327399,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Danny,"Its a fun game...But you will want to buy ALL the other characters, especially the Archmage and the Trollslayer. Still part from the microtransactions I will recommend this game"
76561198205276852,Recommended,326670,19542708,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Acroyear,"The negative reviews seem primarily focused on what the game is not. If you wanted hack 'n slash action and adventure, then you should have looked elsewhere.Indeed, Warhammer Quest is a computer game based on a board game, and a wonderful implementation it is! In fact, the computer version does all of the work behind the scenes that made the board game version fun but tedious after a while. Plus, there's music, sound FX, and some dismemberment...the latter a cringeworthy feat if such had happened to the miniatures of the board game.The game is tactical, and each character has a role to play if the team is to be victorious in the many quests. Are those quest varied? Well, much like the board game, they are numerous, but do tend to resemble one another after a while. Thus, a faithful rendition has been made! Kudos to the designers and developers! Huzzah!"
76561198350462152,Recommended,326670,28647889,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,de000346,Brings back memories of playing the original tabletop version
,Recommended,326670,19946700,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Royal_Tenenbaum,"I played it on mobile a few years ago, but did not get too far as I hate playing games on phones. This version is absolutley worth it...for older fans that grew up with Warhammer Quest.  The game has Skaven. Therefore, it is good."
76561197970909955,Recommended,326670,34355329,Posted: 19 August,all,Wehomir,"Okay it´s a bit repetitive, it´s somewhat grindy but hey it´s Warhammer! Warhammer!!! And when you can get this game on sale, it´s a no-brainer. Funny little game snack in between. Not more not less."
76561198063597854,Not Recommended,326670,13941920,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Kousuke,all of in game purchases
76561197997027487,Recommended,326670,13899212,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,islanddoc,"Buy the Deluxe and forget the micro transactions.  Warhammer Quest was a awesome boardgame  but is out of print, if you try to buy it now you are looking at $300 minimum for what you get.  This is a fun dungeon crawler with minatures.If you are a Boardgamer you will find this as a good deal.   Do I wish it was cheaper, YES,  Do I think its a good deal for your money and FUN - YES."
76561198040691447,Recommended,326670,14320792,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,T_G_Pete,"This computer version of the classic Games Workshop Boardgame brings back a lot of nostalgia for me, and I am enjoying it thoroughly."
,Recommended,326670,13936909,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,catknight1,"You will read alot of negative reviews about microtransactions in this game.  Bullcrap.  Pure bullcrap.Perhaps if you only get the 'basic' version you run into this problem:  I can see extra characters and tiles/monsters are available for money in game, but I was a fan of the boardgame and invested in the 'deluxe' version.  I've not been bothered for microtransactions, nor have I run into any paywalls.  I could BUY extra gold if I wanted...but there's absolutely zero need to.  Your characters are perfectly competitive without the extra help.Now the game:  Turn based, based on a boardgame.  You control four characters and run them through a dungeon.  As you level up you pick up special abilities to help, and there are plenty of magic or special items, but this loot and kill scheme is pretty much it.The four characters that come with the basic game are a marauder (barbarian/fighter type), dwarf ironguard (heavy fighter), elven...waywatcher? (bowman), and grey wizard.   This is a pretty good standard party composition.  All the deluxe pack adds here is more variety:  Ogre Irongut (massive damage fighter) or Archmage (another spellcaster) for example.The game play is somewhat linear:  You go through a quest to find and get to new cities, and each city has a quest or two to go through.  Off the top of my head each adventure/quest takes around 30 minutes, so this is a good game when you need to kill a little time.  You earn experience for killing monsters, and get gold to buy supplies at market.  Hint:  Anything to do with healing is vital.There are three levels of play:  Casual with easier combat - I suppose that's okay if you're new tot his genre or just experimenting.  Adventurer (I think...medium), and Hardcore.  In Hardcore you can permanently lose characters, whereas the others they're just knocked out for the adventure.  I prefer Hardcore for the sense of 'danger' it adds:   Just now, my party was TPKed.  In any other difficulty level, and most other games, I'd simply shrug and go back to my last save.  Now I have to keep going with new characters.  It changed my tactics towards the end as I realized I was going to lose, as now the objective became keeping one of my higher level characters alive long enough to escape.  (Damn zombies.)If you're looking for a rich RPG with sandbox gameplay and side quests...no, that's not this game.   If you're in the mood for a throwback to when adventurers plundered dungeons, risked life and limb, and came out only to do it again next adventure?   This game and you can do business.  Don't worry about all this crap about microtransactions:  They're not there unless you WANT them to be there."
76561198054526440,Recommended,326670,14002608,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,gdavid3583,"I would rather play a board game then a video game anyday.  With that said, I really have enjoyed my time playing this game so far. I also own Warhammer Quest the board game.  I don't have any real complaints with this port from tablet to PC.  I have read all the complaining on the price points.  Don't really let that affect me. I paid the $30.  Not going to be a cry baby about the price.  they removed the buy gold button.  Fine with me.  Don't need to buy gold anyway.  I can't believe all the complaints about one little button.Sorry to disapoint most of the posters here but I am enjoying the game.If you enjoy board games then I would reccomend this game."
,Recommended,326670,14000971,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Heretic379,"Decent port of the boardgame, if slightly simplified. Still a lot of fun to play!"
76561197970655362,Recommended,326670,14362915,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Spaz McSpaz,"I REALLY like this game and I hope they keep adding to it.I'm into boardgames IRL so that might help. It's not for everyone though.The game is a pretty good port of a boardgame from the 80's. What does that mean? RNG all day long.If you have fond memories of playing HeroQuest, Warhammer Quest or Talisman you might like this quite a bit.The only real negative for me is that the contols are not optimal for PC (being thats it's a port from a touch screen interface). Other than that, it's awesome."
,Not Recommended,326670,13972223,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,firewing2,"I'll purchase anything with Warhammer in the title... but sometimes you get burned, and this game is a good example.  Gameplay is dull and repetitive quickly, and considering the $15 price tag I was horrified at how much of the game content requires microtransactions to unlock.  You start with 4 characters available, and another 6-8 that require $3 EACH to unlock...  Aditional enemy packs?  Aditional charge...Basically a mediocre to decent cell phone game, poorly ported, increased 3x in price, and all the microtransaction annoyance left in."
76561198008554393,Recommended,326670,18785447,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Mindbender,"I came into this game never having played the original boardgame, and was pleasantly surprised. This is an interesting rpg/rts with a sort of Dungeons and Dragons feel to it in terms of quests, npcs, etc. However I would only recommend this game if you can get the deluxe edition cheap because the deluxe heroes and gear really do make a huge difference and add more variety to the gameplay."
76561197977211401,Not Recommended,326670,21436161,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,HerderButterFesterStranger,"Allow me to describe to you my experience with Warhammer quest.Start the game, notice that the controls are ♥♥♥♥ing horrible (almost non existant keyboard shortcuts, no keyboard camera controls, what the mouse buttons do is backwards and bizzare), the UI is terrible and the ""Journal"" supposed to be the ingame help/info source is garbage.Muddle my way through all that because the game looks interesting.Go through a couple of dungeons in the starting area, get the same loot from all of them, get my characters up to level 2/3.  Go into a dungeon that as far as is apparent no different to any other, run into an enemy with 5x the health of my toughest party member, who attacks 5 times per turn and leeches more health per attack than even my +3 strength ogre team member can do to him per hit.  Have the exact same enemy then spawn in behind me with a skeleton entourage.Have my team wiped, restart.Repeat that 4x, or as many times as you want to play warhammer quest...It's not very good."
76561198022352264,Recommended,326670,14956244,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Gharn,"I am enjoying my time in warhammer quest. I was a fan of the board game. I just want to warn people that the DLC to get all the extra characters and the skeletons is and extra $15 up front, but an extra $30 if you buy the normal game though in game purchases. I would say the game is worth $15 and even the $30 if you like the game with the additional characters for variety and replayability, but it's never worth $45.Game is an IOS portThankfully now goes to 1920*1080, but graphics are never greatFun game based on warhammer questNot actual warhammer quest and does not have all the fan favourite characters.Only has limited enemies, no chaos (beatman, warriors or daemons), no dark elves, no chaos dwarfs, no monsterous creatures (griffins, manticores, gaints etc) only goes to level 8Totally single player and all your warriors move at onceDespite being quite limited it's still fun and I hope the devs are working on more content .. and a buy all DLC for $10 in game purchaseOne for the fans5/10 average  .. would be higher if there were more content and less price gouging"
,Not Recommended,326670,26434957,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,bonerwizard,be ready to buy dlc
76561197971529043,Recommended,326670,20776928,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,simonhaldon,"£2.99. Cannot go wrong. At that price point, only a fool would not buy this game! It's fun."
76561198005512538,Not Recommended,326670,34041003,Posted: 5 August,all,TwitchyMofo,"Very repetitive gameplay. Every mission feels just like the one before it.Items are crazy expensive so in order to get better gear you need to be lucky and find it.Experience isn't shared among the party so you might find your wizard falling way behind since early on its hard to kill enemies with him.A pretty meh game, but was worth the 3 bucks I payed."
76561198024443102,Recommended,326670,24960482,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Valon,More fun than I would have thought.
,Not Recommended,326670,26731010,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Tiruvor,"Bad pacing, the last third becomes a meaningless chore at max. level.Works well on Debian"
76561198012079673,Recommended,326670,22641510,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Enterthegecko,This is a nice version of the board game. The extra xharacters and dungeons make this a great game to go to for  change of pace. Have it on the Ipad which makes it perfect for when I am out and about 3.5/5
76561198004535336,Recommended,326670,26914524,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rakka,"I'm pretty happy that they put this game on Steam. I was jealous of my friends that had it on their Apple devices.People complaining about DLC prices might have a point, but I bought it on sale and they were basically giving the game away for nothing. If you can get this game on sale it's definitely a bargain, assuming you like turn based dungeon crawlers."
76561197991800124,Recommended,326670,18899429,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Goblin King,Brought this game on sale been watching it for ages lots of mixed reviews so I waited. I really like this game it is the kind of dungeon crawler thats a no brainer you have your cup of tea in one hand and the mouse in the other so easy to get in to and loose a few hours. After you have played Skyrim and Vermintide this is your go to chill out game
76561198012545565,Recommended,326670,18672089,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,zastroph,"This is a cut down vwesion of the game, so a lot of the items you find are useless. This is not a bad thing as you can sell them.Play on easy mode and if your chars get killed they are just not available for that round. This makes the game fun for those that prefer an easier game to play. Such as me.The end turn button does not appear unless you unselect any char you may have selected. Doing this is relatively easy, simply click on any area of the game that your char can not move to.Initially, the wizard class seems to have trouble attacking things. Because, as a wizard you tend to try to protect it from being directly hit in melee. But remember that on easy mode, if it dies, you just losee it for that round. So, go for a more direct attack with it.Overall, an enjoyable game for the casual gamer, especially if you can get it on special or in a bundle!"
76561197966597014,Recommended,326670,19736120,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Beanie8,"How to enjoy this game:1: Get the Delux version for a fiver on a Steam sale (dont even consider the standard version)2: Buy a cheap windows tablet like the ASUS T100 and install it using Steam3: Sell the ""legendary weapons"" for nothing to get rid of them as they completely unballance the game4: Play it on touch screen like it was designed to be played.Its given me many happy hours this way. I'm fairly sure I wouln't have enjoyed it that much using a mouse and my desktop PC though, and the DLC issues would have really wound me up if I had not got everything at the begining."
76561198005377927,Recommended,326670,19073120,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,L°NE W°LF,A few issues like spelling and punctuation. Also I feel the game would have looked better with HD versions of the  original tile sets. But apart from that Im quite happy with the game. I purchased the Deluxe game.
,Recommended,326670,19925315,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,drone110266,lots of fun. gets kinda tired after a few hours
76561198065673789,Recommended,326670,20798130,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Rarelyfly,"games good enough, but it crashes my computer whenever i finish the intro quest, so i can't access the rest of the game. if your computer is beefier than mine though, you'll probably enjoy it"
,Recommended,326670,20867012,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Siege Darkaxe,This is a great game... very simple yet challenging. Very immersive in the Warhammer world... I picked it up for $5 on sale with all the DLC and I'm thrilled with it. Definitely worth buying.
76561198039623728,Recommended,326670,21247518,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Master-G,"I bought this game while it was on sale, and i say its definitely worth it (since it came together with the dlc's). I believe the game would not be that fun if you don't have the other characters such as the bright wizard. So if you are planning on buying this game, do so with buying the dlc in mind.As for gameplay, it's traditional turn based rpg, so yeah, it is a good one. Although there are times when attacking, whether melee or range, it keeps missing and that is frustrating.All in all, it's a casual game, so it's good for passing time, just like some other card games.Recommended for people who doesn't like heavy stories and gameplay. Thanks for reading. :)"
,Recommended,326670,20098543,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,MMOJunkie,"i noticed a lot of these reviews are dated, i played this many many moons ago when it was just a boardgame, as far as conversion to pc goes, it's not bad at all, not a lot i can complain about really,but i can't quite shake the feeling it's a clone of darkest dungeon,but a top down version,maybe you should buy that if you're not a warhammer fan"
76561198023745565,Recommended,326670,20821280,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,counterpunch2005,If you remember the Milton Bradley/Games Workshop venture entitled Hero Quest...or were lucky enough to play the Warhammer Quest version of the board game and have fond memories of it you will enjoy this version of Warhammer Quest.Dwarf Troll Slayer. Priest of Sigmar. Bright Wizard. Everything you love about the flavor of Warhammer can be found within the game. :D
76561197970996522,Recommended,326670,21398236,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,SithGecko,Fun way to play Warhammer Quest.
76561198081997868,Recommended,326670,34024127,Posted: 4 August,all,Gazz955,"This is a faithful recreation of a boardgame. everything is generated pretty much randomly. Visually the graphics are disappointing. But its addictive if youre willing to give this ""heroquest"" style dungeon fest a chance. purchase the complete version, ignore the free legendary weapons youre given and play the game as its meant to be played. It is challenging and fun the dice show no mercy. One more thing this game can be purchased on android for 3.99 which is a better option"
76561198032744031,Recommended,326670,27999442,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dorain Oakenshield,Have you ever played Warhammer Quest the Boardgame. Then you know this game is both similar but also different.The original classes are no more. But they made a great adaptation of this game.With several add-ons this game comes close to the boardgame. If only you could play this game in multiplayer - coop mode. then that would be awesome. But still soloplay is wonderful.
76561198040557124,Recommended,326670,13900849,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Lazero,"Nice game, but you should buy the Deluxe, kinda pricey, but worth it."
76561198030926305,Recommended,326670,13957918,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Bossonova911,"This game is dope....  However, they need to get rid of the microtransactions and put the dlc on steam in packages....  Gamers hate gettting nickel and dimed to death...  If you get the deluxe version you don't have to worry about it though as you get everything from the get go....  Peace out and have fun."
76561197996711176,Recommended,326670,13921933,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,OrangeClownfish,"There seems to be a lot of hate for this game already on the forums and I really can't see why.  It is exactly what it promised it would be, a recreation of the board game.  If you are looking for a grand, all-singing, all-dancing dungeon crawl with fantastic 3D graphics, smooth animations and glorious sound effects, then go elsewhere and stop complaining here.  The game isn't for you it seems.However, if you are looking for a game that recreates all the little details of the original game, then this is it.  Warriors surviving against hordes of death-leaping rats, webbing spiders, orcs, skaven, necromancers and vampires; then nearly dying in town because of a runaway cart, just like the original.  Hunting for treasure, power-1-rolling-random-monster-magnet wizards, that infuriating snotling that won't die as your trollslayer just refuses to hit it after killing the orc boss; it's all in here.The game runs in small little quests so it's good for a quick game whilst waiting to go out and just as good for a 2 hour time killing adventure.  There's no need to race through things and you can pick up just where you left off, play for 10 minutes and then leave it again.I'll come clean here, I could be accused of being a bit of a GW fan-boy, I bought the original box when it came out and then started collecting all the minatures I needed, even though they didn't fit into any of the armies I had.  I even worked for them for 7 years.  Does this make me biased, maybe, does the fact that all the games I have on Steam are GW based (except TW:Rome II) mean I'm inclined to enjoy the Warhammer worlds.  Yes it does.  Does this game bring about the same sense of futility that the Empire faces fighting against the countless hordes of chaos, not quite, but it certainly has the feel of belonging in that world.The gameplay is quite straight forward, like the original.  Everything is clear, click&hold for more information works for almost everything.  The only annoying thing I've found so far is that I can't find out how much gold my party has whilst in a dungeon, except for the brief tally that appears after every mob kill.I didn't even know this was available on iOS, but then I steer clear of Apple, so I can't comment about price comparisons and how good a port it is.  What I can say is that it only costs about £20 for the full deluxe version with all the DLC contained, so man-up and buy that instead of the standard version and whining about the extras.  As for the microtransactions nonsense, you don't need to buy gold, just go and quest, that's the point of the game.  And anyway, it's hardly pay-to-win in a solo game, no-one is twisting your arm to spend extra money and there's no leaderboards so it doesn't matter if you're not advancing as quick as Billynomates Wannabeuberateverything."
76561198051674121,Recommended,326670,13924803,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,shadynova,I am not very good at typing. I have to say i love this game and despite the critisims of others it is what it is delux edition quite cheap love the game thankyou for this not fancy pure tabletop gameplay no bells and whistles 9 out of 10.
76561197990565032,Recommended,326670,13964259,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Feldont,"OMG!  This is so much fun!  For those who complained about having to purchase other characters, buy the Deluxe package so you don't have to worry about it.I own the board game and I LOVE this version.  The quests are very awesome!  Get this one!"
76561197970527726,Recommended,326670,13927226,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Hamburgerhelper,"This is a blast.  If you don't like boardgames, don't get it.  You move your pieces, etc., nothing wrong with that.  I'd like an added ""group move"" feature but there are reasons they have to tweak a lot for a feature like that.  There's tons to discover, from treasures with many unique, powerful items to character abilities.  It's just a great dungeon explorer with low system requirements, yet beautiful look and play so it's accessible to many.  On top of it all, you have villages, story, etc.  Some random events can be very amusing."
76561197986495137,Recommended,326670,13926710,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Sam J,"Haters gonna Hate, and before anyone brings it up I did read the reviews, but properly so that I knew which vers to buy etc,. this pretty well follows the Original BG. so it's most definately not a Trad. hack n slash, even if you buy the Deluxe edition, as I did, you still have the ingame gold transactions but you get so much more than the base game it's not really needed to spend ""real"" cash to get on so please stop berateing the game's IOS roots just go play it on your I-pad/Phone and leaave us poverty sticken, deluded PC owners to do our thing (sarc.)  I will buy almost anything that has the GW (who's whole ethos is buy more figs for you GoC so I don't blame the digi guys for following it) seal of approval, Iie. Space Hulk, Talisman, DoW 1 and 2 with all addons, Mordheim etc. so I must admit to being slightly partisan with these comments but I have to say the digital versions of board/TT games have been getting much better recently, eg. I just bought The Witcher Digital and Physical BG for example and the gameplay is identical, apart from dice rolling, in bothSam"
76561198115758351,Recommended,326670,13974873,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Second Batch,"This game is good. Almsot all negative reviews are about the microtransactions. Just buy the deluxe and you get everything. I've paid $25 for complete games before, so I don't know why this one gets ragged on.Pros: good tactical rpg; feels like pen and paper but quick and easy interfacce; very warhamer feel in both tone and randomized screw overs; always saving so you can just close browser any time and jump back into your dungeon crawl.Cons: Could have made a few buttons for PC. ""end turn"" should always be on screen; references to ""your finger"" could have been cleaned up in the journal; smoother class progression would have been nice, as would a choice at each level up.It DOES NOT feel like a cheap phone app. It feels like a kind of simplistic PC game."
76561198063082945,Recommended,326670,13936792,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,bigneily,i really dont know way so many are ♥♥♥♥♥ing about this game its great just like the boardgame. if you buy the deluxe version you get all the current DLC only bad things i can say about it is that it isnt a online multi-player and you cant use the same type of classes in the same group (eg say 2 or more witch hunters) im just hoping they can add these and more classes at a later date
76561198006683054,Recommended,326670,14371366,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,s.matthijssen,"Awesome game.If you like 'board games' it's great!It's turn based, so you've got endless time for a turn.No complex first person stuff (bird view from above). Playable on a tablet!Levelling, gathering magic stuff.Games Workshop!!!Enjoy,Stefan"
76561198039089071,Recommended,326670,14092871,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Argjs,Old School Nostalgia 110%sadly no co-op / multiplayer  :(very enjoyable game if your into turned base games
76561198062376846,Recommended,326670,14469860,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,coreyonnet,"This game is a blast!  If you enjoyed Hero Quest or Advanced Hero Quest from the 80's and 90's, I don't know how you wouldn't love this.  I'm having more fun with Warhammer Quest then several other newly aquired and better reviewed games which are now collecting dust on the shelf, so to speak.  I've been waiting for a game like this to come out.  I give it 5 out of 5 stars."
76561198026938394,Recommended,326670,14421788,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Noone,"First off, I love warhammer quest the boardgame. It is the one boardgame that my kids and I can play together and enjoy. Is  this the same game? Not exactly, but it is fun. I love turn based games. There is plenty of loot to be had. some good some useless but all worth gold which you need to level. There are plenty of different characters to play although some are over powered like the witch hunter and bright wizard! The game is repetitive, but that is the nature of this game. Get a quest, pick four characters, traverse the dungeon that is revealed one tile at a time, fight monsters, get loot, go to town to spend your gold to buy items or level and basicly that is the game.  They do need different monster sets for more variety. I have the deluxe version and it comes with critters, undead, and orcs and goblins. A quest usually takes around 15 to 20 minutes to play, so if you don't have much time you can get a game in. If you like the boardgame, you will probably like this version as well."
76561198017120875,Not Recommended,326670,15482763,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,bluenazarite,"Nothing like Heroquest, or warhammer quest....Way too simplistic.Repetitive.Cheap (only 15 euro's) but moneymongering DLC (2,6 euro per character!!! come on!!!!). They should have made it more expensive and all inclusive.Games workshop's worst ever!!!!"
76561198095016066,Recommended,326670,16076509,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,ChaingunDude,"I would recommend this game if you are a fan of dungeon crawlers, board games or Warhammer.  However, for the inflated Steam price it is a great let down that they couldn't be bothered to up the graphics resolution or give some extra keyboard controls.The in-app purchases were fair enough when the game first came out on iOS.  The original board game came with four heroes and a set amount of monsters so you had to buy extra miniatures or quest packs.  Therefore I don't mind them doing this with the computer game.What I do mind though is the inclusion of content obviously meant for the purchased heroes littering the game.  By this I mean horribly over-powered undead popping up in supposed ""orc & goblin"" dungeons and unusable equipment found in treasure stashes.  Talking of treasure, the quest rewards seem a little light since they slapped a load of in-app gold purchasing in the game too.I still (just about) give the game a thumbs up due to the great dungeon experience but I am disgusted with how greedy the developers have got with this type of thing.  Purchasing a few special characters and monster packs was fair and in the spirit of the WHQ boardgame.  Ruining the experience to further their own profits is not."
76561197975359487,Recommended,326670,15699651,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Savage,"Warhammer Quest is a fun wee game to bash away the time. It is a simple dungeon crawl with lots of rather badly written quests.There is nothing more to it than that, but I get enjoyment out of it for what it is and I certainly did not get into this game expecting to be blown away.However while I recommend the game I do recommend waiting for a sale. The basic game is rather pricey for the content that it offers, and that is very little, with little variety. Unfortuntely a lot of the content is locked away by micro-transactions and I can't say the game is worth buying at full price.Regardless it's still a fun game to kill time, and I would recommend getting it during sales."
76561198006247254,Recommended,326670,14676397,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,liller_per,"IF you enjoyed the classic Hero Quest board as a child, you might enjoy this. This may be the best adaption of that boardgame, allthogh it does have it setbacks. Quite easy to get experience (maybee too easy at times), and hard 2 get plenty of gold (you have pay TONS of gold to train yourself to a new level), it gives you MANY hours 2 play this game if you wanne have some high level warriors = which therefor make this game kinda repeative, so therefor = good for casual dungeon crawling (if you have 2 wait 20 min or so for a bus or a telephone call exc).. I will also recommend this game for the lovers of Call of Cthulhu: Wastelands (Which was AWESOME) .. Hmmmm... Rather buy when it´s on discount sumthing, not worth the 15 pounds or so."
76561198028182854,Recommended,326670,14698841,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Axeing-quashore,"many ways to get thew a quest, with difent relults, like an old school rpg, but with out the talking"
76561197988281569,Not Recommended,326670,20822603,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,pvinnitsky,"gameplay is very boring, slow and cumbersome."
76561198039374546,Recommended,326670,34061166,Posted: 6 August,all,DJ Raptor,"Really great game,  its addictive and fun!"
76561197992207539,Not Recommended,326670,26477471,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Digily Dave,Cheap
76561198125852428,Recommended,326670,33248413,Posted: 4 July,all,RetroPlayingGrandad,"Its good for what it is, , But wait for the sales."
76561198009337044,Recommended,326670,17655200,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,wolffrnd,"To be honest, I didn't get this game for a very long time because of it's horrible metacritic score.  However, I liked the boardgame back in the day, and it was on sale....Man, am I glad that I took that chance.  I have really enjoyed this game.  I use it for a time killer.I am not gonna go through all the pros and cons, as there are plenty of reveiws that already do that.  What I am gonna say is that if the metacritic score is what is holding you back from getting this game.....Ignore it.  The game is a good time killer, and that is what this sort of game is supposed to be.OK, I lied.  I am gonna mention one con.  The lack of multiplayer hurts this game.  Though, it can be played on a single computer hotseat style (if you don't own the boardgame).  Also, I have the Deluxe edition.  It really adds quite a bit to the game for me.I recommend this game.  Especially if you see it on sale!  :)"
76561198048696491,Recommended,326670,20779282,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Paraquatz [Mac],the only issue I've ever found was in lack of actual FPS capping option or V-sync... If still there any strings I can type to command line at start to cap battering FPS down?
76561198116798764,Recommended,326670,21068472,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,vertexstorm,"I've had fun playing it. I was skeptical, but it is well done. It is a mobile port, but if you get the deluxe pack, it mitigates that.  The story portion is fun and well written. The graphics run smoothly. I found no glitches to speak of.  The audio is well chosen. The pace is a nice break from action games. You must think carefully about strategy at moments. The difficulty ramps up slowly. If you like tactics games, you should enjoy this light hearted treatment."
76561198117469110,Recommended,326670,20867923,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,D-Bro,"I was pleasantly surprised with this game. The atmosphere is really cool. Better than the board game in fact. Gameplay is also a lot of fun. Watching youtube videos won't win you over, playing the game will. That said, I can only recommend it at a hefty discount. Full price, the game isn't worth it. I bought it for 5 Euros, not the 40+ at full price."
76561198004137313,Recommended,326670,20881698,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Barash,"The graphics are not really that great and the skill system is simple, but the game is stable and most importantly: the game is fun. I bought the Deluxe variant with 75% discount, I highly recommand it for around 5 euro. Without discound you most be a lover of the boardgame to be ok with it."
76561198046603222,Recommended,326670,20900452,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,efrainp96,Fairly decent game couldn't beat the sale prise.
76561197995946888,Recommended,326670,21030285,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,"Domsch ""Raging Kinski""","Well, as long it´s reduced for 85%, the game is worth the 4,19€"
76561198025122831,Recommended,326670,21103770,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Jarlaxle,"I was looking for a casual game, and taking advantage of a huge discount (75%) I bought this game. I have to say I'm enjoing it, it can be challeging and strategic. Moreover I'm a warhammer fan, and I recommend it for all the other fans, or who played the tabeltop game. Regarding the main complain, about the expensive additional content, perhaps it's true. I bought everything in the sale, and it help enjoing the game."
76561198013870632,Not Recommended,326670,13910969,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,$hady,picked it up on the steam sale kinda fun...but those greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s at games workshop wrecked it pay for new char new monsters everything its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Its a pay to play. Do not buy this game
76561198006718816,Not Recommended,326670,13931889,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Nijinsky,Do not purchase this game.I purchased as a winter sale item super excited and then low and behold microtransactions came with this game and they are actually needed once you pass lvl 5 in your characters unless you want a grind fest. Simply put this is a terrible port. the graphics are straight from mobile so they look horrible on a desktop.Microtranscations alone make this game a waste of money. Do not buy!
,Not Recommended,326670,14025737,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Tezzdog,"well, i think I've experienced all this game has to offer.thanks for wasting my money"
76561197998138544,Recommended,326670,13988917,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Repopolicious,"Love it! Buy the deluxe version, it has all the DLC for cheap."
,Not Recommended,326670,13924477,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Ulther,"Warhammer games make me a fool who doesn't check user reviews before purchasing, if I had checked, I probably would have been warned away.This game is incredibly slow pace, and the format really doesn't support single player - Imagine playing D&D single player, that is what this game feels like.The fact that the game isn't actually very good is a shame.The fact that it has in game purchases to actually unlock the content that you should be getting in the original price...that's a slap in the face.Avoid this one."
,Recommended,326670,14243884,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Simple,"After a long bugged period, the game is finnaly playable. Happy to drop myself in this warhammer quest universe. Even if the global scene is not the same than the original RPG game, it's still the good universe, and bring lot of fun.In the other hand, I'm quite angry against the model: buggy at launch on Linux and you have to pay to play other heroes than the 4 provided at begin. Same for some quests extensions... Sad for a PC game that I paid."
76561197991172402,Recommended,326670,14088206,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Samarin,"The original game is epic, the idea to make it a computer game is great and the computer game itself is pretty good. Its a nice RPG wich is easy to play and has some mean elements.My biggest problem is that the game pace is pretty slow. Might be because the game is made for IOS and its all point and click but there is no way to speed up the animations so that the game progresses faster.But its still so nice that I can start it each day and play a mission or two."
76561198018376733,Not Recommended,326670,13977393,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Live free or let me die,"Not what i expected, still a decent timesinker if ur into Warhammer, overall still a 5/10"
76561198008149534,Recommended,326670,14401202,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,SlacK CaT,Hey - not a bad Games Workshop game. If you love turn based stragety and are a Warhammer fan this game is awesome.Also - its not what most people might like in a game from todays spectacular graphics and gameplay age.But - most people would prefer to play somthing different or with more action.If - you are a old school gaming fan its not bad at all.I am 24 hours into the game and having blast since I am a big Games Workshop fanNicely done game with a fun twist.
76561198011941869,Recommended,326670,14140483,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Commissar Antonios,"I lost my 4-5 lvl party thrice (playing in hardcore setting which means permanent death)...I lost all my hard gained equipment...I started and restarted the game in order to control a more equally leveled party.BUT i cant help myself stop playing this game!!!!Highly addictive,many strategic options (based on the skills of your warriors),graphics/sound are not so good,but HELL,you'll crave for more dungeons ( similar to ''one more turn"" symptom)..."
76561198167667963,Recommended,326670,13899814,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Clemency,"Upgrading my original luke warm review to an enthusiastic one. Gets better the more you play.  If you  chose hardcore difficulty, it's intense enough  to play for hours on end.  But it's still easy to put down if you need to,  so this is also a great casual game you could play for a few mins before work while waiting for some red bull to kick in.I'm almost glad I bought the standard version now, as don't mind paying for the DLC and giving the devs some extra cash for a game this good.  (Wont be buying any ingame gold though on principle, that's just a dispicable innovation for this sort of game.)The negative reviews still have a point. Animations are basic and movement is annoyingly slow.  UI is not impressive. There's no voice acting.  Music is good but not brilliant, same can be said of the written story.  Some of the still artwork is nice.  It's atmospheric, but in a minimalist way so you'd have to already be  a warhammer fan to appeaciate it.It's a dungeon crawler with not much thought required,  but that can be a good thing if you like to happily grind away with no pesky puzzles.  Im loving it.   For the emperor!"
76561198162359924,Recommended,326670,14130379,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,mi8soldier,"I was surprised that I actually enojyed this game.  The user interface is good and easy to learn, in other words, I don't have to try to use keyboard commands to do things.   I thought I would get used to the strictly top-down view, but I have not.  You do get a glimpse of what a good game they would have had if they made it with 3-D graphics and models.  But at least it is a playable Warhammer Fantasy game (unlike the new Mordheim attempt)."
76561198030735899,Recommended,326670,17128103,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Brock,"great game to pass some time. I really enjoy the warhammer lore, I reccomend this game. Turn base/rpg fun."
76561198073455147,Recommended,326670,13911875,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Sean_poppi_kon,"Enjoying the game, one thing about it that i disagree with is, when you are in a dungeon you should be able to conplete the whole dungeon even when the quest is completed. Or even dividing the party into two double warrior parties and split ways? Since this game is ran by one GM internally, it seems to be limited on actions and scenarios that could actually happen. Maybe include multiplayer and this game would excell very well. Overall rate this game 7/10."
76561197995436761,Recommended,326670,13897375,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,jcaracc2003,"To be honest, I can't remember the last time I have read so much controversy surrounding a computer game and it is getting quite ludicrous. I have no illusions whatsoever that my humble writing skills will change anyone's mind so I want to write a fair review of this so that folks who are willing to hear both sides can make an informed decision. So, once more unto the breach!!In 1995, UK games monolith Games Workshop answered Milton Bradley's Heroquest with a dark, quirky, face kicking boardgame called Warhammer Quest. Set in the rich fantasy world of Warhammer, a party of four intrepid adventurers raided dungeons that were randomly created and more often than not, died horribly and rather creatively. Expansion packs were released and in those early days of the most holy internet, people even created homebrew dungeon tiles, monsters, and treasure packs that were as good looking and perfectly playable in the game. But alas, the joy was short lived as Games Workshop decided to pull the plug. The boardgame faded into the madness of the aftermarket and is commanding rather exorobitant prices. Sad.Fast forward to January 7th and WQ is back! The game faithfully recreates the experience of playing the original murderous and funny experience of the boardgame in all of its gory glory. As you know, it's a port from iOS but does that detract from the core game experience? In my opinion, no. It's clear that developer Chilled Mouse put a lot of love into this little gem and given the fact that GW is very VERY protective of its intellectual property, Chilled Mouse has done a splendid job.But every review must be fair so I'll point out a few negatives first. The omission of multiplayer was a very bad decision. WQ and games like it are BEST played with others. That said, it IS a fun singleplayer game and you can of course, play it hot seat! Imagine that; people actually getting together to play a game like the old days! The RNG is again faithful to the game but there should be an option to see a chart of the result of dice rolls as in the original boardgame.Now to the good stuff! First off, let's get this out of the way: there are NO mandatory microtranactions in this game. It is NOT ""P2W."" The option is there to buy in game gold for those who would rather rush through the game but all you gain is getting a higher powered party sooner, and, as this IS a single player game, no one is hurt if a person decides TO avail her/himself of the MT.The game's dungeons ar randomly generated and faithfully retain the look of the original. If there is one thing you need to know to survive this game is to expect the unexpected and that the unexpected is usually quite nasty.  But the game has a sense of humor in all of the darkness too. There is one bit early in the game where a person hanging upside down is making a speech and that speech is cut short by a well thrown piece of cauliflower to his face.This is a turn based game so don't expect to running like a mad person like the equally excellent Runers. This game's weapon is to make you THINK; to make you wonder what lurks in that next room or corridor. It's about positioning your characters for maximum face punchage to the great unwashed nasties that stand between you and glorious loot. The UI is simple: everything can be done with the mouse and unlike some other iOS ports, the game responds very well to mouse dragigng and other iOS strangeness.I only have three hours into this game and yet my party is leveling up very nicely and I haven't spent a single real coin of the realm beyondthe purchase price. If you are a WQ fan, this game is a no-brainer must buy; you will not be disappointed. If you are a gamer that wants to get out of her/his comfort zone and test the waters of something different; something that isn't the 900th iteration of CoD, and you enjoy tactical thinking, this game has it in spades.I strongly recommend this game and if you buy it, go all the way and get the Deluxe version. Contrary to what you may have read, this game is much less expensive than the iOS version when you figure in the additional DLC. And resist the temptation to OPTIONALLY buy gold or else you will rob yourself of a classic gaming experience!UPDATE: 9.2 hours in game and it just keeps getting better. But the main reason I wanted to update is for those who may not know, namely, that the optional MTs are gone. So, buy the Deluxe version and have a blast and not  pay another penny - unless of course later DLC becomes available and I for one hope it does!!"
76561198014147932,Recommended,326670,13923193,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,ragenz,"I like this game top down turn based hack n slash , dont gimp yourself though .watch a you tube review ask the question ""do i really like this"" then get the delux if the answer is yes delux gives you everything with no need for micro transif the answer is no get something else and if you dont know ... get something else . You can also find many free turn based dungeon crawlers on kongregate ... if you dont like those ... you wont like this. If you do like those you will more then likely love this."
,Recommended,326670,13922378,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,MaDGoBLiN,"Very ambiguous opinion about this game, I will describe the advantages and disadvantages.Advantanges:+ Nice Turn-Based RPG game in Warhammer fantasy world+ Interesting gameplay (you should always prepare for unexpected events such as the reinforcement of new enemies, events on the map)+ Variety of things, enemies, abilities, character classes (if you bought Deluxe edition)+ A lot of quests, both main and sideDisadvantages:- In my opinion the price is too high- In the Deluxe edition, a lot of interesting content, in particular a very interesting character classes 7 (and the same price is high)- Micro-transactions (in single player)I recommend that before shopping must-see video of the gameplay, and also buy the Deluxe edition because of many interesting content that can diversify gameplay. My rating 7.5 / 10"
,Recommended,326670,13974675,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,MegaBadger24,Check out the video below for full detail!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lOP3zYZNad4
76561198000223386,Recommended,326670,13893287,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Ultra,"Ok so i saw a lot of neg reviews but being a WHQ board game player and WH fan in general i just had to take the plunge despite the MT storm etc etc and bought the deluxe edition. Heres a few points:On the Micro Transactions- Some of the MT are very nice to have, such as the extra characters but are not at all necessary until much later in the game when you may want a change of pace.- Gold MT is completely unnecessary so far, 5 hours in 4 characters at level 5 i have not needed a single coin outside of what ive gotten from dungeons, and even then its just to buy the healing items and the occasional nice treat.- Having MT in this game at all even though its a IOS port is still a massive kick in the teeth for PC players, dont do it again, you only damage yourself and any extra money you get is negated by those that didnt buy the game because of the MT.On the Gameplay controls- Controls in game are simple, mouse click for everything.- Could have been optimized for PC far far better, no keyboard use at all so no shortcuts, would be nice as another user said to be able to use keys 1-4 for something such as selecting a heroe or to use a ability etc. Using arrow keys to move the map around would have been nice, but not essential.On the Graphics- Clear IOS port hardly anything worth mentioning here, you could have at least buffed the resolution on the textures up some more and added in Effects for magic use, small animations added for diversity in melee would have been interesting and more engaging for relatively small amount of work.On the Gameplay itself- Showing the player the dice rolls ala monopoly would have a been a nice touch and i reckon wouldnt throw off players much.- Some journal entries are clearly cut off at the bottom even after scrolling whether it was the porters that did this or original designers i dont know but shows bad quality.- More intuitive explanation of the UI would have been better as well as wind of magic, a new player would be more like wheres my mana bar and what on earth is this winds crap, a voiceover tutorial would have been better instead of written.- So far on adventurer difficulty i havent lost a heroe and would have appreciated more challenge, from what i understand hardcore is adventurer with permanent heroe death, if this is the case a future update with a 'insane' difficulty would be advised to keep players going.Final commentsSo far the game has been very enjoyable, and sticks fairly well to the original board games intent, however the MT addition has clearly damaged public opinion of the game to no end. The game could have been much better as a PC port with many new graphical and UI enhancements to take advantage of PC power, but has not been done in this game. Overall the game is worth playing, but only for warhammer enthusiasts, those who enjoyed classical board game or those who are after a light RPG in the warhammer setting.Hopefully this will set people on the right path if they are thinking of buying the game."
76561197983301475,Recommended,326670,15933596,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,RabidUrko,"I read into this game before i bought it (deluxe) , i wouldnt have if microtransactions were still in it.Its sad that most of the metacritic negativity comes from when the microtransactions were within the game.These devs listen to the players it seems, which is such a breath of fresh air.Its a great gameplay, and one you can play for a bit and pick up again rather than need to sit playing in a multi hours affair in one sitting"
76561198109817352,Recommended,326670,14109485,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Varangy,That throw me back to books and the dices and no need more just a pencil and a rubber and ur boundless fantasy! :DUR WELCOME
76561198032082510,Recommended,326670,14123864,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,TemujinJr,"I must say this PC game kicks A. I played the original board game, so was very familiar with the characeters, random events, visits to the cities, etc. They have done an outstanding job recreating a classic RPG game. The AI is even challenging making sound tactical decisions. I highly recommend anyone considering buying this.And Gold. Well, there is  plenty of that. I have 4 lvl 6  characters. And you can reset the quests if needed to get even more gold or start again with new lvl 1 charactes while keeping your high levels around. You can even group them together for to  lvl up faster.Hours and Hours of fun. I just wish it was multi-player. Where different friends could each be a single character and every could play together. That is a  HUGE miss."
76561198021735834,Recommended,326670,14255662,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Kelthor,"i love it, simple game but making fun."
,Not Recommended,326670,33964872,Posted: 1 August,all,| nzDOG,TBH  its pretty lame.  Slow and clunky.  I was suckered in by the 'Warhammer' franchise label.  It's more like 'Hero Quest' that old old old board game... think very old school D&D.  But computer games have come a very long way since then.  This is 80s gameplay.  Not recommended
76561198009955054,Recommended,326670,16833516,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Duke Nuke,"Yes it is the old board game.  Yes it has almost the same mechanics.  Is that a bad thing?  I think no.  I'm liking the game, i'm enjoying the game.  What more is there to say!"
76561198053633665,Recommended,326670,13910608,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,AnimalMkIV,"If you remember enjoying playing the board game, then you will enjoy this version of WQ.I only installed this the other day so haven't got very far yet but I am really enjoying this game.  The interface is simple and easy to follow, animations smooth, rooms nicely done (and do remind you of the board game tiles) and the turns are quick and unfussy.The quests seem good so far, and the random events that can happen both in quests and while in a town add an element of surprise (and up to now, not too much frustration/feeling of cheating AI as can happen with RNG games)Definitely a game that I will keep coming back to I think.  Dungeons up to now have been quite short so I can see this being a 15-30 minute time killer at the very least."
,Recommended,326670,13913720,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,ReeKorl,"Using Steam's binary Recommended/Not Recommended, this is a Recommended - but only just. Watch the review first to get the full picture.Gameplay time as of this review - Approx 40 hours.The review area for this isn't large enough to hold the full review, so go ahead and check out the video:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2mgtgEmUAJQ"
,Recommended,326670,14106190,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Arishkogol,"I very much enjoy this game, don't get me wrong, but it definitely has it's issues. It feels unfinished. Or, at the very least, seems poorly ported from mobile devices.My biggest complaint are the controls. First off, no edge mouse scroll? That's annoying, but ok, let's see if I can move the screen via keyboard commands. Nope. Ok, I guess I'll have to click/drag to move the screen, inadvertantly popping up at least 2 info menus (that are annoying in and of themselves because you have to click and hold...). Whether I need to double or single click seems horribly anti-intuitive and I'm constantly just double clicking everything, which causes issues.Graphics are solid and fit the game nicely. Attacks and ablities seem to be well balanced. Gameplay seems to be challenging, but not ridiculous.I say play it with the hopes they fix some of these issues in the future."
,Recommended,326670,14500884,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,WARLORD,Great Game So Far. Great Questing and Turn Based mechanics.
76561198003424373,Not Recommended,326670,24182149,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Adam,Love RNG shenanigans? Love in game purchases? Then this is the game for you
76561198020780124,Recommended,326670,26987846,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,wurz-of-thornaby,"this game keeps you addicted  to playing it,"
76561198047413356,Recommended,326670,13915157,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Snk,I honestly have fun playing this game and it s certainly because it is exactly what i expected it to be.The Mts is not a probleme as long as ur taking ur time grinding and enjoying the game (this is not an online competitive game so ...)The only real  main issue is the price which is way too high for this kind of game (10/15€ max for the Deluxe edition would have been  better)
,Recommended,326670,13896357,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,BoboJoker,Yeah it's pretty good.
76561198077540456,Recommended,326670,32890542,Posted: 27 June,all,Finglowen,luv it
76561197984087684,Recommended,326670,13896588,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Spardin,plays like the board game only need to buy gold if your a lazy bugger and cant be arsed to play the game
76561198075870707,Recommended,326670,13894951,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,samura1_pengu1n,"I've put this as 50/50 review really as it has the fun of a table top old school warhammer classic yet there is a few problems within the game that are not faults of bugs but the creators... for istance you crawl through a dungeon struggling with health as you can buy very little in the game (using in game credit) then you reach the last room with a boss (all good so far) once you wittle down a few of the guards and most of the boss's health you suddenly gt not 1 nor 2 but 3 ambushes in a row and usually the ambush enemies are stronger than the boss of the level.did one level with undead enemies. had 2 vampire ambushes back to back throwing 2 level 60 vampires with 1 or 2 necromancers at level 26, TBH after you get through a dungeon that takes 20 mins you don't need that flak :(also WTF is up with the wizards in this... they take 2 hits then they are dead making it almost impossible top level them so had to purchase one of the additional heros for a fetching price of  £1.99 (definatly overpriced)Now thats the moany bit out the way its is enjoyable for the most part, gone through about 30 dungeons so far and have happily got on with the mechanics (with said ambush annouyance) and love the dungeon crawling for loot and gold, but loot drops need to be associated with either the heros your using or with the ones you have also purchased as it keeps giving loot for the ones i have not purchased :( so thats a bummer.i give it a 8/10 due to the issues i have mentioned but all in all a good little buy for someone who is bored and liked the old hero quest style dungeoning"
,Recommended,326670,13891885,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Wrayyth,"I am an old time Warhammer player. I owned Warhammer Quest (WQ) in the day, and enjoyed it. As with the rest of the video games that are presenting my favorite Warhammer products from the late 90's (Dawn of War, Blood Bowl, and Mordhiem especially) this game was better then expected and well worth the purchase. WQ is a game that is light, easy and fun. The are micro-transactions, but there is not need to get them if you buy the deluxe edition. This a fun light-hearted RPG/Strategy that gets you thinking but also lets you really relax from a rough day. I am actually looking forward to some new content in the future that will expand on the warrior types and the enemies. If you like turn based strategies (one of my alll time favorite gaming styles) and want something cute, clean, and light hearted this is a game that you will like!"
76561197999865618,Recommended,326670,13891769,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,[VI] Matherion Stormtooth,"You know, I was pretty hesitant to pick this game up because of the explosion of 'omg microtransactions' on the forums.I'm quite glad I ignored them and bought the game. If you want a game to fill in 30 minutes or an hour at a time, this is the game for you. Quick gameplay, not hugely in depth....its pretty much the boardgame from the past.Sure, its an iOS port, but its pretty good. And for $20ish bucks, it provides a decent amount of amusement.Is it a game youll be playing in a year? Probably not, or youll pick up and give it a whirl for 30 minutes every few months, much like the boardgame.And you can TOTALLY ignore the microtransactions. In fact, you only need them if you are totally impatient."
76561198050832089,Recommended,326670,13892118,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Banezilla,"its just what i thought it was, a good casual turn base game. you get all the DLC in the deluxe version for less then what you would buy it for in the IOS version. the only MT in the game is gold, and you'll never need it"
76561198020850521,Recommended,326670,13889287,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,furtadomario,"Not bad. I would like more numbers in the descriptions; it's hard to tell what everything does and what is my chance of hitting/shooting different enemies. This should be encoded asap. Otherwise, a good game."
,Recommended,326670,13887391,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,The 'Losh,"I used to play Warhammer Quest and Hero Quest as a kid, so when I saw it browsing the Apple Store one day, I immediately bought it and loved it. So, as soon as I saw it on PC, I leapt at it too. It is a really good rendition of the tabletop, with less mess, fights and no need to fanny about with dice and such. I'd recommend it to anyone, just make sure to buy the full package. The races and new characters really add something to it and, I for one, hope for more to be added in the future too.In regards to the microtransactions, it is pretty much a straight port from the mobile version, so just ignore them. It is likely the devs will remove them at some point, but the amount of work involved would not be light. And you don't ever need to buy gold. I played the mobile one alot, and didn't have to once."
76561198007263275,Recommended,326670,13891040,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Kalh,"The game is pretty nice , it's more for people who didn't get a IOS device and want to play warhammer quest.The deluxe edition make the game cheaper than IOS version ( if you paid the full price not when there is a 50% sale).People complain about microtransaction , but there is no need to buy the golds in game , and the deluxe edition give you all the content unlock.I will just say :If you are a warhammer quest fan get the game asap , if not wait for a steam discount because the game is a little overpriced. It's not a great pc game it's a port of a game from a cell phone device of 1 year old. But still it's fun , it's warhammer , it's game workshop ( game workshop = expensive)."
76561198008294138,Recommended,326670,13889449,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Femelfire,"Excellent game with a good challenge, the MT is just there to kill the challenge  and IS NOT NEEDED AT ALL TO DO A SUCCESSFUL PLAYTHROUGH. Honestly i do not understand half the hatred this game get. If you want a challenging board game with turn-based strategy element and loot system  very similar to diablo/POE  go for it you will be please and I strongly suggest you buy the deluxe if you want to unlock all the Heroes and Dungeon this rough gem has to offer. You get about 11 heroes  with each their strength and weakness (except maybe warrior priest which was  quite a letdown) and you can only bring 4 heroes per dungeon.Only disappointment is the crappy resolution  since they most likely kept the same resolution it had on IOS devices."
,Not Recommended,326670,25467537,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,ZygZag,LOL!I killed 6 zombies in one tourn!But in next few turns:I was killed by one freaky vampire without possibility to give him a hit??!!Where is balance?I waste my time for that game made by young student.
76561197960294279,Recommended,326670,13890653,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Stotty,"Great remake of the classic board game. Fairly hard to understand if you've never played the original game but a little research and you can find the old rulebook online as a free download. It would be nice if the game came with a pdf manual rather than the (very) basic in game 'Journal' but maybe this is a future addition now that the game has been released...Ignore all the people on the forums whinging about the microtransactions as buying gold is really not needed. Just don't click on the 'Buy Gold' menu button and you won't even notice it!Yes it may take you two or three dungeons to get the gold and the xp to level up your characters but that's what the board game was all about! True killing a rat would net you 15g in the board game and 4g in this game but then training costs are one tenth of the amount of the board game...If you're impatient enough to want the best gear straight away then there is an option for that too but I won't be using it.  After four dungeons my four characters were all level 3 with 4000g in the bank. I can only assume those people raging on the forums about buying gold either don't like giving people an easy option to achieve what they did, assuming they've even played the game at all or they've missed their midday nap time.I would recommend the delux edition and ignoring the overpowered items for the additional characters it unlocks.At the current price it is still cheaper than the IPhone version(check which dlc the base game already incorporates) and if they plan to introduce further dlc to get past level 8 (Level 10 was the maximum in the board game) and introduce other characters (Everyone loves a Chaos Knight!) then I'll be buying that too.The base game at £9.89 still includes the full game with the four original board game characters so is in no way an 'Incomplete game'."
76561197970443518,Recommended,326670,13887803,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Rapscallion,"This is an excellent rendition of a classic board game.  I foresee many hours of my life disappearing into this game.  Some people may find the interface a bit slow as it is a port from a touchscreen interface, but I find it no slower than picking up a miniature and trotting it across a board.  Some people may also miss a multiplayer option, but you can still invite a friend over and play hotseat (this option is made even more attractive in this videogame as they've removed the lantern rule, where all characters must stay within two board sections of the torchbearer or perish in the unforgiving dark), you can even have characters go completely separate ways if there's a fork in the road!  Go ahead, split the party!  What could possibly go wrong?You may hear some complaints about ""microtransactions"" from other reviewers, but those people don't know what they're talking about.  If you buy the deluxe version (which is essentially a season pass for all the content available since 2013), I'm sure you'll never notice a single transaction request.   I don't notice these transaction points as they're very ancillary (just a small plus-sign next to your gold pool, you need never click it, but it's there if a truly awesome weapon appears in the bazaar, and you absolutley must have it RIGHT NOW --  me, I prefer to adventure for it).If you loved HeroQuest and Warhammer Quest the board game, it's back!  They even have a hardcore mode where character death is permanent, just like the board game -- it's the only way I play.  Wusses have the option of turning off perma-death.Now you don't even need to bother getting people together to play!  No clean-up!  No storage issues!  I just hope they produce skads more DLC campaigns and addons!  Long live Warhammer Quest!"
76561197998476788,Recommended,326670,13889696,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Blatant,It reminds me of Heroquest the board game.  Its very fun and i will be unlocking more warriors very soon.  Its a boardgame...and I like that.
76561197999211350,Recommended,326670,13890084,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,R3DK4P (Hashtagampersand),"Yes, with reservations that there are first day DLC found in the Deluxe edition.  The game is fun and the story quests have fun WFRP style storylines, but there are also random grind quests to get level up.I am bothered by how you equip items, in that consumables take up the same spots as equip items and do not apear to stack.  If you played the board game you know that the party bought as many bandages and foods as you could for healing.Its fun to play when you want some quick hack and slash, and I love every time my wizard deathblows through four guys while my dwarf can't hit for nothing."
76561198050355978,Recommended,326670,13887288,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,rockojb,Just like the mobile app. A must have if you enjoyed either Hero Quest or Warhammer Quest board games back in the day.
76561198017029341,Recommended,326670,13887540,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,GreatmasterB,Good Warhammer game.
,Recommended,326670,13885865,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,B.Miller,"Yeah, it has got microtransactions. But you don't need them. Yeah, the  basis product can be enhanced with additional content, like the real board game too. And - damn hell - yes! This game makes as much fun as the classic days of WHFQ were once before a time!I looked envy upon the game on iOS as an Android user. And I like it on Steam as well! Thank you developers - even if I might not like your pricemodel and microtransaction plans. But I gladly bought the Deluxe version for a smaller price as they asked on iOS for it. And I am very happy with it.Do you like board games? Do you like dungeon crawlers? Do you like those two combined as a ""everything really tries to kill you!""-setting? If you now said ""yes"" three time in a row, then this game will make you very happy!"
76561198009607909,Recommended,326670,13885939,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,ltee32,"I am pretty happy with this game, about what I expected. Takes me back. Not bothered by the MT, don't even notice it is there. Not for everyone maybe, but I enjoy grinding out levels and gear. 7/10 for reasons I won't go into because I am a profoundly lazy man. Wouldn't have written anything, but the bashing is irritating me. Whatever, I am enjoying the game."
76561198009554741,Not Recommended,326670,23119743,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,kjdean2,Game is interesting for a while.  But then it is just more of the same on every mission.  Boring......to the extreme.  Would not recommend unless you like watch ice melt.
76561197968314999,Recommended,326670,23287258,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Mr_Squiggle,"Warhammer Quest (Deluxe version reviewed).I found Warhammer Quest an enjoyable game, well I should say I still find it to be an enjoyable game as I am still playing through WQ, nearing the final quests. Admittedly I've always enjoyed the Warhammer universe, turned based games and fantasy so I'm getting a little something extra there. There's a good selection of playable characters and quests to be completed and while some of the quests feel a bit samey there's enough of a story line going on and variety that, for me, it didn't become too annoying (that said there *are* a lot of quests too!). There's plenty of loot and booty to be had and I'd recommend holding off on purchasing weapons in some of the many towns you will come across because levelling up your characters in the latter stages of the game can become pricey and I found that I had a backlog of characters needing to be trained. I discovered that a lot of the quest reward weapons and random drops had me kitted out pretty well anyway. The game quests are designed to played through in a short period of time, about a half-dozen to a dozen rooms in total. Any of the general quests in the wilderness will likely only take a half hour or so if you don't find yourself getting into trouble and the story-line quests will take a little longer. While there's no form of permadeath nor any major punishment when your adventures die it can be annoying when your whole party wipes-out in a dungeon because you get swamped by monsters because of random spawns during combat. The vampires tend to be just as powerful, if not more powerful, than you so you really need to get your strategy right. Don't give up though as when all looks lost you can steal victory from the jaws of defeat (and only by the skin of your teeth) and that when I enjoyed the game the most. The only major annoyance and criticism I have is that some of the game mechanics (e.g. those pesky vampires and random spawns) could have used a little more testing and tweaking as occasionally it's a little unfair in its imbalance. I was fighting a Vampire Lord and just when I had his accompanying retinue sorted and about end his undead Lordliness another vampire spawned, around the corner and well out of my reach, and proceeded to heal, disable and resurrect until I was completely surrounded and outnumbered four to one. Slowly but surely my brave adventurers met a grizzly end. Frustrating but, like I said, no major penalty incurred (but man it sucks at the final stage of the dungeon). Well, more critters to be stuck with my blade. If you enjoy Warhammer and enjoy turn base roll playing then I certainly recommend WQ and also a simple introduction to the genre."
76561198084028156,Recommended,326670,23147881,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Venrkhal,"Its just awesome,you can spent hours without getting bored"
,Not Recommended,326670,22927766,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,malkyt,"It is a good representation of the board game, however, the controls are not very keyboard friendly, there is a lot of moving and clicking and clicking and clicking, and on the board you can move by double clicking a square, on the map you have to click where you want to go and then move to the ""Travel"" button and click there, it should be consistent. There a number of other bugs which make the game very frustrating. The main one being the Necromancer has the spell/skill called ""Crystal Maze"" which traps one of you characters for a turn, however if you kill the necromancer before the end of the turn, you also kill you character.Generally a good game, but could do with the edges being smoothed out a bit, perhaps keyboard shortcuts for navigating all the menus.Remendation is a NO, until some of the bugs are fixed."
76561198152664119,Recommended,326670,22731840,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,jabryan3,"Bought the deluxe version on sale. And, in case you were wondering, there are no additional microtransactions. Having fun so far, although the bonus weapons are seriously overpowered at low levels, and some of the additional charater classes can't use any of them."
,Recommended,326670,22652343,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Nemausus,"Not a bad game, though a little repetative with the same dungeons time after time and it causes abject frustration when  missing hits in battle for an entire round. Good though if you want a quick boardgame without having to set it up physically."
76561198119737755,Recommended,326670,22786530,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,h4x0rj4xz,"I purchased this game without any expectations about Warhammer. But this game is a very fun casual adventure game. I enjoy the mechanics of taking a party on quests. Outfitting and positioning your party members for battle against the mobs. The game play seems pretty balanced. This game is probably not for the hard-core gamer crowd, but for the casual players (like myself) this is a very fun way to unwind."
76561197977259826,Recommended,326670,22918369,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,BUZZARD,"I have a relatively low game play time on this title for now. But it is exactly what it should be.Warhammer Quest - The Board game, in digital form. The battle system is as it should be for the WFB universe. The towns and other random interactions while traveling add a small amount of variety to the game, but essentially, its the good old Dungeon Crawler from your distant youth that you could never get enough friends to play with you.I got it on a sale, it appears to have all the DLC... I would attempt to purchase it this route where possible.Like the current wave of digital game books, this game is good for what it is. Essentially a digitized version of the board game. It plays well, is easy to pick up and put down and still employs some thought and strategy for long term success."
76561197992014689,Not Recommended,326670,22333467,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Thano,"Its not a bad game but the fact you have to pay for more classes is bull. PLus there are micro transactions for real money ( not that you need them if you save and repeat runs lower level than you party. Those are the reasons why I gave it a thumbs down,"
76561197980383416,Not Recommended,326670,22331960,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,QtrMaster,I used to play the board game when I was younger and thought this would be pretty cool. Although the basic mechanics of the game are similar it is not. This game manages to make you feel like you hit a pay wall from the start. There is little depth and the fact that they made a board game adaptation that does not support multiplayer is well just stupid.
76561198025197724,Recommended,326670,22563825,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,FireWater,"I reccommend it, with heavy stipulations:I loved the old tabeltop warhammer game, so was very interested in this but very put off by all the negative reviews.I'm glad I listened, in a nutshell it goes like this:The game is good. If you ever played Warhammer Quest then you'll definatley like this.But much of the game's content is not included in the main price. Most of the heroes, several items, many enemies... they're only available if you shell out the money for the full ""delux"" game. And while I like the game, it's not worth that much money. It's a fun and nostalgic game, but not a work of art.So, if you find this game (and it's extra content) on sale, then pick it up without hesitation. If you don't, just put it on your wishlist and wait for it to drop to like half price. Otherwise you will feel you overpaid.Aside from all that, I have exactly one complaint that almost had me give this game a negative review:Of all the ""extra"" characters you can unlock... WHY IS THE ELVISH WARDANCER NOT ONE OF THEM!I remember the old Warhammer Quest. Back when I was young and didn't have much money, the Wardancer was the only ""extra"" class I got, and I never regretted it.So where the flying ♥♥♥♥ is he?"
76561198144787599,Recommended,326670,28198250,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,caliokiedokie,"Love this game!  If you were a fan of the original board game growing up, or HeroQuest, you'll love being able to adventure on the PC.  Great for when you don't have a full troop of friends around to play on a tabletop, just fire up Steam and get to dungeon crawling."
76561198362800816,Recommended,326670,29562166,Posted: 29 January,all,jakeychops,Bit expensive but you need to buy all the DLC if you want to fully enjoy the game.
76561198057333012,Recommended,326670,29647970,Posted: 2 February,all,Capn Yoaz,Takes me back to the old board game.  Only problem is that any characters after the initial 4 that you want are overpriced DLC.
76561197980713614,Recommended,326670,33708319,Posted: 21 July,all,Igouge,"It is a solid game bordering on good.  it is pretty much like D and D's board games like Castle Ravenloft but for PC and having Warhammer skins.  Like others mentioned it is crappy that you only get 4 adventurers and then you have to buy the others that you want.  I get paying for the new dungeons, monsters, etc but at least give out more adventures to set your party instead of forcing us to buy them .Other than that it is a pretty good game that you can play in 15-20min chunks and still feel like you've accomplished something."
76561198142366455,Recommended,326670,34922442,Posted: 13 September,all,Here_Is_Plenty,"Although I was a fan of the Warhammer Battle and Roleplay games going back to the 80s, I never tried the boardgame of Warhammer Quest and I wish I had.  It seems like it would have been a lot of fun, if this electronic version is anything to go by.  Having said that, I am pretty disappointed that you have to pay cash to unlock most of the characters rather than it being rewards for progression.Edit:  deluxe pack just appeared on humble with 80% off and I cracked and bought it.  Now over 80 hours in and the elements that seemed grindy at first are not mattering.  You watch your characters grow in power and equipment and the only shame is that it stops at level 8 for each of them but considering you have to spend gold to level them up, that is probably for the best.I played 53 hours on first playthrough with the basic 4 characters on casual.  Now I am aiming for the levelling achievements for the remaining 7 characters on adventure mode (normal), after which I am still fully motivated to drive onto hardcore, having a clear idea of which 4 characters I believe I can tackle it with.  What I am saying is that there is plenty of replay value.It must be said that the missions are all basically similar visually and this made me hold concern at first that it would be too repetitive - well, so is a chessboard and people still keep coming back to that.  It is the range of tactics with the character skills and the massive range of items that make it compulsive.  For the most part, the items are well-balanced (there is one quest reward item that is completely overpowered and abusable) - some drop randomly and some are rewards for side quests.  For example, leaving a town, you will generally have the option of a story quest or one of a number of random quests which either ask you to rescue someone or find a special item, which it names and you can look these up on a guide on the forum page so you know if it is either good for your team or worth selling.  The sidequests scale up in difficulty depending on what team you take into them.I am looking forward to hardcore with its permadeath but I want to get the other achievements first.  Be prepared for one final edit where I scream my rage at a party being wiped out because I was too proud to hit the exit button..."
,Recommended,326670,35268577,Posted: 28 September,all,!?,fun little time waster to explore warhammer world if you're not that familiar with it
