user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,326730,13133468,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Black Heart,"Psssht. *facerub* Where to begin with this.I want to start off by saying that I REALLY like Whisper of a Rose, when it isn't making me tear my hair out, but I have a hard time recommending it to anyone who wants a stroll down memory lane. Especially those that come from generation 4/5/6 Final Fantasy. Realizing this is a debut title and is going to have issues, being a fan of this type of game I plan to throw the book at it. Not out of malice, but because I really hope to see this game and future games improved from constructive criticism, rather than take on a holding pattern as a result of unwarranted praise.In Whisper of a Rose, you are Melrose, a schoolgirl from a broken home with social issues at school who steals an iDream, an experimental device which allows you to live your dreams, from a museum in which it is to be showcased. In using it, however, she becomes trapped in an inhospitable dream world with no clear way to escape.The story itself is well written and functional, and the characters diverse (if archetypal) but I find my relationship with Melrose to be an emotional rollercoaster. I seem to alternate between sympathizing with her plight and wanting to punch her in the face, because there are situations in which she has violent outbursts and behaves like a total b!tch on an irrational level. I mostly settle on indifference to her entirely.The visuals, taking into account that the game was built in RPG Maker XP are very good, and I have thus far encountered no bugs or glitches that spring to mind, and experienced no crashes. However the way the interface is designed, while functional could definitely use improvement. When it is an allied character's turn, there are two visual prompts to assist in this - their 'wait bar' fills and turns red, and they flash white. Now, this is usually fine in areas with good colour contrast but in bright areas with really low colour saturation it is really difficult to tell whose turn it is, especially if two characters' wait bars fill simulatenously. Similarly, you are notified that an enemy is charging up an ability to use by the same white flash, which again is not readily apparent in low saturation areas with bright colours. I have little knowledge of the limitations of the RPG Maker interface, but in this regard I feel the battle interface could have been built better.That said, the battle animations and particle effects for spells and abilities play out smoothly and are well done, and the diverse beastiary of enemies encountered are appropriately thematic for where they are found and the more cleverly named of them are aptly so. The game maintains an acceptable framerate, and apart from periodic pauses in isolated instances where the game informs me it is 'loading' there is no graphical stuttering.Spells are learned inorganically and the screen on which they are learned is better described as a dark cave than a tree. It is needlessly large, and the little amount of the map that is visible on screen gives no clues as to which spells are in which direction until you stumble onto them, wandering aimlessly through it. I honestly would have rather had a cascade menu with each spell, a button press to unlock and branching menus to power up each attribute (Speed, Power, Mana Cost) than this... mess. The way in which Skill Unlock points are obtained makes some semblance of sense, however. Each one is obtained by completing a story segment, usually through defeating a boss. Though gaining Skill Upgrade points is frustrating and nonsensical to say the least, as they are loot objects in dungeons or obtained through talking to NPCs, rather than leveling up. However, the variety of spells and abilities available are fairly vast, each with different effects and power levels, and are unique to each character. I would have preferred a more heuristic approach to learning them, though.Which brings me to the next point - magic is WAY overvalued in this game, especially during bosses with adds. At my current playtime I have 3 characters unlocked - the main character, Melrose (summoner), a mage and an archer. Melrose and the archer do little damage of any consequence with their basic attacks, and don't have enough mana to reliably use their spells to deal and recover damage. Whereas the mage, while having really high mana costs can usually wipe the field clean in one area of effect cast, and continue to do this reliably for many battles consecutively as long as the archer feeds her mana with his own abilities. A very big contrast to most other RPGs comparable to this.The puzzles present in this game are generally very good, reaching and even exceeding complexity found in games like The Legend of Zelda. I have scratched my head for a while trying to work out exactly what to do with them, and even had to ask for help on one occasion. In this regard I give the game a very high grade.The maps are generally well laid out, if sometimes needlessly large and complicated. I felt as if some of the areas were built to have complex routes to navigate through and multiple dead ends for complexity's sake, rather than to actually serve a purpose. Sure, some of them have treasure at the end, but others are just... there. Add to that random collision objects that pepper some of the maps and navigating them can be somewhat frustrating at times, but this is only an issue in very isolated instances and doesn't permeate the entire game. There are also frequently really long distances that need to be travelled through the world map, with no random encounters or treasure to discover to break up the monotony of trekking around the world looking for the next area entrance.The crafting available in the game is somewhat esoteric. Recipes are found throughout the game in various places, but the materials required are often not that common without grinding and the interface for crafting is clunky at best. It's often easier to grind currency to buy items at shops and ignore crafting altogether until much later in the game, where crafting seems to be required to create relic quality equipment.The music is okay, and what little voice acting is present is well done. I haven't encountered any audio stuttering, glitches or any other annoyances with it. The game has good KBM and gamepad support, though it seems notably easier to play with a gamepad than KBM, but that may just be me and not a rule.My understanding is that a playthrough should take 30-40 hours, and with my 9-10 hours into it so far I believe that approximation to be accurate.Overall, it's a decent little RPG. Though if you came hoping for something to rival titans like Final Fantasy, Legend of Dragoon, Star Ocean or Phantasy Star and take a walk down memory lane, you're probably better off spending the couple of extra dollars and getting an actual Final Fantasy game. If you just want a nice little RPG to get your turn-based fix, Whisper of a Rose is for you."
,Not Recommended,326730,13011114,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Sir Shaysol,"Whipser of a Rose is great, until you actually start playing it.In the opening scenes, I was immediately drawn into the game. Whisper of a Rose has an immersive narrative pulling from the real world into a fantasy one with a played out but fitting transition. Everything in the game is quite symbolic of the paralells between the real world and the dream world you enter. Melrose is a unique character to follow around as far as RPG worlds go, and the cast that was starting to form as I played through seemed at least not totally cheesy (but if the super powerful person who can't control their powers! trope bothers you, red flag). Unfortunately, once the opening scenes end and you actually start existing in the game world, the reality sets in that this not an exciting adventure, it's a typical JPRG grindquest without the tension relievers most of them typically throw in.I have to state before I get too far into this review, that I only played 5 hours of the gameplay. Maybe after the 5 hours I played, the game would magically become 200% better, but I find it doubtful. It's obvious from the get-go that the game was not very well play tested early on in the development process. If it was, the obvious feedback would have been that The areas within the game are far too large. How often do you hear people complaining about that in an RPG game? Typically when RPGs have large areas, when you go well off the beaten path, you are rewarded. This is something WoaR attempts to do, but fails miserably at.Let me paint the picture. You are going through the dungeons with your party, spamming the attack button on small groups of enemies because it literally takes less time to do that than to cast a spell that would kill the enemies in one hit (in addition to your turns refilling, your spells have their own cast bar. You also have to wait for every other characters turn to end before your spells go off). So you're going through the area, killing off the exact same enemies over and over and over and over and over again, trying to see if the path you're traveling on is the main one or a little detour. When you get to a dead end, you see a chest. ""Ah, this isn't the right way, but maybe I'll get something cool!"" you may think. But no, what you'll get is a weapon or armor piece that literally increases a stat by one, or memory orbs. Memory orbs are the currency of the game. So imagine spending literally 30 minutes going through a dead end path (I'm not exaggerating, the game is that poorly planned) only to end up at a chest that gives you more of the same money that you're already frustrated of seeing... and that's it. YOu have to backtrack all the way back to the beginning of that path and find a new one.This is all the game is in the first 4 real hours of playing it. A mindless treck through bats to find very small upgrades or useless money. That's it. I didn't even encounter a TOWN in the first 4 hours of gameplay. The game is a constant motion forward through dungeons. There was one point where I found an inn, but there was nothing to do or explore there, and there were no NPCs worth talking to (about 3 total anyways). Typically in JRPGs, towns offer a kind of tension relief their repetitive nature can sometimes cause. It gives the player a chance to relax, plan, and become immersed in the world they are exploring. Whisper of a rose ingnoring this convention in an otherwise convetional game becomes one of its greatest flaws.I'm sad that I quit the game so soon into it. The environments are gorgeous and inventive, the story, while a bit cliche, is rather interesting and makes sense with the surroundings you find yourself in... but the gameplay is just... boring. That's all there is to it. Perhaps at some point, the game does a complete 180 and the paths becomes more linear and the combat becomes more complex, but I personally couldn't force myself to sit through any more of it after the sidequest boss I spent an hour and a half trying to find died in about three turns.... and then I realized I would have to backtrack all the way back to a teleporter just to get back into the story (would probably take at least 20 minutes to do). I didn't want to hate this game, but unfortunately Whisper of a Rose stands as a perfect example of how a great story and world can be hindered by the actual gameplay of a poorly planned JRPG."
76561198074332586,Recommended,326730,12964931,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,rumariss,"As far as classic rpg's go, this is like a classic that never happened, almost like a dream (pun completely intended) the story is fresh and interesting like the true twisted face of ""wonderland"". The art style is impressive and the music is amazing, the gameplay is reminiscent of old school final fantasy with some current day practices. My only problem is not being able to select the resolution, my screen seems to cut off a little, but beside that little fact, I wish modern rpg's would take a step back and see what an indie can do with a little passion and a whole lot of style. I give Whisper of the Rose a 9.5."
,Not Recommended,326730,12994610,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Zebra_204,"Nice art but quite frustrating. Not in difficulty sense, the game is rather easy.  It’s just boring. I thought I was in for a treat as the game went through in beginning phases but it fell flat pretty quickly once it starting moving.  Many of the environments are beyond annoying to navigate. Between world objects blocking you such as plants, rocks and the tiresome enemies chasing you endlessly to make you engage in a snooze fest of a battle it really starts to become a chore. Whisper of a Rose attempts at bringing in a skill tree to the genre which works but not as well as it could. You collect skill upgrades in random places or talking to random npcs, many which can be easily missed. You do not earn any skills from just leveling up so It’s nice that they did something different and encourage exploration but this game simple isn’t worth exploring. Its pointless to escape from battles because the enemies simply spawn right next to you only to engage the battle again. If you try running far away hoping you can lose them don’t bother. They can often navigate the annoying terrain better than you. If you do successfully get away you’ll only be met by another horde immediately after or during your escape. Want to find a way to that chest you see on that ledge? Well then be prepared to put 30 minutes at least trying to painstakingly get to it. First JRPG I’ve ever desperately tried not to get into any battles. Not just because they are pointless and boring but because it will cause you to level way to quickly, obliterating any challenges. 5/10"
,Recommended,326730,17219070,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,ladynadiad,"Whisper of a Rose is a very well done RPG Maker game about a girl named Melrose who has a pretty awful life and very much wants to find some way to escape it.  She finds a device called the iDream and uses that to escape into her Dream World.But she ends up finding out that the Dream World isn't as nice as she thinks it is.  After all, not all our dreams are nice and happy, there are plenty of nightmares as well.Whisper of a Rose takes us on Melrose's trip through the Dream World.  Everything in the game is based on things that happened to Melrose and her own fears and wishes.  Even her own repressed memories show up at times.  The settings range from rolling hills to unpleasant forests and swamps.  And all Melrose wants to do is find a way home.Overall pros:+Lengthy game, it took me just under 30 hours to beat it, though that included having to redo some stuff when I was defeated.+Gorgeous settings, you can barely even tell it's RPG Maker+Wonderful soundtrack.  All the music fits great with the scenes and the battle themes are just amazing.  You can get the soundtrack for free at the dev's website too.+Very responsive dev which is always a good thing.Overall cons:-Never thought I'd say I wanted random encounters in a game, but this game really would have been better off with them.  Visible encounters just don't work here with how difficult it is to avoid enemies and how they immediately respawn with no chance for immunity to avoid the encounter.  Monsters also don't stop while you grab treasure which leads to encounters you may not want.  (Edit: This has been improved upon as well with a short delay between respawn and an item to avoid encounters.  New Game+ mode gets an important item to allow unlimited avoiding of encounters)-Regular battles can get lengthy and tedious.  (Edit: This has been improved upon and they are much shorter as long as you aren't avoiding everything and not upgrading equipment)-While there is a quick means of travel, it only covers limited areas and you'll be backtracking a bit for sidequests, which makes the encounter annoyances even greater because you'll get stuck fighting some monsters when you just wanted to make a quick run to grab an item.Achievement wise, it's not an easy 100%.  You'll need two full playthroughs to 100% the game and there are a few missables.  It's about 30 hours per playthrough from the looks of things if you want to be sure to miss nothing.  There is some replay value though since you get some new stuff on a second run and there's one sidequest that can only be finished on the second playthrough and it nets you the best summon in the game.Still, it's a very good game and I do recommend it.  It's not exactly short and sweet, but it's worth playing all the way through.Also a little tip for anyone playing it: don't sell your initial armor for any characters.  You'll need that later if you want to get the best stuff in the game.  It's doable to beat the game without it, but more difficult."
76561198011891156,Recommended,326730,22131522,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Jargonaut,"I love this game and has been playing it for 100+ hours.I would like to recommend this game to those that love good RPG Maker games with an excellent storyline.You can play this game as a Warrior, Paladin or Summoner. In this game the Summoner is the most interesting character which also enables you to unlock a lot more achievements. The combat mechanics is interesting as you play with different form of elemental damages (fire, water, air, earth)  which are resisted by different degrees by different monsters. You also alternate between real and dream worlds.Unlike most other RPGs, you do not gain skill points as you gain more experiences and levels. You need to explore every nook and cranny to look for skill upgrade points. You also need to talk to every character and do every quests to get skill upgrade and unlock points as well as better gears. As a summoner, you can also unlock different creatures to summon through various quests as well.There is also an excellent crafting mechanism in this game as well. The best armors in this game, called Relic Armors cannot be bought or received as drops from monsters. They need to be crafted using various crafting items, as well as some very difficult to get monsters drop. Furthermore you need to keep your very first set of armor for all 4 characters as well, because you need to use them to craft Relic armors at the very end.You can buy better weapons from differnet vendors in this game, but the very best weapons, called Ultimate Weapons can only be receive through quests too. Hence this elevate the importance of doing all quests.To get all achievements, you will need to play this game twice, and hence giving it more replay value. This is because there is a New Journey+ mode which can only be unlocked when you finished the game. Furthermore there are quest that are started during your first game which can only be completed during the New Journey+ as well. So the achievements associated with these quests can only be received if you play the game twice.The second time you play this game, you get a lot of benefits, including new skill sets which can only be unlocked in New Journey+ You can also get better creatures to summon and start of with certain crafting recipes which are not present in the first game. I have started on my New Journey+ and this game is still sustaining my interests even though I am playing it a second time.This is a great game. The only shortcoming I can think of is that the graphics are OK, but not top-notched. However, considering that I got the game on sale at about $10, this game is defintely worth its weight in gold, in terms of the enjoyment value and the time played.-------------------Review Update after Finishing New Journey+ ---------------------------I am finally done with this game, after 156 hoursI played the game twice, and finished New Journey+ with allthe steam achievements.In the end, all my characters were at level 47, and I had 31 DRAGON TEETH.I just love grinding that green dragon for lots of XP and orbs.That dragon also got me a lot of levels too!!!!All my characters were equipped with Relic Armors and Ultimate Weapons.I also made 4 of those awesome Tanzanite Rings with game my characters +9 magic attack and +3 magic defense. In the end, Helenna's Tornado was so overpowering that she can wiped out all the enemies in a single turn (equipped with Relic Armor, Ultimate Weapon and Tanzanite Ring).I simply fell in love with this game, and that is why I spend 156 hours on it.I put the prequel, ""Sweet Lily Dreams"" on my wishlist and will buy it when it is on sale. I am sure I will enjoy the prequel very much too.Once again, thank you for the wonderful game, developer Lucia Silvermoon !!"
,Recommended,326730,13185665,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,lewisx7x,"This game is a standard turn-based RPG.  It looks like an old SNES RPG.  Story wise its pretty average and alot of the dialog is awkward at times.  The music is great, there are alot of stand out tunes that feel like they came from the glory days of RPG gaming.  The battle system utilizes the same mechanics as the Final Fantasy ATB.  Nothing groundbreaking here, but if you enjoy RPGs, this game wont let you down."
76561198036275457,Recommended,326730,16845115,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Myurian,Got to the Love Engine Dungeon... Did a puzzle requiring stepping on some star shaped tile on the ground and then pressed 1 to 5 to make a path for myself to a switch and a skill point. Once i got the skill point i leveled a skill and saved without realising that saving there would reset the puzzle trapping me forever with the switch on the other side. Since i saved with the puzzle reseted when i load i still am trapped since the puzzle reset without bringing me back to the puzzle entrance and there is no way to teleport out of a dungeon...This is a great game and i came across no other bug. I'll have to restart it from the beggining now but i do hope they will fix puzzle reseting when you save for no reason and often trapping you forever unless you made many save file and are able to reload before you got to the said puzzle. Also would appreciate more information on the stats difference between the class.
,Not Recommended,326730,26640657,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,niX,"What I will say is that this game was playable enough for me to finish. I will give credit where it is due and say that there are some very nice things about this game. For a small developer (with this being their very first game), there are some things they did well... but they also definitely dropped the ball in some areas. For me personally, the features that I felt needed improvement and things that I found frustrating outweight the few shining aspects that the game has to offer.ProsEvery area in the game is uniquely different. Each dungeon, town and sub area are all different in design, and each new area features it's own unique music. Enemies are all unique, there are no ""recycled"" enemies that are recolored and stuck in various places. All boss enemies are also unique. In addition, all music is great to listen to and suiting. Monsters too, are all appropriate for the area that you are in. The artistic factor of this game is very high, and was well done.A good mix of RPG elements, such as: puzzle solving, dungeon crawling, grinding and completing side quests. There is also a crafting system and skill tree for each character in the game.You can save anywhere you want. This is very helpful in a game where enemies scale up in difficulty quickly. Being able to save before going into a new area or attempting a boss battle is huge. It also makes it easier to pick up and play, or finish without having to trek to a save point.ConsWhat this game was trying to do with it's story, I have no idea. Everything is completely all over the place. It starts by building a frame that this game is about a tortured young woman who has nothing to look forward to in reality, so she escapes into a dream world. Then, you spend the whole game trying to get back to the real world. Okay? You forget though about 10 hours in that there is a ""real"" world because the game throws so many other things in the mix. There's no pacing between the gameplay aspects and the story telling. A lot of the NPCs are barely in the story at all, hardly mentioned, and easily forgotten about/killed off.. or not seen or heard from again until WAY later. The story is clunky and disjointed, and instead feels like one long fetch quest. Go to point a, be told to go to point b. Go to point b. Great, now go to point c.. etc. There is no continuity here.The writing isn't anything to write home about. Melrose just isn't that likable of a character, so reading her dialogue makes it even more painful. Melrose is a 19 year old college student who hasn't matured past the mental age of about 12. She acts as a matyr to gain sympathy, but has not a kind bone in her body to offer in return. Being the subject of bullying herself, you'd think she'd be nice... right? No. She is immature, rude, and selfish. She expects everybody to push their own personal goals aside to help her return to the real world. Anything else is ""whatever"". She has a very poor attitude that doesn't much improve as the game goes on. Even when it's pointed out that she's rude, she refuses to believe this to be the case. The writing is very juvenile, and doesn't add to the already horribly planned out ""story"".The combat aspects of the game are off kilter. You have a choice of three classes for Melrose: Paladin, Warrior or Summoner. Regardless of what you pick, Melrose will mostly function as a physical attacker (slash damage) with some varying skills available depending on the class. Hellena is the ONLY character who can use consistant spell casting to cause magical damage. Diamond functions mostly as a healer, but deals piercing damage with a bow. Christina is the ""tank"" type of character who inflicts heavy blunt type damage. Why would they only give you ONE character who can cause magical damage when magic is so goddamn useful in this game? Hellena is by far the most useful and overpowered character in the game. Christina, Diamond and Melrose all attacking in one turn sometimes don't do enough damage as Hellena can do on her own with one spell in a single turn. This really irritates me, because you do A LOT of fighting in this game, and I feel like it really drags at times. You don't even have access to make other characters learn physical magic spells through the skill tree. The enemies in this game seem to also LOVE to put up barriers or shields that block all physical attack damage. You might be able to remedy this if Melrose has the appropriate skill to break the shield, or if Christina can brute force through it.. but Diamond is useless in these cases. You depend so heavily on Hellena. But, what if she's silenced.. or runs out of MP? Well, then you're left burning through items or using Diamond's skill to restore MP (provided he has it, and isn't silenced/has enough MP). Three physical attackers and one magic user was not a fair balance. It doesn't really provide the game with much challenge (since it becomes easy with much grinding), but just frustrating. It's drawn out, and makes me feel like I'm wasting a lot of time and resources. Considering Melrose is your main character, I also found her to pretty useless as a Paladin when I played. Her attack power is trumped by Diamond and Christina, and a lot of her skills often miss or don't work as they should. She's also got low MP. For a class that's also supposed to be defensable.. she wasn't any more durable than my other party members.Although they have put a skill tree system in the game, I feel as if it's poorly implemented. Navigating through this thing is a disaster. It's hard to put in to words unless you've actually played the game, but I imagine that some people who have played feel the same way. Rather than having a skill tree that you can easily see as a whole right in front of you, you have to tediously scroll around on a sort of ""road"" with varying forks to find the skills. I feel like I'm just blindly flumbing my way around in the dark. There's no way to zoom out, to see every skill so you know which ones you've already leveled. There's no color coating to showcase the kinds of skills on each different path.. no organization whatsoever. I think this is something they could have easily made more convienent. There are certain skills on the skill tree that are locked for the ENTIRE first play through for EVERY character. There's these ""Rose Petal"" locks that can only be unlocked with a special kind of skill point. But guess what? There are only 5 available in the entire game, scattered around on the world map.... and they are only accessible in New Game+. I found ONE at the end of the game by completing a side quest in my first playthrough.There's no map. This game is huge and the dungeons are also big and very complex. They've designed a lot of these dungeons with branching paths, caves, and a lot of random treasure strewn about. I honestly don't think I would have been able to finish this game without the use of a guide that had pictures of the area as a whole laid out. Even if the environments are nice to look at... everything does start to look the same after a while, and there are certain areas that are very easy to get lost in. You're guaranteed to miss chests or skill points because things are so easy to overlook while simply trying to navigate your way through the area. The other extremely frustrating thing is that enemies respawn every time you leave that screen. So if you go into a cave that ends up having nothing in it, you'll have to encounter all the enemies you just fought again (most likely, most areas are pretty tight, with enemies that are hard to avoid). A mini-map featured in the corner of each map to show things like dead ends, opened chests, etc would have done this game wonders and made navigation much easier.I wish Steam allowed more space for these reviews, but they don't. So, for now I'm done ripping this game a new ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,326730,28110467,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Princessbinas,"I recommend this game for anyone who has a taste for fantasy RPGs and various concepts that are interwoven into a single game to make something new and fresh.This game has great music, I could honestly see myself just listening to it casually while working or going to sleep as it is also very soothing. Very nice melodies that bring the game to life.The artwork is very nice. In fact, each design invokes emotion. The Portal Demon actually scared me when I first played the game off the creator's site and Candy Mountain is one of my favorite areas aside from the sadly memory wiped Fureta Jungle (it actually looks like it is falling apart and ""shutting down"", adding to the emotions embeded in the situation).I honestly don't see anything to complain about in terms of the characters. Hellana is cute. Diamond is bravey. Christina is snarky. And Melrose is complex. I can actually relate a bit to Melrose as I have been severely bullied myself throughout my entire school career and I can easily sympathize with her on that note.EDIT (AFTER FINISHING):As for actual game play, this is very good. The ending was sad and funny at the sametime. Watching Melrose in the real world fall to her death on the left nearly made me cry and the happiness in the Dream World on the right was very uplifting. The two meshed well and kept me from bawling my eyes out for the whole house to hear.The storyline is still very good. Sure finding all of the ingredients for the good armor was tedious but well worth it. I still highly recomend this game. I am currently on the Plus Story now and still enjoying the music and art. Also, the Virginitphosbius (how ever you spell the third form of Farah that was once called Agraphobius) is easily the most distrubing, scary looking monster in the game. It beats the portal demon, hands down in design and representation.That's another thing, all the phobius represent a specific fear. Arachinphobius represents the fear of spiders while Agraphobius represents the fear of sexual abuse. Very clever there Rose Portal Games. It definitely show that they know quite a bit about pshycology. This game gets more brownie points from me!"
,Recommended,326730,16361712,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,AyaK4y,"I actually like this game, because it seems to have a neat story and well-conceived characters. Storyline and character's actions don't seem too stupid and unlikely.The mapping looks nice and not too dull, but its tedious to run around. Blocking items like plants and too long dungeons, where it's easy to get lost. While you are getting lost several times, you at least get to know every enemygroup. I even met some often enough to exchange names and phonenumbers.. but I'd appreciate if they won't show up ever again.When you finish a fight you can't move for about 2 seconds and/or the loot blocks you. In the meanwhile all the enemies around you CAN move and get near enough to attack you right after the last fight. That makes it almost impossible to avoid fights. Running around gets pesky.But at least it feels like it's made with some love. Probably because it has potential. Those fights just ruin it .."
,Not Recommended,326730,16433633,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Artimis Jay,"I truly wanted to like this game, (because, lets face it, I had already spent my money on it) but I just couldn't be drawn into it. I played for awhile, but no matter what happened no matter how close I felt I was getting to actual gameplay, the long, drawn out, and poorly written interactive novel that this game begins with was too much for me. maybe one rainy day i'll try to keep playing, but for now I cannot reccommend this game to anyone. well, besides maybve someone with too much time on their hands, who wants to wasted it harmlessly, but without any fun being had. This game is just short of being a chore to play.Controls2/10The controls were clunky, to call them unnatural would be putting it kindly. They were not impossible to use, but occationally frustraitingSoundtrack7/10The sounbdtrack was not bad, it was probably the best part, however it was also forgettable.Story6/10I admittedly did not make it through the complete story, but what I did see was not insufferable (although it did seem to be a little predictable). The direction it was going looked mildly promising, but it certainly didn't pull me in and make me want to playGameplay_/10I'm going to give this game the benefit of the doubt and say that i never got to real gameplay and what I saw was just a very boring tutorial of the combat system, at least I hope... i'm leaving this unrated."
76561198012221863,Recommended,326730,13040292,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Sparkbomber,"Okay, the game gets a few mixed reviews, but Whisper of a Rose is definitely a good addition to one's library of games. The in game art style is beautiful and shows a lot of consideration has been put into designing area's, characters, etc. There are a few rough spots though in gameplay, such as scripted scenes involving sprites getting stuck if char x moves in front of y by interference from char z. For example, in the museum's scene it is possible for Melrose to arrive at the door before the curator and thus blocking the trigger for the event's continuation.Similarly, if you escape a battle, enemy sprites will be reset to their original spawn points. If you happen to stand next to one you'll either have to fight and win or face game-over since Melrose's sprite is immobile immediately after a fight (probably because of the item drops needing to be calculated). Sounds bad? I can be. But! Even with those flaws the game is fun to play. The battle system feels reminiscent of Lunar SSSC, with animated battlers and variable music, the three selectable classes are balanced well thus far and your first summon is cute.I won't touch too much upon the story, as others have done that already, but like To the Moon this game has a unique appeal. I'd recommend it even to those sceptical of RM games in general."
,Recommended,326730,16923699,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Heavenly Kitten,"Whisper of the Rose is a slightly more mature version of Sweet Lily Dreams (also done by Rose Portal Games). The story revolves around Melrose who is in a harsh relationship with her (supposed) parents and rough school life. She thrives in happiness through her dreams and imagination. This ends up leading her to steal a device that allows one person to enter a dream world that may or may not be better for them.The story is common among many people and may even connect with those who might be in a similar state (or were). The game play is a little different than SLD, but is still an RPG Maker Game with simple RPG elements. The game has some great music and you can even get through it with little grinding if you are decent with these kinds of games. The variety of sidequests also help to make the game a little more interesting when you start getting tired of the main story events.Some of the game's plot can be a little too dull and may lead some people to give up early, but it ramps up the further you get into the game, making most people wanting to continue. The Skill Tree almost seems like a real tree. It has giant branches and is not the easiest to navigate, but once you get use to it, it is not that problematic. There is not a large variety of enemies, but each enemy  has different weaknesses no matter what type it is.There are other good ideas and bad moments in this game, but I will not spoil too much to give anyone interested in the game a chance to experience the game for themselves. There is a free guide online if you ever get lost or need some kind of help and exploration is always recommended. You may find things that you didn't know you could get early on that will help with your game play. All in All, the game is decent for an RPG Maker game and is definetly worth trying.7.2/10"
76561198035252612,Not Recommended,326730,13004586,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Lightless,"Immensely game-deprived at a certain point in time, I found Whisper of a Rose on Steam. My first thought was ""It looks very pretty. Immensely pretty, in fact. Whoever made the art for this game was very good."" Honestly, the trailer and blurb sounded so mundane and cliché ridden that I considered not giving this the time of day but I thought, maybe advertising the game was just harder than writing it? So I sat down and started playing it.Four hours later, I regret this decision. The writing the bland and cliché as it gets with only the slightest hint of self-awareness (which, I will not be afraid to admit, shows promise but I don't care enough to pursue it), the combat never gets anywhere, and it takes about three hours just to get the ability to upgrade your skills.But the WORST of it comes when you're going through Butterfly Forest. At one point, you're impeded by a group of butterflies that you're not allowed to touch else you get cursed. So what you have to do? BACKTRACK TO THE LAST LEVEL to get an item that will let you pass! Uggggggggggh... Fine, whatever. So I go back but the game misdirects me; I get dragonfly eggs instead of dragonfly droppings. Or maybe those WERE the dragonfly droppings but I'm not using them right. Either way, I don't know how to proceed.I can tell you now that, even if your JRPG well is so dry that your tears are literally the only things that allow it to hold any sort of liquid, Whisper of a Rose is not worth it. The art is pretty, though. Whoever made the art assets for this game, if you're reading this, you are fantastic. Sadly, good aesthetics does not a good game make and thus this game has effectively stolen $7.50 of mine that I'm never getting back."
76561198051530003,Not Recommended,326730,17394125,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,skullboy0401,"I had streamed this game with only a few viewers. We didn't get some of the early game. There was a lot unexplained, we felt. Like the bouncing around time, the awkward bathroom humor. The abuse was very mature, we didn't mind it but it was rough. I got to a point where I couldn't defeat the worm. I know the game prompted to train, kind of, but didn't really seem to offer a hell of a chance for it.Not sure how to rate game. At all. I'm going to go with a thumbs down, but maybe in the future it will improve or the next game the company puts out will be better."
,Recommended,326730,16193731,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,KeyboardDino,Really enjoying this SNES-style grindfest.  Challenging little puzzles.  25 hours in.  I will see this one through to completion.
,Not Recommended,326730,13279415,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Patty_StrikeXD | Gamdom.com,"This is game is very interesting and nice and easily get me play some more. But, my problem is the game on certain area. Like, some area are been block off.When I am the Love Tower (I forgot, what is called). When came to the second going down. It won't let me go down further, and their I am stuck, and before that their is a chest can I can't block my a invisible force.For Sure, Right about there i'll be stuck."
76561198163519956,Recommended,326730,13068068,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,gfollett,Loving the game...Not so much the strat guide in miirocle caves. Definately recommend game
,Not Recommended,326730,19298531,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,dzx,"Well, that was a waste of money. This game will not display properly on a 1920x1200 (24inch) monitor. You have the option to play in window mode, but you won't be able to read anything unless you're 6 inches from the screen. sigh.Also attempted to steam stream this to my MAC, it also does not display properly. What a waste.Don't buy, unless your machine is a 486 MX with 2MB graphics card. I think thats the MAX this game will allow."
76561198007023939,Not Recommended,326730,13851686,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Autumn Dust,Boring Game. Terrible Story.
,Recommended,326730,12989211,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,PyroPikmin500,"Good RPG so far, love the story so far. 9/10"
,Not Recommended,326730,13022753,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Eonart,"30 minute first impressions:Doesn't immediately suck like Sweet Lily Dreams. Battle system is good and the exposition is fairly good, if not a little lengthy. Level design is still awful though and the main character is a regular old airhead, which is not what I really expected from someone withabusive parents. Framerate is dreadful in certain areas probably from special effects abuse or event abuse which is a common issue that RPG Maker has, the power of your machine will have nothing to do with it since it's just the engine being unoptimized for that sort of function. No graphics settings like SLD had. Mouse control is still awful.Some nitpicks:Despite the ridiculous handholding on everything else (In which you have to reach a certain point in the first dungeon to be able to equip items after a tutorial for that (I also don't like this)), you're never told what the three starting classes do and what their differences are. The distinction between a warrior and a paladin is very ambiguous between games and even then, when I picked the summoner, I still ended up with a sword and board at the start.For some reason they got rid of the two main keyboard buttons I use for RPGM games.Reused music. Can't blame them since they're a small studio but considering the quality disparity between SLD and WoaR in other aspects, I was expecting no reused tracks.No improvement to the art style.---Anyways, already better than SLD by miles. I'll add more to this review when I get further into the game but I'm optimistic about it. Saying yes to recommendation because my thoughts on the game are fairly positive currently, if not just a mental trick from my experience with their first game being dreadfully awful and this game being pleasantly better.---Played until the first boss now and after it and now I really don't like it. Only buy if you REALLY like RPG Maker games because it comes with all the amateurish beginner decisions most RPGM games come with."
76561198066064028,Recommended,326730,12979570,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,God doesn't love us,"I like, I like it a lot!"
76561198016761758,Not Recommended,326730,12972912,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Soundlover,"Terrible game. Even to move its difficult.Update:I don't think I need to write a 1000 words review and wasting more of my time. I play latest graphic heavy games at full settings with no problem.I tried moving with keyboard and mouse. Moving is really difficult. This game is not worth it even if its free.Update 2:How can I play if its difficult to move? Not to mention that one keeps bumping into things.  There are other reviewers with this problem if you all can read.Also it does not has anything interesting.  If terrible alone is not enough, I can add that its also dull and boring."
76561198170638693,Not Recommended,326730,15191098,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,tunaman,controller wont work for items
