user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198028095122,Recommended,326840,12396085,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Case_Number,"It's a Mega Man Legends procedural.  There's a lot on offer already.  Every unfinished piece is still beatifully done, with signs pointing to a future filled with promising content.Oh and it's a frickin Mega Man Legends Procedural.  If they add a larger robot with a bubble head for Tronne Bonne I'll seriously freake out and possibly just die.  I already bought several copies for my friends though.  So feel free to kill me in this manner.  I give my full permission."
,Recommended,326840,12406293,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,(ISIG) JDEzekude,"Being a long-time hack-and-slash enthusiast, I asked myself last month ""What if somebody designed and developed a rogue-like Devil May Cry-like game?"" Thus, as if there was already an answer to this question, I stumbled upon ""Heart&Slash,"" a unique and dynamic mixture of action, combat, platforming and strategy.Despite being in its alpha phase (occassionally glitches will ensue), the game offers an intriguing amount of depth and variety with its simple but increasingly challenging combat and wide range of weaponry and obstacles. With up to 75 unique weapons to wield (each with its own set of attributes and upgrades), you'll find yourself pitted against a formidable variety of robotic enemies (occassionally equipped with destructible armour) in a bleak futuristic world.I've only played this game for about three hours on the alpha's release date, but I'm already enjoying it for its fast-paced action, dynamic combat and strong emphasis on variety and replayability."
,Recommended,326840,24816280,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,ShinTheKnight,"Heart & Slash is a Rougelike action platformer in which you travel through randomly generated dungeons in search for the plot.No, I meanseriously...You play as our hero, a robot named ""Heart"". A fitting title for a small protagonist,whose display monitor displays a heart image. Not much longer after just being assembled, you are told to ""Run"". Randomly attacked by various robots that for some reason want to kill you, you are given a random selection of weapons and aparrel to fight the threat off. From Baseball bats, Boxing Gloves and Fancy Suits to Rocket Hammers, Shotguns, and... Rubber Ducky outfits?(oh, and it gets even more weird, but I'll let you find that out on your own)Throughout the randomly generated levels, you are supposed to complete a sequence of events in a certain way to progress through the story. You will constantly find yourself at the ""end"" of the game and achieving bad endings before you finally build up to the true ending.Gameplay wise, the game performs excellent. There's a wide variety of weapons, and each weapon has their own distinct combat style (however some like the Boxing Gloves compared to Badboy Knuckles are simply a difference in attack speed and damage). All weapons and armor have upgrade paths, which are upgraded by junk parts collected from defeated robots.If you so chose, you are also given the option to ""Scrap"" weapons or armor pieces. This allows you to convert your gear into health. Sometimes you may end up almost dead in a boss fight, asking yourself if you should give up your shield, or your pistol to save your own skin. Upgraded weapons that are scrapped also give you more health in return.Performance wise, with my beast of a machine, the game runs almost perfect. However on rare occasions, I do notice very slight hickups when transitioning between some rooms, but I don't think that will be a big bother.As an Early Access buyer, I found this game very appealing. Through the process, I even helped a bit by finding some really odd bugs (I really miss the invisible Chainsaw glitch). I'm happy to finally see it released on Steam, and I highly recommend for people who like those rougelike games, that seem to be all the rage nowadays."
,Recommended,326840,24813800,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Karnevale,"i'm going to make a counter point to some of the other stated reviews here... the combat isnt slow AT ALL. in the beginnning of the game when you don't know what you're doing and don't have access to better unlocks, it might seem like you're having a harder time against enemies... but keep in mind that every enemy has an elemental weakness, and that if you don't have a weapon to fight a certain type of enemy, 9 out of ten times you can just roll away and run past them.besides that, i'm going to state my ACTUAL review! The games atmosphere is enchanting, the quests are interesting, and the bosses are beautifully designed!Pros:-FUN gameplay with many possibilities [ have the body of a rubber duck, dress pants, and a head that shoots lazers, weilding a giant rocket hammer!]-Steep but not impossible learning curve-an abundance of acheivements that you will unlock over time, as well as some that are harder to get that you might have to work for.-LOTS of replay value, for me, i want to go back right now and unlock the other characters, as well as use all of the available weapons and parts.Cons.-some weapons can be relatively unbalanced, like the ""vorpal dagger"" which pierces armor, deals crit backstabs, and basically teleports you behind an enemy. this dagger is FAR too powerful, whereas most of the gun weapons are worthless of entirely unviable for an actual run, most of the time if i see that it's a gun, i scrap it immediately-some of the most bizzare platforming issues i've seen in any game. tiny platforms combined with your character's absurd jump is... difficult-needs just a tad bit more diversity in terms of generation... in 12 hours i feel like i've seen every possible combination of room.... this isn't turning me away only because i'm still interested in the combat, but in terms of exploration, it could use work.overall, 8.5/10I would buy it at full price again if I could go back in time."
,Recommended,326840,24927824,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Altair22,"A roguelite Devil-May-Cry-esque character action game/spectacle fighter sounds like the perfect game.  This game is far from perfect, with issues like a way too fast movement speed and finicky jump controls (both of which make the platforming segments some of the worst I have ever encountered in a game), a god-awful camera, and combat with not quite as much depth as I could have wanted.However, there are hundreds of weapons and weapon combinations and armors to try out, each with their own upgrades and movesets and effects, from tiny fast daggers to giant maces and hammers, and all of them feel really good and fun.  Half the fun of this game is unlocking new weapons and trying them out, and there are a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton to play with, including a giant hammer that turns into a rocket that propels you horizontally or a firesword that shoots out fire trails.  There are dozens of armor pieces to unlock too (that you equip to your head, chest, arms, or legs), each with their own effects (including gravity bending or sticking to walls or, my personal favorite, a headpiece that shoots out a giant laser beam).  The dodge-evade feels good, as does dodge-canceling.  The music is pretty good.  There's a lot of enemy variety with some cool attacks, and the bosses are all pretty outstanding.The plot involving finding your ""Vergil"" analog and teaming up to stop the big bad and figure out what's going on was a neat little touch, and definitely encourages multiple playthroughs making different choices to get the various endings.  Also there are a lot of cool easter eggs, and the artwork and environmental design is great (it's hard to get lost because you just need to observe your environment and look for stuff that gives you clues as to the right path towards the boss, and these same environmental signs also give you clues as to which boss you're going to face at the end of the stage.  It's pretty ingenious).This game needs some unlockable combo moves in addition to the weapon upgrades/movesets (I miss my divekicks and stingers), jump-canceling, a better way to get a feel for the iframes of the dodge roll, a proper universal lock-on camera that isn't tied to some very specific head-armor pieces.  And tone down the movement speed and gravity a lot (your character moves and drops so fast that I ran into enemy attacks almost as constantly as I was able to successfully evade them).  I also wish it had a boss-rush mode and a pause screen that allowed you to bring up the full map of the area (that you've explored), the mini-map alone isn't quite enough.  I can also see a co-op mode being a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of fun.This game has a lot of HEART, however, so I don't want to SLASH at it too much.  I keep coming back to it because it's fun as ♥♥♥♥.  The devs put a lot of work into it, and they clearly cared about it.  I'm sure the devs can come back to it and tweak it a bit, but this was a good first effort and I can't wait to see what they do next.Also I'm recommending this because there's a weapon in the game named O&S that also has fire and electricity effects.  Like, come on, that's pretty ♥♥♥♥ing amazing."
,Recommended,326840,19728747,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Ghatak,"Slash- I can't let you go through, go back.Heart- I can't..the door's closed....Graphics- 10/10Music- 10/10Story is really basic- non existent.The gameplay is a bit clunky at the momnet but okay since t is early access, was excited to play this and have not been disappointed, a great game, recommended for everyone and especially hack and slash or rogue-lite fans. A few glitcches experienced as well.Waiting for the final release, all the best to development team for it.Heart and Slash- A highly recommended game."
,Recommended,326840,23782470,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,fri_freeman,The lovechild of Megaman Legends and Dark Souls that I never know I needed but I don't know how could I ever lived without it.
,Not Recommended,326840,25234397,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Captain Murphy,"Pros:Fast paced and enjoyable gameplayAn enjoyable soundtrack that fits with the gameCons:-A large variety of weapons, only a few of which are good or fun to use.-The good/fun items very rarely spawn.  Several runs in a row your first items will likely include the meat cleaver or rubber shield.-Only 3 levels, which get very repetitive very quickly-Only 5 bosses.  The first level bosses are actual fights, but the level 2 bosses are gimmicky and prolonged for no real reason.-The levels are much longer than they need to be and every room feels the same.-The randomness is done poorly.  Sometimes you'll have 10+ items generate in one level and other times you'll get none.-The game is full of run ending bugs.  I frequently clip out of the stage and then can't get back in.  Switching items can sometimes freeze you in place and end a run.  You will not be able to use your weapons sometimes for seemingly no reason.-The main quest requires several random rooms to appear to complete.  You can spend a decent amount of time trying to reach level 2 and then just have to give up because the room you need isn't there.-They recycle the same 6 or 7 enemies and just alter them slightly by giving them shields or armor.Summary:Heart & Slash is decently fun at first.  It's fast paced and until you get the hang of it it's fairly difficult.  However, once you beat the game for the first time you've seen pretty much everything it has to offer.  It becomes extremely difficult to lose.  You'll only want to use strong weapons, not because you need them to win, but because weaker weapons just take so long to kill basic enemies with.  Good runs will constantly end abruptly when you encounter one of several bugs that make you unable to continue.  This game had a lot of potential, but it wasn't polished very well.  The end result is a game that gets stale and frustrating very quickly.  If they do a major update and fix the bugs and balance issues, as well as add some free content, I would give it another shot.  If they don't I would pass on this one."
,Recommended,326840,24820579,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Super Monkey Ball 2,"feels REALLY weird at first, but once you get into the groove of things, it's an incredibly solid and fun game with a lot of replay value. the price is also very reasonable."
76561198041903158,Recommended,326840,20601761,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,MJRMasqu3rade,"More people need to play this game! I originally got the free Demo for this game (which contains a huge amount of gameplay compared to other demos), and after a long time playing decided that I needed to get the full game. I was definitely impressed by the smoothness of the fighting mechanics in this game, and the vast amount of equipment and weaponry that you unlock over time means that there's a variety of fighting styles to suit anyone. For a Roguelike, it can seem a bit on the more tame side after a long time of playing and learning enemy attack patterns, but for a newer player it definitely presents a great challenge and difficulty curve that lets people gain an understanding of how to take on certain enemies. There's a great amount of content in this game, and while many bugs are present, the developers are admirably active with their players and are always working to improve the game or fix bugs where they can. It's a trait that you don't see very often with some indie developers out there nowadays, and I'm thankful that they work so hard to make the game the best it can be. With a great and fairly lengthy story, excellent gameplay, and tons of content, this is probably the first game where I've felt really compelled to complete the WHOLE game and try out every weapon. This game is money well spent, and I hope the developers keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,326840,24807934,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,ChunkyButternut,"Tight controls, random but limited loot, a combat system that encourages weapon diversity, and an aesthetic absolutely to die for. Some things are clunky, but usually excusable and infrequent. This game is an experience that you will sink hours into, and is one of the best indie games of the year so far. I plan to play much more of Heart and Slash, and am hoping for future development on its mechanics."
,Recommended,326840,24961118,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Middle School Trap God,"This game is great. It's everything I wanted from Necropolis, but isn't a huge disappointment.It's a cute game with a wonderful soundtrack. There's lots of weapons and items to unlock, 5 hidden classes, and 3 levels total. The 3 levels may sound like not that much, but it's honestly the perfect length. Any more and I feel runs would start to get too long, like Necropolis' 9 levels. I can see myself putting many more hours into it. Little rough around the edges, but very much worth your time.THE GOODTONS of weapons/passive with a lot of variety in movesets.Swap between your main and alt weapon to perform different combosI love the art style. Pixel style is neat. And with the music and level design it feels like you're playing an old bomberman game.Boss variety is good.Runs don't go very long. 20-40 minutes.Story quests are in the game that you will complete over many runs.Interesting health design. Heath pickups are low, but you can recycle unused items for health. I beat the final boss my first time only because i recycled everything i was wearing but my weapon mid fight.Lots of great little details that add to the overall charm of the game. Examples: Dumbell weapon that turns your idle animation into pumping iron(they're also OP as ♥♥♥♥), ""Italian"" Boots that turn your jump animation into Mario and let you do damage by jumping on people's head.THE NOT SO GOODA bit buggy. You sometimes clip into the level, or textures pop in.Camera is a bit jerky at times.The jump/platforming parts are rough. While jumping it can be tough to see where you land, and the camera jerks a bit sometimes. It's a rare problem, but extremely exacerbated on the 3rd level.Generally a bit rough around the edges.All of these honestly lead to bad first impressions, but after 30 mins i got used to most of it and had a blast."
76561198122751781,Recommended,326840,12559719,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,rusick01,"I think Heart and Slash is the best pixilated, robotic, rough like game to this day. I have found few games that I can only have fun on (I mean not agrivate me into rage-quitting). Thisis the best game for those who enjoy bashing and beating robots and other creatures with several kinds of differing weapons, each with their own perks."
,Not Recommended,326840,25309039,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,The Good Sir Hatter,"The gameplay of this game is pretty fantastic. It's fast, it has high combo potential, the weapons are all varied and cool, I really enjoy it.Too bad it's not ready to be called a 1.0. Textures in the levels level Z-fight like crazy, you can clip outside of intended areas a bit, and I just lost all the progress on a run because the loading screen appeared and then failed to go away so I could view the stage. This game is going to be amazing, as soon as they fix all these bugs."
,Recommended,326840,24873022,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,NeogioX,"As close to Megaman Legends 3/Zelda/Dark Souls as I'm gonna get. And I love it. I can never stop playing this game once I start. I honestly map out my day around this game if I want to play it. I need to make sure I'm not supposed to do something important before I think about starting playing this. Because I'll never stop until I fall asleep from mental exaustion lol I love this game! :DAddendum: Thre's a boss I ran into randomly that I can't run into again for some reason. I fought it and lost. It was the clone of me or something that mutated and got stuck to a larger green robot monstrosity. So cool. Great idea for a boss. Honestly, I play this game to run into more moments like that, the build-up for it was epic. I don't usualy play indie games, but man, when an indie game gets it right, it gets it right. And I get chills. Keep up the great work going out to the developers. :) Very happy about this purchase :)"
,Recommended,326840,13705789,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Jsshinoda,"I wanted to (early access) review this game not to just say how amazing it is, but to help support this game on showing how good, no, how ♥♥♥♥ing amazing this game is and how great it will become.First off, this is a big one for most people, is the amazing developers. They don't just make content, they listen to your ideas, your opinions, what you like about the game and what ideas you wish they could do. They may not be a massive team but they have so diiligent on not just working on the game but what you want as a group of people. They may not be able to update fast but they are doing what they can and besides, the content they already have is amazing.Second, the gameplay. The gameplay is something that you would play dark souls for, it's hard, it's crazy, you'll have to learn to do split second actions and have reflexes of bruce lee (not literally), as you dodge, bob and weave, slash, hack, smash, and decimate your enemies. It's gauranteed you will die, a lot, I mean not everyone is perfect enough to go through all of this without dying. But that's what makes it fun, that's what makes it satisfactory, that's what gives you that feel good when you, the player, struggle to get through it, because this isn't one of those games where the fun is ruined when you can just save and then start over, you can do something stupid because you have a save, no, this is a game where works you hard but when you are done, you look at your work, once you finally beat that boss or clear that whole map with full health, it feels good, it feels victorious. As for the fighting, there are a variety of weapons to choose from. Some weapons are balanced, some maybe are not but they are still working on ways to improve them. You get a naga (blade on a pole stick), meat cleaver, thunder hammers, boxing gloves <3, O and S (I call them god gloves, they weild lightning and fire), and not just the weapons but the parts where you can turn invisible, launch missiles, smash people into the ground, get more exp to upgrade stuff faster. Each minion is tough in a way so you can't just consider them an easy kill (unless it's one all alone) as each one can hurt you greatly.All in all, it's dark souls but actually polished, play for it's hardcore gameplay and badassery, have fun, but it's actually well made and great. (and it's still possible to beat)Third, there is a lot of stuff not there, of course it's early access, but that's where YOU, THE PLAYER, CAN HELP. Buying this game will not just help it, but will also help mold it. These developers want to hear your feedback, they want to make this game so good, it gets overwhemingly positive reviews. Maybe I'm just making up this stuff, but you can still help and they still listen and they do it.  You don't just buy it, tell them hey there's this glitch there, hey these robots are pretty powerful. Ever thought of this idea, hey maybe you might be there new Isaac Newton, make them realize something they never thought of to make this game even better than it's already amazing state.Yes it is 25 dollars, but I can gaurantee you that this game is worth it, even when not on sales. As it does already have a good amount of content, (one to two levels has quite a lot of stuff to not just try but a lot of different robots to smash)  they still have more to add. It's like an investment you make, once you invested in it, you slowly watch it build over time. Then you come back to it if you got bored before and you think... wow. This has became so much more.Fourth, just this game is amazing, buy this game if it appealed to you, if not check it out later once it has grown. It's amazing, it's kick♥♥♥♥♥ I mean I could spout on how awesome it is. Did you know they have a chest piece where if you hold the buttons it launches a rocket (or rockets) out of your chest. Did you know that the bosses are actually going to be large and actually frightening, not the typical castlevania bosses where wailing on them is key to win, but dodging their missiles, attacking their weakspots is the way to beat them. Did you know there is actually plans, weaknesses, ways to kill most enemies. This is basically a megaman game, where the game isn't impossible and nothing is ridiculous or random, it's gauranteed you could beat the WHOLE GAME with full health. Just you aren't skilled enough to do so, because it's so much. Like you could have easily dodged the bullets in megaman. But not everyone does. That's how this game is. There's also a crap ton of weapons that just make it so much fun, the thunder hammer to crush your foes, the short gun, the boxing gloves, flaming slicers, and already wide variety of stuff. They plan on having 75 weapons in the end game (they have 25 at the moment) and already have a huge variety of enemies. Grunts, larger grunts, these super cop walker mechs with missiles, lasers, and electric explosions, mortars, worms, ninja robots, junk bots made out of trash and metal. The maps are random, they are always different but the layouts are always so interesting. Stage 2 is two different lands conjoined. So let's say you beat the first boss and go to the sewers, it's possible for you to reach the city through the sewers, so that's interesting. Just wow, this game is great, just please at least check it out and if you don't buy it check back later. There's probably so much I missed when talking about this gameThank you for reading."
76561198047669418,Recommended,326840,20739536,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,TiltOnJam,"Okay, It took me a long time to decide if i should buy this game or not. $25 JUST for a game that isn't even fully released? Haha, no thanks. But when you buy this game, you aren't paying $25 for a game that isn't fully releaed, you are funding a developer that made an awesome 3-D brawler roguelike, which I have NEVER seen so perfectly executed by this game. The HUGE variety of weapons and a complimentary HUGE amount of parts! Oh! The combination! The unforgiving nature of having spent an entire day's worth of experience on one run only to have been overwhelmed and lost all that time... Bu~ut most likely after spending that much time and expereince you have unlocked a whole new set of armor, ten more weapons, and still ended with a few extra expereince to try again. All in all, it's worth it, and hats off to AHEARTFULOFGAMES for this awe inspiring title. Keep up the good work, guys."
,Recommended,326840,13972679,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Sean6258,"IntroductionAn amazing game so far. Got it quite recently and have been having a lovely time with it. Disregard a few bugs and polish/balance issues, and I think it's already perfect. The game is quite similar to Megaman Legends, or so I've heard. I haven't played Legends, so I wouldn't know. Like many other games of it's kind, it's a skillful hack and slash. A majority of the time, people wouldn't see both attributes together, but nevertheless, it works. Diablo or God of War are also other examples of ""skillful hack and slashes"". It requires to pay attention to when you have to dodge an enemy's attack. You can't mash buttons and expect to win.Gameplay (8.5/10)Now on to the actual characteristics of the game. The game itself has many different weapons and clothing items (and more on the way). Each one has a different purpose, and all of the weapons feel different in some way.Enemies' ""weakness"" is determined by color, and depending on the color, you use physical or elemental attacks. However, it can get confusing at times when you encounter an enemy color you haven't seen before. Not being able to roll/dodge when you're in the middle of attacking is quite frustrating as well, but it seems as if developers have taken note.Music (10/10)Next, the soundtrack is the most underrated part of this game, in my personal opinion. I have not heard anyone talk about it or praise it, but I think Michael Chait (composer) deserves a round of applause. If you would like a listen, I suggest going to M Chait's Soundcloud page or take a look at the trailer. I will definitely be following his work from now on.Art Style (9/10)Now, the art style is an interesting part of the game. The game decides to take a sort of ""cell-shaded"" look. It looks quite nice, but it seems to be quite taxing on your computer. Mine, at least. If you have a beefy computer, you should be fine.ConclusionLastly, if you're not interested in the game by this point of the review, I really wouldn't recommend it to you. And to those of you still interested, I would only say that you should be wary and remember that the game is in early access. There will be bugs and there will be balance issues. Remember this isn't a finished product. If you can get past all of that and are looking for a pleasurable experience, I would definitely recommend this game to you. On a sidenote, the developers are very polite and listen to a majority of problems players have with the game if they report them on the Steam forums/discussions page. If you are playing the game, don't be afraid to offer some constructive criticism. I'm sure the developers would be interested in knowing what kind of issues players are having.As of now, I would rate this game an 8/10"
76561198067835068,Recommended,326840,15664561,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,The Mental Health Zoo,"Very good game. Very good. I wasn't expecting much and I was blown away. Binding of Isaac and DMC( Devil May Cry) had a 3rd person hack-n-slash baby and this is it. A surprisingly good game, especially for an early build. Lots of potential, lots. Could use some optimization. It tends to have a MASSIVE drop in frame rate towards the ends of the levels(the more rooms you go into the more the game is loading so yeah). A way of setting how many rooms your computer keeps loaded at one time would be more than a little handy. Other than that the game only has early access type glitches (textures fading in and out, falling through the map, Etc.) Very fun, very frantic, very recommended by me. A solid 8/10. and that's including full release games. Very good. Go buy. Now."
76561198044972340,Recommended,326840,20917428,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Necropolis,"Hey, do you like robots and swords? No? alright. Robots with swords, hammers, axes, guns and some other stuff? Still no? Just get it."
,Recommended,326840,17481572,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Bobdul Thundercuck,"I feel like I'm playing an N64 game in all the best ways. I can't vouch for the amount of content, as I haven't gotten all that far, but this game feels like it's worth the money. The combat is smooth, and somewhat difficult. There are a few minor issues that I've run accross, but nothing that breaks the core of the game. (Ocassionally the a actual weapon wont spawn upon hitting replay, just need to start via the main menu)The combat is really smooth and fun. It's a very pure game, and it makes me happy to see something like this being created.Buy it!"
,Recommended,326840,14499483,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Shotgun Crocodile,"Do I recommend this game?  Yes yes yes, one-thousand times yes.Heart&Slash is a beautiful and artistic game perfect for all Rouge-Like and Hack-And-Slash lovers alike.  This game has it all; randomly generated, wonderously varied level design, unique enemies, smooth and satisfying fighting mechanics, a wide variety of weapons and tools, an easy upgrade system that feels surprisingly balanced, and to top it off a soundtrack to end all soundtracks.The music in this game should be a reason alone to buy this.  Beautifully composed, so elegantly played, the artist is a pure genius.  I sincerely hope that we will get the chance to buy the soundtrack when the game is released.For an early access game, this already has a lot of content and surprisingly not as much recognition as it deserves.  It has an almost classic appeal to it and I expect this to be nothing short of greatness.  Keep up the fantastic work!"
,Recommended,326840,20876698,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Gumball Watterson,Buy it buy it. It's the best most underrated game on the entire Steam Store. It's like Megaman LegendsxDevil May CryxRogue Legacy in one sweet package. Who cares if it's 25 dollars? This is the only indie game that could sell for that pricepoint and get away with it because Heart&Slash is just that good.
76561198035587244,Recommended,326840,21552988,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,MrGrimace,The fighting is really satisfying and there are a lot of cool weapons. Don't let early access scare you away from this gem of a game.
,Recommended,326840,21720812,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,スマッグ・クント,"I've enjoyed seeing this game be updated, changed, and reworked into what it is now. With catchy music, spectacular pixel art, and a plot that progresses with each playthrough, Heart&Slash is a must-buy for pixel/beat-em-up enthusiasts.10/10 would love again."
,Recommended,326840,23388188,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Mac,"Back about a year ago I decided to look around on some indie game sites, and I found the demo of a game that was extremely amazing, and that of course was this game. I love it dearly, and would recommend it to anyone who has the time to pick it up, however, a few things need to be worked upon, some not as major as others, but some in need of DESPERATE attention.Pros:-Fantastic Soundtrack, I listen to it all the time.-Addictive Combat system-Creative world and lore-An overall sense where if you fail, its entirely your fault. (mostly)Cons:-Added to rarely-The Occasional enemy and EXP output glitch-The frustratingly game breaking clipping in the sewer and city areas.All in all, I can recommend this fun action-packed game to anyone, just warn them that if they get past the facotry level, odds are you'll encounter a glitch that completely stops all motion in the game."
76561198118664988,Recommended,326840,25538110,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Snuggleupagus,"tl;dr buy it. It's good♥♥♥♥♥♥GameplayPlays like DMC, with weapon switching mid-combo and an emphasis on style and movement. Each weapon has a grounded and aerial moveset, with light and heavy attacks that can be strung together to create combos and perform finishers. Weapons take the form of swords, axes, blunt objects, fists, guns, explosives and much more, and armour is divided into 4 pieces - the head, body, arms and legs - each with its own effects that can be activated and amplified via the game's scrap and upgrade system. H&S will throw a whole bunch of enemies at you, all with their own combat styles, damage-type strengths and weaknesses signified by distinct visual differences in colour, and variations in armour and loadout, so you'll need to come to grips with battle mechanics and enemy colour-coding to battle optimally and not just stand there bashing a resistant enemy with the wrong weapon all day as it shrugs off your hits and swings back. They attack relentlessly, but also telegraph obviously so no death is unfair. They can also attack each other, so take advantage of LoS and mob intelligently!VisualsThe game is visually reminiscent of the Megaman Legends series on PS1, with a blocky, pastel look that's absolutely gorgeous and artistically timeless. Easily the most objectively appealing aspect of the game. Each of the 3 levels has a very distinct visual style, with the first being set in a factory with dull metal tones constrasted by flickering neon signs, pulsing alarm sweepers and variable lighting between rooms alive with activity as the factory-line performing its tireless work, the second being set in ruined city streets and the sewers below at various times of the day, with the streets and scalable highrises peppered by scorchmarks, upturned cement, barricades and signage alluding to the chaotic fighting that occured prior to the game's setting, and the third being set in the sky and upper atmosphere on a gigantic elevator that you ride up to confront the primary antagonist while hopping between cargo lifts and solar panels. Hitsparks and particle effects are bright and well-animated. Enemy designs are interesting and visually distinct, and bosses are extremely memorable. Really good stuff.MusicAbsolutely incredible music helps to set a whimsical overall tone and establish mood in each scene, along with setting the protag's character. It's just so upbeat you can't help but enjoy yourself, the encounter and boss music is suitably energetic and exciting, and the few times where the game utilises white space, such as in the second level when navigating between the city streets and sewers via subway terminal, and just prior to each boss battle as you approach, really make an impact on you. Effects are just as you'd expect, evoking of that bygone era in console gaming that the game is designed to represent. Nothing special but it complements the visuals perfectly. I'd just like to advise that you can buy the OST from BandCamp for almost half what they're asking of you here on the Steam page, so if you want to pick it up for yourself (which you should, it's amazing), buy it there, not here.Other StuffThe procedural generation doesn't add much to the game since there are only 3 levels and about 6-7 unique rooms for the generator to throw around per level, but it makes new runs interesting, and prevents each level from devolving into rote memorisation and map-watching as with many other 3D brawlers.The best part about starting a new run is seeing what cool weapons and equipment you'll get since there's an absolute ton of them and you won't see even 1/10th in a single playthrough. New stuff is unlocked by completing achievements, which are tied to destroying a certain number of enemies, defeating bosses, progressing in missions... just about anything you can think of has an achievement and corresponding unlock.StoryThe story, such as it is, plays out like your typical ""fight against the system"" narrative and the two main characters have a ""will they or won't they"" dynamic that, while cute, can be infuriating due to the sheer awkwardness of the dialogue between them. The story is told by way of missions that you can seek out and complete while running between rooms, with a few requiring you to exercise pacifism and think outside the box to successfully complete. Multiple endings help to facilitate replayability and reveal the plot in its entirety, and character dialogue can change depending on your actions in the previous run. Mission progress is stored globally so if you fail to locate a new mission or the requirements don't generate, you can continue from where you left off in the next run. Make sure you play the tutorial, since the plot is framed there and three important characters to the narrative are introduced, two of which you're all but required to know for the story's plot and concluding twist to make sense.... so is it any good?Overall it's a fantastic game. There are a few bugs here and there but nothing awful, and the most recent update has remedied the worst of the run-ending ones. The game could also use some additional content by way of new levels to traverse and explore, but it's already well worth the asking price so future additions would just be icing. Maybe DLC? Who knows.Absolutely recommended!P.S. there's mario armour that makes you jump like the portly plumber and allows you to damage enemies by stomping on themhttp://i.imgur.com/HxQJiPq.jpg<3<3<3"
,Recommended,326840,24815845,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,ken,"my initial reaction was mixed. then i started unlocking weapons and equipment, beat the first boss, and something just clicked- 4 hours later i'm writing the review. for those complaining about the combat- play a few times to unlock more weapons. it opens up the game tremendously. and if you find the head piece that lets you see enemy health, you can see that different weapons varying damage to different enemy types.if i got this in the n64/ps1 era i'd be happy to have spent $50. it's a rougelike that feels like a mashup of megaman legends and super mario 64 at times. i was suprised by the variety in playthroughs as well (see: the second boss). i feel like i should have had to pay more.my only complaint is the feel of the third level- it plays a bit different than the first two stages, and almost feels like it is engaging a different part of your brain. i'm not quite sure what to change (only played it twice). the second time i had a leg piece that made getting around the platforming parts easy. for $13.49 (<$3/hr so far today), i'm still very happy with my purchase."
,Not Recommended,326840,24802717,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Officer Bananas,"First-off I want to say that this game looks GREAT.I love the low-poly art style this game uses and I would love to see more games with similar simple, yet crisp designs.This game gives me a bit of a Megaman Legends vibeHeart&Slash is a rougelite character-action game, which is definitely something I was excited to try out.To explain why I'm giving this game a thumbs down, I need to compare it to the games it clearly takes inspiration from.In other character-action games like Devil May Cry or Metal Gear Rising, your character is nimble and controls feel tight right from the start. In Heart&Slash, your character runs surprisingly-fast, however combat feels surprisingly slow and clunky. It's not unbearable, but it's underwhelming for sure.This slower combat frustrates me because I can see that the rougelite/RPG elements of this game reward the player with faster attacks over time, but to me it comes off feeling like the game is intentionally kneecapping it's own controls just to have something to something to give the player later on.I would much prefer that Heart&Slash be a fun game with rewarding upgrades and unlockables rather than a dull game that tries to convince the game that it will eventually get fun."
76561198072708468,Recommended,326840,13290079,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Moth Saber,"I've only played this game for a little while, but I'm already in love with it. The different weapon and gear combination are way beyond the usual minor stat upgrades I would have expected. I especially love the armor peice that slows down time when you're standing still. My only beef with this games so far is the difficulty spike from normal enemies to the bosses. Then again, I've only seen one boss and the game is still in early access, so it's not much of a complaint all things considered"
76561198059964213,Recommended,326840,33031502,Posted: 30 June,all,Merol,"I honestly love this game so far and am probably gonna keep playing it, but there's just bits of it where it's me and there's bits where it's the game that I can't handle.  Getting hit is easy if you don't know what you're doing, and it'sveryunforgiving with proper healing.  And the game's end?  Currently sitting in a softlock of the second boss being dead but the game was in the middle of changing the boss's vulnerability time with recovery time as I killed it, so RIP this run.Aside from that?  Visuals are great, the combat is challenging in a fair way (aside from landing heavy dagger hits mid-air >.<), the music is phenominal that I just can't wait to get to the next areajustto hear the theme, and it's a pretty nice game overall.Flaws? sure, yeah, stuff like Z-fighting happens easily and sometimes weapons are a pain to handle compared to others.But if the game is updated since this post, then I'd recommend it 8.6/10"
,Recommended,326840,35216597,Posted: 25 September,all,Father,its a enjoyable game. just really difficult idk maybe im just bad at videogames. try it out you wont regret it.
,Recommended,326840,24904434,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Bob,"I adore this game and hell I agree with people saying it's quite like Mega Man Legends even the first few seconds of the menu music sounds similar to Mega Man Legends 2's title theme, but the combat feels like Kingdom Hearts at least for me.The weapon variety is awesome you can have a shotgun, a sword, and even training weights as your weapons, there's even Zero's z-saber from the Mega Man Zero series.  You can have shields too to parry enemies and block.  Also the body pieces have their own abilties from a head that targest multiple enemies and shoots homing missiles to a body that allows you to shoot cannon balls to legs that allows you to turn invisible and hide from enemies.  There are many combos that you can do with the different weapons which can help you defeat certain enemies with ease.There are some nintendo easter eggs as well.This game is meant to be played with a controller.  I find it quite hard to control when I tried using a mouse and keyboard, but people have their preferences.  The camera controls are not a problem for me in my opinion, it seems fine on an Xbox 360 controller.The story is quite interesting and as a rogue-like it works.  The death doesn't feel permanent for me or unfair.  I feel like that whenever you die you just get rebuilt in the factory again and again and again until you find a way to destroy Quassy once and for all, that is if you didn't kill a certain someone.  Even the game is aware that you're going to have to replay the game again if you talk to that certain character at a certain point.  I even noticed a difference in Quassy's dialogue in a second playthrough after defeating him the first time.There are 2 bosses in each stage except for the last stage and you can take different paths on the map to reach either of those bosses.  It doesn't matter which boss you choose to fight, as long as you kill them you're fine.There are some texture bugs I have seen such as z-fighting on wall textures and on some ground textures, but they are pretty rare for me.  The problems I have is when the camera glitches out and stays in one spot as if I'm playing Resident Evil 1 or sometimes the game would freeze completely and all I can do is go to the pause menu and exit to the main menu.  These problems might be caused by alt-tabbing though.Also I forgot to mention how amazing the soundtrack is!I recommend this game, it's worth the money and your time."
,Recommended,326840,24969996,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Capperclawed,"Heart and Slash is a Full Suit Without a Tie.Alright, I'll start with the blunt of it. I would recommend this game. I may have beaten it within the first two days I bought it, and this isn't out of grinting it, but I would for sure recommend this game to anyone who needs a good 3D roguelike. The only issue I have with the game is the story feels... lacking? I can't quite pin it down, but much like a suit without a tie, its masterfully built and looks fantastic. Its just missing the thing that completes it, and until then, something seems off.Controls - They're super tight, there's no getting around that. Some weapons throw you around the room like rogue food in a cafeteria, but nothing that is impossible to control. The jumping seemed super strange and stilted at first, but it lends itself to the in air combat the game has a huge hand in.Visuals - If you're anything like me, you like hot pixel ascetic that brings you back to the vhs age. The hard edges and rough pixel textures that this game that always stay within its own style set, and on top of that, always look glorious. I love the visuals in this game and that's just a fact. Character designs are all adorable, yet menacing if they need to be.Soundtrack - Again, one of the quality elements this game has to offer. Though you're going to be hearing the same songs an awful lot, considering they're only three levels. Each one fits its environment well, and the loops don't feel droning enough to be a nuisance. My only complaint is I wish the level music varied; considering how many times you'll have to revisit the levels to get all of the unlocks, (you know... If you're into that sort of thing), The soundtrack might get stuck in your brain in a not-so-good sort of way.And most importantlyGameplay - I wouldn't call it addictive, but it would be a crime to say its not fun. The combat is fast paced, and with the flow of the levels you can pick your own battles. You're going to have to fight if you want to upgrade your gear (which you can also scrap for health if needed), but if something seems a little too over leveled for you, you can run from it and come back later. This combat to money, money to upgrade points, points to weapons, weapons to health system is a super neat way of tying a lot of what could be frayed elements together in this game, and all in all balances itself out well.Issues - Every now and again I would ome across a glitch. Nothing... Game breaking, but once a boss got stuck in a wall to the point where I had to restart my round because neither of us could damage each other in this locked room. That would be the hardest glitch I encountered. Every so often there might be a gross flickering texture overlap, or maybe a model would clip into itself really hard, but besides those the game performs quite well. I predict a few heavy patches later down the road.The Missing Tie - Alright IM going to try and convey this in a spoiler free format, but long story short, this game has more than one ending. But both endings (the ""true"" one feeling a bit more in tune with the story) feel slightly... Empty. In the context of the game either ending doesn't make a ton of sense, and to follow, the third act of the game gets relatively simple once you come out of the harder second level. They don't feel like a cop out, the endings ARE endings, but neither feel like a proper cap to a very fulfilling game about dicing robots until there are no more robots left to dice.All in all, yes I would recommend this game, but my goodness I hope they add in a patch later. Be it a more fleshed out final act or some general engine fixes, the game could use some. Otherwise, the game is fantastic, and I would indeed recommend it.Love you, FRANK-Y."
,Recommended,326840,25025645,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Squidbaby,"A super cute rogue like/lite hack and slash. I never expected to feel so much love and compassion towards robots until I played this. It's a very vibrant game with great and simple graphics, I really enjoyed the comic style text with attacks and explosions. The main playable robots themselves remind me heavily of Canti from Fooly Cooly, being an interesting design and allowing to add more cuteness in the heart on Heart's screen. There are plenty of weapons and body parts to unlock for your runs, and a fair few movesets, I've found a few weapons share movesets but usually they serve another purpose than the others with said moveset. With all the weapons and body parts you can get some pretty interesting combinations, cannon body, rocket launcher head, a dagger that lets you leap behind and deal bonus backstab damage, a sword that disregards armour and plenty of other things.There is a simple xp and upgrade system enemies drop bolts (usually 1, bosses drop 10) you need 10 bolts for a scrap box and then each item needs different amounts of scrap boxes to upgrade them. The upgrades themselves can seem a bit vague, not telling you exactly what they do like ""Hits hard"" does it deal more damage, more knockback/down, both? IDK. But to be fair you should have enough scrap boxes to upgrade all you want and then a few spare left over. It's got challenge but it's not a hard game to pick up, it's quite short but the replayability is very good. I got this a couple days ago, sank 9 hours into it, the next day I sank 10 hours into it. I've got to say I'm rather hooked.Do I recommend this? Yes I wholeheartedly say without a doubt this is a good game to buy any time. It has bugs, a few of them game breaking (sometimes you get stuck forever) but usally I've never felt frustrated by the bugs, I just restart a new run. When I've died or had to restart I've never been annoyed or frustrated, this game seems to be able to keep you calm even in a situation that is annoying.Also I haven't mentioned the music yet, I loved it all it was fitting and fun I could lsiten to it all for hours... Well I kind of have, haven't I? but really this is a game I suggest getting the OST for, if not from steam then definitely go to the composers bandcamp and pick it up (for a cheaper than on steam)This is worth your money if you're a fan of hack and slash, roguelikes and/or cute and stylish games."
,Recommended,326840,28947009,Posted: 2 January,all,Treble Clefy,An exceptional hacknslash game with a soundtrack worth mentioning. Boarderline none-linear story and randomly generated areas makes this game feel like it was made just for me.Worth the buy and then someget it
,Recommended,326840,33620564,Posted: 17 July,all,ShadowMario64,"I first encounted Heart&Slash in a Vinesauce Stream. About 10 minutes in I stopped watching and bought the game. The game itself is a Rogue-like 3D Brawler. You'll be running into rooms taking out baddie after baddie and earn bolts for it. The bolts play into a major game mechanic, which is the ability to upgrade both yourself and your weaponry. What you can also do in the game is Recycle an item you have to restore health. You then start to wonder what weapons to scrap when low on health and such. The choice becomes even harder when the better an item is and the more you upgrade it the more hearts it restores. This means that you may have to get rid of a vital piece of equipment to keep on living.The game itself provides a lot of weapons and armor, and each weapon is unique in its own way. Even if the weapon is just an elemental reskin, Heart performs different actions with them. Each new run starts you off with 3 different items, this causes a slight issue where the enitre run is determined by your 3 starting items. You may end up getting really good or really bad items. Of course you'll encounter more equipment on the way but it may be some time until you do, as the level layouts are randomly generated. However, the game will begin to grant you bolts if you do choose to begin a new run after you have died.The game's soundtrack is a blast to listen to, and also helps with motivation. Even when I'm down to half a heart the catchy tune of the Factory or the Sewers keeps me going. And you'll need all the motivation you can get, as this game is hard. You'll find yourself dying over and over again. The game doesnt have any checkpoints so you'll find yourself being sent back to the start of the game constantly. While this is understandable, as this game is a rogue-like, an option where you can start from the second major area would be nice, only if to complete secondary objectives. Another issue it how long this game takes. It takes a long while to get from the starting area to the final boss, and the game doesnt have any save feature, meaning you'll have to end your current run and start from the begining if you want to quit playing. Some sort of continue feature would be nice to have.All in all this game is a fun challenging game with a great soundtrack, amazing weapon variety, and story shoruded in mystery. I'd recomend this game to any fan of rogue-likes and brawlers."
,Recommended,326840,24895090,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Lucksoar(NothingInstalled),"EDIT: Turns out there is a lock-on system, and I just didn't know it, I just thought that button was used to center your camera. Honestly that just make the game even better, though I do recommend dropping a bit of a better tip about the lock-on in the tutorial.--old but still viable review below--Fun rougelike/rouglite that has a ton of pluses, with in my opinion only one or two minuses. To start with, great controls, very responsive and simple to learn and remember. The game is fairly well optimized, though I hit a couple of jitters when there was a lot on screen at times. The difficulty is certainly there, though it's not harsh enough to turn someone off from playing.Now my biggest issue with this game while playing with a controller is the camera. It's usually fine, and adjusts well, I found that using a regular Xbox controller worked better than my Steam controller in this department. However, the camera likes to get stuck in walls when fighting too close to them, and honestly I feel that this game would do well to have some sort of lock-on system, especially for the guns.These aren't deal breakers though, and honestly once you get used to the camera, it becomes barely noticeable.Overall, a solid game with some cute graphics and a nice soundtrack. an easy 8.5-9/10"
,Not Recommended,326840,24811028,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Yusu,"I've got four major problems with this game's gameplay:a) The combat is pretty slowb) Your hits don't feel like they have any impactc) Your imputs appear to have a certain amount of delay (this one might be on my end only, I don't know)d) All enemies take a lot of hitsWhile none of these three make a game bad by itself (e.g. Dark Souls and it's slow combat), the combination of them is pretty much a death sentence, at least in my opinion.It's just not very satisfying to me to keep on hitting an enemy for 30s until they go down, with no indication of any damage being done - apart from them getting knocked down, which isn't all that satisfying either."
,Recommended,326840,23852044,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,bastage,"Love it.I'm still early into things (relatively) but it feels like the best cross of rogue and a game called ""Gotcha Force"" from the Gamecube days.Need to keep playing and let them get out of early access before a full review but am happy with what I've already gotten out of the game and looking forward to whatever is added."
,Recommended,326840,23935562,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Cutethulhu,"Honestly, I like this game so far. I'm not that far in, just defeated Slash for the first time. It has a little bit of an issue with the camera, but that'll probably be changed/worked with in the near future, it still is an Early Access game at the time of writing this.So, here's the good and bad stuff.Pros:+ Cool little story. You're not given much at the beginning of the game, most of the beginning of the plot is put in the tutorial, but it leads into how some of the enemies are set-up to be against you.+ Music. The music for this game is really good, at least for my tastes. I love electro stuff, and as you're wandering around the areas, you'll listen to some really good, kind of hoppin' music. I caught myself humming the tune of the first area's music the other day, which then prompted me to come back and play more fo it.+ Weapons. Apparently, there's a whole ton of different weapons in this game, all of which are unlocked by defeating enemies or completing certain tasks like completing arenas or just talking to Dr. Sympathy. And they're some really silly weapons you can get too, like Blade on a Stick, Boxing Gloves, Dumbells, and a ton more. All with special combos and heavy attacks you can use. Even customizable on the fly, able to upgrade and swap out at your leasure, though you can only hold three weapons at a time.+ Equipment. Just like the weapons, you can get equipment just from running around killing enemies. Some are cool, some even have super powers to them like these Kinetic Repulsers that I got that grant you a shield as you run around. Some are even silly, like this Rubber Ducky outfit you wear. Again, customizable and upgradable on the fly. There are shields too that you can use in place of weapons if you're looking for some defense.+ Health System. This game has an interesting health system, as from what I've experienced so far. At any time, if you're wanting some health and have a ton of equipment or weapons you don't want anymore, you can recycle them for health. Each piece shows you how much health you're get after they're recycled, with more upgrades on something giving you more health in return.+ Currency. The in-game currency is bolts. Bolts are gained from destroyed enemies. Get ten and you get a Box of Bolts, which are what you use to purchase upgrades for you and your equipment. The cool thing is that, if you die with a Box, it gets carried over to your next playthrough.+ Humor. This game has some pretty funny moments in it. Characters, enemies, even the story itself has some humor in it, what with the guy who created Heart (You) being named Dr. Sympathy who's practically obsessed with coffee. Some weapons are silly, some armor is silly, even the upgrade names for your stuff can have jokes in them. The game even makes fun of itself at times. It's good.+ Combat. It's pretty much a case of close-to Dark Souls combat. Evasion, learn to hit when the enemy's not focused, all that good stuff you From Software vets are used to. Just a touch bit faster because, well, cartoon robots.Cons:- Gameplay. So, the gameplay's alright, it can feel good at times, but it's still kinda clunky. Jumping is a little heavy in practice, you can be interrupted by running into a thing and it can make the camera freak out at times. Running around seems cool, but you're going at near-Sanic speeds, making turning difficult as you go about in a circle.- Camera Control. The camera's pretty janky. I would be in combat, ready to take down this flying enemy, when all of a sudden the camera suddenly starts to look down on me from above my head, making it difficult to see where I was, where the enemy was, and where it was I'd be swinging my sword. It really needs to be fixed, and I'm sure they're in the process of doing so.- A bit empty. As you wander around (At least for me in the first area), the place is kind of devoid of any kind of ambiance. You would think a Human-abandoned factory would have some skeletons or bodies laying around, even some damage to the world itself, but in this it doesn't. I'm sure it's just a case of setting things up to make sure the game works, but I would love to see the world have some kind of aftermath to it.Finally, after me spouting on, my verdict:Honest 7.5/10 Game is fun, it's cool, it needs some work, but it'll be awesome after that work is done.(Now, if someone could PLEASE get a Wiki going so I can figure out what all is going on with enemies in this game!?)"
76561198051885672,Recommended,326840,28881828,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Ｙｕｎｇ Ｓｔａｂ,"First of all, let me say I love this game. I knew I would love it from the moment I stumbled on it, and I bought it with almost no hesitation (I waited for the Christmas sale lol). I definitely reccommend this game to any hack-and-slash fan, or whoever likes robots. Robots are cool.POSITIVES:-Super fun and fast-paced action, hardly ever feels slow.-Graphics and visual style is super cool and nice to look at.-Assuming you're using a controller, controls are very tight and comfortable (also customizable).-Music ROCKS, trust me the song in the first level will get stuck in your head.-Large variety of weapons to choose through and master (very appealing for the completionist within me).-SUPER good replayability, worth the price.NEGATIVES:-Quite a bit of noticeable glitches (many of which are not game-breaking, so not a huge deal).-Lack of sound effects in most places, making the game feel a bit empty at times (this is a little nitpicky I realize but it really does effect your experience).-Towards the end of the game, it becomes a bit too easy (I've breezed through the final level of the game about 3 times now).-Feels a bit incomplete (but the developers still update quite frequently).Overall, Heart&Slash is a really charming game and a really fun experience. I know I'll certainly be playing it to it's completion."
76561198117611198,Recommended,326840,35211280,Posted: 25 September,all,Kraken,"HOLY SHET, most underated game ever.I remember getting the demo on game jolt and playing, not even getting to the first boss.Yet when it went on sale I bought it without a second thought ( Little did i know easly best $5 ever spent) .I played and got to the the first boss and my exact thoughts were ""HOLY SHET"" the cutseens and enemy designes are incredable I dont understand why anyone hasn't recomended this game to me. I just found it on game jolt and decided to try now my favorite game of all my steam library. Also when you slash its cringy but good cringy.. ya know..If you can try the game I love it its now my wallpaper and everything.(Also music is pretty good for the game... just so ya know)"
,Recommended,326840,31516661,Posted: 2 May,all,CypherWave,"First off, I was VERY close to not recommending this game, however I liked some parts enough to make this a recommend review. Basically: 6/10PROS:Satisfying and fun combatnice styled graphicsliteral♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of weapons, items and things to find and unlock to smash your enemiesrandomly genereated levels(basically new items and level structure every run)CONS:CRAPPY CONTROLS, they NEVER seem to do what I want them to do. And the way you switch weapons is complete BULL. oh, and evasion doesn't do ANYTHING.(and you can't rebind them. defintely better with controller from my experience)Confusing exploration(Tips: go through doors with signs(exit, ! signs, and others), minimap is your friend, and look for green !)And, the most frustrating con: IMPOSSIBLE BOSSES. LIKE WTF. I haven't even gotten past the first floor! They are SO OP and you dont really have a good chance to get enough health OR damage throughout the ENTIRE FLOOR. Even if I go through EVERY room I still get screwed at the boss fight. It's infuriating. HOWEVER, the road to the bos, finding all these crazy weapons and items and beating the crap out of other robots BARELY brings this to a ""recommend"" (cause I must admit, its pretty satisfying to smash a robot clear across the room with a baseball bat)"
76561198112414443,Recommended,326840,32786257,Posted: 25 June,all,jgarza9788,"the controls take a bit to get used to, but a really cool game.the main-character walks really fastthat being said there were a few glitches (falling-through walls, and missing shaders)...but nothing to break the game.6.5/10"
,Recommended,326840,30109877,Posted: 22 February,all,Archmage,"Heart&Slash is an exceptional example of a well-designed ""modern roguelike"". Its systems are intimately designed and polished, from the movement system to the fluidity of multi-weapon combat, to the whole health/upgrade economy. It has a friendly learning curve, most of the weapons are meaningfully different, and each of the bosses present a fair challenge.It's a game that takes the beat-em-up genre, lightly sprinkles it with essence of roguelike and then pours on a whole bunch of love. Give it a try, you won't be disappointed!EDIT: For those concerned about the ""run-ending bugs"", they don't exist anymore! I 100%ed the game without running into any. I'm moderately sure they've been patched out, so don't worry :)"
,Recommended,326840,28000164,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Bunne,This game is absolutly amazing!
76561198041242826,Recommended,326840,23969621,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,juizoi,"What a fantastic game! One thing I would criticize would be the camera shots sometimes going mental or being just terrible (I'm looking at you third stage) other than that, I enjoy this game and I'll enjoy it some more! Random Generation RULES"
,Recommended,326840,24169676,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,God Snek,"Character action roguelike with a ton of weapons to find.I think that sums it up fairly well. It's a bit rough around the edges but it's very fun, though keep in mind it's ""basically"" done (it's been ported to consoles but it's missing some bug fixes, getting worked on currently) and an endless mode."
,Not Recommended,326840,33592678,Posted: 16 July,all,The Rusted Paladin,"I really want to recommend this game. But boy does it get buggy. 15 hours of playtime and Ive managed to get the camera stuck many times. Once where it couldnt move at all.If there werent constantly camera issues, big and small. And the rare control issue. Id have no issue with this game. Its rather short, only 3 levels.Again. Anytime I want to say something nice theres atleast 2 other things bad to say. Though the bad are just bugs. Those fixed and it would be ace. For now though i cant recommend. I've encountered far too many bugs in just 15 hours to excuse it.[Dont quickly scrap a bodypart with an action, seems to a head with a ability that activates by holding in camera control ,and pick up another head. You are highly likely to softlock the camera][Also managed to completely freeze up controls with only the esc key working, and arrow keys working in that. Nothing else would register though enemies could sent you flying like you were on ice. Seemed to be caused by holding a button for a sideweapon while taking a hit through an attack. Haven't been able to recreate...]"
76561197978966226,Not Recommended,326840,25066945,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,gilrad,"Over 50% of my runs have prematurely ended because of a glitch. Black loading screens between levels, stuck camera on boss fights, bosses that fail to enter a ""damage phase"", bosses that fail to start, bosses that fail to open the door on completion, ""forever falling"" glitches, doors and platforms that fail to open up the path forward, the list goes on. It's fun when it works but each run-ending glitch leaves a much more negative impact on my experience than the runs that go off without a hitch, I cannot recommend this game."
76561198156980868,Recommended,326840,24825902,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Moopmoop24,Actually a damn good game. Just wish there was mouse support: rip
,Recommended,326840,24901869,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Taloc111,"You'll love this game if you like trying out many different weapon and armor combos.It managed to keep me entertained with some of the most overpowered items like training weights that grow in strength the more you use them, plumber shoes that let you stomp your enemies into the dust, a headpiece that lets you shoot out a laser every few seconds and so on."
,Recommended,326840,25593863,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Lipid,You basically slice open various versions of Wall.E. >:)
,Recommended,326840,24905046,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Discount Mercenary,I had a lot of fun playing this.
76561198148340724,Not Recommended,326840,33292277,Posted: 5 July,all,paulphi96,"The concept COULD be enjoyable and I had fun exploring the first pieces of the storyline, but this game is bugged as f***. I had two perfect runs (vorpal blade maxed out) and the character simply freezed while standing on plain ground. No way to move him (it?) from there. Considering the items you find in the beginnig are random, it's f***ing annoying. And don't even get me started on the fact you can't leave a run and continue it later, so you have to spend two hours straight in front of your computer if you want to explore the thing. Luckily I bought this on sale.(Oh, not to mention controls needed way more polish in an action game like this)"
76561198054225032,Recommended,326840,24975777,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Balthasar,"After playing about ~10 hours in 3 days, all i can say is that this game has the potential to become the best Rouge-like game out there. It has good design, very few bugs, a huge upgradeable weapon arsenal and some very funny eastereggs. If you like Rouge-likes this is the game for you, even if you dont, buy it it will be worth it and you will become addicted in short time."
76561198040928297,Recommended,326840,24894820,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,tyche,If you thought the chainsaws were hard just wait until you get out of the factory...(you'll understand if you play the game)overallchainsaws: Hate/10Game 9/10
,Recommended,326840,24816056,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,POROROCA,"My only complaint is that it could use a bit more variety in loot, levels and enemies.Otherwise this game is my favorite roguelike of all time, it has the BoI room system, A DMC-ish combat system, incredible pixel/voxel 3d artstyle, a nice soundtrack, cheesy story and characters/dialog.Even though the item variety is not as much as others of the genre, each item is upgradeable and recyclable for health (in case you dont want it or really need health). You can even upgrade yourself.Your starting items (3) are random, something that seems rare in the genre these days and is very welcome.The weapon equip is similar to dark souls, there's quick parrying with shields and weapon swap on key hold.All controls are rebindable on keyboard."
76561197964687232,Recommended,326840,24878154,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,thrillhouse,"Great game, great sound track, awesome action and such a fun visual style. Big fans of hack and slash games and megaman legends should pick this up!"
,Not Recommended,326840,30458382,Posted: 11 March,all,William Shakesman,"A stylish combat roguelite without a hint of style. Your weapons feel like they are slicing through pudding. The camera is not fit for the action, and the entire thing feels... well, like an indie game in all the worst edge cases. Bosses just kinda blink for a bit and then attack a massive area around them and you just guess you dodged in the right direction but the camera and color scheme ensures you can't meaningfully see crap."
76561198046869604,Recommended,326840,24821838,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Wumpabomination,Used my refund of Necropolis to buy this.This time I wasn't disappointed with my purchase!
76561198000464258,Not Recommended,326840,26058217,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Duo34,"Man, I wish I wasn't giving this a bad review. I actually did enjoy playing the game but it has some pretty significant problems. Towards the end of runs enemies become heavily resistance towards specific kinds of attacks, ballistic, fire or shock. All enemies in the last section (1/3 of the levels in the game mind you) have heavy reistance to two of them and heavy weakness to one of them. Long story short, if you have all three elements (not a particularly common occurance) then you can pokemon matchup your weapons to their type and breeze through. If you are missing one or two elements  some enemies are going to take about 6 more combos than normal and about 4 more than they should.The game also isn't that difficult, but because of the risistance thing combined with the characters sparatic, hard to control movement, and random dungeon generation making for lengthy levels, it makes runs in this game take a long time. There is also little to no tention the whole way.Oh it also does the thing many other rogue likes do where health pickups are few and far between so an early ♥♥♥♥up bleeds you dry for the rest of the game, given you actually do have dificulty in this game (as I did at the start). Not saying that is a bad thing, but some people will be annoied about it."
,Recommended,326840,24821504,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,NutelaCrepe,"I had fun playing the game for 30 minutes but then I started feeling that this will get repetitive for me. I liked the soundtracks and the design of the level I played. Many people might like these types of games but it is not for me. I already asked for a refund. So, no regrets. I still recommend this game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MWMlz9fhsD4"
,Recommended,326840,24836530,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,ctswright,Pretty fun.
,Recommended,326840,15050650,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Some Useless Ass Goddess,I got this game later on today as It Looks amazing and quite funky aswell. I am a major fan of hack and slahers but I got quite a big problemFirst when I load up level 1 I find myself falling endlessly in a pitch black level where I cant do anything.all I can play is the Tutorial which is quite unfair for a tutorial might I add.The first enemy has a major advantage over you and constantly beats your♥♥♥♥♥over and over again. Oh and you cant skip the text boxes so It takes longer than usual.I also want to add that I am playing this on my Laptop with windows 7 (I dont know my specs as its a laptop afterall can't afford a Gaming PC at the moment)I do recommend it forpeople who have the better specs as for those who just want to jump in Not the best pick. And yes I know this is early access but I just had to give my side of it.
76561198119123927,Recommended,326840,26397955,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Awesome cat,-Play for an hour.-Finally find the exit.-Beat the first boss.-Get to the next level.-Die by a small drill bot.♥/10
76561198005774899,Recommended,326840,25226625,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,3 Laws Safe,A couple small glithces here and there but still lots of fun.
76561198148280881,Recommended,326840,31597129,Posted: 6 May,all,MerlinDHF,"Awesome game, I love everything about it! The soundtrack, the rogue-like aspects, the story, the combat- everything! I greatly recommend playing this game."
,Not Recommended,326840,24822400,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,VoidInsanity,"This is a tough one. On the one hand the game runs great, has charm, combat is fun, decent amount of weapons and stuff to find, etc. The usual Roguelite stuff. On the other hand the game is 3 levels long and 5 bosses in total which is rather pathetic for a game of this genre. The game gets extremely easy very quickly especially if you acquire one of the many gamebreaking items it has. Theres an item that gives you perma invisibility everytime you dodge which you can spam making the AI run around in circles never attacking you, theres a sword that gives you half hearts per attack when upgraded, theres another that upgrades your overall damage with all weapons which enables 1 shotting of everything. There's no real challenge here, its near Zero.The mechanics and systems are good overall, the recycling of parts for HP causing you to weaken yourself in order to stay alive in dire situations  if dire situations ever happened.  Being able to hold up to 3 weapons at a time helps keep the combat interesting though locking certain basics such as lockon behind an equip is rather baffling, Enemy HP bars I can understand since there is indication of weakened enemies without displaying the bars but Lockon!? Its baffling, it really is.I like this game but thats because I am a fan of Cibi Mech combat and I am still waiting on Team Reptile to make a sequel to Megabyte Punch so my like for this game is EXTREMELY biased. My bias asside I cannot recommend this game in its current state, its too easy and there just isn't enough bosses/levels to justify it being a Roguelite."
76561198116814883,Recommended,326840,24800256,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,BLAHBLAHwoohoo,cute robot hack n slash rogue-like with lots of variation and super combat what more do you want ill tell you nothing
76561198177689849,Recommended,326840,24803560,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,PoloBaquerizoH,"amazing this game is a jewel underrated game, one of the best action rogue-likes ever. controls are great specially gamepad. if you love rogue-likes on the binding of isaac style mix with dark souls ha..this is a masterpiece."
,Recommended,326840,24802961,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Eugene T,"That's a really good game if you like Devil May Cry and rogue-likes. There's a lot of both in here.Tight controls, fast gameplay, nice graphics and upbeat music, a lot of content to unlock with every try."
76561198020898916,Not Recommended,326840,31203482,Posted: 17 April,all,Hadeda King,"Not what the description and screenshots lead you to believe it is. Go watch some gameplay videos if you're really thinking about it because what's shown here is quite misleading. You should know that playing this without a controller is incredibly unpleasant. The ""unique"" levels you go through each time you die and reset the game are just the same few rooms copy pasted a few times too. If you plan to buy this, make sure you know EVERYTHING about it first and make sure it's EXACTLY what you're looking for, because this product left me disappointed"
,Recommended,326840,24811013,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Papyrus,YUP HERE'S THE HYPE GAME I'VE BEEN LOOKING FOR.OST 10/10GAMEPLAY 9/10GET THIS GAME
76561198092404398,Not Recommended,326840,25223924,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,JPzombies,"This is one of the best games I have played for a while. I will say it could use some new features however, and I am not bashing it at all I love this game, and wish them all the sucess they deserve.Features to potentially add(War on humanity mode)You play as a boss like Frank-e or the queen one of the few bosses, then you lead an army of robots against the humans give it a little more story and prolouge playing as those characters.(Character custimization)I know there sorta is one, but I think being able to see what all the suits look like, and what they do would be amazing so you don't waste your money trying to upgrade something to just hate it later.(Weapon custimization)Being able to deconstuct your weapons for hearts is all good, but you could have it where the player can combine two weapons of the same type. Melee, Hand to hand, Ranged, etc. Then you could let the player pick there top three from the weapons they combine. Would be an awesome feature, and make you think should I get more hearts or try for something I know that will be awesome.(New characters)Frank-e body could be a new character called Frank-s and then have all the suits just new characters. I mean it wont take away from the experience it will just give more options for the players. So say you have frank-e. You can upgrade the heart unit but dont get the abilities of frank-e or they are really reduced.(Split screen or any form of multiplayer at least locally)This game is really fun and would be awesome to play together with a friend especially if there is story missions or really hard parts you can't quite do yourself. Might be a little confusing at first if it's split screen but it still would be an awesome feature.(More story)I know story sucks especially as a book writer you can easily get stumped, but the players and myself would love to know why the robots rebeled. Just a lot of the story could be explained more than it was in my opinion even if it's in playable flashbacks.(Sequel)Definatly add downloadable content to this game have a new story with the humans or ""Something"" coming to earth again. That would be cool to see what will actually happen if the humans come back. Even doing prequels of every character why they were made robbin would be awesome to go over since he is a wandering samuri. Again I love this game, but I think there is a lot of room for improvement not saying it's bad because it's amazing.Im conflicted on what to put a positive or negative review, because I love this game. I even had a friend try it, and he bought it the next day. So I am defiantly a fan even tho it gets repetitive at times, or very frustrating. So I would love to see improvement or new features to help this game/company grow.Well now this game has gotten very boring and the unlockable characters are basically the same the enemies are boring and it just isn't as great as it was when I first made this post. It's an awesome game if you play it only once a year but as I see it now the game shouldn't be as much as I paid for it."
,Recommended,326840,32675138,Posted: 23 June,all,MacJester,"Good Gameplay, good Weapons, good Pixel-graphics"
76561198262796263,Recommended,326840,30379909,Posted: 7 March,all,Kalfrotz,Alot ofHEARTwas put in this game.
,Recommended,326840,24805509,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Pink Shit,"I have spent very little in this full release, but so far it is amazing. I remember playing this around 1-2 years ago on GameJolt. I feel like the old starting part was better than the one im still struggling with, but overall I love this game!"
76561198041019897,Not Recommended,326840,25025225,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Ryoma,"It's a lot of fun when it works. Combat feels good, the animations are charming, the art is pretty, and the music is great. But there are some glitches (described below) that have resulted in me having to restart my runs, and in a game that is all about runs (It's a roguelike), having to restart due to a glitch can be a real kill-joy. Once these issues are patched, it'll be easy to recommend. Right now, I can't, even though I really want to.These are the glitches that resulted in me restarting the game: Earlier, when I minimized the game to check my email, I came back and the game was locked. The menus still worked but the game itself was stuck. Just now, I got to the last level, and Heart was stuck in the ""falling"" animation. On the edges of the tiles, he would reset and I could jump, but if I did a heavy attack with a sword (where he drops straight down) he would get stuck completely. If I moved him off the area so he would fall and reset, he came back stuck in the same animation. He just couldn't land on the floor.This isn't a glitch, but it can be easy to lose track of Heart as well in some of the more chaotic scenes. Also, it's not always obvious when he gets hit. Is there a way to make him stand out more, or have an outline or something?"
,Not Recommended,326840,25048593,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Siilk,"Combat is ok but controls are wonky and unintuitive and the camera is abspolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ especially when it is switched to a fixed perspective for a boss fight. Procedural level generation is kinda pointless as the room and overal map geometry is rather limited and simplistic yet it makes the game lengthier and grindier than it should've been. I like the ""retro voxelart"" art style but it's certainly not for everyone. All in all, an ok game I guess but I'm not sure if I can recommend it unless it's on sale or something."
76561198041469566,Recommended,326840,24827855,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Xeta24,"Wonderful roguelike hack & slash, check it out!"
,Recommended,326840,24820034,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Quote ❤,"Found this randomly, and went into it expecting a cute little hack n' slash, was very pleasantly surprised.  The combination of good visuals and fantastic music, and solid gameplay makes for a great package.  On top of that, the heavy variety in items makes each run feel fresh and different."
,Recommended,326840,24821327,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Milk,not bad
76561198140849556,Recommended,326840,25664228,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Doña Peacock,"this game is fun and rage quit the sometime beacuse I just beat the boss in the facory, then I die for rocket bot I thouth they be check point but nope you have to started at the begin at the facory."
76561198064109179,Recommended,326840,12469885,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,PEACEKEEPER,"Its good all it needs is maybe a battle axe, minigun and some online co-op. I also would like maybe a hooded head and a trench coat, if its ok with you."
,Not Recommended,326840,35085414,Posted: 20 September,all,Dozenbeer,"I didnt like the game at all. Bought it because I love rogue-likes, but damn is this game not fun to play.Pros+ upgrades that you can assign to your liking+ a story that wasnt so bad+ decent tutorialCons:- hate the music, its something I would have expected from a cheap manga graphic novel game, way too cheerful and child-like- I didnt like the art style and graphics- the random generated maps are way too bland, every room feels the same- pointless stuff in the rooms like elevators leading to the ceiling of the room and thats it, they have no use, there isnt another path up there or anything- the combat is repetetive and super boring- there is little to no strategy involved- the game has elemental weapons and enemies that have weaknesses and restitance to those weapons, BUT I encountered twice the situation, where I only had a flame sword and the enemies were completely resitent to fire.....meaning I couldnt progress (since it was the boss room)- the movement is so weird, its way too fast and the camera is a pain to control in fights- you cant just switch to a certain other side weapon, you have to hold RB or LB to have that weapon, I absolutely didnt like that choice to have to constantly hold the bumpers and then attack, there is also no real need for this- the upgrading system didnt feel satisfying enough, you can level up your jumping ability which didnt even seem usefulDidnt like the game at all, there are so many better rogue-likes on Steam, that I wont put any time into this one."
76561198105921731,Not Recommended,326840,24831108,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,rayziyun,"This is a Rouglite action game. That features fast and fun combat with fairly tight controlls and a good variety of weapons.The reason I'm giving it a thumbs down is that every time I reach the 3 stage I hit a dead end.The game insists that there are enemies to defeat in the area, but there never are.With no way to progress that kind of sucks the fun out of the game."
,Not Recommended,326840,27860396,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Intuition5,"I bought it because people said it may have been like Devil May Cry. Maybe it could be like DMC2 because of the double jumping issue but otherwise, no.Sorry, but no lock on button, glicthy looking running speed and the jittery jumping mechanics? No. This game has potential to be amazing but it is very important to focus on gameplay rather than upgrades and power ups. I actually feel sorry about downvoting this game, but it needs much more polish before we can consider it a gem."
,Not Recommended,326840,25705719,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Makadon,"The keyboard+mouse controls are terrible. It was apparently designed with a controller in mind. It's a pain to play with kb+m, however much time you spend rebinding and stuffing around in the settings. It's not worth your time or money if that's how you intend to play it."
76561198029142433,Not Recommended,326840,34557120,Posted: 28 August,all,Boz Bozman,"Fun for a few hours, but gets repetitive. I did not get past the second level, but did not want to either."
76561198167066034,Not Recommended,326840,24799893,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,CAPtain_WAFer,"i refunded it because the controlles were a pain to use and there were no saves, but the sound track is great, the art style is soooo good, and if you have patience unlike me it can be really enjoyable. the reason i diisliked it is that i cant get my health back so if i get hit before the encredilbly hard but fun boss then i have no chance, and the swiching between weapons is a pain, because you cant move them to any other key insted of z and c, and i dont want to do a level 6 times before i get to the end of that level, which is the main reason for dislikeing and refunding the game is the controlles and no saves. (i know i am a filty casual)"
76561198311880129,Not Recommended,326840,24922340,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,KootaZ,"Rubbish game. Not worth the money. Story and idea behind the whole thing isn't worth your time. Fighting system and inventory/equipment system is very poorly designed. No introduction to game. You need to play a seperate tutorial to ""understand"" the game"
76561198169411736,Not Recommended,326840,23985860,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Snipper Joey,WHY IS IT SO DAMN  FAST!? AND THAT'S WITH MY COMPUTER'S LAG!
76561198142755528,Not Recommended,326840,13602104,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,patrick,F**** this game itwasnt worth the money and i hate it the first stage is so ridicoulously hard i want an update soe time soon i also get very nassuse
,Recommended,326840,18452190,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,The trashy slime,underated yes    smooth yes    great soundtrack YES and the best game of the year (for me) F@#% YEAH!!!i first saw the game jolt and played the demo and intantly fell in love (he he) with it and i desited to buy it on steam and do i reaget it NO!i had a hard time ween i first played it becuse i didn´t know that you unlocked all the things with achiements and a glich hapend so that i had to stop pressing the replay button becuse the main weapon woud not spawn so i had to sit frou 2 loading screens and i quited next to instatly then i picked it up lately and i can´t stop playing itsome day i will go in details right now 10/10
76561198117833972,Recommended,326840,18960073,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,[IBG] HiddenKnight,So mcuh fun and it's challenging i barley beat the first level and the world got so much bigger it's definatly worth the money
76561198144853101,Recommended,326840,25402740,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,MrMarioN00b,"Its a relatively good game, with a few bugs, that i've come across.  But overall very fun game mechanics, and it has a story at least, but could do without the crap attempt a comedy. So I like it and recommend it."
76561198058938853,Recommended,326840,25299876,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,KingOfAcesX,"there's alot more to this game then i thought at first.really pretty game, easy on the eyes with its simplistic pixally style.sound track is ♥♥♥♥in amazinggameplay is like if dark souls was  rogue-like and combo heavy.im not sure if thats a compliment but ITS GREAT.--------------there is a learning curve with combo linking  since there's no combo meter or anything like that.and its really easy to leave yourself open if you dont know which moves you can evade out of while performing."
,Recommended,326840,25235769,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Karl Marx ☭,Pretty good game 7/10I hate having to hold down a button to use a different weapon instead of just switching to it.  Please please change that.Soundtrack and graphics are great though.Edit: tried the game with a controller and that pretty much fixed the holding instead of switching issue.  With a controller its an 8/10
,Recommended,326840,25298662,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Drakogarnus,i...iam in love with this game its like a mashup of phantasy star online and even a bit of zelda along with mechs and robots i love the enemy variations and the boss designs and i realy truly hope this game is supported for awile and it updated with new enemies and bosses hell if i could id love to help design some things or maybe just boss suggestions o.o theres so much room for things.
76561198111965613,Recommended,326840,25390143,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,栗栗栗栗栗咂,因为有中文，所以我就买了，就这么简单。
76561197970577853,Recommended,326840,25049250,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Anal  Mummy,"This game is a helluva lot of fun.  Great graphics, great music, customization and progression with random parts and upgrades.  Totally worth the price of admission.  Also, I had an explorer hat, monocle, and thunder hammer in my last run and was totally killing it until i came across the second boss.  Almost beat it but I lost too much health before I figured out how to murder it and it ended up murdering me instead.10/10 would get murdered by gigantic, robotic sewer wurm again."
76561198045229911,Recommended,326840,25125376,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Kyyss,"As another reviewer put it (accurately) its like pixelated Dark Souls on crack. Fantastic game and soundtrack, combat and controls are extremely tight and I love the variety of weapons and equipment that make every run interesting. I've seen other reviews that complain about glitches and crashes, but I've only ever encountered one when I accidentally unplugged my controller and it wouldn't re-accept it. I've been playing on Mac, and have always had excellent performance from this game."
76561197971157460,Recommended,326840,25276948,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,TUNA!#fresh,"Game is super fun, great pace, loads of item combos. Didn't realize the game was ""run"" based where when you die it resets, but stats like kills are tracked. You will most likely not have one ""run"" like another, item drops are random.Game was a bit short, but would be easy to add more content."
,Recommended,326840,25138463,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,brandeeno2245,"This is a pretty great hack & slash rogue like beat em up, the controls are tight with some minor camera problems. The game has a great soundtrack which I recommend buying off band camp due to it being cheaper then doing the dlc option all in all great game."
,Recommended,326840,25009017,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Zuukeey,"Its a great Rogue-Like, its fighting mechanics are like in Bayonetta and Dmc. The Graphic are also pretty and it has a very cool looking artstyle.Overall i would recommend this game but it still has its negative points like that you dont even have to fight the most of the enemies and you can just run to the boss, then i'd like that there would be some kind of treasure chests where you can get stuff like hearts or weapons because the exploration feels a little empty.But again this game is really fun to play and i have/had a great time with it!"
,Recommended,326840,25001064,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Akuro,"When I first started playing, things were quite odd. I didn't completely get the story and the type of weapons best used against which type of enemy was kind of vague. After a while, you start realising these things (by lots of trial and error), you start getting your favorite weapons and the storyline proceeds. Even though it was strange at first, there hasn't been a single moment in which I didn't enjoy this versatile hack & slash game with a great art style.Have fun!"
,Recommended,326840,24966514,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,LocalPimp,"I've already got 16 hours on record for this game, and I'm loving it. I haven't figured out how to unlock more than just Heart, but I'm hoping I'll figure it out on one of these exploration play throughs. All the different weapons have been fun, with a variety of ways to go about fighting most of the monsters and bosses. The bosses themselves aren't very difficult once you figure out how they work, however they're still very fun. Well worth the low price."
,Recommended,326840,25905553,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,mr skeltal,"This is a really good game. Like, really good. Think Binding of Isaac but with a third-person hack'n'slash style. Not as hard as BoI though, but still plenty challenging.Only thing I have to complain about is the soundtrack. I haven't made it past world 1, but from what I understand it's one song per world, or something. The songs are good, but a bit repetetive."
,Recommended,326840,26488314,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,thot-slayer gut,"i've been following this game for two years now. honestly, this has been one of my most anticipated games to date. and with the game's wonderful soundtrack, great gameplay, and its ""addictive"" aspect, i can say that this is one of my favorite games too. i'd like to thank the developers for this wonderful creation."
,Recommended,326840,25777114,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Red Star,"Overall great game with endless possibilities everytime you start a level, each time its loaded different from the last. I love the weapons too, theres soo many to find and use to smash and slaughter who ever you may face. Sucks that when you die you have to restart from the legit beginning, but it only helps mold you into a better player if you think about, the more you fight the more you learn, so i dig it.  :)"
,Recommended,326840,28631105,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Salty Bob,"A really unique mish mash of a Rougelite, Devil May Cry game, and dungeon crawler. Runs are somewhat short but it's challenging and varied enough between each session that it works well. Totally worth looking at."
76561198342515016,Recommended,326840,28489005,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,yodemish,I love the game just that it is very hard because every time you die you start it from level 1 but  the frank-y boss is impossible so i keep restarting until I get B-4ss boss .at the end it is a very good game i definitly would recomend it to people who love challenges it works best with controlers also you can get it for ps4 and pc
76561198043800031,Recommended,326840,28544107,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Junosato Ryu,"Awesome game, not for easily Frustrated people tho!The gameplay is fast and smooth, the animations are simple but powerfull and the Atmosphere in the game is definitly taking me back to the older days of Megaman Legends~Exploring the Randomgenerated levels never gets old, and whenever one takes a break to look around, there's secrets and eastereggs everywhere!The Curve of Difficulty may be Harsh, but as soon as one has mastered the controls and flow of combat, it becomes 2nd Nature!...though the random ensamble of Weaponary and Equipment found during the game can make a GREAT difference!In some Runs, you beat the 1st Boss within 10 Seconds flat, and in other Runs, you get your seatmeat handed to you on a steel platter.That said, I wanna thank the developers for this genuine blast from the past, you guys really pulled me out of a bad time with this game!"
76561198011921744,Recommended,326840,29935111,Posted: 14 February,all,Unknown,"The controls feel pretty good, the fighting is intense, the rouge-like variations are interesting (more because of the weapons/items), and the overall feel reminding me of Mega Man.It was certainly worth $15.  I would love to see a larger, longer game as a sequel."
,Recommended,326840,28332852,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,DatWittyName,"Heart&Slash is a game I enjoyed more than I though I was going to. A Few years ago I picked this up on a whim after reading about it being Simmilar to Megaman Legends in away but it ended up being so much more than that. The game's plot is simple, it's a years after humanity's extinction and your character, a Robot that Was created the day of the End of the world but put offline, wake up and are tasked with escaping from your factory.This game is short, being a Arcade Roguelite the game is simple to get but you will probably die a few times and they intend for that, the Levels are randomly generated on each run all seem very similar but will have diffrent waves of enemies inside or lead to new weapons to switch out older ones. You have 3 slots for weapons that you can alter how you please as well as 4 armor slots that will improve your passive ablities or give you new ones such as locking on or freezing time momentairly to get in several strikes.Gameplay flows well but sometimes feels easier than it should be, your main enemy being Health Conservation for the occasional blow you might take in the early areas, health being recovered by fighting enemies with hearts over their heads or sacraficing old weapons for health. Each weapon and armor piece as well as your character can be upgraded several times with experince points gathered in battle, giving damages and health bonuses as well as other effects depending on the weapon such as special combos and elemental enchantments. These points also carry over if you die or quit the game while still having them unused.I think where this game shines the most is the musical score and artstyle, The Robots and Bosses all look great and feel fun to fight, Michael Chait's soundtrack for this game is the cherry ontop of everything with each song having this very upbeat feel that drives the whole game togheter even more than the simplistic but engaging combat.Overall: This game is a must for anybody just looking for a Fun game to pick up and play anytime. It has plenty of replayabilty for anybody who like experimenting with tons of weapons and armor combinations but dosen't have alot of cash to throw around or time to commit to a long running story.I give it 10/10 I really reccomend it."
,Recommended,326840,30233414,Posted: 27 February,all,Seth5110,"Love playing this game, it's like the maps of the Binding of Isaac with the hack and slash of Devil May Cry.The maps are randomly generated and the enemies are always changing.Would very highly recommend."
76561198056165314,Recommended,326840,31210673,Posted: 17 April,all,relcat,"Super fun rogue-like, Eclipse needs patching really REALLY badly but otherwise I had a joyous time fighting megamen styled robots as a character from FLCL. Kinda just wish there were more... and that the rubberduck suit would spawn more often."
,Recommended,326840,31291008,Posted: 22 April,all,Unknown,"I just finished the game for the first time, and i absolutely loved it.In short: There are a few bugs and quirks, but the game is really good at what it does. The combat and customisation are on point, the visuals and music are charming, and most of all, it is super fun.On the negative, there are a few texture glitches in the second par of the game, and sometimes when jumping on a wall, you get stuck until you move away from the wall. It is nothing major, but still a little problematic.In a bit more details: The weapons and piece of gears that you get all have their own mechanics and usually modify the gameplay. The exceptions are actually the elemental variants of the same kind of gear, but then again, each element has its own quirks, so it is still affeecting the gameplay in an interesting manner. Also the exploraion is nice. Even tough you can get a bit lost from time to time, the minimap does well its job of telling you where you are.On another note, the game is playable with a keyboard and mouse. I've beaten it with it. I think a controller is best tough, but mine died a few days ago... But yeah, overall, i love this game. Got in in special for half the price, but i would recommend it at full price."
,Recommended,326840,31290091,Posted: 21 April,all,One Winged Thanatos,"Roguelike Character action game... Say WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAThis is a great little game, you go around in the procedurally generated levels finding weapons and fighting robots, there are tons of weapons and most of them change drastically your moveset and the way in which you approach battle, the combat is fun and fast paced, my only complain about it is the camera, also the game is kind of short, there are only 3 main levels and 5 bosses, but the more you play the more weapons can appear in the game and there´s also quests that unlock new characters and add a little more variation to the mix.If you like action games and/or roguelikes this game is for you, I had a ton of fun with it."
,Recommended,326840,35246688,Posted: 27 September,all,gabrielxart,A great action game!
76561198124271598,Recommended,326840,35485328,Posted: 4 October,all,Jayko,"You know those games that you pick up for no reason and it turns out to be a GEM? Heart & Slash is just that! This game is perfect for people who like Rogues. There is a good story along with characters that react to how you look or what you do in the game (such as choices and if you've died or fought said character before)The game is not THAT hard but it can be challenging. The bosses are fun and the music is electric!The only complaint I have with this game is that the map sizes are huge and it is easy to get lost. But aside from that, if you like a beautiful game with easy mechanics, good music, many unique weapons and crazy combat, then this game is for you!"
