user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197970647506,Recommended,327070,23546867,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Cirrhosis,"A group of 10 of us left our homeland at night and ventured into the unknown wilderness.  Running through fields and forests with our hatchets and laterns equipped, we conquered almost everything in our path.  Enemy towns were raided, guards were killed, enemy players were eliminated and citizens were slaughtered. While plundering loot for ourselves we were capturing territory that provided different resources, recipes and equipment for our own people.  The entire southern continent was soon under our control.  I felt like a warrior, a soldier, someone on campaign to expand the territories and opportunities for my faction.  Our team made a significant impact on the world and how other players could interact with it. It was a brilliant experience."
,Not Recommended,327070,32204734,Posted: 5 June,all,Finblade,"First things first I am in love with this game. Good graphics, fun gameplay and the crafting engine is amazing. I love how the simplest thing takes so much to do and effort to make. Like a bag to carry your gear. You have  to start out with the basic elements/materials and progress towards the bag.With that said the bad thing about this game is that there are too many people cheating. FOR EXAMPLE, player name Fightme, and Korean Exploits that make the game unbearable. These 2 players are using cheats that let them attack once and counts for 3x hit, evading your blocks and killing you through your defenses. These players also have been able to loot bodies and not take any damage when you are back stabbing them for about 3 seconds straight. These are not the only players doing this.This game is very fun but if the game keeps these exploits going and the devs do nothing you will keep losing your player base. A great game with a great concept but with poor management from the devs will make a poor game."
,Recommended,327070,26347740,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,JuHsTaN,"I think this game has the potential to be something very, very special.Unfortunately there are a lot of people giving negative reviews for a lot of different reasons; content is unfinished, pve is crap, glitches, hackers, etc., etc. THIS IS AN ALPHA RELEASE! All of this is to be expected! This game isn't finished. Not even close. This is clearly stated on the Steam storefront page.  At this point, purchasing this game basically means you are donating money to the devs to continue and hopefully finish development.In my opinion, alpha players should focus on where the game is headed and provide constructive feedback to help improve it. But to do so you have to see the overall vision, not just the pixels. If you think the game is total crap, cool. Just be sure to tell the devs why it is crap, and f you’re feeling extra charitable, maybe throw in a suggestion or two as to how they can fix it. As an alpha player, you have one of the rarest and most exciting opportunities as a gamer; you get to help shape the future of a game and truly make it yours.Hoping the devs read these reviews. If so, here are my two cents.---The Good----Excellent musical score and sound.-High potential for immersion.-Very good looking graphics & environment.-Innovative weather and seasonal system.-Intuitive controls and default key mappings.-Outstanding UI. Very logical, minimalist design.-Skill based combat. Archery is already pretty good as is.-Outstanding crafting system.-Hybrid PvP looting system.---The Bad---General:-Bugs, exploits, glitches and optimization issues. You already know about most, if not all of this. Moving on…Player Movement:-Walking, running and movement feels slow, unresponsive and cumbersome. Jumping and climbing are awful.Environmental Interaction:-Character feels very separate and disconnected from the environment. Character should feel connected to the ground, not floating on top of it. Fences, rocks, bags, etc. seem to have invisible force fields around them. This is very distracting and ultimately hurts immersion.-Fix tree animations. Trees look like someone is violently shaking them or they are floating in water.User Interface:-Separate chat into zones. Otherwise global chat will be an absolute nightmare.Combat:-Collision physics and hit reg. This needs A TON of work. Hitting an enemy should feel impactful, satisfying and rewarding. Not random, weak and detached.-Player animations. I believe you are already addressing this, but it still needs quite a bit of work.-Responsiveness. Weapon swings and meter charging should be a bit faster and much more responsive. This should help make combat feel much more fluid, organic and immersive.-Sync graphics, sound and hit reg. If I miss an opponent, I should hear a “whoosh,” not a “cleave” or a “thud.”-Add visual hit display for melee combat. The point of impact should be visually apparent on the enemy’s body (similar to the system you already have in place with arrows).Feature Requests:-Battlegrounds. Lots of them. Capture the flag, king of the hill, etc., etc.-Medieval siege weapons (trebuchet, etc.) for RvR and PvP battlegrounds.-Arena (1v1, 2v2, 5v5, etc.).-Mounts and mounted combat.-Crank up the gore and animations to reflect medieval brutality. Beheadings anyone?!?!Final Thoughts:-Personally, I think the combat system mechanics are the single most important thing to focus on and will ultimately make or break this game. Make Gloria Victis the preeminent medieval MMO it is begging to be! SO MUCH potential here...THANKS FOR ALL OF YOUR HARD WORK!!!"
,Recommended,327070,23531247,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,RageGoria,"I was in the front line, looking to mine some stuffs.I was spotted by a player from the enemy faction.He attacked me with a bow.I rushed to him and slashed him with a random 2H weapon i looted from an NPC.He died.I looted his bow.His bow is better than mine.I use his bow now."
76561198040381668,Recommended,327070,24087511,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Carlos,"So (almost) 100 hours further, I have spend enough hours to make a review about this game. And yes, I still like it.I will not give you a full historical report about the game, how Gloria Victis developed through the years etc, but more a look how I experienced the game in his current state. Keep in mind, the game is still in Alpha which brings pros and cons with it. *Thanks to 'Peon' and his first impression video I bought this game on steam.First things first, time to make a character. The character customisation is in my opinion a bit scarce. Right now, players can chose out of 2 factions, couple of hair styles, tattoos and you can change your character a bit. Do not expect a indept-character customisation.  Conclusion: I created a Midlander.When I first joined a server, it showed me a 'okey' tutorial. Just a common tutorial without any specialtys, supported by a starterpack, which provide you a bow, shield, sword and other stuff. (Still, I recommend a more specific tutorial eventhough the game is not hard to understand.)So far, so good. The graphics looks good, no lagg, a decent ping and weapons to start with. After my glorious start I went outside and explore the world. Luckely I found a helpful guild who showed me the world, while grinding mobs and crafting stuff. PVPing in a guild or a party is awesome, unless you lose ofcourse.The tournaments are also a good feature of the mod. PvPing others while you can not lose any stuff and gaining a lot of experience.Even the upgrading system is decent, while you get a decent amount of experience and do not forget the money which you will get.I forgot one big thing in the game, Crafting. Yeah, the game has a indept-crafting system. From gaining/looting recipes to leveling up your specific 'skill'. For example, Weaponforging, Armoursmithing etc. Right now, the active members of my guild have all their own specific skill/role. You provide each other with recipes and materials to get the desired weapon/armour.Everything which is stated above, is positive. Guess what, every game has pros and cons and like CV, this game also has cons. Starting with the fact that it is in ALPHA. Do not expect a perfect 4-hour game run, without encountering numerous buggs and glitches. Yeah, sometimes your arms disappear or mysteriously lose stuff while logging in on servers.The combat is 'okey', but really needs a optimisation. It really feels buggie from time to time.Crafting system is good, but you have to grind a lot to reach your desired level.Overall, I personally have more pros then cons. The community is very helpfull, but as far as I know, can also be a pain in the ***. But yeah, there are always people who **** up the game. I would say, when you buy the game and join a server, join a guild. The game is way more fun when grouping up with a guild. It is also more rewarding when you find the right guild, which are capable of making good weapons and armour.With the right party you can literally do everything, from bossing till massive pvping. I recommend this game to people who likes this style of game and do not mind  the combination of PVEing and PVPing. Also, grinding is part of the game, but you will enjoy it when you fully understand the game. My advise is simple, find a guild or group and explore the world!I'll see you on the battlefield.Thanks for reading"
76561198049505996,Recommended,327070,25058985,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Formfire76,"I've been on Steam for nearly five years now and Gloria Victis is the first game to motivate me to write a review. PvP is a truely rewarding experience, it is easy to grasp but if you manage to master it you will make a name for yourself amongst your allies and your foes. There is a partial loot system which is perfect I believe. The risk of losing something you put time and effort into crafting causes you to choose your fights carefully, but not so much so that you never see PvP.If you really want to get the most out of Gloria Victis join a guild and get to know them, learn how they fight, and discuss strategies. Top tier gear and weapons will not save you from an equally numbered enemy with a well thought out/executed strategy. Another rewarding feeling in GV is being part of a guild that has made itself well known even across servers.Crafting in this game is amazing. See something you'd like to have? First of all you have to find the recipe. Then travel throughout the world gathering the resources you will need to craft all of its components. Bring your materials back to a castle your nation owns, and take those materials through numerous processes at various workstations. What you just made could be a standard piece of equipment, but with a little luck it could be Pristine. Every piece of armor and weapon in the game ranges from base stats to +6. Your chance to create a +6 item depends on your reputation, the crafting station you are using, the level of your profession, and the amount of territory your nation owns. This motivates even the crafters to come out and PvP.The developers are constantly making improvements and fixing bugs found by the players,and has made a lot of progress since I began playing. Gloria Victis shows potential I have never seen in another game, which is why after 5 years on steam I have to decided to write my first review. Try it out, join a guild, and make a name for yourself."
76561198077655412,Recommended,327070,30403887,Posted: 8 March,all,Steadi Yeti,"750+ hours later. i thought, i should write a review about the game and it's current state as of 3/8/2017. Yes, it is in early alpha but i have gotten the game shortly before Christmas. so having a bit over 3-4 months into the game it has changed greatly, with revamped locations. New high tier crafting, more CONTINUOUS players. So as for development i commend them for fixing issues they can right away, and putting other issues on the back burner. So far from what the devs have done with the game in their time developing the game itself, it’s well worth the 20$ to support this team and try out the game for a few hours! In posts and information is always great they give no true deadlines and try to release content that isn’t broken and if it is, fixes are relatively quick. So, as of this time and moment I am happily awaiting the new animations from one experienced animator that worked on the Witcher 3. With many painful deaths from desync and all of that i am greatly looking forward to the new update to hopefully fix that and  a huge combat overhaul. But as for the game itself grab a few friends and give it a go! It’s one hell of a ride and i’ve seen plenty of people stop, and come back in just the few months i’ve played! Hopefully see You around! IGN: iYeti."
,Recommended,327070,30824274,Posted: 29 March,all,xwboy,"I've spent quite a bit of time in this game and here are my impressions:The Good:-Non-lock combat with directional attacks and simple block mechanic-Variety of playstyles: a heavily armored knight wielding a greatsword, a light-armored two-handed axe user who flanks the enemy, or maybe even a deadly but vulverable archer?-Partial loot system makes getting kills rewarding but getting killed not a game-ruining experience-Leveling is relatively easy and quick: there are quests scattered around the map and ""world events"" that bring many players together for great XP and loot-Crafting is a worthwhile profession: it can make you lots of money and allows you to make the best gear available-Speaking of that, recipes are lootable but require craters to use them to create armor and weapons. This creates a strong trade economy.-Devs are dedicated and extremely active. Usually a patch per week that fixes a multitude of bugs and adds some new features.-Sieges are fun. Really fun. Seeing the banner fly over the (newly added!) keep after breaking down several gates and fighting the player and NPC garrison is very satisfying. Defending a castle against superior numbers and winning is great and even losing can be rewarding - you'll go home with bags full of loot!-Graphics are ok. Nothing to marvel at but good for an MMO. They are improving slightly as new graphics settings are added.The Bad:-Animations are a bit odd (especially jumping) and can sometimes be a bit glitchy. However, new motion-capture animations are promised to being coming in an update soon.-The weapon balance isn't too good. Two-handed axes do insane damage, while greatswords are only viable if you're wearing heavy armor and need to conserve stamina. One handers are generally bad and are only good when a shield is needed for a formation or when facing large groups at a chokepoint. Spears fill a useful role for stabbing through gates and standing behind shieldwalls.-Player counts on some servers are low (Russia, SE Asia, and Oceania mainly) but US and EU servers are always very populated.-Community is generally helpful and positive, but there is some turmoil among the many guilds (which has sometimes led to civil war and teamkilling)The Ugly:-THE DESYNC: The desync is sometimes insanely bad, to the point where the location of an enemy will be shown to you with a one second delay, causing none of your hits to connect and blocking to be almost impossible. This isn't always a problem (most of the time the desync is fairly minor) but it's most annoying when playing an archer. The desync fix should come soon with the new animations.-The optimization: This being an early access game, some lag is to be expected. If your system isn't too up-to-date, don't expect good framerates. Now that I'm playing on a 1070 and a 6700k I get 60-70 FPS at 1440p ultra, but on a laptop with a 940m I was getting 15-20 at 1080 on minimum/off settings. The game is constantly getting small performance bumps though.-The faction system. Players can create characters of both factions and switch between them easily. This allows enemies to create characters that teamkill and open gates to make taking castles easier. This ruins the game for everyone.tl;drThe game is fun with good base mechanics. The combat is a highlight and the devs are hard at work, releasing patches frequently. The lag and ""spies"" can be game-ruining experiences at time, but the lag issue is already being addressed."
,Recommended,327070,23877587,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,CommanderRatBoy,"So I've played for roughly 4 hours but here is my experience so far.Left the Midlander spawn and saw a man being chased by a bear. Went to help him and killed the bear.He looked at me and said, ""I like the way you killed dat bear boy."" I thanked him and was quickly invited to his warband after  I asked him how to get to Limetown. He and his band of 15 men were leading a raiding party so they said they could use the help.We took the village with little effort and pressed on. However the Ismirs were not happy and came back 20 or so strong. I died quite fast since I was underleveled. As my screen faded to black I heard a faint voice throught my speakers, ""mmmmm I like the way you die boy.""10/10 would join creepy guy's warband again!"
,Recommended,327070,23494328,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,ForgeDrake,2nd Day of the world (early access)so far game seems to have pleasent people - the pvp is creative if not completed - and the quests are inif you think this game looks good I'd buy it - the game world looks similar to the photos - it worked both on my dsl and satilite (700 ping and still little to no laag)the gameplay is solid for a new game - crafting is fun - resource gathering requires time but doesn't feel grindyits not all roses but for a early access I have had supriseingly few complaints and as a long term mmo'er (23 years now) I'm shocked at how few crashes/downtime/restarts server has had only being down a few mins for hot patches its been running very well for the time I playedI'll update this later once I'm 50+ hours inok quick update since I'm now 10+ hours incombat is not as simple as I first believed (not all the weapons are really functional yet but the ones that are work well) with thrust attacks left/right swinging - overhead attacks - and different weapons being good / bad against different armors and styles - for instance a spear is better at a thrust attack then a side swing - getting reduced damage but doing different kinds of damage - add in shield blocking to stagger a opponent - archery early game is not great against players but works very well against animals and npcs - later on I'm told its good against players if you focus on it (not sure if true but I'm aiming for archer) not to mention backstabbing with a axe is just fun and does bonus damage so group tactics can really turn a fight around.as for crafting its allot deeper then I thought  - however at this time different materials don't give different bonuses (I'm told they will) but I found it a good mix of complexity and simple to learn and very good xp to lvl up with - if your a heavy crafter you can level up simple by making things and handing it out (I normally hand out 3 for every 10 I make selling the other 7 for new recipies)custimization of characters is interesting - you get 1 special point for 4 different abilities such as less stamina used when blocking or less stamina when running - level 2 is more damage or better power attacks ect - really lets you make a faster character back stabber or power attacker to really fit your style without needing classes
,Recommended,327070,33879433,Posted: 29 July,all,Smidibones,"An MMORPG that actually makes the genre fun again for one very simple reason:  The combat takes skill, and is fun.With that said...- Devs are actively updating and it seems they are trying.- ***Desperately needs a proper global channel.  The default is the help channel and you can't get questions answered because your post will be instantly flooded out by trolls..... Although this seems like a minor problem - it actually is so bad I can't log on anymore, and when I do I have to close the window, or be drawn into constantly arguing with morons.- Travelling takes way too long.  I am all for immersion and things not being easy, but when 4 people have to travel for an hour just to meet up every time you want a gorup - it gets old fast.  At the very least there should be a teleport option for guildmembers, portals  to specific major locations, or mounts.  Again....this point is preventing me from continuing to play.- Crafting is absolutely amazing all around.- Needs thousands more items and items need to have proper working stats.  The entire system is broken atm.  You will get higher dmg off things with lower dmg for example.  But the combat is so fun, you won't really care about this in the beginning.Overall, in comparison to other early access games on here - this game is leaps and bounds ahead..   It has legit potential to be a ""best game ever"" type game.  But it's still painfully slow to see how long it takes them to make changes.  You people are making a FORTUNE and there is no excuse for this.  I originally installed this last year - and it's still barely playable for more than a day or 2.  Use some of that money for staff and get this done before you lose what little momentum you have.Just because you're updating more than most on steam - doesn't justifiy charging ANYTHING for this game.  People are getting sick of being played and ripped off and this whole early access thing is going to be a memory if you dont start doing something.  Stop celebrating before you even got invited to the party."
,Recommended,327070,23819431,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Hans Gasenheimer,"This game is a very well crafted blend between a traditional MMO (like World of Warcraft) and a game like Mount & Blade: Warband. If you love either of those games, or both, then I would look into getting Gloria Victis. The game is heavily based on two things: grinding for better equipment/skills & team-oriented PvP (as well as PvE to a smaller degree at the moment). You are one of either two factions. The Midlanders are protrayed as a fuedal European culture. The Ismirs can be closely related to Vikings. There is not much variation between the two factions other than their visuals, but I'd expect that to change with coming content updates. The dev team is also in the process of adding two additional factions, as well as more features when creating your character. I recommend you DO buy this game!!"
,Recommended,327070,31661393,Posted: 10 May,all,Craig,Some truly amazing things can happen when you have about 14 men working together to attack or defend a castle.This game has a heavy emphasis on crafting. It's usually a good idea to find a guild and farm some materials for them to get some gear.Don't get caught up in loosing gear. I was kicking a lot of♥♥♥♥♥in just the merchant heavy gear.The combat isn't as smooth as chivalry but it is very very similar.The game has made leaps and bounds over the last year and the devs continue to produce new content and tweak the environment. The community seems pretty nice too. Nothing toxic that I've seen so far.Midlanders for life!
76561198090747907,Recommended,327070,31010938,Posted: 7 April,all,[LGD] JamesDJones,One of the best games I have played. Dev team is vary active. Love they wat the game is not to hard to pickup and play at anytime. There is just so much to do and so many ways to do it. Good leveling no real class locking. PVP is fun and skill based. Looting is alot like WoW. cloth armor is oddly a good pick of PvP. Guilds get to have there flag on top of places they take over. crafting... ALL OF THE CRAFTING.... All in all this game is vary fun but it does have its pros and consProsGood for the priceActive Dev TeamFun levelingLots of contentLoads of questGuildsCRAFTINGLongConsServer side lag (Server thinking you uner and object when you on top of it / Some combat )Some anitmations are a bit offNot anuff dongens
76561198110015447,Recommended,327070,31043335,Posted: 9 April,all,Bear,"Amazing Early Access game.Great questing/crafting & gathering system (Excellent solo play)PvP & wars are intense as soon as you join a group who's fighting another group, even small scale battles are crazy because you can never leave your back open to enemies or you're done for.Realistic fighting, 1v2's are hard because you won't be able to get any attacks in if they're a good team and keep you on the defense.Large world/claiming system - Awesome sized world with tons of different mobs to fight and quests to do around, and the claiming system is great because it gives you the chance to claim a castle/fort/mine/etc... for your faction & guild.I do hope they customize the claiming system to allow some sort of personalized builds so players can set up their mown markets and have offline selling implemented to bolster the player economy.Great game with tons of little bugs that aren't usually game-breaking and constaly updates from the devs.A must buy for any fans of Mount & Blade: Warband and anyone who like in-depth medieval games."
76561198017898607,Not Recommended,327070,24255385,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,MexicanPepper,"I play more than 400 hours on this, and I'm telling you why I don't recommend this game.I bear all bugs, lag, and boring redundant never end crafting.But what I really don't like is the current version of this game give so much convenience to bad behavior players.For example, when you fight on some monster such as boss, they can just stand very close to you and eventually you will hit them no matter how careful you are, and you become a traitor, then they will just kill you, loot your armor (no need to mention they can loot more stuff since you're criminal), and kill the boss. Even worse, You have to stay on criminal land for 10 min with high reduced reputation.Also, they can stay way, way away from you and just focus target on boss, when the boss down, they can loot him as well as you, no matter the distance. Yeah, you kill the boss for them! And you can do nothing!!!"
,Recommended,327070,30865582,Posted: 31 March,all,stoopkid,"This game is excellent.  Large scale PvP combat, castle sieges, tournaments, comprehensive crafting and gathering system, solid community, etc.  During peak hours there are always warbands of players together raiding enemy territories and during the slow hours you have time to gather, craft, and fortify structures.  There is always something going on and something to do.  Remember, this game is in ALPHA -- Expect bugs, expect problems.  I see a lot of negative reviews by people that apparently don't understand what ""Alpha"" means.  The developers work very hard on fixing all of the known bugs and improving the game in general and they listen to community suggestions when it comes to the development of the game."
76561198014416819,Recommended,327070,34462809,Posted: 24 August,all,BrowneHawk,"I'm close to 80 hours. Max lvl.  I have about a week of lvl 100 pvp under my belt.  I'm glad I bought this game.  currently as of 8-24-17 the pve is so so.  The pvp really shines though, even with some of its glitches.  If you are into a skill based pvp games and don't mind dealing with smaller pops this is a game for you.  I consider end game a cross between Warhammer online, darkfall, with mount and blade warband thrown in.Update. Love this game. The pvp is awsome. It also has taco's."
76561198074582271,Recommended,327070,26262448,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Rednexela,"Huge potential, very hard working devs, needs polish"
76561198036946913,Recommended,327070,31317516,Posted: 23 April,all,JustCrane,"I usualy dont write reviews... I'm not even sure if i ever did ^.^ but I've been reading through the existing reviews and wanna offer my own opinion:First of all I just wanna adress some of the negative reviews. While I could see alot of reasonable and correct arguments, as usual there is once again that big group of people, not understanding how EA works and people like that simply gotta stop writing any reviews at all x) Yes, there are alot of bugs right now. Yes, it often is quite laggy which can affect pvp combat and yes, there is some lack of endgame content, which basicly is completely oriented on PvP. Yet as already said, those are the same arguments people bring up while talking about an EA game. Those issues will be resolved the closer we get to the games release. Of course as an EA game it can fail before it even gets released but we are not pesimistic are we? Oh, you are? Then u might aswell get out now! Just kidding :P There is always a risk but so far the devs hold on tight to their project.Lets get to the positive aspects of GV. The developers tried to build a realistic envirement and the game has a very special atmosphere. There is a spark of fantasy here and there but enemies like a spectre or giants limit themselves to be special bosses or part of an event. Most things you will encounter are either humans or animals, be it a dirty little thief which you encounter in the beginning or a leader of an entire army which requires a big group just to reach his position.The combat system is still very clunky yet much more interesting to me than the average mmorpg. Its moves, blocks and kicks to break an enemies guard remind strongly of games like chivalry or mount & blade (can't say that for sure, didnt play it, just seen videos). Also at the time of me writing this review there is a highly anticipated update in its polishing phase which is expected to solve that clunkyness and other issues regarding combat and put a real flow into your battles.PvE at this point offers a decent amount of different enemies. Drops can be quite rewarding, as even a little henchman has a good chance to drop a weapon or a piece of armor that is actualy worth wearing. Keep your eyes open for chests and crates in bigger camps or near special enemies, as they can hold good crafting materials and occasionaly some pretty decent gear. You don't have to wait until you reach max lvl (100) to encounter bosses which of course usualy yield a better reward than their minions. Of course once you reach a higher lvl you can take on bigger bosses which will can drop high end gear or even the much more desired recipe's to craft high end gear yourself.PvP is a huge part in this game. Basicly the whole endgame at this point as soon as you reached max lvl and stocked up on high end gear and found all the crafting recipes you are interested in. Fight for your nation to take over outposts and even castles. Holding those will benefit all of your brothers! During peak time there is a good amount of people attacking and defending said settlements. Trying to tear down gates or walls, burning farms or on the other side positioning a solid shield wall on the frontline while the back rows and archers on the wall put pressure on the attackers. But dont be reckless! if you die enemies players have a chance to steal some of your items for a short period of time.Not everything, dont worry, but maybe 2-3 of your most precious possesions. Then again... you can do the same ;)In addition, there are the ""valley of death"" tournaments where the two nations fight it out on an arena like map followed by a PvP focused open world event. Both the tournament and the following event dont allow players to be looted so... just go full berserk if you want to! :PThe crafting system is quite deep and time consuming. Other than in most mmorpgs, you have to do every step to the finished product yourself. You dont just take a steel bar and turn it magicly into a sword. You gotta put work into it! I personaly love it, others hate it. Simply a matter of opinion. Make sure to use the correct kind of work station to ensure the best possible product.One thing about the developers. I'm not one of those guys who watch over their shoulder but my experience so far is, while they might not be the most experienced developers, those guys put hard work and their hearts into this project. They listen to their community and try to solve issues that concern us while pushing the game further and further and that is something I rarely encountered and admire!So, if you understand what early acces games are and the risks and problems they bring with them I can definitly recommend you Gloria Victis!This review got way to long im sorry xD and despite the fact that english is obviously not my first language I hope you are able to understand what I tried to tell you."
76561198005404224,Recommended,327070,29898714,Posted: 13 February,all,Phalnax811,"This is not a Yes or No.  I will be marking it as a Yes but please consider it as a MAYBE.This game has been on my wishlist for many, many months and finally decided to purchase.Why Yes:+Medieval combat+Crafting+PVE+Pretty good graphics+Resource Gathering+Good RPG layers+You can craft anywhere (though crafting in the correct workshop grants a bonus)+Leveling up your character is easy enough.+Daily login/cumulative challenges.+Depot where you can deposit stuff for safe keeping+Frequent Updates+Good Dev communication+Good potentialWhy No:-Oh god the lag is horrible.-Oh god my FPS is horrible - I exceed the recommended stats.  Its been above 30 FPs only a few times. Usually 17-25.-The crafting is overly complicated-Leveling up the crafting levels so you can craft better things is way too tedious and slow (at least better gear can be bought with no level restrictions)-Apparently they're going to add some simple magic which will be an eventual negative.-PVP is pointless due to lag and bad animations (new animations in the works though!)-PVE is lifeless but difficult while low level.-No fast travel between allied territories-No offline mode-WTF is the difference between Glory and Contribution? I got several thousand Glory in my first week of play and got zero out of that. There is a Glory Shop that I'm still barred from.-Aggressive animals will walk over or under you due to maybe server lag. Makes fighting them a chore sometimes.-Inventory is so bugged. I tried to have it organized. Weapon in the first rows of page 1. Metals in the next page/Bag. But everything switches around on me at random. Except Tools, that stayed in slot 1 since day 1. Odd.-I'm getting better at combat - parrying, countering etc but lag/stuttering makes it less enjoyable. Hopefully new animations will remedy that.-Jumping/falling is embarrassingly funny/bad.Hopefully you'll find less flaws if you decide to purchase.(Yes, it is Early Access so I will revise my review as things change)"
,Recommended,327070,29159617,Posted: 10 January,all,Kawaii-Spazzolino :3,"What Is Gloria Victis?Gloria Victis is a MMORPG with an emphasis on realism, set in a low-fantasy medieval open world. Enjoy skill-based non-target combat, open PVP with territory control, deep, expanded crafting system, player-driven economy and a mature, extensive storyline – all that served with beautiful, realistic graphics and immersive atmosphere.Choose one of two nations: proud Midlanders inhabiting vast green lands or vengeful Ismirs from the frosty North and join the conflict!Description of the game on the Steam storePros:It has a beautiful, amazing and immersive world.It is indeed very detailed and since the very first moment you join in, you'll feel a sense of immersion from the music and the high-quality environment which fits well in a medieval game.Faction based with a lot of massive pvp combat.Even if there are only two factions, the developers will say they're going to add up to four. You will feel a heavy sense of pride whilst fighting for your nation, you will be able to capture castles, towns, farms, mines and upgrade them with better walls, better resource spawns, gates and even more.The in-depth crafting.Some people may like it or not. It's about leveling more than one ""skill branch"", for example : I will not be able to craft heavy plate armour until I get skilled in tailoring ( To make the basic pair of gloves ), Engineering ( To make wire, rings and chainmail ), Forestry and farming, ( To make Billets, charcoal, butchering animals for hide ) Mining ( To mine coal, iron, limestone, pyrite, in order to make ingots etc ).Non-Target and classless combat.No lock-on enemies. This feels a lot like Mount & Blade : In order to defeat your opponent you have to master your skills with weapons like bows, longswords, axes, polearms etc. The classless combat sure is good, if you do not with to be an archer anymore you can just change your equipment and switch to heavy armour and melee but you will not have the benefits of other warriors : They could have better health, and a faster stamina regeration since, they've been using skill points on strenght and costitution instead of dexterity.Clean user interface.While most of MMOs out there have a lot of interface, this one is minimalistic : No health bars or level one pop up when fighting an npc, you can reduce the size of the minimap and so on.Fair PVP looting system.It's simply partian, when you get killed by a player, they will have a certain amount of time to loot your body, and when they start looting, they will have a certain amount of points to loot. For example, if I kill someone and I want to loot him/her, I will have points which will reduce themselves if I take too long. Armor and equipped items require a lot of points in order to be stolen. The longer you wait, the less you loot.Astonishing Soundtrack.This game has one of the best soundtrack I've ever heard, some songs have been made by Marcin Przybyłowicz, the compositor who has made many of ""The Wither Saga"" songs.Cons:The UI.It is not very responsive and you may find delay between clicking the mouse and doing something in game.The map.It needs a lot of rework and polishment, it is very bugged and you could get stuck basically anywhere, funtionalities like waypoints should be implemented as soon as possible too.Sounds and Animations.This relates to the combat. Animations are not well made and lack any sort of realism. Sounds too are lacking and they do not feel convincing at all.PVE Combat.This game relies on PVP. It is an MMO and some people just like to fight into dungeons. ( A PVE update however, is more likely to come into the future. )General Bugs, and Servers.Of course, it's an early acces and it's still an Alpha but the Servers lag way too much. People exploit their rubberbanding to beat you, and lag is a common issue.Graphics : 9/10.Very good for an MMO and developers are improvising and optimizing them often.Music : 9/10.Truly outstanding, this would have been a 10/10 howvever the games lacks different soundtracks and it may feel repetitive sometimes.Gameplay : 8/10.The gameplay is really good, it is addicting but this only happens when you have friends to play with, grinding is boring and it lacks of quests and missions.Content : 7/10.There is not a lot of stuff, a lot of players do not like current animations, sounds, there are Items with broken textures, but hopefully many things will be added and fixed later.Controls : 8/10.Learning is not hard. But getting used to the controls of an MMO is. Lucklily I can say that you won't have any difficulty learning them.Overall and personal commentAs of now, I'm really impressed about the progress this game is making. The developers are working really hard in order to improve it and they listen to the feedback by the players. Normal developers should take example on this Team. The release date is scheduled for the end of 2017 and I have high expectations, expecially from the Devs. It is indeed very innovative fun to play, plus if you want to try the game once it's done, the Devs will allow you to play it for free for a few days.Do I want to play more? Yes I do, it is very entertaining.Do I raccoment this game? Yes I do, but at its current state, No. Unless you are ready to face bugs and glitches don't bother you."
76561197971965446,Not Recommended,327070,23649910,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,NoxMortus,For an Alpha is a fairly enjoyable game.There is great depth to the crafting system and a significant amount of period research displayed in the game.This game is if M&B removed the macro and indulged yourself into the micro.----This is an amended post based upon current state of game----The game's potential is ruined by crippling server lag issues. Lag causing hits to not register and 'rubberbanding' are just the beginning.Do not waste your money at this stage.
76561198165622084,Recommended,327070,23771160,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Garack,"Nice Sandbox MMO!--Good Balanced PvP with Not full Loot but Looting Point , very good idea, cant loot all but enough to make pvp Tensioned!--Nice Details--Good Graphics--Very good crafting--Not one crash after 30 Hours.--Good Patch Cycles"
,Not Recommended,327070,31943182,Posted: 24 May,all,Einherjar/Dave,"Short notice beforehand: if you are someone who is playing games for the community, stay away from this game as far as possible, while it possible to find decent lads to enjoy your time with, you will find more friendly people on the enemy side even though you are their enemy.   Dislcaimer, i exclusively played as a Mid on the Eu servers, so I can just give basic intel about the community on the ismir side. Atm I would not recommend the game, the rather unfriendly community, the slow development progress (i cannot hear the word update is coming soon anymore) and the very unpolished gameplay are things that need to be taken care of before I would recommend the game.The Gameplay needs quiet a lot of polishing ( animation update is coming ''soon'' which shall fix desynch issues, etc.), fighting and building towns is rather basic at the moment, there are also some , lets call them interesting balance choices (why would my heavy armor so massively decrease the damage of my sword?), but the crafting is very detailed, to the point were it can be a huge positive point for crafting fanatics but a huge bummer for people who dont want to bother with crafting. Group Fighting is, thanks to desynch, no real colission detection and a lot of names popping up rather frustrating and the exact oposite of smooth. Also Npc enemies tend to be buggy (a giant can simply bug out of a closed castle and can be pulled around the whole map)The Develepoment of the game is progressing rather slow, and I honestly don't see how they want to reach their deadline for bringing the game out of alpha at the end of the year with their speed. Telling the people soon is never a good idea, better giving the community some dates and when the situation occurs that more time is needed explain to them why. The project seems just way too big for such a small developer team and so I think the game won't leave the alpha stage for at least another whole year.graphics: Well, not really pretty, but most of the time also not really cancerous, depends on your personal view on graphics, i found it okay enough to look at it for my playtime.The community, is well, lets call it mixed. The Midlandic community on the eu servers are very rough to newbies (newbies in sieges are gettting yelled at instead of explaining things to them and giving out at least some decent gear to them), veteran players are paranoid (for explanation, it is possible to open the doors of a friendly castle for the enemies and there is no cooldown on the login between different factions) and they will often accuse others of beeing traitors. Also, if you think outside of the box, or want to have fun outside of the typical i will slaughter 10 ismirs today, people won't really be happy. You should also be aware that veterans will put the blame on your faction for nearly everything and don't exspect much help when the castle/town you are in is beeing raided except its audunstedte, The original faiths keep or maybe fort. All other places are not deemed defenceworthy and are just beeing left alone, which can let newbies in a rather difficult situation against heavy armed and experienced warbands. Also townbuilding, which should be job of the community, is normaly done by just one or two people, so I wouldn't count on help to fortify a position.I will update this Review when the animations update is coming out."
,Recommended,327070,23566227,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Roderick,"Started playing today and I ended up playing for 11 hours.PROS+Immersive as ♥♥♥♥+Beautiful graphics+Devs constantly patch and update the game, and pay attention to the community.+Sieguing and Castle Upgrading+Amazing community.+Crafting system is fantastic+Teamwork is REALLY necessary.CONS-The only cons I can find are fixable things, like some bugs, glitches and kinda bad hitboxes during combat.One of the best MMORPG and Medieval games I've played."
76561198134716198,Recommended,327070,30083929,Posted: 21 February,all,Animosity,This game has a really great base for building a fun to play MMO. Although in its current state it does not offer a ton of content for a experianced MMO player to consume. It is worth picking up if you want to test a possiable great MMO before it full releases. It is also worth picking up if you want to support indie developers. It would be cool to see a small company create a top level MMO experiance.
76561198017148971,Recommended,327070,26200048,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Copy That,"This game is great.If you are a fan of the Mount & Blade games or Chivalry like myself I am willing to bet that you will really enjoy this game as well. I have had my eye on this game for a while and only recently picked it up when a buddy of mine and myself were really craving a co-op M&B experience. This game gives you that and more.Imagine M&B with crafting, building, and open world pvp/co-op.The next best thing about Gloria Victis, especially being in EA, is that the devs are very frequent with their patches and updates. I feel safe and invested with buying this game because up to this point the devs have been really good at bettering the game.The things I've found that bothered me a bit were minor but there. Such as, combat definitely needs polishing but is still fun and back to my previous point; as I write this review an update is scheduled to hit within the next couple days that is going to vastly improve combat animations and mechanics etc. So I personally am thrilled to see such good work coming from the devs and so frequently.As long as you understand what EA is and enjoy getting into a good one you will love this."
,Recommended,327070,23478798,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,RonMySon,"Had my doubts after playing reign of kings.  ♥♥♥♥ reign of kings.  This game is amazing.  Has the best medieval combat i have ever seen in a game of its type.  With combat elements from war of the roses and mount and blade warband easily recognisable (yet obviously lacking some polish, it is ealry access after all).  Starting off isnt too hard and the community is always willing to help.  Great game.  Have had no major performance issues so far."
,Recommended,327070,29074586,Posted: 6 January,all,Brandon,alot of people are giving this game a thumbs down. But in truth they are not taking in to account that this game. is in alpha.GV has alot going for it. the devs are always updating and makeing Progress consistanly. Not 6 month large patches.they are in the process of getting better servers. Yes The game does rubberband at times but not like people are making it out to be. i say Its worth the 19.99 if you dont get in Now. you are going to regret it when its 60 bucks Do not Listen to all of these people that are giving a Thumbs down. they go out get killed and looted and uninstall and write bad reviews. if they had paid attention to the game it brings out that traviling beyond the safe zone without a party is a bad idea
76561198022006469,Not Recommended,327070,23513427,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Sinatra,"Steam Release - Gonna be an epic gameTwo Weeks Of Play - Exploiting reuined it for me, duped players with max level make it unfair to defend or attack anything. Game is Not currently Recommended."
76561198076952520,Recommended,327070,23548379,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,StillSalty,"This game has real potential, but the early access sticker is there for a reason. Its much-touted combat system is clunky and hits that should connect just dont more often than not. Once they've ironed out the bugs though, I think we'll have something fun and exciting! What interests me most is not the directional swings (they don't seem to provide much help atm) but the charged attack/guard system: knowing when to unleash your attacks against each type of foe is a key combat mechanic and it keeps things interesting. Just wish that sword arm connected as it should.Other warnings: their crafting system is very intricate, which I like, but they really need to expand on gathering. We've been hanging around respawning resource nodes since WoW and at this point I like to see something a bit more innovative from MMOs."
76561198008447876,Recommended,327070,26368202,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Avron,"I've played a lot of mmorpgs, and I mean just about all of the ones worth playing. I've also had my fair share of early access games, with my experience with mmos it's hard for one to stick out to me but this one despite its bugs is one of the most enjoyable mmos I've played lately, it still has a way to come but it's in the right direction, don't trust the bad reviews because you'll miss out on great time.Things I like about the game-open world-open world pvp with a fair loot system-world quests that pop up at random-running around with other players in your faction raiding villages capturing them for your team-deep crafting that actually feels meaningful-your class is pretty much decided by your gear-medieval setting with lots of cool authentic looking gearCons-no kind of auction house to my knowledge-overall bugs (npcs randomly popping up that you never saw on your way, random lines coming off of npcs, general bugs but nothing that makes the game unplayable)-party / friend system needs polishingCan't wait to see what this game has in store for updates, and it's a really good time when you map the controls to an Xbox controller"
76561198042015154,Recommended,327070,25406763,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Vanok | lowfn,"This is an unbelievably fun game, especially for only being in its alpha stages. Unlike most MMORPGs where you just get epic loot from killing a monster or big boss, here you have to work long and hard to expand your knowledge of weaponsmithing, engineering, metallurgy, etc in order to get what you desire. And the game executes this in a way that doesn't feel like an unending grindfest, especially when you're constantly wanting to help out your nation conquer territories belonging to your rivals.Coming into the game, I didn't care much about what nation I was in, and just picked the one most appealing to me, as neither seemed to provide anything unique for joining either one. I quickly found out that the unique factor was in the players themselves. Both nations each seem to have a certain mindset and war strategy that their playuers possess. And while this cannot be said for EVERY player in each nation, it is an apparent majority. And as I said, I originally did not care about the nations. Very quickly however, I felt pride for the nation I was in, which is something most games never seem to get quite right, even when they are far more worked out and thurough.I entered this game with the mindset that I'd have to entertain myself for more than two hours, or get a refund. I easily surpassed that two hour mark, and plan to dump more than fifty times the amount of time I have in the game at this moment.Not to mention, this game is in ALPHA.Rarely do I write reviews for games on Steam, much less ones that have more than 30 or so words, but with a game this surprisingly fun that isn't even finished yet, it more than deserved a few paragraphs of praise.10/10 would eat animal crackers whilst slaughtering ismir scum again"
76561198307009638,Recommended,327070,25236953,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,CanadianPixelz_,"lol so im playing this game on all low settings with integrated and it runs pretty smooth and looks pretty still, so i really have no argument against the game. sure it is full of glitches and stuff, as to be expected of early access, but the game is slowly working its way towards what it wants to be. honestly i have zero problem with the crafting too, why, because on their site, it specifically says that they want the crafting to include all of the steps that would take place if you were actually crafting the item.so yeah.. 7/10"
,Recommended,327070,28876569,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,BrownieZombie,"Gloria Victis should be used as an example of how an Early Access game should work. I'd like to start with saying that the game still needs improvement in the opimization but to me that is the only big issue. The Devs are very responsive to their community, they give updates on what their working on, and most importantly they actually update the game unlike many Early Access game devs.For minor issues, some players accustomed to huge successful MMO's may find a lack of things to do for PvE but it makes up for it in it's amazing PvP, normally I tend to stay clear of PvP but in Gloria Victis they use a dynamic map system which causes shifts in territory as 1 faction raids the other. They also have a Tournament system which can earn you huge amounts of XP and I don't think any other game does better in making you feel connected and proud in your faction than Gloria Victis.Anyone familiar with Mount & Blade will have no trouble learning the controls in Gloria Victis, while the combat system is NOT complete and still has a lot of work to be done (There's a patch coming out shortly that will add new combat animations) the combat is well enough that it isn't a chore to play and is actually a lot of fun. The best part of Gloria Victis in my opinion and many other players is the insanely in depth crafting system and AMAZING looking armors, from the traditional knight's plate armor to nordic warrior bear pelt headresses there is no lack of imagination and possibility in what you wear.The progress this game has made in the past months alone is truley amazing and I can't wait to see what it will become by next year."
,Recommended,327070,29142409,Posted: 9 January,all,TaTaTiRa,"The best massive multiplayer game i have ever played.It is low fantasy so no magics and stuff,wich is very nice gives a game on realism.All an all it is a very nice game i bought it on discount and it is worth the money,yes there are certain bugs in game but the game is much more than playable and it has a huge potential for much more improvement.I strongly recommend the game,everybody who likes the middle ages is going to love this game."
76561197962876865,Recommended,327070,28881932,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Kite,"Did you ever play the cRPG mod for Mount & Blade? Well, this is like an open world MMO version of that. The combat isn't quite as polished as M&B, but it's getting there and is still under development. Gloria Victis has a great community and if you are the sort of person who likes to join in server-wide battles, defending and taking territory, you will be right at home. The game has a great system that calls you to help your nation whenever an event happens. Join or skip, it's your choice. You are not forced to fight, but if you do, you will be rewarded with experience and perhaps something a little more substantial (armor/items/weapon).As for melee, your character's level helps, but you are still very dangerous as a lower level warrior. Attacking in packs, you can overwhelm the enemy. Even a farm tool can be deadly. You must manage your stamina well or you will be worthless in the fight. It takes some work, but if you spam the attack key, you will not last long. Shields are very useful as you can defend well without losing stamina.Soon, a new combat system will be implemented with all new animations done by Geralt of Rivia's combat animator for Witcher 3: Wild Hunt. I am eagerly awaiting this update as I think this has the potential to rocket GV into the limelight. Kudos to the devs for landing such a great talent.Archery works well and is very satisfying. You must account for gravity, distance and you'll need to lead targets. landing long-distance headshots are extremely gratifying and you are rewarded with XP for marksmanship.Immersion is excellent. Moody lighting, great music and sound effects help to plunge you into this medieval setting.Weapons do not have trailing effects. This is so nice since many games add these adn it completely breaks immersion to me. I hope they never add them (unless it's a fire arrow!).Lastly, if you are at all curious about the game, search YouTube for gameplay videos and decide for yourself. It's a steal at this price!!"
,Recommended,327070,26038923,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Falgar,traded my gf for this
76561198116308379,Recommended,327070,30320753,Posted: 4 March,all,Jem,Things I like:-support is really nice. They reply within the day and fix it a.s.a.p.-Crafting made easy you don't need to click every time u craft.-right click block only. no directional mouse blocking.-non-toxic community.-day-night cycle.-events for you to level up fast.-you get to have your own coat of arms =)-skill-based pvpI don't like:-not enough players in southeast asia.-1 well only available in the town. (as far as I know)-the well is one click per harvest. so if you need 30 buckets of water you'll click 30 times.-minor bugs (alpha build)So far so good! they are updating every week unlike other medieval survival games.
76561197979917549,Not Recommended,327070,33333772,Posted: 6 July,all,Mystic Bear Knight,"I really wanted to like this game and still have high hopes for it some day. Realistic honest assesment though: good potential, fun gameplay, yet too small, lackluster, and very poorly optimized.I bought the game early on and have come back to it numerous times trying to explore more and give it a shot.The game world is nice, but small. Transportation can be tedius or dangerous. I understand in the final product the game world will probably be much larger and even have mounts, but for now its meh. The combat is simple but effective and immersive - the animation overall will improve that when they iron out the bugs. The crafting system is probably enjoyable for some but I found it a tedius NIGHTMARE. Fortunately the game is still entirely playable by ignoring the crafting aspect, just fight and take off corpses, gather, sell, and buy from vendors - and later for better gear buy from a player crafter, Its not worth the trouble unless you enjoy it. My big gripe with this game is how poorly optimized it is. I could list half a dozen games my computer can run better that are more intensive than this, and yet I can run higher graphics settings and get better FPS. This game gets so much lag and bad FPS its basically unplayable on anything but top PC's in its current state.I will give respect to the devs. They started out such a tiny team and have grown. They are clearly passionate and dedicated and I wouldn't give up on them. Its still a beautiful idea of a game and its shaping up. But realistically and hoenstly I cannot recommend this game in its current state unless 1) you have a top of the line PC and 2) you are a little bored, don't mind grinding, and you love walking around pvp'ing. That's just where its at."
76561198252933122,Recommended,327070,23533607,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Epic Werewolf,"The game is obviously a long way from being finished, but it is still fun to play.  I could take or leave the crafting, but the PVP is a lot of fun.  If you decide to try this game, I recommend you start PVPing right away.  I am looking forward to updates and seeing how the game improves over time."
76561198015935341,Recommended,327070,23928568,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,wa11ace,"Yes, Recommended.  GLORIA VICTIS is fun and has lots of Potential... but is infested with lots of bugs.   I've put my time in on this sword slinger and I say it is going to be a great game.  The PVP combat is fun, hot and heavy.   Imagine sprinting under you bowmans relentless fire towards your enemies with you b@stard sword high over your head screaming ""FREEDOM"" at the top of your lungs.  Only to then cleve the SOB from the brisket to the chops!As far as crafting goes it's complex enough to be interesting while not being so intricate as to drive you nutty.  You need to find resources and horde them, refine them and ultimatly craft them into weapons, armor and consumables.   Consumables that buff your character readying you for battle.  So, you will need to spend part of your time gathering, refining and crafting.  Or, you could just add to the local economy and buy them from your faction members, leaving you more time to hack and slash away at npc's or loot some poor♥♥♥♥♥in PVP.Sure, there are lots of bugs and things to be worked out.   And yup there are crashes and lag and all the other horse hocky that are part of the Alpha process.  That said, the game has potential and is priced to sell.  Ultimately, though much improvment is needed, I DO RECOMEND Gloria Victis!"
76561198072274930,Recommended,327070,28769163,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Darkheartz,"Had this game for a couple of days and I'm already super impressed with Dev activity. Along with this, the game also delivers in Early Access what some games never manage upon release. About time we had a medival MMO this tasty."
,Recommended,327070,24226565,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,[FF] MuertoGonzo,played with a freind.friend stops playing.try playing solo.get ambushed 2 times a day a least.join a guild.ambush ismir scum.10/10 would ambush again.
,Recommended,327070,29531255,Posted: 27 January,all,Feezle Wombat,"Gloria Victis. First of all, this game is not forgiving in any sense of the word. It will kill you, it will steal from you, and it will do it over and over again. But you'll have an absolute blast while its happening.This is a early access MMO developed with Unity, and it comes with all of the bugs and issues you would expect from that. That being said, I have never yet seen a team of developers more committed to releasing a quality title. Both for the fans that have support them over the (sometimes arduous) years of deveopment, and to the MMO community as a whole; which has been oversaturatred with lackluster releases, pay to win nightmares, and carbon copy cash grabs. This game is none of those things. Through regular updates and consistent communication with their players, the devs are creating an MMO experience that no other game can currently match.It's a large, open world sandbox that does so many things right. Open world PvP with a focus on zone control and competitive events make for an engaging, and challenging experience whenever desired.  These central hubs for player vs. player combat do wonders for enruring the world never seems empty of action. The are similar events centered around PvE combat if the real thing is too daunting for newer players. And to top it off, there is an incredibly immersive and extensive crafting system waiting for anyone who is up to the task. Be a soldier on the front lines. Be a wandering adventurer who goes where the battle and the winds take them. Be a master crafter for a guild of warriors, ensuring they always have weapons and armor ready for battle. And why is that necessary?I'm so glad you asked.This game features a partial loot system. Meaning when a player dies, for a short window of time enemy players have the opportunity to loot a few items off of his body/inventory.  This system is implemented is a great way, and is honestly my favorite aspect of the game. It brings risk vs. reward to the table in a whole new way, and will be a major contributing factor to the heart pumping experience that this game's PvP delivers. You might loose that amazing sword you love using so much. But in the next battle, you might pick up an axe that delivers death even more swiftly to your foes. You'll never loose eveything, so getting back into the action immediately is never an issue.So if this sounds like the MMO youve been longing for, or even considering, I highly recommend giving it a go, and seeing what the world of Gloria Vicitis can offer you. Happy slaughtering."
76561198018644284,Recommended,327070,23548366,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,CedZ,"This game is very overwhelming at first, especially the crafting system, but once you get the hang of it, it's an amazing game.There's some bugs and some tweaks needed, but the game is more than playable right now, the devs are very active in game and in the steam forums so it looks promising.If you have some question, I might be able to answer :)"
,Recommended,327070,26544383,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,RWG BigBeasty,"This game I had heled off on buying for six months, but it was still on my radar! Finally it went on sale and I jumped! I'm glad I did!The combat may not be tip notch but compared to other hack and slash games its a bit easier but makes it more enjoyable! An theres enough to it that keeps even the vets on their toes in a 1v1 toss up!The game has much to offer, plenty of pve, crafting, event, and real world map town raids! Which do affect the opposing faction! Certain towns had certain benfits for crafting stations or benches!This game has alot of depth and is a great mmo for people who loved war of the roses! You must buy!"
,Recommended,327070,27778710,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Y.BOTHER,"Well, After 66 hours I can safely say this game is pretty fun in its current state once you get past some quirks that will hopefully be worked out by release. I'd say with a bit more work this game could be a BIG hit. Keep up the good work Devs!"
76561198184627995,Recommended,327070,28851583,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,No-Factor,"For starters, I have high hopes for this game. At this present moment in the development, the biggest complaint that I have is the fight mechanics. once these are fixed and smoothed out, I feel this game can and will only get better."
76561198322455911,Recommended,327070,29654751,Posted: 2 February,all,creamyspongecake,"This game is alot of fun! I love hacking and slashing people in MEdieval world with citties to conquer and build!Grreat Idea coming together here, I hope everyone supports the future of this game!"
76561198410913267,Recommended,327070,34065195,Posted: 6 August,all,AlienWarrior,"Gloria Victis is a nice game made by a indie devs. Actually they non-steam launcher is pretty slow so I had to say hello to Gaben itself.It is Early Access, but I really suggest trying a few hours before making review, joining tournaments/sieges is a essential of this game, wish they would add auction house. Oh, and fix bugs! :P"
,Recommended,327070,23530371,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Vebb,Good game and very fun for a multiplayer medieval game.Pros:1.MMO medieval game2.Fun large battles / siege warfare.3.Lots of crafting and gear.4.Very balanced leveling / gear scaling5.Hit box skill based archeryCons:1.Combat is extremly lack luster and dissapointing compared to games such as mount and blade. Though it is to be expected as it is an mmo2.Can feel like your lost with nothing to do as a new player with no friends3.Can be a pro or a con but playing solo there is a good chance you will get ganked and die so playing with a group is pretty much a necessity.
,Recommended,327070,23480198,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Bananatee,"One of the better combat systems out there. Very different from oher games of the genre. It does not feel like a grind. Combat feels fluid and remains fun.  Plenty of room for skills and tactics. Love the city system and would like to see it expanded further upon. This game uses simple mechanics that maintain a fun, fast paced experience.  I would suggest this game to anyone who has been disappointed by online games. It has a whole different pace in many areas. While crafting seemes similar to other games, it maintaines viseral rewarding experience, especially harvesting resources. By capturing towns one can exploit the resources in the area and this adds a lot to the strategy of the metagame."
76561198066171775,Not Recommended,327070,33524588,Posted: 13 July,all,Pernix,"I bought this game about a year ago and pretty much every week since then, there has been at least one update and often a sizeble one. It is quite clear that the developers really care about the game and try to make it work, unlike most other EA cashgrabs. For that reason I simply cant understand why the combat is still so damn bad.When I bought it, the combat was pretty damn awfull, laggy, unoptimized, very sluggish and clunky. And how is it a year from back then, after weekly updates? Well pretty much the same, the graphics and animations have been updated, but that has done practically nothing with the overall slugishness of the combat. It really is awfull, it is so laggy that sometimes, when fighting human enemies, you cant even see their attack animation and have to instead just gues when they are gonna hit and block accordingly. With your own attack animations its not much better. And dont even get me started on fighting with animals...Another big problem they should have adressed a long time ago is the mounts. This game seriously needs mounts. For once, this is medieval mmo and having no mounts simply kills the immersion, which is a huge part of why people play games like this. Also running everywhere on foot is lenghty and annoying and again kills immersion. I know implementation of mounts is difficult, but games of this genre (medieval mmo) just need to do it, otherwise there is no point to the game. They should have done it by now.I could forgive no mounts (not for much longer tho), but the attrosious combat is just unacceptable after this long. The devs should sit down and get the bloody combat right, before they do anything else, because if they dont this game is gonna be dead before they fully release it."
76561198009629421,Not Recommended,327070,24263531,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,The Regulator,"Community is full of a bunch of creepy old men who take the game too seriously.Game is good, community is small and creepy."
76561198124847384,Recommended,327070,23562845,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,TG | Thunder_Cat,This game has sooooo much potential. It is a very fun game to get into if you are into mmo rpg's. All that I wish for is that in the future for it to be optimized better so fps is higher. Other than that really great game and is worth the buy.
76561198174369465,Recommended,327070,27560199,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,dzoserism8,"This game is amazing even tho it's Early Access Game. There are so many things to do, fight, conquer, craft, raid, create guilds and for sure make some fun out of young (new to the game) and angry enemy.  Hope this game won't be forgotten because it should be one of the best games of all times. Keep working devs :)"
,Recommended,327070,34871882,Posted: 10 September,all,☾ SPQR ☽ SomeRandomStarWarzFan,"So far, i've enjoyed this game.. I'm currently a lvl 20, and I wouldn't call myself ""experienced"" at all. I LOVE the M&B like combat system, it really makes the combat fun, smooth and realistic. The guild system is meh, I wish you were able to add in your own banners off of your computer and be able to BUILD bases yourself.(I will be updating this as I play and gain more experience in playing the game)"
,Recommended,327070,23857128,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Rearded Squid,"I have enjoyed the game so far, but the content is still lacking and I would recommend waiting for a few months before buying this game."
76561198038251206,Recommended,327070,23487700,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Rao,"The game is pretty great for it being such a small team and this being EA (I'm actually surprised with the amount of content already within the game) - what really impresses me though, is that the devs are super active in the community. I had a random question and a dev responded with a detailed answer in <30 mins, for example.I think whatever you find currently lacking within the game, the devs will expand & fix in very short order with the income from EA. This game for them appears to be a labor of love, not just an EA cash cow to be milked until dead, like other companies have done."
76561198098444203,Recommended,327070,26589317,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,AzerAaron,This game is pure quality and will give so much enjoyment to old shool gamers who enjoyed games such as everquest 1 and 2.....its not wivout glitches especially in pvp combat but the tradeskills are very old school...if yer are young ( under 18 yrs old ) or like korean mmorgs such Tera or Blade and Soul this game will not be for you sorryplz support this game ! it has regular updates and will hopefully become very successfull...AzerAaron.....( for all yer Doom2 needs )
76561198007245076,Not Recommended,327070,28281032,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,RedTech,"The hit detection is terrible or its unreliable due to lag.  I would hit an enemy and it wouldn't register or affect him till after he hit me, or sometimes not at all.  Made the game rather frustrating and not very fun.  I'll wait for it to improve before I come back"
76561198013915681,Recommended,327070,23558376,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Deadleton,"This game has a lot of potential. I've been following it and been anxious for it's release since greenlight days. But it quite apparent it's waaaaaay to early to be released, even as an early alpha. I played it a bit, I liked what I saw, but it really really is lacking in vital parts of the game...like an interface that makes sence and. I hope you like lag, because with my beefy gaming computer this game lags like a ♥♥♥♥♥. I hope they do some quick patching to the game soon. But all in all I think it has potential."
76561197990144502,Recommended,327070,23540271,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Badgers Ass Rocks then Rolls,First thoughts of the game. I did not like it seemed complicated and restricting. You can not just cut down anytree you want there is a steap learning curve when you start. The mobs seemed lifeless to me. The combat felt broken and clumsy.....Then I played for a few hours and joined some fellow warriors then things slowly starting to make sense which made each discovery more rewarding.The trees you can gather are already chopped and there by the lumber camps makes sense I guess.The crafting system and drop menus seems scary at first as if it was a hard task to learn but it to slowly opens up to make sense. What seems like a solid large and well thought out crafting system for being an Early Access game.The Mobs are MMO mobs they are ok and if they all bum rushed you instead of 1 or two it would be much more difficult to level up through combat. The combat need improvement there is no doubt about that but I found a one on one fight with highl level NPC I was starting to understand the flow..... Wait for them to show signs of attacking block when its needed then attack .... rinse and repeat sometimes they block thats when you kick them in the gut and attack then block attack block attack... it turned out to be less broken than I thought and just slow  (could be my low level and low level mobs are slower).The game looks pretty good for an MMO. The leaves on the trees shake during storm there is god rays in the evenings and mornings the sun cascades a reddish orange glow in the mornings.I have been enjoying this game way to much stayed up till 4 in the morning on a Monday cause its that Dam Fun....
76561198197316319,Recommended,327070,23681112,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Croach,"Overall a fantastic experience that has kept me fully immersed for the last 115 hours of gameplay.What Gloria Victis does really well...1.  Loot - After over a hundred hours of gameplay it is still exciting to open the loot after every kill.  Equipment drops are very well balanced for the level of mobs.  Mobs also have a chance to drop crafting recipes and there is an active market of people seeking out some of the rarer recipes.   Each mob type has a different loot table and each loot table has sought after drops.2.  XP Farming - There are a wide variety of mobs and mob locations to farm from.   There are a lot of options for solo mobs as well as mobs that require groups.3.  Variety of ways to level and improve your character - Mob XP, Crafting XP and upgrading cities all give character XP.  There is enough variety that when it starts feeling grindy there are different ways to play the game and they all help improve your character.4.  Death - PVE death has no negative consequences.  PVP death allows the victor to loot only a few items based on a maximum point system.  Higher value items such as worn equipment have a higher point value.  It is enough of a loss that you always try to keep anything you do not want to lose in your bank but nothing you lose will cause you to lose hours of time to replace.5.  Inventory space - Space is limited at level 1 but it is not difficult to expand your storage through purchasing or crafting larger bags.  It is reasonable to have over 300 item slots between your inventory and your bank by level 30."
,Recommended,327070,30986748,Posted: 6 April,all,Black Knight,"Excellent and immersing!EDIT.  Skilled based combat system based on actual fencing treatises / manuscripts from the medieval/ renaissance, longswords and loads of other realistic weaponry, territorial control, factions, guild system, deep crafting, tons and tons of other great things, outstanding music, gfx and ambience. Yes, it is punishing at times, but very rewarding too. It is constantly built up by devs and they listen to gamers. Oh, I have also clocked 630h on steam so far. =)"
,Recommended,327070,23493562,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,The Badger,"The FPS is low, but the graphics are still pretty alright. It's clunky, but the controls and camera are pretty decent. I like the crafting system, and the fighting. It's intuitive, which thank god for that because you ain't getting much help! I enjoyed it. It was unpolished as all hell, but it's early access. I think it's worth the price tag so far."
76561198071266013,Not Recommended,327070,30906752,Posted: 2 April,all,Suaimhneasach,"Gloria Victis is a game full of ambition. Unfotunately, the developers lack either the skill or the motivation to fufill the potential of this game. Exploits, bugs, dysnc and a dwindling population are what anyone who plans to buy this game will encounter.http://steamcharts.com/app/327070Most of the people who have played this game have already left either due to the extremely slow development, lack of content, or the general attitude of the developers themselves who are also members of the games community.Don't bother reporting bugs and exploits most of them that were reported close to a year back are still in the game. Don't post anything about negative ascpects of the game the developers will either delete your post or ban you from the forums to hide their failing game.I had very high expectations of this game but was sorely dissapointed. If you go ahead and make the purchase do not go in expecting much. Personally I was perma banned from the forums myself for posting about everything I have been mentioning. The developers told me I was flaming the forums. Apparently they only want people to post about how great the game is.The players that are remaining will tell you that the population dropped because everyone is waiting for the ""New Combat Animations"". While this may be true for some most people are gone for good and this game will never have decent ingame population. It has alrady been proven that there is not an influx of new players on a EArly Access games full release so the players there is now and a small trickle is all you can expect.Hopefully my review will help you make an informed decision before you spend your money. Since this game is going to be released as a Free to Play game farther down the road maybe just hold off until then to try before you buy."
76561198087350416,Recommended,327070,24260741,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Nyx,"This game has an amazing concept and is very fun to play. If you can deal with bugs and other annoying things, than you'll have a great time. the only problem i have right now is that its a bit lacking of content. there is some fun things to do, but after you do it for a bit it gets kind of grindy. Overall though, with such an early stage of development, its fun for what it is!"
76561198118454799,Not Recommended,327070,26464265,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Kindon,"Its an alright MMO but has a lot of work to do still. The enemy levels jump around so drastically its impossible for new players to find the right area to level, example being level 7-9 wolves all over the place with level 30+ bears mixed in, which if you attack a bear it aggros the wolves near it for some reason even though I saw them fighting before I shot. The tutorial pop up which is only shown once disappears if you try to jump. Items that are crafted when your bag is full are destroyed as well as the componets used to make them. /unstuck is absolutely required cause even in towns getting stuck on invisble things is commonplace. The enemies also like to walk off if they can't reach you after a certain distance making bows virtually worthless against anything that might be strong enough to kill you in melee. I would have to say that this game is not worth its $20 price right now given the tons and tons of bugs in it, even despite the game having 100 levels and a fair amount of crafting (which is pretty hard to get a handle on for a new player given everything has a bunch of different componets and your bag space is very very very limited). Also got to love guys who are invisible until they are attacking you.  3/10"
76561198089841216,Recommended,327070,24238842,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Aiidoneus the Cannibal,"It's a good game, still needs a lot of developement, but at 20 dollars it is worth the buy if you're into Mount and blade style combat with territory control pvp."
,Recommended,327070,23683174,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,H00KT0N,"One of the most immersive glimpse of the dark ages I've ever played.  For an alpha state this game is solid gold!  I forsee Gloria Victis becoming one of the great MMO's, and cannot wait to see where the Dev's take it from here."
76561198000758277,Recommended,327070,24061770,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,merL,"Good Early Access Alpha. Fun Game, fun pvp but prepare to farm and craft and farm and craft alot.. its not a easy themepark game. its a hardcore openworld, fullloot, crafting and pvp medival setting game.if you find a guild and run with friends, it can be real fun slaying other players in pvp and loot their items. items that maybe took hours to be crafted.. :)"
,Recommended,327070,24126891,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Agent Le,"Early Access or not, For a Beta Alpha It has alot of potential !Reminds me of Runescape in a way, Great game to play and to enjoy while its new !Its Pretty BASIC ! YOU CRAFT YOUR WEAPON AND ARMOR, LEVEL UP, AND GO PK ! :)"
76561198330417064,Recommended,327070,25523496,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,bobo,Really enjoyed the first impression. Of course we need to note that its Early Access but I will be surely hopping back to see the progress!The first stages was a bit hard to get into but as soon as you get the basics it gets much better
,Recommended,327070,28269059,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Neaira Zephyrus,"This game is still in Early Access so it may still have a few problems here and there but the gameplay itself is great, The combat may not be tip notch but compared to other games. Theres enough to Gloria Victis that keeps even the vets on their toes in a 1v1. Plenty of pve, crafting, events, and real world map town raids. For only $19.99 this game is totally worth it."
76561197963194232,Recommended,327070,23621121,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Ʀḯпεнλяϯ,"Game is awesome. 8/10 for alpha, if you like Chivalry/mount and blade and mmo-rpgs get this game.  Its alpha though so theres bugs galor and game is not finished.     Currently no real quest line. you basically go around killing ai untill you get the feel of game then its all about pvp and capturing towns/villages/castles in order to get better gear and wipe out the oposing faction.   Characters are not server bound so you can pretty much play with all your friends as long as your in the same alliance.   When you die to opposing faction they have 30second window to loot the gear off you.  which you may think omg that sucks.  but weapons/armor are pretty easy to come by, crafting is crazy hard and will fill up your time.  Friends of mine Join midland if you pick it up.  Death to the hethens!"
76561197989143661,Recommended,327070,23512734,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Chicken Champ,"First thing first, the game in its current state is EARLY. The gameplay is fun (we'll get to that), but struggling to log in, with every day providing new and exciting challenges to even getting the game up and running, is not. If you are likely to become agitated at the prospect of an infinite loading screen spoiling your plans to play for an evening, you might want to wait a while before picking this up.But once your in? Glorious. Combat feels very Mount&Blade/Chivalry-esque (directional swinging, hitboxes, etc.), though a little less demanding due to lack of directional blocking. Personally I try to use archery almost exclusively, very satisfying and effective to drop mobs from a mile away :pCrafting is deep, and frankly a little overwhelming at first with the staggering variety of ingredients and alternate ingredients and craft-specific work stations etc etc etc.... but seems like it will be fun and rewarding once some good guides get up so that I stop wasting all my wood on stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥I don't need instead focus on churning out mass billets :DThe PVP system is almost entirely set in the open world, with the world's two factions (I believe there are plans for 4 ultimately) capturing and reinforcing town and farmsteads across the island. Not only do these locations provide race-wide bonuses to xp, crafting success, etc... they are often valuable locations for crop and resource nodes that may be more spread out or hard to find elsewhere. Even with servers currently seeming to be overwhelmingly viking with fewer midlanders, im seeing locations swap hands a lot, which is a good sign of healthy pvp.Oh, servers. They're a little weird, since your character can freely play on any of them, and which one you choose has more to do with ping selection than anything else. And global chat in game is really more multiverse chat... you're hearing everyone from all servers all at once, which is weird. I'm not sure whether guilds can as freely swap servers as characters can?Anyway, there's a great core of gameplay here that looks like its only going to get better. Graphics, meh (my laptop sucks so I run everything on ultra-low anyway), voice acting, hillariously bad, interface, buggy. But the gameplay is pretty special, and definitely will tickle a Mount and Blade MMO feel!"
,Recommended,327070,35030024,Posted: 17 September,all,HJam,I like the game and i have always seen a constant stream of updates.
76561198012990791,Not Recommended,327070,33574578,Posted: 15 July,all,mdba_2009,"I love the concept of the game and understand it is still in development, but the biggest issue I have is the power gap between players and NPCs. One is either totally overpowered while the other is totally underpowered; there is no middle ground that gives new players a good and positive perspective of this game."
76561198002218304,Recommended,327070,23481971,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,ShmilZ,"1 word to describe my exp so far with this game...FANTASTIC!!Try this 1 it will get better and better in time to comevery fun to play,and a lot of things to do..so sorry guys im going to explore and have more fun with this game..C YA in game"
76561198004893716,Recommended,327070,29393060,Posted: 21 January,all,Pantherleap,"I vowed to never buy another early access title after Dayz. A friend convinced me to try Gloria Victis, and I'm so very happy that he did. This game is obviously still in late alpha, but it's mechanics are coming along nicely. Pvp is already immensely enjoyable, and the crafting system is pretty damn deep. It's got bugs galore, but the fact that the devs are constantly patching and updating, shows that they care about finishing this game. 10/10"
,Recommended,327070,23728336,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Smollik,"i gave up from playing this types of MMO games a long long time ago, because normaly they are always p2win, in Gloria Victis you can find a bit of a MMO school genre mixing with a bit of modern MMO, the base sistem combat/gameplay is really really good with a great atmosphere, so far a great community, i will put more hours into it and edit later"
76561198065223916,Recommended,327070,35469997,Posted: 4 October,all,Zanlam,"Gloria Victis is a game that starts bad.At the first few levels the game is quite boring and feels grindy but as you level up and you start to participate in PVP events you will realize that this game is actually quite fun, with your character becoming stronger and easier to control.If I had to compare Gloria to two other games it would be Life is Feudal (but wayyy less grindy) and Mount and Blade (but being more similar to an MMO).PROS:- Has a combat system similar to M&B (and in my opinion could actually be better).- Has a partial loot system (for example, when you kill someone you can take a few of their items).- No cheaters (in 51 hours I haven't seen or heard of any cheaters).- Frequent major updates (just last week guild-controlled bases were added).- You can always get pvp action, even if the server is near empty.- Good graphics.- Performance has been significantly improved (I always get near 60 fps on high even though I use an old system).CONS:- Very small community- Desync is a bit of an issue- Map design is good, but the placement of NPC's should be overhauled.- Lacks creative freedom when it comes to base building (but you can make a completely unique crest that hangs from the walls of your base, for example I can even make my family crest from real life).Honestly, sometimes Gloria feels like a MMO / Survival game hybrid and I love that.I eagerly await the next updates and I can't wait to see what the future has in store for Gloria Victis."
,Recommended,327070,23492160,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,The Greatest Comeback,REVIEW:-THE GOOD-1. In-Depth gameplay specially crafting.2. Someone have a good community and good team work (Just stay off the Global Chat.. kids are fame♥♥♥♥♥s)3. Medieval Warfare MMO (Not everyone's cup of tea tho)4. Has potential-THE BAD-1. Not YET Polished (Early Access Title)2. Bugs in steam logging in.. (Just close client and wait for 5 mins to log in if you are stuck in logging in -works everytime-)3. Base on my experience about devs kinda very bad slow respones when you talk to them. (Might just be busy since it is new release BUT they are releasing alot of hot fixes so thats why maybe)
76561198008128542,Recommended,327070,29535047,Posted: 27 January,all,Dano,"Gloria Victis is an entertaining game about Hunter Gatherer Crafting and PvP. The PvP is plagued like so many others by internet lag. Admittedly I am not the best PvPer but at level 97 getting beaten by a level 20 whule the ping lights red over and over. That is a bit disconcerting. The crafting system is very eloborate and tedious. But that's ok. What isn't ok is that you have to hunt for recipe drops. There is no method for reverse engineering. There should be a method (with failure chance) to reverse engineer items found. The map is filling up as development continue and the game is certainly party necessity oriented. I see great things in the future but for now it is more a crafter paradise than a story driven or even open world game. Everything is beautiful but mundane. Some plot events need to be implemented and most of all I'd like to see the Merchant Bag which would allow you to have a bag where you store things to sell. Then, like the existing arena, have a seperate instance called market where players can enter and their characters interact like merchants do in game. As Is I give it 3.75 of 5 and rising."
76561197999494448,Recommended,327070,23523327,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Paratrooper82,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dnjCs36OuOsUPDATED REVIEW--------------> As of November 2016 I played the game again!! The devs did NOT abandon the game, they added more weapons, armor, points of interest, bettered the map and the BEST yet... They added world events, which are absolutely epic. As of now I rate the game 8/10. The crafting is amazing, the skill tree is really fun to upgrade, the world events make this game so much better, upgrading your points of interst to help your faction is awesome. There really isn't much negative to say about this game at all.Yes there might be a few bugs like getting stuck sometimes and your teammates annoyingly looting you sometimes when you die, but all in all this game is massive fun and doesn't get boring :) <---------------------Pretty fun so far. Craftin is pretty good but takes some time to understand. Combat really isn't that bad for early access.Best moment so far: standing in one of my faction's villages and crafting, then realizing the guards were running towards the hill... I look over and see a raiding party of about 8 enemy faction players attacking the village. I made a lonely stand until reinforcements arrived... ending up dying for the greater good! LoLThe skill and experience tree is fun so far.As long as the devs don't abandon this game and keep updating I would say buy it.So far 7/10 --> Considering decent crafting, combat, skill and experience trees, fun pvp and ok pve."
76561198000561257,Not Recommended,327070,23606257,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Evnatia - The Mute Cynic,"Early Access Watcher Reviews Gloria Victis (Abridged to fit the review space, check out main site for full review -https://www.gatewaytogaming.com/gloria-victis.html-)Update Version: v.0.6.3.4Disclosure: The game copy was bought by the review, but a review copy was also provided by the developer.Over the past few years, Black Eye Games has been hard at work and managed to launch Gloria Victis onto Early Access on June 9th. From the 12 hours I have seen of the game I can tell there has been a lot of love put into this medieval island. That being said, it still has a long way to go before it can compete with other products on the market. Gloria Victis, for whatever issues I am about to discuss, does have quite a bit going for it.While other games with a similar aesthetic go for a more macabre look, Gloria Victis goes for a enlightened and sometimes pessimistic approach with bright lighting effects one moment and gloomy over casts the next. Scenery is plentiful with vast stretches of forest land, muggy swamps, roaring mountains and beaches both sandy and rocky. Huts and small homes are well stocked with furniture (some exceptions apply with abandoned homes) while towns are surrounded by rugged walls and garnered with flags of the nation. Patrols and watch towers litter the map reflecting the colors of the current owner of there region. It isn't the prettiest game to look at, but the unique choice in shading and overall character detail give it the required level of depth to boast a believable Middle Ages environment.Once I was finished playing this game the first time, I was amazed the music was still playing in the back of my mind. Very few games, especially on Early Access, have the ability to stick with me for long. From the beautiful violin melodies to modest vocal work, it breathes a powerful ambiance into a world pulsing with chivalric vibes. Sounds effects are somewhat of a mixed bag, especially when gathering and walking with heavy armor on. These little details are perfect, but can become massively grating if you don't optimize the volume (which I will get to in a bit). Grunts, opening doors and even the small clink of a drawn weapon are just a small sample of the little touches adding substance to the immersion.Unlike most MMOs, the combat revolves around a target-less system with every hit depending on range and weapon variants. Melee has a vast selection of pole arms, axes, swords, mauls and daggers along with shields that come in all shapes and sizes. When striking with a melee weapon, you have the ability to charge your attack for a better strike, use a shield to block incoming attacks and have a kick ability to disorient blocking opponents. It plays out similarly to Demons' Souls, but each hit is made without the use of a lock-on system. There is an issue, however, with the strike feedback not matching with the visual or the sound of each attack. Often times I felt many of my strikes were not registering even against something as large as a troll.Bows are available from the start and add a important role in offensive and defensive positions during attacks. Similar to real world mechanics, each arrow strung adheres to outside factors such as distance and fall off. You cannot expect to hit a target by shooting with the cursor aimed at your target from 100 yards away. This makes archery challenging, but in the best way possible. It makes each hit a bit more satisfying and keeps siege battle rather balanced. A quick note on abilities: there are currently passive abilities and three major stats to pour points into, but nothing along the lines of action based abilities are present yet.Due to the heavy PvP influence in the game, there is no real PvE content aside from NPCs on the field and some area objectives that act similar to fates in Final Fantasy 14. Thankfully, the PvP system is enjoyable with tournaments and open world territory capture. The primary alternative is in capturing towns and resource locations with a group of people. NPC guards and other players from your opposing faction defend a flag located in the vicinity while you attempt to capture it. Once it is under your control, the region is granted a buff for your faction and you can begin upgrading the area. PvP is an excellent means to level up and a potent method of ensuring control on the island. Just remember, this is a PvP focused game and has very little else outside of it.The economy is player-driven and thus makes crafting the vital life-line for supplies and upgrades. From weapons and armor; food and ingredients; there is a job for whatever product you need. Crafting levels are based on the amount you make and also provides normal experience, if but a fraction. Recipe books provide the means to make better items and are found from vendors and enemy NPCs. As a full-time crafter in most MMOs, the system felt very basic in design and not in a bad way.Textures and objects pop in at an alarming rate with enemies sometimes not appearing at all until you have already run into their engagement radius. Upon death, characters can be stuck in a falling motion through the world, which thankfully fixed itself with a few sporadic presses of the movement keys. While more technical than visual, the game has a nasty habit of delaying input commands from selling a simple item to learn recipes. It takes forever to register, sometimes making it difficult to tell if it even went through. Stuttering is probably the worst issue dealing with Gloria Victis and it continually occurs, sometimes forcing me to move forward when I am intentionally trying to turn left or right. This is at every graphic setting with shadows and other intensive settings turned off.Technical issues are another block of issues that need to be circumvented to play the game properly. Frame rate can be over the place, dropping and spiking from 60 to 40 and even 30 for a couple of seconds before returning to normal. Averaging 55 to 40 normally, this makes movement seem floaty while combat strikes are hard to judge. Loading screen issues are also common place with the screen often becoming unresponsive before finally loading two minutes later.Bugs are just another part of development, but they need to be addressed. Allocation points are required to level up stats and passive abilities, but whenever I tried to do so, I would confirm my selection and end up losing points (put in 10 when I had 100, then have 90). This is before 130, which then requires two points to level once in a stat. Enemies would sometimes chase after you, only to stop dead in their tracks and not respond after moving only six feet. Economy wise, selling prices are either miss labeled or the game is only paying a fraction of the price promised for selling an item. Some items I tried crafting also fail to be made, using up the materials in the process. These are just a small number of the bugs that are present, some of which can be harmful if not dealt with soon.Glaring issues from UI, stat lose and performance hiccups make survival rather difficult in an already unforgiving world. It is with a heavy hand I bury the axe into the not recommended side of this table. I will be revisiting this game from time to time and look forward to seeing how it changes within the next six months, where hopefully I can switch my verdict.ProsRough, but truly fitting medieval aestheticMusic is a real treat and captures the whimsy of the settingCrafting and territory upgrading creates a stellar player focused economyPvP is challenging with areas changing sides constantlyConsExtremely detrimental lose of upgrade pointsCombat provides little feedback with actions often not syncingStuttering, random frame rate drops and action delays for most UI commandsMassive pop ins"
,Recommended,327070,24726424,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Mishue,"This is a great game with great protential, They are constantly updating it and it reminds me alot of mortal online just better imo. Do not listen to all those cry babys on the forums crying about♥♥♥♥♥♥regarding the game. If you actually put effort into this game and learn it its a pretty easy and fun game."
76561198192529171,Recommended,327070,29351127,Posted: 18 January,all,Starry✪Safari,"great game, great community. Still has a long way to go but is updated quite fequently."
76561198313795561,Recommended,327070,24709263,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,bunnypoker1,"As a game that is in alpha and worth 20$, I can say I got my money's worth on this game. Yes there's sometimes bugs and glitches, but it's in alpha and I expect that. This game does have tons of protential, and now it seems like they are improving staff numbers and pumping updates frequently. In my opinion, I do believe that the devs do listen to the community and the admins actrully respond in game if you have a question which is amazing! For 20$ this game is fun and you will get what you paid for. It's actrully funny how the graphics are so beautiful in alpha stage, you don't see that in many games."
76561198021453573,Recommended,327070,23510529,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,EyeForAnEye,Really enjoying this game right now. The combat feel like a mix between Mount & Blade and Chivalry. The crafting is a little confusing but its got a lot of depth which is nice.Its early access and need some polish so I would recomend it if you' think it looks fun and you can handle early access.I see a lot of reviews mentioning issues that have been fixed in a couple of patches that came out rather swiftly. Personally I havnt experienced any technical issues and I would call my computer mid grade and Im getting solid 50+ FPS at near max setting with the occasional dip to around 30.
,Not Recommended,327070,29729496,Posted: 5 February,all,Capnjeego,Wait for a while its not currently that fun but theres alot of promise within the base game.
76561198026243843,Recommended,327070,31340528,Posted: 24 April,all,Golden,"24/04/2017Gloria Victis is actually a PVPVE (You can get assaulted almost everywhere by others players) game with a mix of aspect of MMO (level,crafting, premade factions) open-world (map without loading regions, territorial control) with a dynamic combat system.Graphics : No comments since i'm not able to do a proper evaluation on this aspect of games.Adventure : As for now there isn't really any background.Crafting : It's a very important point of the game since there is no requirement on equipment.(you can wear/use anything as long as you have it)- Armors and weapons have a quality from nothing to +6 who define their stats.(by the way equipment is not   randomized)- How does the craft work ? First of all you have access to every professions (atleast for now), 3 requirements to craft something : you need :-To know the reicipe (Reicipes can be brought to npc, looted on mobs or looted on players who looted on mobs. When you got a reicipe in your inventory, right click it and click on use/consume option, good job you have learnt a reicipe and know it forever, exept if you delete your character or there is a total wipe)-The materials needed for the craft (U.u Why the hell does he say that ? -_- Want a little oversee of the idea ?)Let say you want to craft a plate chest armor :Dplate chest armor <- steel sheet <- steel bar <- charcoal<- limonite<- charcoal dust <- charcoal <- wood logs<- billets<- steel rivets <- steel bar<- leather strap <- tanned leather <- tannin<- shaved leather<- chainmail <- gambeson <- canvas<- beewax<- mailles 4in1 <- bigs steel rings <- thick steel wire<- billets! Note that this is a non-existant exemple and this is here just to give you an idea of how it work.(don't worry you can see the required materials for the craft)-And lastly you have a profession level requirement for each reicipes. (profession level is gained by exerting the profession)Combat system : take a look at some gameplay it will be easier.Territorrial control : There are somes castles, cities, farms, mines you (and your entire faction) can take control of by clicking on a flag.This flag is usually in a building protected by closed doors that you must destroy by simply hitting it in combat stance.Ok, when the control is done you can upgrade buildings, walls, doors, guardhouses for better effectiveness.THE WHAT ABOUT THE GAME END THERE.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Thank's god T.T this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ evalution come to it's end.And now i can finally write what i don't like... ehhh....-Weight system not yet implemented.And so on --->-Movement speed multiplier non-existant.(Basically it's either run or sprint)-Weapon speed multiplier non-existant.(Wut dya saying ? Every weapon have the same loading speed)-This make the gameplay limited, light armors are just outranked by heavy/medium armors... well anyway the numerical number make the power with this additive stagger on hit effect :/PS : information gameplay based. (didn't check it by looking into files)End of the what i complaint about.Nop i didn't press the wrong button and really recommend this game.Good job Devs, don't loose your enthusiasm and do us something cool !"
,Not Recommended,327070,29800966,Posted: 9 February,all,Jeff,Not much to do in this game... the actual interaction with other players is pretty limiting
,Recommended,327070,30065898,Posted: 20 February,all,Thunderent,It's a very realistic gameI like it ! :)
76561198010939499,Recommended,327070,23507317,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Meralious,"Great game! It's Alpha so it does seem very limited, which is expected.  I didn't follow the game that much so I don't really know what to expect for the future. However, I do believe there needs to be a bit more incentive for people or clans to go out and capture settlements.  Because as of now you don't really get anything and for my Country, we own everything and nobody fights which is kinda boring.  But other then that it's worth trying out."
76561198037598960,Recommended,327070,30972982,Posted: 5 April,all,Whiskey Zulu,"great game , looking forward to future development, has a lot of potential."
76561198001610801,Not Recommended,327070,30646144,Posted: 20 March,all,SolidSnek,I cannot recconmend this game. Players abuse known bugs to have infinite stamina while crossing a body of water by making themselves walk at the bottom. Abusing camera mechanics to hit you in the back when they are infront of you.  Devs/Moderators refuse to punish thouse like aGiant and Tourterer who have evidence of them doing so.
76561198140028546,Recommended,327070,23476194,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,whodat0910,Tons of fun! And tons of content for early access!
76561197986637591,Not Recommended,327070,28232536,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Jeeses,"This game has the potential of being amazing. It has what every hardcore pvp player wants. The only MAJOR problem is that one of the developers plays ONLY one of the factions. Every time he or his side is losing there is a global messege that says ""The game servers are resetting.""Without this Developer trying to godmode then the game would be amazing...but unfortunately that is not how it is."
76561198080679351,Not Recommended,327070,30656082,Posted: 21 March,all,Red Warrior,"With 923 hours of gameplay, a lot of patience and less and less hope of improvement I can say that the game is not worth it.Five times I lost all the items in my inventory, it was hours, days of game to collect resources and create items, armor and weapons, where I did not receive any kind of compensation for the losses.There are 8 months playing and 8 months seeing many of the same bugs and worse, seeing player ""Tester"" not reporting failures and still exploiting them to take advantage of other players, which greatly delayed the development of the game, which Is already slow. There are a number of times reported player, who from the beginning takes flags with the defense button pressed, steals other players dead with the defense button pressed, cancels an attack by pressing the defense button, but continuing with the attack button pressed Causing the attack force to be fully charged, resulting in a surprise attack and much damage when the defense button is no longer held. They are two actions in one, failures for months not reported, uncorrected and being used by those who should make the game fairer. Bugs are not lacking in the game!For these and other reasons I do not recommend the game, there are several other best ways to lose 923 hours of your life."
,Not Recommended,327070,23632862,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Grish,"[Edit] Recently found out that this game has been in Early Access for years before even hitting Steam. Earliest changelog I can find on their website dates back to 2013. The game is at least 3 years old and still broken as ♥♥♥♥. I reinforce my statement. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!Don't buy this yet. I've seen a lot of early access games come out in better shape than this.It is riddled with bugs, the server lag fluctuates constantly and can never give you a stable connect, half the ingame buttons don't work, the tutorial is shallow and explains nothing, graphical options keep resetting on game restart, render range is ♥♥♥♥-all for an MMO.It's an interesting concept, but it's not ready for people to play. It feels like it's still supposed to be an in-house development build. Ignore the ""Mostly Positive"" review score. Most of them are from people hyped up by the concept and keep ignoring the very visible problems with the game.Wait a few months and then check back on the development. It may be more playable by then. But at this moment it is unplayable."
,Not Recommended,327070,30712274,Posted: 24 March,all,WombRaider,"Gloria Victis plays on the game type that has been seen many times. You can easily compare it to Mounted Blade, Conan, Life is Feudal, and Mortal Online. You can expect to be thrown into a medieval era conflict between two factions (although they claim they will be releasing more later, along with a larger map). In the character selection you can only be male (Female is promised to be released later) and can select your starting gear (character type) and assign a small amount of attributes.Although the Ismir starting town is quiet beautiful, the Midgard starting town is a typical castle With everything scatter to fit inside the walls. There is a moderate amount of crafting that can be done, although you will quickly find that the time it takes to reach the level to craft the gear you need will result in you crafting thousands of lesser crappy gear (no matter what resources or level you are) and have wasted weeks.The first hour of killing random people, with no back story as to why, that are scattered randomly (and respawn within 5-10 seconds) you will probably not notice the current major issue with the game. Although considered desync, you may have 200+ FPS and are ping below 20ms and still find that your opponent will be able to back-stab you while being in front of you. You might be able to shoot arrows through them and inflict no damage. You might have 10 of your friends help you gang up on one person and find that even though you have them completely surrounded, they are able to block in all directions at the same time.Simple mechanics for this game are broken, such as; opening a door may launch you into the air causing damage to your player. Respawning in certain towns will cause you to be stuck on top of a tower where you have to jump and lose half your health to get down. Selling items may cause them to be stuck in your inventory after being sold (until you restart the game). Prices for items sold by merchants may or maynot be 10 times the listed prices. Just to name a few.Major mechanics for this game are broken; Being a game that is based around combat, where the combat system is not only flawed but downright unplayable. (This video gives an example;https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efGXGZyHza0)While the promised overhaul to the combat system appears to be a possible fix to some of the issues, this game has yet to reach it’s claimed Alpha phase of development. With that in-mind, you can easily find a cheaper and more developed game with just as good (if not better) graphics. While this game would have been amazing, if completed, 3-4 years ago. It has been done a number of times and not very well, sadly.Overall, it would be my suggestion that you pass on this game (at least until they finish developing it) assuming gaming companies do that these days."
76561197981459992,Recommended,327070,25308807,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,ZaCormyr,"14 hours played currently and happy with the game. Just need more players!!Open world pvp with safe zones and the combat is directional and non-target related... thus combat is more about skill. Towns/castles to battle over and control then defend. Loads of crafting which makes sense, it's not just oh get 10 iron and you can make a sword. It's a crafters dream really once you understand the GUI for it. Also the work stations for crafting are out in the world in places which make sense to some degree. Not just a room in main city with all the crafting done there.Yes it's alpha so expect bugs etc...  that's OK! I've played enough games to know that even games which have been released for years still have bugs etc.  Get over it.So if you like medieval times and the idea of an open PVP world which provides an experience similar to Dayz, then this game is for you. Loads of features are planned and the devs are dedicated to maintaining the theme of; realistic open world medieval PVP and crafting."
76561198199538455,Recommended,327070,28859686,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Ambdi_Bites,I am Enjoying the the game . the action detction and desynchronization is dull but the game has potential. playing with friend for Quite a some time now and still enjoying. the new update is good. can understand that its Early Access. The game is Perfect in its Own way :) .
76561197973529774,Recommended,327070,28879251,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Wyld,"When I think about what all great games have it boils down to four elements, interesting characters, well crafted narrative, great looking visuals, and immersive music/sounds. Gloria Victis is an early access game and they are still actively polishing these elements. However, what you get right now is so close to what most $60 dollar games offer, I can’t hesitate to recommend it. If you pick it up on sale then even better!Gloria Victis is an MMO in which you choose one of two nations to join–the Midlanders or the Isimir. After customizing your character with a wide variety of options–which can be adjusted anytime– you set off in the world to fight over a rocky and grassy countryside filled with farms, towns, castles, encampments and hideouts. There are multiple servers to play on and your characters persist across them. They also plan on adding two more nations before the release.When you set off into the world you can choose to fight solo, or in a party. There are level based scenarios which spawn across the world, along with outposts and cities which can be attacked and captured or reinforced and defended. Often these skirmishes involve NPCs as well as players. There is an emphasis on realistic medieval swordplay and I’ve heard that the developers have a mantra “No fireballs!”Finding players to party up with is easy and many are keen to do so because there is a lot of fun to be had storming across the map in a group of 3 to 7 players and taking outposts one after another. Recently they have added PvP Tournaments where I’ve seen 15 to 20 players on a side in massive melee battles.  Immediately following the tournaments global dynamic events spawn and nations engage in sieging and defending selected towns or castles, or defeating NPC commanders that are protected by soldiers. They are working on even more dynamic events and world bosses which will appear in response to actions taken by players.If crafting is more your thing then rest assured that Gloria Victis has a deep crafting system with around 8 different areas of specialization and just like fighting you can gain experience from crafting as well.For those of us who understand the importance of supporting small studios who are trying to create quality games that aren’t just remakes of the same old formula, Gloria Victis is a breath of fresh air. Yes it still has some rough edges, but the team is dedicated to polishing them, they are interested in what the community has to say, and they are still adding more features and content. “Glory to the vanquished” indeed!"
,Not Recommended,327070,29164740,Posted: 10 January,all,Ville,"Update on review;Game has been updated quite alot, most of the issues i've listed below do not exist anymore.But, game still needs comabt system update which developers have promised and will most likely be coming soon. I tried to give the game another chance today, but accidently binded ""Mouse0"" which is left-click to ""Toggle mouse"" and was unable to change it back or reset controls.At the current state game is in, i wouldn't recommend it eaven to my worst enemies, heres a few reasons why.- Combat system in the game is total garbage- Hitboxes are non existent- PvE is broken, Enemies will parry and hit at the same time- Servers lag constantly, you'll end up falling throught objects and being blocked by invisible walls that other players are able to walkthrought- You will lose items to unknown bugs and glitches.- Economy in the game revolves around spending endless amounts of time grinding resources- PvP, winner is the one with lowest ping. You'll end up getting backstabbed eaven thought the player is right infront of you. Enemies will hit throught your blocking and parrying.Only thing good in the game is community. In the first hour i was recruited into one of the best (Midlander EU) guilds there is, given ridiculous amount of gear (best one in the game) and powerleved to level 80 in few days."
76561198077971712,Recommended,327070,29510994,Posted: 26 January,all,Gathon,"This game is Early Access, meaning it is still in development. HOWEVER for a game that is still in development, it has a TON of promise. The Developers are VERY active, the community is very friendly, and the game itself is pretty damn awesome.I just started playing it, and there ARE a FEW bugs here and there, but that is to be expected from a game in it's late alpha stage.If you like medieval themed games which let you forge your own path, I'd choose this game. If you like an awesome game with great customization and endless Role-Playing possibilities, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,327070,33568444,Posted: 15 July,all,Striker,"This game is totally worth buying it! Just keep in mind it is still Early Access game and there are bugs, some that will be exploted and so on but still Early Access like I said. If you give it some time and get used to everything its just a great game overall. It has a nice and complex crafting system but also a nice and decent combat system(not too easy to use)!"
76561197971001886,Not Recommended,327070,29173279,Posted: 10 January,all,aaronix,"I will start out by saying that this game shows AMAZING promise as far as graphics and gameplay go, but unfortunately in its current development state, it just doesn't deliver on any of those things. The fighting (which is a directional mouse-movement technique) is very similar to that of Mount and Blade and War of the Roses, both games that I personally really enjoyed, however in Gloria Victis, every attack is delayed with lag for about 2 seconds before happening. This creates a problem where it is difficult to fight even the low level enemy mobs. Trying to hit an enemy mob or player with the delay is nearly impossible.Moving on to graphics, what was shown in the trailer is spectacular, and I really am a huge fan of the sun shafts that they cleverly implimented into the gameplay. The actual game does not look nearly as good as the trailer did however, and it is definitely noticable upon first impressions.All in all, I think that if the developing team can update the game, the fighting mechanics especially, and possibly the graphics of this game, it has incredible potential to be a personal favorite, so I may try this game again in a few years, but as of right now, I would not reccomend purchasing this game."
,Recommended,327070,28207010,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Simon,Nice potential.Recommended.
76561198196203106,Recommended,327070,25537975,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Slyde,"This game has tons of potential, but I'll wait for a full release before getting too much into it."
,Recommended,327070,23950071,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Kalimah,Game is early access but is fun as hell.  Get in a guild ASAP! I played another game similiar to this and this one (to me)  will be a lot better.  Reminds me a little of DAOC but without fictional crap (wizards etc.)  FUN FUN FUN!
,Recommended,327070,23570994,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Alomar,"Been following the development of GV for years, the progress that's been made with such a small dev team in that time sets them apart from the majority if not all other Early Access games. The games not fully fledged out yet of course, but there's a solid foundation and all the basic elements of an mmo to have fun with friends and even enjoy an ever improving pvp experience. It's most definately worth the cost, and it's a game I could see myself returning to over and over throughout development along their journey to an official launch."
,Recommended,327070,23559947,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Enaver,"Was looking for a fun game two play with my two brothers. I normally stay away from early-alpha games due to bugs and devs not finishing the game.First off, this game feels similar to games like Mortal Online, Mount & Blade and Life is Fedual in terms of what you do. We ran around killing NPCs till we leveled up to around 10 and decided to attack an enemy encampment. Killed a few people via PvP and stole a guys awesome bow! Game is a lot of fun!There is still a long way to go, but I am hoping that this game carries on the direction it is heading."
,Not Recommended,327070,29942741,Posted: 15 February,all,n8 | Ricky,"I wanted this to be more positive but just can't muster it up.Graphics are typic of what you can expect on any realistic looking mmorpg built on unity, so I honestly can't give them much credit for the things that most people are wow'ed by.The players all seem to move at the same speed no matter what is equiped? heavy armor should have that slow marching feeling where as light armor should be very quick and light feeted right? the melee combat is just horrible, very stiff needs some major animations upgrades.  Archers are fine though the aim cursor is lost in the sky or whatever your looking at most of the time.The sand box system really leaves the game a bit boring, yes you can do whatever you want persay. But should be more direction to start off, 3 hours of play and well I felt there was not much really to do but grind, move around to quest areas kil stuff.. rinse and repeat... the crafting system is fine. .but with all the crap you pick up you seriously need larger bags..  having SOOO much crap for crafting you really need to give more space, or figure out something else for players to do with all this CRAP you have us picking up.Over all the game is hopefully a long way off from being ready for retail."
,Recommended,327070,23517691,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,`skeetcheats.exe,"Really fun game.  Poorly optimized and I get random fps drops even with a $2k PC, but the game itself is legitimately fun and I intend on playing for a long time.  The devs seem committed to making the game better, both in the sense of content as well as bug fixes & optimization.  There is no P2W; you buy the game and that's it.  Refreshing change from most new MMOs that are being released.  For $20, it is very worth it, and I look forward to the progression of the game by the developers."
76561198011166509,Recommended,327070,30286329,Posted: 2 March,all,[(*°-<[《McMan.》]>-°*)],"As a MMO/RPG Sandbox(Be whoever you want- do whatever you want) this game has huge potential, and after 9 hours of gameplay ive decided to keep playing it- If you like a mmo/rpg sandbox in the style of low fantasy/medieval style this is a game you should look up- Keep in mind that the game is early developement so bugs are a fact. What makes the game more immersive is how interactive is, but also how interactive it may become in the future, with directional attacks testing your personal skill(everything is skill based), i strongly recommend to take a look at this game, also the Support team is very friendly, quick and responsive- something these developers should be proud of! i for one am proud over them, great game! cant wait to see what the future holds :)some ideas for the future:1. Being able to purchase land and build own farm[from scratch]2. Marriage/family & Companion System (With npcs and players alike, freedomwise- heh. And the waifu system would also be something entirely new)3. Dark/Wood Elves, yes. This is still a fantasy game, low fantasy as it may be- i think it would be awesome with some dark looking elves in it.4. Being able to contract diseases (lol thats probably already planned, but i just said it anyway!)"
76561198007209675,Recommended,327070,30272005,Posted: 1 March,all,D3adNight,HAS got great potential BUT NEEDS LOT'S OF BUG FIXING. I reccomend the game only IF it gets the updates.i get KICKED BACK to lvl 1 every time i log offlose SOME inventory.I made a list of my known bugs here ||\/inventory glitcheslevel glitchesbad AIspawning system sucks
,Recommended,327070,31598014,Posted: 7 May,all,ThcFlowsInMe,"-First Impression when I tried the game 6 months ago: Terrible. Desync issues, rubberbanding, 10fps on highest settings with a GeForce 980, you name it. Played for less than an hour and then uninstalled regretting the money I had spent on the early access (of course).- Decided to pick the game back up again and see how it was doing a few days ago. To my surprise, the gameplay was SIGNIFICANTLY better. Been playing non stop for the past few days, it's tons of fun even with the desync and combat issues.-Shows tons of promise, devs are polite and reasonable even with somewhat cancerous community sometimes, and the combat/desync/etc major overhaul update is incoming hopefully this month.-Give it a try, especially fans of M&B."
76561198260131177,Recommended,327070,33840549,Posted: 27 July,all,KRANBERRY22,This is a open world sand box survivle game but with a midevil twist. It has a realistic combat system that is some what buggy but where this game shines is the crafting and pvp systems the large scale open world seiges on towns and castles are very fun. and the crafting system is very indepth and inturusting
,Not Recommended,327070,26531420,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Malacare,"Not as good as I thought it would be. Pretty clunky mechanics, the framerate is atrocious, and the npcs lack the intelligence you can usually find in other games. It can be fun though. I'd say that the real fun is found when you join a warband and go on a savage rampage across the lands.That said, this game needs to improve; A LOT."
,Recommended,327070,34906245,Posted: 12 September,all,Onevy,"I just started playing this game two days ago.. I will say it defiantly needs some work, with combat and a tone of bugs. Though with combat, if you take you're time with it, it actually works.. For example, blocking.. After striking an enemy (Only twice) prepare for a block and wait a second or two after the block (They will attack within that time) then proceed with the attack asap.Also there's bugs everywhere, but most are avoidable (Thank goodness) for example jumping over some fences tend to f#$k you up.. So, just take your time running around them.But what i love about the game is well, it's medieval and it does it really really well in most cases.. I love the normal MMORPG style, going quest to quest, doing side-quest and doing anywhere, fighting anyone, anytime.. (Though it's odd fighting one guy and another just watches until you hit them (That's the mmorpg thing, remember!)Another few things i love, but yet to attend (Because i'm only low level as of now) is the faction bases PvP, PvP area, The big amount of gear/loot, farming and so forth.Also i suggest the developers add horses to the game because it's a huge open world and sometimes feels tedious just running to places far away.I do suggest the game, it's defiantly something with an original concept and extremely fun!"
,Recommended,327070,23490944,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Biam BuckBabam,">Log in>Decide to play on a server close to me>Click on the closest server ""connecting to game server"">Think to myself ""Oh this shouldn't be too bad"">Oh boy was i wrong>Waiting, for what seems like an eternaty>Finally, as if god himself had blessed me, the game connects>I scream in ecstasy>Finally, i can be a knight and kill everybody and be awesome>I spend a solid 10 minutes customizing my caracter>Oh boy this is going to be good>Right as I finish complete charater>""The  server has been shut down"">Instantly delete the game and request a refund.>But then, i realize, i was waiting for more than two hours>Refund denied10/10 would waste 20 bucks again.Great waiting simulator"
76561198050646315,Not Recommended,327070,33726617,Posted: 22 July,all,Mexeroser,"This game is still in a way too early stage in my opinion. The combat feels sluggish and the game does not feel optimized at all.If you are looking for a large scale combat game, with intense fights, this is probably not the right game, at least not yet.I initially bought this game a year ago since back then it still had really good reviews and convinced me that it was already good enough to be played. This however, did not seem to be the case.The devs seem to be working hard on the game and try to update it as fast as possible, but unless they totally revamp the combat I cannot see this game succeed.I do not think the idea behind this game is bad, don't get me wrong: I love RvR type of games and I wish there were more of them. But I just have not been able to enjoy the game at such an early stage, and 1 year later I still can't. I will always come back and check for new updates and wish the devs all the best, but for now I will have to give the game a negative review."
76561198131719713,Recommended,327070,27524389,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,plague dragon,gg gg
76561198096541986,Recommended,327070,28966303,Posted: 2 January,all,AmericanNatSoc,"I HAVE YET TO PLAY EVER ASPECT OF THIS GAME SO TAKE WHAT I SAY WITH A GRAIN OF SALT! now Mortal online is similar to mount and blade... kinda. Understand the combat mechanics are kinda bad, its really really bad (i believe they are working on it so be patient.) Now there is a lot of bad with this game however God bless the developers because they are making pretty recent updates to it so i believe one day it will be a pretty perfect game. Just not today, however i have a lot of fun for the state that this game is in, i want to kill ever robber in sight and loot whatever i see, and its very open. from my undertanding you can make cities? ill get back to you on it. but you can be almost anything you want! which is friggen awesome!id rate this game a very solid 6.5/10 and the developers are working hard to make it a 10/10 so i say DO get it... on sale when its one sale. just so you have some extra money and help the devs too! RAH!"
,Recommended,327070,27583668,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The bastard,"It ruined my life, lost my job, my wife, my child, my proyects... but at least I got two more settlements for midland!"
76561198037223729,Recommended,327070,28105822,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Slam Jones,"An excellent Early Access title with a lot of potential, Gloria Victis manages to combine your typical MMO levelling archeptypes with a class-less, free-form character creation system that truly allows a player to customize their character to feel exactly how they want them to.The crafting system is very in-depth and rewarding.  It may look a little daunting at first, with multiple pages of recipes and such, but the systems in-game allow one to easily find what recipes they are looking for, or substitute rare resources for more common ones in some recipes.  As you level, your chance of creating better items increases.  If you are making a lowere-level item and you have higher-leveled crafting, you have a higher chance of getting a better item, between +1 and +6.  The higher your level, the higher the typical bonus.Combat, to be truthful, is a little clunky due mostly to lag.  However, they have stated that the next upcoming patch (as of this writing, Nov 30, 2016) will vastly improve combat mechanics, smoothness, and hitboxes.  Regardless, it is still very tactical in its current form... if you forget to parry or move around, you will get killed easily.  Block and parry your opponents attacks, manuever around them, and strike when they are stunned. :)The devs have a long way to go, but... just take a look at the patch notes.  Take note of how frequent patches are.  Take note of exactly WHAT is updated in each patch.  IMO, it looks like they are on a great path, and I'm very happy to see where this game goes!SLAY THE MIDS!!!!  FOR ISMIR!!!!!"
76561198173099426,Recommended,327070,28756417,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Jurchibald,"This is a great MMO with lots of potential and I hope it won't go to waste..  I have been looking for a game like this for ages. You can build your own castle, you can craft your stuff it is a great game"
,Recommended,327070,23477055,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Woneyed,"They fixed the 90% Issue really fast, Managed to log in and get some game time in. The game still needs a bit of work, but overall im currently having a good time. The crafting system is like your typical RUST,ARK style collect and craft system, which I like a lot. For a buy to play game, I have no problems spending 20 bucks on this game, its fun."
76561198052376424,Recommended,327070,35388357,Posted: 1 October,all,ᚱᚢᛊᛊᚲᛁᛁ,"Yes, it's raw, but it is already nice to play. Like other people alredy said, this game needs larger playerbase to report and just to give the developers some money so they will be able to keep the work going on. My personally opinion is, that the game will move to beta stage next year in march or so. Buy it and have fun."
76561198048071848,Recommended,327070,27264526,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SourMilk,"Though this game does need work (obviously since its in alpha), This game is really fun in general and has a lot of potential. I look forward to its future."
,Recommended,327070,24240705,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Enigma?,game rocks
,Recommended,327070,29097993,Posted: 7 January,all,JesusTheLizard,Such wow
,Recommended,327070,28357584,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,bastiangrey,"I have been playing for about a week and I really enjoy the gameplay. I like the quest system based on location. I like the way the faction system hinders RPK style players, but still allows a lot of pvp. So far, no news about pets, but I'm looking forward to mounts and homes. Very detailed crafting system."
76561198002728710,Recommended,327070,28297375,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Neveses,"Great game, i like the hardcore concept. It is a little hard to get into, due to the fact you have no idea what youre doing. I joined a guild pretty quickly and they are very helpful. Everyone is pretty helpful in global too.Minor bugs here and there nothing that kills the game. I am very much enjoying the time i spent and the PVP."
76561198004001687,Recommended,327070,23500246,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Deemie,"Good so far for an alpha. Devs seem determined at the moment.-Combat is reminiscent of Mount and Blade but not as polished, hit boxes can be pretty weird.-Crafting system is complex and rewarding.-Animations are pretty wonky but it's being worked on supposedly.-Fairly large open world.-Several bugs but you have to expect that in Alpha.-Perfectly playable in its current state.Overall, the 8 hours I've got at the time of review have been a little grindy but not a bad use of time, I'm happy for 18$ and hopeful for the future of this game."
,Recommended,327070,24322895,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,YodaDoge,Open PVP.Invade/Claim Regions.Lots of Crafting.Challenging bosses.Beautiful scenery.Still lots of lags and some more issues. It is Alpha for a reason..
76561198049778006,Recommended,327070,24276627,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,unname,this is mount and blade online
76561198152970850,Recommended,327070,24093599,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Pollux,"Its in Alpha so there are bugs, but still very playable and a heap of fun.  Very excited for the future of this game and it was well worth the money spent."
76561198125658643,Not Recommended,327070,34424905,Posted: 22 August,all,John MacClane,"A very buggy game.  But thats what you get when you play in an alpha.The main thing that im giving this a thumbs down is because of some very major glitches1) Not being able to loot enemies after you miss out on the first interact period, and then trying to get the loot option to pop back up but it does not2) The way the attacking goes. It should be like the M&B style where if im aiming to the right, I do a right swing etc.3) No Global Chat and very laggy combatThough, I will keep updating th game as I play further on.-Update-The tournament is♥♥♥♥♥♥how its set up. Needs to be it will start no matter how many people. Even if no azebs join it will still start. And everyone in que joins"
76561198091309335,Recommended,327070,27606665,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,bembi,buy it ! dont be fooled by the negative reviews !amaaaaaaaazing game ! needs some touch ups and future content will make it epic !aus player= 20-60 ping maxruns 30+ frames on old laptop.i5 2450mnvidia 630m4gb ramwin 7med-high with low shadows
76561198058640073,Recommended,327070,24504183,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,[TDBH] Marquis,its a Really good game the combat could use a tweek but over all the crafting the exsperence and the landcape is amazing i like how humiod noc can be intiminated by you but animals dont give a ♥♥♥♥ like how realistic it is with a touch of fantasy really great game it may be mix but thats becaus of the issues it had in the past give it a try
,Recommended,327070,25307483,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Don,"So far so good! It's pretty stinking fun.So far my buddy and I have:1. Ran out, just exploring. Beautiful map, great effects with the storm we were happy wit hthat.2. Visited a castle that was under attack, one of our faction allies defended the whole place.3. On the way to said castle we found a guy, so we chased him. My buddy went after him with his huge polearm, and I was shooting him with arrows. We chased him all the way to the coast, after jumping off a mountain and nearly dying xD, and he would rather swim out to sea and drown than die to us. It was hilarious though.4. Met up with two men of the same faction. We went into a swamp and slaughtered some passive NPC's that were basically tree huggers..it was sad. Eventually we found this huge dude and we all beat down on him, I think we were used though cause the guy that brought us there took the loot and spoke nothing of it :p.5. Took over an actual town! Beat the crap out of the doors for a good 10 minutes until they broke, then slaughtered the village, and took it over.!6. One of the allies made me a helmet out of bear skin, so I look like a freak :(.All in all, it's pretty fun. I think because we were playing so late that there weren't a ton of people on, but I'm willing to bet if we get on at a wholesome hour (not midnight, lol.) that we'll run into a lot more people. So if you're on the fence about this, just give it a try. We honestly bought it and thought we might return it if it didn't go well, but we were happy to be in the wrong!---------------1 year after that review ^Still good! Got into a guild, it's fun to work with others and help them out. Chat is pretty toxic at times but eh what can you do, I just mute em..but it only lasts a session so I have to do it every time :p. Uhm there are currently 3 f actions with a small player base..and like 5 servers so it's pretty lame when they run and hide on another server..but again..what can you do? :P"
76561197966396092,Recommended,327070,23559924,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,HawkeX,Really fun game. Even though it's in it's Alpha there is still so much to do. Good crafting system and their is nothing better than hunting other players down to steal their lovely shiny items muhahaha
76561198058150394,Recommended,327070,24218514,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Neofatal,Just get it...its that damn good and gonna get better.
,Not Recommended,327070,28981325,Posted: 3 January,all,xGreedo,the lag is insane
76561198019326848,Not Recommended,327070,33395186,Posted: 8 July,all,Nox,"Don't, not yet. Needs a lot of work to be worth playing for any amount of time, a lot of balance, a lot of everything. Early Access to the max. Don't get it unless you don't mind it collecting dust in your library for a long time."
76561198204872679,Not Recommended,327070,29678904,Posted: 3 February,all,"Cthulhu, Sleeper of R'lyeh","far too clunky, directionless, and boring"
76561198391327178,Recommended,327070,31999865,Posted: 27 May,all,chiccobabyfant,"Found out about this game from my friend, really enjoying it so far!"
76561198162893766,Not Recommended,327070,23769674,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,TayvuhnNigerian,"I dont really know what to say about this game other than it looks a lot better than it actually is. I really REALLY wanted to like this game but I cant because it plays like trash. Other people seem to be able to play this game at great settings and get an FPS of around 40. I can play this game on minimum settings and only get 20-30 FPS which i think is garbage. On lowest settings this game looks like an unfinished GMod map with dull tetures and NPC's that are all one model.It has a really nice concept and if I could actually play it I would be so happy. But this game is an absolute potato for some strange reason for about 10% of the population. I dont know if is a problem that will be fixed or if I am the only one who is experiencing it but it's pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t considering all my friends get to have fun playing and instead im putting all my settings on lowest.It's not a CPU issue either. I can run Skyrim and ESO on max settings and get up to 50 FPS which is pretty good,.I dunno at this point im just really frustrated that I wasted 20 bucks on a game that doesnt even play for me. But I keep coming back to the game to see if its fixed and nope."
76561198064961814,Recommended,327070,23521734,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,sudomudo,"Been playing for quite a bit and i can honestly say that the game is surprisingly good. The devs have done a good job of keeping the crazy amount of load to a minimum ping on the servers and always adverted when restarts were necessary. The start is pretty tough but as soon as you set yourself a goal on what you want to do in the game; also, getting the items is not grindy at all and fewer bugs than i expected. If you're wondering about servers, they have servers for every region, except for africa i believe."
,Recommended,327070,32225674,Posted: 6 June,all,Coling1025,"The game is very fun, but u must find a guild to play with and join discord to make it more enojyable. Everyone is recruiting new players and will help u out with the game. if u ever need a guild just ask in nation chat they will add u and prob ask u to join their coms. But very fun and many more new things r to come."
76561198399742230,Recommended,327070,32667679,Posted: 22 June,all,FlowersUpside,"First minutes were pretty hard, but after learning basics its pretty fun! Leveling my toon for some PvP action now, might edit review later."
76561198299149920,Not Recommended,327070,24254872,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Thundarr,♥♥♥♥ someone stole my boss loot 10000 meters awayfix it !!!
,Not Recommended,327070,30716158,Posted: 24 March,all,BIA_VOLDORAC,"It laggs like never before, and it feels like a sandbox game released from 2002"
76561198393071248,Recommended,327070,32180123,Posted: 4 June,all,skyytree,I have to admit that crafting is really well done. Making wine and beer all day long!I like playing on tourney as it's one of most exiting part of the game.Waiting for combat animations :)
76561198391453140,Recommended,327070,31995882,Posted: 27 May,all,NejaaHalHalcyon,"Really nice game with great atmosphere! The world the developers created is absolutely unique and the dev team seems to be really active on this game, they keep releasing updates weekly and just greatly expanded the world! If you're also dreaming about low-fantasy medieval MMORPG with great feeling, reminding of Gothic, Witcher or Mount'n'Blade, you should definitely give it a try!"
,Not Recommended,327070,26491916,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Fred the dog,"started the game, glitched in a wall, restarted, fell through the map. Obviously needs alot of bug fixing, in the meanwhile i refunded the game. But it's a indie game so i stay polite. It has potentional, as of now i won't recommend it, it's not worth the purchage yet IMO"
76561198091803222,Not Recommended,327070,23992730,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,CaptainPantan,"In its current state, this game can be fun with friends or with large groups. However, this game has horrible AI, janky combat and not enough content. Hopefully it will improve in the future, but for now hold off on buying this game."
76561198180359182,Recommended,327070,23995942,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,SinisterSteve,Great game can't wait to see what the the devs add to it.
76561198142409832,Recommended,327070,25239017,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Malidrach,"Great, great, Game!"
,Recommended,327070,24217173,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Yoloswagbae,lots of potential even tho pre-alpha :)
76561198138603364,Recommended,327070,25154742,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Zenamoth,"For the early stage this game is in, so far realy good and fun game. looking forward to the new factions coming out soon :)"
76561198132266582,Recommended,327070,24236346,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Pawello,"Game have great potential. Its something i was looking for. Only thing i dont love in Gloria Victis are not good enough animations. But decisively, if you looking for medival mmorpg you should check it! :)"
76561198221797924,Recommended,327070,25246500,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Defelial,"Ill lay it plane and simpleThis game is going to be the ♥♥♥♥ing bomb when it's fully complete, the crafting system wanna makes u go full pve or pvp if u dont want to craft stuff and trust me, crafting in this game is really huge, take control of bases with your friends and have your own flag a top of it on a persistent world on wich factions taking over places affects evertones map and stuff, go with friends, raid the vikings or the knights, the game has 4 factions, you can pick 2 the other 2 factions are not done friends, remember, alpha and stuff, you can pay as a guy or a girl, girls will have to wait a bit tho, the combat sistem is similar ot warband and skyrimish at some points, it needs some work here and there but hey, the game isnt ready, the scenes and places are really well made, trully an awesome game to play with friends!!!100% Recomended for those who seek medieval/dark fantasy games!!! with no giant xmas tree looking swords and armors with tons of colours and♥♥♥♥♥♥ here WE GO PRATICAL !! the game is great, go buy it guys.If you cant deal with bugs and i mean lots of em then you should wait for the final release"
,Recommended,327070,26502630,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,♆SatanBallsDeepMcGee♆,"For a early access game I AM IN LOVE WITH THIS! huge pvp nerd so its a no brainer for me. Little grindy but eh its awesome exploring the okay sized world. The music score is very beautiful, and for a unity game looks damn pretty. 8/10 needs better animations but thats coming too. :D"
,Recommended,327070,28966797,Posted: 2 January,all,nzk0,It's like DayZ meets Mount & Blade. Really really fun.
76561198201637303,Recommended,327070,27237494,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Toth,"This game is a hidden gem that everyone needs to play if they own a PC and love the midlevel gene or fantasy. Gloria Victis also has the best combat that i have played to date action wise it makes you think before striking that foe ""which way are i  attack my foe"" because it have directional attack and they do different things to a target like say a above attack can give you a chances to head shot a thing your attacking. Along with this the game isn't over saturated with the fantasy tones that you see in todays games. Following this the armor and weapons are of the time period and not made up and comical looking (however their are not any females yet but more on that later). Lastly the graphics are outstanding given the fact that this is a Indi game not stunning like other games like Tera but in its own right a good looking game none the less. Last and not least i should mention that the Developers have been on top of everything for the most part (see below) and are creating a lot of in game events and the like to keep us entertained. Now for the negative stuffThis game is in Early Access so of course this game is going to have scores of bugs and the like so prepare yourself (however the have been top notch to get rid of them quickly). Second is the Females they are not in the game of today(11-24-16) but they are planing to put them into the game. And lastly this game is not a cake walk even at high levels you will be owned by other players NPCS and other things that makes you feel stupid as hell some times.As you can see the game doesn't have too many cons and a lot of pros so we shall see if you are willing to get yourself into the world of Gloria Victis."
,Recommended,327070,28130570,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,afattiegamer,Great game hope the Devs Stay strong with it could be then next TSwift of games if you ask me.
,Recommended,327070,28518284,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,YoungMoney~,"Gloria Victis is WORTH PLAYING! +1Take part in a Conflict bigger than yourself as a Noble Midlander, or Marauding Ismir.Explore the vast Land of Stoneholm and it's surronding Islands.Currently the Game's Player Economy is primarily made up of Bartering Items & Resources.It Is Low Fantasy. However they do incorporate European Folklore which gives this Game that similiar Fantasy-Charm. (Giants, Spectres, Drowned Maids, Goblin looking things.)Crafting is In-Depth and can require more than 1 person to help gather resources necessary for Crafting. (Crafting is Very Rewarding.)What keeps me entertained in this Game is the never ending War. Continually Upgrading, and Rearming the Players of your Faction for the Nights PVP. Claiming and Defending Settlements from the opposing Faction. And Crafting is important, being higher in crafting makes your less Reliant on your fellow country men, and makes YOU in Important."
76561198071418980,Recommended,327070,29080102,Posted: 6 January,all,raj3king,Incredible....Will Get Better for sure.....Devs are working real hard...I want to support the game even more....any in game purchases(cosmetics)would allow me to do so
,Recommended,327070,27609708,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,icliot,I'm pretty sure that 120 of my 129.8 hrs in this game was spent crafting. I hate crafting.
76561198336077234,Recommended,327070,26704705,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Artemis Blood,"Amazing game. Not even close to full release yet but hours and hours of good content. Feels like skyrim did, but in a very good way. Planned updates will turn it into an archeage without magic or pay to win. Very excited to watch an already great game get better."
76561198011074498,Recommended,327070,28130085,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Vinditater,"Game has alot of potential,  and the devs are very active.  Crafting is central to the game, with focus on PvP open world engagements.  Highly recommend a try."
,Recommended,327070,28192082,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,[SLR] Janortner,"In-Game name: SirJanLevel: 31Nation: IsmirsAs a young Ismir warrior I had gained some combat experience fighting all sorts of scoundrel. Deserters, Robbers, Partisants, Corsairs, you name it. Through this I had the opportunity to get hold of some decent gear and a beautiful two-handed sword that I had found deep within the mountain catacombs while almost losing my life to a couple skeletons and some drowned maids.I had heard tales of the war. The Midlanders, those cursed foreigners that were seeking to destroy us Ismirs and our way of life. Recently the war had run in our favour so the country was relatively calm. When the Midlanders took O'Nar's Farm I decided it was time for me to take action and help repel the enemy invaders. I traveled to the Mines of Dunfen where I met 3 others seeking to take the farm back. We assaulted O'Nar's Farm, easily slaughtering the guards. However a Midlandic scout spotted us and soon returned with an army of 6 Midlanders. Outnumbered, our commander decided we fall back to the Mines of Dunfen. There we together with the guards at the mine were able to repel the Midlandic attacks thrice, our commander slaying 3 foes alone, which made our hearts rejoice. We launched a counter-attack spear-headed by our valiant commander, eventually killing 2 more Midlanders and taking O'Nars's Farm.The land is calm again as there is a tournament being held. I am a watcher at the border to our enemies territory now, at the Mines of Dunfen. How long will the calm remain? Will I live to see tomorrow?10/10 great MMO with great combat, can't wait to see what the devs will add next"
76561198079568947,Recommended,327070,28206257,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Brandon,"Still work to be done, but it is well on its way and it is enjoyable"
76561198220438836,Recommended,327070,27337108,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jason,still very early but has a lot going on for it as far as things keeping u interested. combat needs to improve but so far very cool.
76561198147341686,Recommended,327070,28531998,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Muck | KRIKA,"Dear the majority of those who have submitted negative reviews, look at the game in a full picture.Gloria Victis has been in the making since early 2012, beginning with an already upgrading, and new system. Knowing that the team has been working on this, extensively, with more updates, new factions, and more land, you can't deny the amount of effort that they have put into the game. The graphics are beautiful, and I sometimes even stand in the middle of a forest, or swamp, and look at the magnificent detail. GV has outperformed many MMOs, and even being in Unity, that's even more outstanding.Another part of the game that also surprises me is how they've introduced the story, so far, with the two factions, The Highlanders and The Ismirs. They made a description for them, describing their part and how they have come to be in Stoneholm, a continent divided with different control points, and environments. Many people can come over, and assist with attacking, and it feels like everything is so action pased. Although, knowing how large the map is going to become, and the population, expect alot more than just your average gameplay on any MMO. (even though their is lag, it is because of the large amount of players at one point, but this is only temporary and is unlikely)None of this could have been achieved without the developers, and the assistance of the community. Unlike other games, the developers continue to improve on a game such as this, and don't let it rot like DayZ or Rust. I don't mean to bash on any other games, but Gloria Victis shines above them on many different terms.You should get this game as soon as possible; you will not regret it."
76561198051245395,Not Recommended,327070,28997514,Posted: 3 January,all,Wenuk,"I dont understand why but on a 40ping server stuff was bouncing all over the place during combat. npc's, players and my self. very buggy game with a really good world.I'm hoping this isnt a game that gets abandoned by devs after making enough money. Just in case I do not recommend this until the bugs get fixed.Other than that its a really fun game. different than most sandbox games with immersive gameplay."
76561198041856810,Recommended,327070,23592100,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,grim reaper,like this game but would like the gaer to be repaired to 100%.
76561197972998380,Recommended,327070,23610250,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Njord,"Two hours into the game and I can say it was quite an awesome experience. Went through the basics, got my feet wet in combat outside of town, and was picked up by a war party at only lv3. That's when the real fun began. There is a great deal to see in the on countryside. I spent the next hour sacking settlement after settlement and actually managed to level up quickly/become a valued member of the group. The best part by far though is the bloodshed and looting. Every battle unfolded like a viking onsalught. I have yet to even begin crafting and explore other areas of the game. First impression of the game, amazing. I am currently lv9, theres blood on my axe, and i'm into some coinage. This game is a well disposed of Andrew Jackson and i'm confident it will only get better. 10/10"
76561198006646924,Not Recommended,327070,28936143,Posted: 2 January,all,Unkempt Davids,"In it's current state, I would advise not to buy this game. Read below why!As a long time MMO gamer and very appreciative player of semi-realistic featured melee games such as Warband.The game felt like a refreshing path into the world of MMO's. But this is ruined by the fact that the game itself has terrible FPS but it will tell you 60 and above. Synchronization and response times are abysmal. (No your lowest ping server won't make a difference) More often than not you'll see your supposed enemy blinking around your field of view. Making it very annoying to track your target or strategically plan your attack/defense.I would play this game in the future if they took care of the Servers/Engines glaring issues. As of right now though, with research. It seems their focus is on building onto their models and improving on content.Instead of taking care of the one thing that would make this game both playable and enjoyable."
,Recommended,327070,23845383,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Terrarisk,"very hard for me, i dont play many mmo rpgs and it has its learning curve for sure."
,Recommended,327070,23622564,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Slaker,"Very good PVP game, still in very rough shape at this stage but it has a lot potential. It is worth for money for sure if you love PVP."
76561198031368218,Recommended,327070,27061311,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Muppit,"Deep crafting, unique character builds, A lvl1 character with skill can kill a much higher level player.Needs optimization,better building system,some sort of speed and weight system.Looks good for an early alpha, I hope they do well!"
,Recommended,327070,27175892,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Britannvs,"Needs work, but very promising."
76561198070562723,Not Recommended,327070,28248986,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Nex,"The NA servers are dead and one side is always winning. The game feels bare bones. I think small teams should give up on developing games, because if this is as far as they come in five years, then I somehow doubt it will ever be finished..They have probably already milked this for all it is worth. Let's be honest, the whole EA thing is starting to dry up. All these people paying for an idea, when they are actually buying an unfinished game that will eventually be forgotten in the next year.. Maybe sooner, seeing how Conan Exiles will be out soon."
,Recommended,327070,23985685,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,XOXO,"Revisited: (UPDATED 2017)1) Character creation has vastly improved over the months. The recent Christmas patch has introduced new character models and overhauled the existing character creation system. With the NEW modification tool, players can easily customize facial details to his delight. Despite all these positive changes, the game has yet to introduce FEMALE character models and new RACES.2) In Game Font are now more readable with the increase in font size and changes of font style. Back then, the chatlogs were difficult to read as the letters were 3/4 the size of the review's letter. To my dismay, chatlogs & info menu bar are not really well organize and has a plain layout.3) Addition of SEA Server based in Singapore has greatly benefited players from around the region. As a player coming from here, there is lesser server spikes and pings which improve our gaming experiences. Since it is a new server not much players are found here but time will tell.4)  Combat system and animation has reworked. The team brought in Kubold Kisiel who has previously worked on games like Gears of War and The Witcher 3: The Wild Hunt to personally make new animations. Aside from that hitbox detection and other performance issues has been improved over time.Conclusion:It seems that all the issues i addressed the developers have really taken action to improve it. Hence im recommending this game but for those who are still concern you can still wait for  full release."
76561198241370402,Recommended,327070,28328837,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,linktothepast99,I'm excited to see where this game goes.
76561198188350263,Recommended,327070,28231445,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,PirateFranky,"game is great, only problem is the ping for asean servers =/"
,Recommended,327070,24071971,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,ApostleOfTheGodHand,"Best Open world I try so far. The nation pvp is a great concept, the great war between the nations, the combat is fun and intensive. The game has the potential to be a super game. Hope more friends start playing, there is potential for all kind of adventures and epic fights. Reminds me of the world of Berserk anime, love it!"
76561197992337015,Recommended,327070,28037401,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,billbo69,"Its epic, and we have only just started!! get involved people.Best EA game i have ever played.Thank you black eyed games."
,Recommended,327070,28015697,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Akasi,"This game will be great. As of now you can do some pve, pvp and crafting. No dual wielding and havent found spell casting but who knows, that may come!"
76561198204405053,Recommended,327070,26573450,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Quartz Pillar,"Log on.I spend an hour walking around figuring out what to do and how to get out of this area.Finally get out.I walk around and shoot some folks with arrows.I try out melee combat.I died for no reason.I try again, and kill some folks.A man chases me, I die once again.Dying is not that bad, I'll try some more of it."
76561198078124500,Recommended,327070,24277795,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,butter,Great game so far for an alpha
76561198118631101,Recommended,327070,23502341,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Noodles,"-------REMEMBER ALL OF THE NEW USERS FROM STEAM ARE CAUSING SERVERS TO NEED MAINTENANCE, IT MIGHT TAKE A WHILE TO LOG IN--------Now i purchased this game merely yesterday and have already had a blast just playing around trying to work things out and the community is lovely! to the point of where when i first spawned there were 6 players in chat offering their help to people who are new :D Now the gameplay is very skill based however from looking into the game the crafting system from what i've seen is deep and rewarding. I can't really give my view on the game since i've only been playing but just note that this game does not hold your hand in the slightest, and to me thats a very nice charm, and is good for players who are just entering the hardcore genre.For everyone complaining, this game is pre-alpha! you are buying into a growing product so expect bugs and other issues. However the game's devs have big plans for the game and potential is high with this one.So don't buy the game expecting a triple A experience because this game was handcrafted experience formed by 9 people. Buy the game if you want an experience and being able to buy into an ever expansive game with devs who are keen to update and add new things!P.S: Buying into the game this early might put people off, however i say give it a try and you might find something you love! :D"
,Recommended,327070,23507614,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,KidPanchi,"Ive been looking for a game like ROK (Reign Of Kings) for a very long time and this game totally delivers on every aspect. A MMO in the medieval ages, massive PvP combat, open world exploration, and of course...CUSTOMIZATION. Definetely worth every penny in my opinion. The devs seem to be very well immersed in the community as well so that just puts the frosting on the cake. 10/10 boys keep it up."
76561197984749599,Recommended,327070,23649840,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,OneBeast,Fun game!
76561198039587840,Recommended,327070,23651607,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Xzenit,"A lot of pvp, an active working game developper team, making your own armors, weapons  with the crafting system (or slay and loot the ennemy house's players) and a lot of fun. This is what Gloria Victis is. You'll have to choose between 2 big houses and try to conquer some fortresses and towns for your house. These will grant you huge xp bonuses for leveling your crafting and character's level.The only thing to do to get into it is to be with friends, a lot of friends in order to make some nice and epic journey.Don't forget, this is an Alpha, you'll encounter a lot of bugs. If you don't mind them, just go for it, eventho it's a bit expensive for what it is. They should review the price, but well it's for a good cause :-)See you on the battlefield!"
76561198011385864,Recommended,327070,23510620,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,CENSURED,"I want to be optimistic but while transparent, the game is good in some aspect and horrible in others. The game is centered around crafting and that is the bulk of the game- gathering tons of materials (and there are many) to craft materials to craft more materials so that you can get a better weapon/armor. The other part of this game is the PVP, the map is quite large and it is open-world pvp (more like faction vs faction) with settlements/castles that can be claimed for your faction which provides a faction wide persistent buff. The combat seems alright, it is not flashy or fast but more like a game of rock-paper-scissors (block, attack, or guard-break) that being said the combat is a bit suspensful as no 2 like npcs have the same ""gear or stats"" meaning two level 5 bandits will be the same in terms of HP and DPS.Early Access: This is VERY early into the game and the game is in alpha stage still, there are a LOT of bugs, some you may feel are game-breaking but I still feel the game captures a niche that so many try to and fail that it is worth sticking around.Conclusion: Is the game worth $20 right now? probably not, but it will most certainly will be if they can clean up a handful of bugs and server issues."
76561198163060097,Recommended,327070,23491557,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,STONECOLDPRO,"i played about 10 min of this game and i already know its good. keep up the good work devs you dont want to end up like ""the black death""(2016 game)"
,Not Recommended,327070,23919293,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,𝐌𝖆𝖑𝖚𝖘,"This game... It's not pretty, it's not functional, it's not very much of anything.Though I do understand it is early access and in alpha (however I truly hate publishers who do this.) it is NOT worth the price tag.Graphics may be nice, but the layout is terrible. The landscape is patchy and horribly pathed, objects are heavily out of place, and display glitches are common.Combat is... Well, so far I've seen of it? Terrible. Any man and his dog can kill you easily, and you just the same if you know how to use the current buggy as all hell stamina system. Attack damage is lesser when you have no stamina, and stamina is like gold. It just disapears after a few hits and takes a VERY long time to regenerate. Shields are all powerful except for in melee combat they eventually give, and the only way to succeed is to stick to groups. I would know, I've given up solo and played plenty of group raids. When you die there is some kind of looting points system that doesn't seem to work very well. It should also be noted that hits registering are abysmally poor in accuracy and half the time you're swinging at the air.Crafting I haven't bothered getting in to, but I've heard it's very difficult. Leveling it is hard, and so is leveling your character.It took me roughly 2 hours of group play to go from level 14 to 16. The maximum level is 100. Stats eventually start to require more than one point per level and that's pretty disgusting personally.Networking side of things is also a huge mess, everything lags and nothing works well. Server spikes are very very common and rubber banding is how you will travel half the time, speaking of travel it is a nightmare as there is no fast travel option or mounting system. Combat will lag, the UI will not respond, lots of issues there.All in all, unless the game improves drastically within the next few months it's going to be another early access money train or the new life is feudal.What a mess."
,Not Recommended,327070,25325966,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Makkiduperz,"Not what I expected from the pictures & videos I saw. It has nice expectations but as where it is now it seems to be way too unbalanced, specialy where new players can't do♥♥♥♥♥♥to those lvl above even if they don't wear armor or anything.I've only played this game for 99 minutes but it was enough to experience it all! so for now I'm downvoting it."
76561198086494997,Recommended,327070,23493605,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,ChowChowthePig,"Logging in is a bit difficult, sometimes I join the game without my clothes and weapons, and walking and jumping are a bit wacky. However, this game is fun to play when you ignore the issues. In my opinion, it shows a lot of promise."
,Recommended,327070,23633443,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Sniper Boi Walrus,"---This review will be updated as I play---BASIC REVIEWPros:- Amazingly in depth crafting system, requires a lot of serious resource gathering as opposed to everything just coming to you- Bow combat is rather smooth, make sure to aim high- The world is very well designed and has many interesting locations and beautiful scenes- Faction combat system reminds me of DAoC, ESO, and other MMOs of the like. Things can change in a moment and constant attention to the battleground is necessary. Ultimately a ton of fun.- Leveling system is simple but not boring- Easy to meet up and form groups with other playersCons- Graphics aren't the best- Buggy (to be expected with an early access title from such a small Dev team)- Melee combat is pretty clunky- This one is mostly conditional - LIKE ALL OTHER MMOS you'll have to grind to level as you get high upUltimately, I would definitely reccomend this game. If you're trying to play it without any friends going in it might not be as fun but you can group up with someone pretty easily and have fun from there, If you have a friend and both get it and start together it's a ton of fun - and that's ultimately what this game is about, as tamwork and companionship are the brick and mortar required to have a good experience in this game. Also, it is important to keep in mind that this is an Early Access title, so be prepared for some bugs and clunky mechanics. Despite this, the game still handles well and is a ton of fun.--------------------6 HOURS INMy friend and I joined a server as Ismirs and immediately started wandering around, killing things in the spirit of the MMO grind. We explored and kept this up for about 2 hours, during which we found a ton of cool locations, other players (friendly and enemy), and had a generally great time. Eventually we ventured south and stumbled upon limetown, which happened to be under the grasp of the Midlanders. We didn't realize this until we were in the town, and we proceeded to chase the midlanders from the town. Unfortunately we got rekt by some nearby NPCs. When we respawned we joined up with a large group in the town to go on a warband and reclaim all the southern territories, then head north and conquer more. We tore through the 3 major southern territories and got fractured when we arrived at Castle Audunstede. After that, infighting within the group tore everyone apart and we decided we'd be better off going and grinding some more while they got their♥♥♥♥♥♥together.A great first session for a game that I thought would disappoint me initially, but turned out to be fantastic."
76561198031939373,Recommended,327070,23742785,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,carmine,Just pure MMO fun.
76561198006497655,Recommended,327070,23627444,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Christophoulos,"Great game with loads of potential. Its like War of the Roses meets runescape or Elder scrolls.It is a massive grind which somehow reminds me of runescape and for some reason I'm enjoying it.I get no FPS issues, I do get a little desync sometimes and its hard to hit short range bow attackss because of this but from what I've heard it was a lot worse a while back and there have been significant improvements in connectivity.Game won't be out for a while (Completely out) so problems will be resolved.Completely Medieval.I'm a little worried about the development speed of the game but at the moment I'm satisfied with how the game is."
,Recommended,327070,29453650,Posted: 23 January,all,!LQ!,"Pros:Servers For Each Region""CTF"" type of play styleFriendly Community (As long as you are on the same faction)NOT Pay-To-WinMassive Crafting ListOpen WorldCons:Clunky Game MechanicsSometimes server memory leakageHigh ping during populated hours of the dayNeut (Some like, Some dont) :Open World PVP (High level players can go to lower level areas and kill noobs whenever they want)Non-Target combat (You will not target enemies, it has a ""Chivalry Medieval Warfare"" type of combat system)Grindy Aspect (You will have to grind a lot at the start to get your crafting skills up to a point where you are self-sufficient)Friends (To take on many of the world events, you will NEED friends to play with, whether it be a guild member or a random person, because the world events are not meant to be done alone, hence the name ""WORLD event"")2 Factions (There will be an option to choose between the Ismirs and the Midlanders when you create a character, and once you choose, you cant change it for that character. I suggest checking which faction dominates your primary server and going with that if you are a beginner, because you will get slaughtered otherwise)Personally i like this game, some dont (Probably because they got ganked while being a low level)Ismirs for life"
,Recommended,327070,29290581,Posted: 15 January,all,the1smithy,"One of those games with amazing potential. Devs seem to actually care and can't fault the regular updates. I'm fairly new to the Gloria victis world but have been blown away by this gem of an early access game.Buy this game alone for its tiered crafting, it's very clever and addictive to play around with.It's almost what I wanted LIF to be an actual world where the player can influence through actions and really get immersed. Grinding is a lot more fun in GV too.Few bugs here and there but nothing too game breaking except for stuff disappearing (really hope they fix this soon).Player count isn't great at the moment only around 100 - 200 players a day currently (source steam apps). Needs more players.Some stuttering also but nothing like LIF most of the time runs 60 fps +This game has put my faith back in early access. Looking forward to seeing how it develops, make this game into the online mmo mount and blade hybrid we all crave.Ps. /unstuck gets you to nearest safe zone"
76561198141791985,Recommended,327070,29320527,Posted: 17 January,all,oORoshOo,"Wow. Just wow. I highly don't agree with those who have gave this game a thumbs down. Yea when it first arrived I was like hell no game looks very choppy, glitched and bad BUT thats bc its still in mass development and Now after waiting a while i came across it again seeing it has grown and updated and Realizing how ACTIVE the developers are and How they actually give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the players and the game. I had to buy it. This game is outstanding so far now its still little choppy here and there but The game is definetly worth the buy. Playing with my guild, my friends, gathering, looting, fighting pve or pvp, its all so entertaining and the developers have done a great job so far. I've enjoyed every hour i have put in so far and I cant wait to see this game grow and develop because when this puppy is finished its gonna be outstanding. If your looking for a Mount and blade type of game along side skyrim or just a medival game lover or even if your seeking for a something to play? Buy this."
76561198036230105,Recommended,327070,29660440,Posted: 2 February,all,Chuck,territorial pvp
,Recommended,327070,29563411,Posted: 29 January,all,itsderik,It is pretty good. There is a lot of grinding to start off with but after while its fun.
76561198045947052,Recommended,327070,29488915,Posted: 25 January,all,nicko34,This game is by far the best game i have played its really hard at first and yes i did not like it when i started the game but trust me after u understand how to chat to ur team mates its great. Every one on here is really nice and yes u get looted but people give u stuff and help out. and most of all its in alpha but they really care about the game the makers update it all the time and fix what ever need fixing so fast. so if u are looking for a new game to play buy this it is so so so good i cant stress itto much its a great way to meet good pvp players how help u throw game and make new mates.
,Not Recommended,327070,29116776,Posted: 8 January,all,Samk || Yakelo,"Anyone who talks about how many hours they have on this game and how enjoyable it is, probably have no other games in their Steam libray - if they do its probably Dayz which they are equally ignorant about. There is nothing to this game at the moment. Don't waste your money on it until they add more content - unless you're happy for it to sit in your Steam library for 2 to 3 years unplayed (that is assuming they even update this game)."
,Not Recommended,327070,34236196,Posted: 14 August,all,cener21,"It's still don't have SEA server so I can't play it, and if you are in SEA please just wait until this game have SEA server, so just be patient"
,Not Recommended,327070,28754336,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Matthew043,terrible combat system now refunded.combat if it actually worked would be boring but it doesnt even manage that.hitboxes are made up and it feels like theres a massive delay before every attack you do.
,Recommended,327070,30961447,Posted: 5 April,all,Switchblade,"i really love the idea of this game, i think it needs work and ihave not played to much of it or reched end game to give it a real review but i feel like i can get itno the game . might be lame end game and does feel repeative but meh i like it"
,Not Recommended,327070,29575398,Posted: 29 January,all,xCrossGamer,"Piece of crap. The advertising seems supisously false when you play the game. The game is more or less a elder scrolls online wanna be. There's barely anyone online, and the game feels empty."
76561198082829509,Not Recommended,327070,24025622,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,DEEEPJEEEP,"Badly want to recommend, game is very well thought-out, has endless potential and is very enjoyable. If only they could fix the servers. Latest solution to server issues? Less servers with more players, now that's a bullet proof idea. Lag city. Positive review would be necessary when the servers are functional. Hold off on buying this until they fix the bugs, NPC's/combat, and of course, the servers."
76561198345104072,Not Recommended,327070,34203655,Posted: 12 August,all,venomlicious2323,Im sorry but they keep updating this game and it keeps getting worse. It's not fun and how can a game be realistic if a guy is chasing me with 5 arrows in his face. Was a waste of my money
,Not Recommended,327070,34206152,Posted: 12 August,all,Racist Trash Bin,Very bad servers.
,Not Recommended,327070,33646774,Posted: 19 July,all,Inês Brasil,Not worh the money. I'm so sorry.
76561198407082519,Recommended,327070,33752334,Posted: 23 July,all,BhpExpert,"I am recommending that, if you have ever played Witcher 3 than you will love the music from the beginning as it have really close feeling."
76561198121692854,Not Recommended,327070,33935118,Posted: 31 July,all,Omega,"I fully realize this game is in its alpha stage and development happens weekly. I purchased this game a year ago, and the thing I have noticed is the developers are focused more on visual appeal than actual playability. I sincerely hope they change their view and focus more on core elements before finishing the classes and story and what not. In conclusion, this game has potential, but I can't see this game being finish around the end of 2017 or the end of 2018. I hope the dev team does their best job and gives us a great medieval mmo for the future."
,Not Recommended,327070,32263500,Posted: 8 June,all,Stephen Cold Bear,"Very niche game. Not pretty, smooth or user friendly."
,Not Recommended,327070,34408773,Posted: 21 August,all,Golithic0677,"Stay away from this game. Even in alpha all of the ""updates"" amount to nothing. The core of the game is still lackluster at best. Pvp is a joke, servers are empty most of the time and there are so many exploits in this game you will HAVE to abuse them just to stay current with other players. I love the direction this game is heading towards. It's just taking forever to get there. They need to stop with all of these ""improvements"" and actually fix the exploits and combat. It's sad how far the devs have let this game fall."
76561198028839739,Recommended,327070,34456465,Posted: 24 August,all,Dsx2,"This Game has a lot of potential!The gameplay is still clunky and there are a lots of issues, however the developers are trying hard to create the game on community based opinions. Personaly I was waiting for a game like this.You can always find stuff to do in game, and its best enjoyed with a friend.Some polishing and bug fixing together with a push to the correct direction can make this game something big!"
76561198058512884,Not Recommended,327070,34367614,Posted: 20 August,all,Bloodcell,Buggy garbage
,Recommended,327070,23548798,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Alutier,10/10 Wood Billets Simulator
76561198034384343,Not Recommended,327070,32233310,Posted: 6 June,all,Dusen,"Welp figured for $16 bucks you couldnt go wrong. And boy was I wrong. Combat is extremely buggy. I have a great computer and ran the game at high settings with 60 fps. I have a great internet connection and half my melee attacks didnt go through. But I figured id just brave it out for now. Turns out if your inventory is full and craft something you lose it. Why not just not let you craft it? Or let you know your inventory is full? Spent atleast 45 minutes going from spawn to limetown to farm the mats for a sword only to find out my inventory is full so I lost the sword. Theres things to make a game ""hardcore"" and theres things that can make a game stupid. And congrats you somehow found ways to punish people in a game where you have to farm mats for♥♥♥♥♥♥only to punish you if your inventory is full. Just sad that i played over 2 hours so I cant get my money back. Hope I can help you guys atleast out there."
76561198140440660,Not Recommended,327070,23605289,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,xxCD_EISELS_GAMINGxx,I tried giving this game a chance but it doesn't seem to entertain me. The trailer makes it look fun but it actually isn't like the online experience it's showing which disappoints me.
76561198010065210,Not Recommended,327070,34606882,Posted: 30 August,all,Windows7,Combat update was a bust. Developers don't care about feedback. Sad!
76561198111634011,Recommended,327070,23476714,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,The Duck of Nein,"Hey, it's pretty good"
76561198102981131,Not Recommended,327070,26324980,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Joshua,"In its current state of 31st October 2016, I would say the game is unplayable. I run GTX 1080 OC to 2100 MHZ. i7K @ 4.5GHZ. 16GB Ram. 1TB SSD. Windows 10 on 64bit.Fibre internet conection.Game crashes for me way too much. I play ultra graphics @ 100+ FPS.Logging in may take about 3-5 attempts and still will sometimes fail.once im in the game its very very laggy.Cant get more than 30mins consant gaming without a crash.You can't say its my hardware or my internet conection.In its current state I would say the game is unplayable which is unfortunate.The idea of medievail MMORPG without magic is absoulutely brilliant, the game does look good even though its still in development.Maybe ill come back again in 2017 and see if the bugs have been fixed so I stop crashing."
76561198040947468,Not Recommended,327070,34576098,Posted: 29 August,all,Inmei,I wanted to play thins game for so long with high hopes I ignored most of hte negative comments and bought it but not I feel the bitter taste of regret and pitty for this game. although it has good potential to be a good medieval mmo but the core of the game witch revolves arround the battle does not satisfy at all. more over this games engine is cluncky and the battle animation screams to be inproved. thank you but no I want a refund.
,Recommended,327070,33200166,Posted: 3 July,all,viruscool,recomendo!
76561198392928315,Recommended,327070,32134912,Posted: 2 June,all,MasterThoseCrafts,What a man do after killing mass of beggars?! Craft planks for the rest of the day!
,Not Recommended,327070,34311550,Posted: 17 August,all,DangerousElusiveFate (Def),"High Heels, And Training Wheels, This Game Ain't For The Fain't Of Heart.......Buyer Beware:-Constant Looking Over Your Shoulder, For Plentiful Traitors.....-5 Years In Development, Don't Let That Store Page Fool You.....-Can't Get Anything Done On Your Own, So Prepare To Get On Your Knees And Look For A Guild To Please....-Constant Bugs That Are Crawling All Over In Game....-No Tacos.....-No Black People In Game.....-No Women In Game........Wait How Do We Repopulate Then????-Prepare To Play A Game: Of Cloak & Daggers, Make Multiple Characters For Each Nation To Betray With, & Loot Afk Allies, Or Even Allies Crafting, Or Having Thier Backs Turned......The Skys The Limit!!!! Take Pure Advantage Of Your Allies Trust.....-Prepare For Tedious Crafting, & Collecting Resources Only To Lose Them To A Traitor.....-Beware The Updates With The Glorious Bugs That Come With It!!!-Don't Believe Me???? Buy The Game For Yourself Now!!!!! & Learn From Your Treacherous Mistakes!!!!-All Available And More!!!!! Located Right Here In This Store Page!!!!!"
76561198068041953,Recommended,327070,32222016,Posted: 6 June,all,bryan_giele,awsome!!!!
,Recommended,327070,34426838,Posted: 22 August,all,Ip Man,Oh my God!!! I love this gameeee! is sooo good... It's all i was looking for in a game ... It has it all! You can do many things OMGGGG !!!!! Thanks for this wonderful game.
76561198052318971,Recommended,327070,30880055,Posted: 1 April,all,remixzwE,"It needs a lot of work to become a good game, it got probably released too early on steam (like nearly every other early access game as well ... ) but they Devs keep updating it. In fact i never had to download so many patches for a game before :PGive it 6-12 more months and it should be a very good medieval game"
76561198104030862,Recommended,327070,33750158,Posted: 23 July,all,BrianPablo,Amazing game
,Not Recommended,327070,33690353,Posted: 21 July,all,kephri,"One of the most empty games I ever boutght on Steam. A game that start with the promise of full craft :- only 5 swords to the best, ant that's the same for every weapon in the game- no possibility to raise or grow any crops, for it (you just pump it on some fields)- no ability to raise in recipes (it's just full flat)- no technology tree (it would be shameful to show around 100 recipes total).A game to avoid."
76561198080231222,Recommended,327070,24670654,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Krick,"This Game is still in early dev, and as such has some issues that crop up.  That being said it is an incredible game that is being updated at a very rapid rate.  Every few days it is growing and improving.  The dev's are listening to the players and balancing the game effectively.  They are also listening to suggestions and complaints.Warning.. This game is addictive !!  I have put way too many hours into it in the past month and would have done more !I enjoy this more than most ""full"" box games I own.I have not bothered to write a review before, but this one is earning it daily !See you on the battlefield - Krick"
76561198017612221,Recommended,327070,24264690,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Biff,Mount and Blade Online. Do try it
76561198009665944,Recommended,327070,23537163,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Wolf,"This game mainly focuses on PVP and crafting. So if you don't like dying, yes even by your allies, then back away now. It can be annoying to get attacked by your own team, but as long as you are near town the NPC's will actually attack the traitor. The crafting is really in depth and can be complex so again if you don't want in depth crafting then back away. The base building is bound to the farms and POI's there is no freeform building, that I could find. However it is nice to upgrade a POI as it will increase the number of NPC's there and even the look of the place. At the moment of this review there are only two factions available and only the male character to pick from. For those of you that have played Guild Wars Factions this kinda feels like that, in the sense of taking control of places for your faction. I really enjoy this game so far, but be aware there are bugs and the servers can get full or populated quickly THIS IS AN EARLY ACCESS after all."
,Not Recommended,327070,23804429,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,twitch.tv/desikat,"The concept is good and I like where it's heading, but it is an EXTREMELY clunky game, and I'm not sure if anyone has played mount and blade, but even with the same combat system it's even more clunky than that game.  Now I understand its early access, but I can't see them overhauling the game itself so I imagine it will stay that way with maybe better animations.  Currently It is not very fun and if you're looking for a basically the same game with less clunky everything, play Mount and Blade Warband with the Persistant world mod."
,Not Recommended,327070,29207859,Posted: 12 January,all,Soundcloud Rapper,"Spawned into some♥♥♥♥♥♥tutorial that taught me nothing. Asked for help from my peers ingame and was greeted by a hearty ""git gud"" Went outside and killed♥♥♥♥♥♥boringly until i reached level 8 where i was then spawn camped by 3 virgins in more gear than a polish house party.garbage"
76561198028717450,Recommended,327070,31067240,Posted: 10 April,all,Miyagi,"I don't have many hours, but the game has GREAT potential: probably the best medieval Sandbox Mmorpg right now on steam; even in its Alpha stage!PvP is nice, needs just some polishing. Pve same.But there are interactive quests, automated events. Kinda like Guildwars2 , on a smaller scale.Full loot makes everything better."
,Recommended,327070,33211238,Posted: 3 July,all,Volancee,Defiently would reccomend every minute of this game I have played was a blast. Although some servers need some more population will love this game with every update defs give it ago :) you wont regret it!
76561198121203176,Not Recommended,327070,34543668,Posted: 27 August,all,Splash Gordon,definitely needs some work.
76561198078896553,Recommended,327070,31366576,Posted: 25 April,all,loreaf,Really fun game definitely worth the price. Despite minor issues to do with server lag and bugs it is so much fun and it is still in alpha and hope to tihnk in time these will be fixed upRecommend playing :)
76561198411803409,Recommended,327070,34410634,Posted: 22 August,all,YummyBummy91,Good game!
,Recommended,327070,33249953,Posted: 4 July,all,SourJ,"Great game very unique, Dont listen to the negative reviews the game is in alpha they are still working on it. I highly recommend buying this game to support the development its really fun"
76561198020834764,Not Recommended,327070,33505720,Posted: 13 July,all,WhyteZeroOot,I feel like I remember buying this at 50 or 60 bucks.....pretty sure a partial refund is in order as it's garbage
76561198047954432,Recommended,327070,23496453,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,kryptachronicudilite,"The game is awesome, besides some tune ups needed it's a solid game.fun as ♥♥♥♥ to run up with a group and start pking ppl. Both pvp and pve are fun.Not sure what the negative reviews are for on an alpha EA game lol its's def worth the $20, keep it up devs."
76561198040839461,Recommended,327070,23668133,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,mcathey0,Only played for an hour so far but it honestly does seem fun. The FPS is kinda laggy and the combat is pretty simple. within the first hour I've only gotten to level 5 cause I just run around and shoot everyone with a bow. I did find a level 26 scythe dude and ran for my life. So yeah was pretty fun. and as soon as I get done with what I got to do for the day I'm gonna log on some more game time. Keep up the good work I hope you guys get this running smooth cause if so I'll totally support and promote this game.
,Recommended,327070,23591644,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,AdheIND,good graphic for the pricebad for SERVER MAINTANCE ISSUE overtime (FIX IT)
,Recommended,327070,23600513,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Horus,"This EA MMORPG is REALLY promising, devs seems to communicate well and make this game with love and care it deserves"
76561198009000470,Recommended,327070,23578045,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,kelva714,"Good potential, needs bug spray."
,Not Recommended,327070,23848378,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Gods Older Brother,"good at frist but once u go past the safe zones its a bunch of high lvls camping the area, combat is glitch and npc cant be hit most times so u just plain out die. the crafting isnt bad but a little strange, but no i wouldnt recommend this game to anyone just plain uneven"
,Recommended,327070,23731304,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,HarleyQuinnzel,"So, it is an open world MMO, it's Grim ( reminds me alot of Dark/Demon Souls ), it is medieval, it got bows,axes,hammers,swords,shields,spears and all... You MUST keep ur shield up in fights or you WILL get destroyed ( Dark Souls if you know what i talk about ).It got crafting, castle sieges, castle upgrades, bosses, equipment tiers (from +1 to +6) and on top of all that it got dragons ( nah i am just joking, no dragons sadly ) but seriously it got open world pvp.It is one of those games where you spawn for the first time and u decide what you wanna do next, explore, gather materials, kill monsters, join random people in warbands for sieges/exp. level in this game does matter on a certain scale ( 100 being max lvl ) but what matters most is the gear. So if you join a guild and a guild mates decides to give you some high end gear you can kill mobs way higher than your lvl.To describe you this game more in depth i tell you this:"" If ubisoft would have owned this game, in its current stage, than this game would have been fully released - as it is - for 60 $ price tag."" That is how polished this Alpha game is.9/10 would recommend this - soon to be - a masterpiece."
,Recommended,327070,23650629,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Cookiethief :D,"Game honestly suprised me on how fun it could be.Yep the game is rough being early access but nothing bad. Melee combat feels abit sluggy could use more workIf you enjoy complex crafting its got that tooHavent explored all the map yet but it is beautiful.Community is friendly.Game runs well on max settings on my Computer, but i got a GTX980 and a i7 4790k so i guess i can't talk.Lag is a issue.Only buy if you dont care about spending the $20. But would recommend keeping a eye out for this one when development gets better.Some positive number/10 would kill a Viking while singing ave maria again"
76561198009055677,Recommended,327070,23551871,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Sturmtruppe,"Solid game with an in depth crafting system and open world full of PvP and exploration. The game is pretty solid for an alpha game and has a lot of potential. For the price, I would recommend picking it up."
76561197965419981,Recommended,327070,23649583,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Van Ham,For an Alpha its been pretty fun. Got its issues that alphas have. Ive had worse dsync playing ARK and its been out longer. The Crafting tree is pretty epic. It is MMO grindy I guess but that should be expected. If these guy keep at it this game should be worth it.
,Recommended,327070,23523227,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,SpaceMonkey,"This game shows much promise, as such it is imporant to remember it is in early access, it's not complete by any means.That being said, it's a fun game, confusing at first but I can see it's going to be really deep.  This is one to keep an eye on.  I do not regret my purchase even with the bugs."
,Recommended,327070,23500486,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,TheCorgiYeezus,"I gotta say this game is amazing for being so early. If you like fantasy and medieval and pvp then this is your game. You can upgrade sites you take and upgrade your own armor. You can meet friends and take cities, its amazing."
76561198052726770,Recommended,327070,23505957,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,-=RSM=-Mordare,I'm enjoying it so far and the Devs are patching at a good pace to fix the normal EA Hickups.This game can only get better.
,Recommended,327070,23505124,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Clutch,"I enjoyed this game for the short time played. It is well made but it really needs to be cleaned up. I know it's still in Early Access so I can't judge it to much. If the developers do not abandon this amazing idea, it could be one of the best RPGs out there. If the developers are reading this, please do not bail out on this game."
76561198228277032,Recommended,327070,23657415,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Ambush_TV,I honestly have been waiting for a game like this to be supported and developed. The community who are playing and suporting this game are very mature. your not going to find alot of 16 year olds who are playing this game. This game has been in develolpent for 2 years and the Devs have really came along way. If you want Medevil realism I highly recommend Supporting the Development of this game. There is no Magery in this game or magic weapons. No gnomes. No Elfs. The crafting system is very complex and If you happen to Venture out in the open to Hunt you can get murdered by another player and he can loot your weapons and gear. So bank often.
,Recommended,327070,23695705,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,your mom,"The PvP is fantastic, the crafting is impressive, and the graphics are beautiful. PvE needs work. Would reccomend if you're a fan of survival games."
,Recommended,327070,24304742,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,rsidoprzodu,"+ Decent graphics+ Community is ok+ Positive impression at the beggining+ Conquering towns/farms+ Game is not that easy so there won't be many kids+ Open world+ Fast responses and active admins- Crafting needs to be improved (improved only a bit)- Game is getting boring after a while- Bad optimalization (still nothing done here )  [using AMD CPU and GPU]- NPC's animations/dialogues (improved)- Buggy 100/1 (still buggy)- PvP is a funny option but it is missing something [skill is not that important]The game has still the potential to be the best mmorpg, they just need to refine it."
,Recommended,327070,29668973,Posted: 3 February,all,Donnie_Plays,"I'm going to give this game a thumbs up.I've been waiting for an open world, PVP medieval game to come along that has the right balance of crafting, AI interactions and missions and PVP that can work. This game still has a way to go, but all the elements are in place and the game is good enough to play in it's current form."
,Not Recommended,327070,28780634,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Blazsword,"Horrible game, do not waste your money on this."
76561197972047065,Not Recommended,327070,29866585,Posted: 11 February,all,`HostieChow Mmm,"Crafting is overly cumbersome. There are redundant and worthless steps that don’t add any depth, only frustration to the crafting system.Inventory is broken. Universal banking (small map and limited slots) combined with extremely limited storage space makes for a terrible mess of objects and junk. Your character can have more inventory slots than your bank.Limited fantasy game that demands you carry nearly all your belongings with you in your backpack… Fine, so I can’t use magic, but I can carry five thousand oak logs with me everywhere I go… great.Universal banking with ultra-limited space is worthless. The map is tiny, transporting goods would add to the value of conquering territory. If your faction loses control of a town where you have junk stored, you may be more inclined to join up and regain control of said town.Localized banking would add to the value of towns and territory. It would make sense to keep the majority of your smithing supplies in the mining town, and your farming supplies in the farm town. But that’s not the way it is. You have a universal bank that doesn’t have enough room for your smithing or farming supplies.There is lag.Hit detection is crap.Collision detection is crap.Looting is crap. When enemies loot your items they stay in your quickbar, and I experienced a shield animation that wouldn’t go away. After I relogged the shield animation was fixed, but when I misspressed the quickbar number for my bow (my bow was also looted) it appeared from nowhere. Even though my item was looted, I got it back from an empty quickbar location. THEREFORE, items may be duped in this game.The default field of view is crap. Enemies and players appear from thin air (20ft range).What year is it? 2017? Ya… I’m happy to report harvesting resources in MMOs hasn’t changed since Ultima Online. Click and wait…. Click and wait… Static resource locations and timed respawns – BORING!NPCs are worthless. They do nothing and add nothing to the game.Buildings are worthless, you can’t interact with anything. Might as well be an empty field of grass within city walls, at least then we wouldn’t have to run around pointless buildings to get from one gate to the next. Why even have houses inside city walls if I can’t do anything with it or have one to put my things in?No player building, no terrain modification, no destructible environments at all… Completely static environment.Combat is no better than Mount and Blade… what year was that game released?Overall, if you change the inventory/banking system I will amend my review. I’m sure that in time, all these other shortfalls will be addressed. But I can’t stand lugging around so much♥♥♥♥♥♥in my backpack!"
,Recommended,327070,26330790,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Mr. J,"I've barely played this game, but with the way it's going, I see this game getting very big!"
,Recommended,327070,29780249,Posted: 8 February,all,iMikee826,"I had previously left a negative review and got the game refunded, but after hearing good things about updates to the lag I decided to give it another chance. I have been so impressed that a sense of guilt forces me to re-write my review.Let me first say that this is by no means a finished game, however the development is made clear by the devs who engage with the community so that the direction of the game is clear to all, once the more basic updates are completed there are going to be two new nations and a much bigger map.PRO'SInteresting combat system that is based on skill rather than levels, making pvp fairer and about more than how much time you pour into levelling.in-depth crafting system that is more rewarding than most MMO's as the best equipment is created rather than bought or looted.Welcoming community that is actually helpful and normal people which is refreshing having played games full of absoloute cancer - like Rust.Active dev's providing regular updates with substance, not just slight tweaks. ( upcoming updates include major combat animation overhaul, 2 new nations and mounts)CON'SCurrently low-ish population servers.Hit boxes can be hit and miss.Ping occasionally 'wobbly' during large PVP battles."
76561198052525026,Recommended,327070,25496366,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Nochalo,"I'ts early alpha and it shows, but.. Game is wonderful. Very climatic and unique. The base is really solid and thats important, because when the core of the game is great, it is much easier to improve the rest.I would throw money on this title, but I don't want to get overhyped. If GV will be updated regularly, then maybe I will. For now - defnitely worth 15 pounds."
76561198098395963,Not Recommended,327070,23861962,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,$iN.LittleOldLady,"Edit- Had to thumbs down now, the animations simply arn't working.  People just slide around with their arms ""still"" not moving.  but they're actually hitting you.  It throws off the basic principle of the game which is combat.  Also other bugs that should be fixed arn't being fixed so I'm uninstalling and waiting for updates.  Broken game as of right now.  :(   has potential though, hope things turn around.Really enjoying this game.  Can't stop playing it the last 5 days or so.  Plays alot like Mortal Online but better in alot of ways.  Excited to see how the devs progress the game and improve things.Pros- Awesome limitless party system.  perfect for large friend groups.- Not a big stretch from lowest tier gear to highest.  Low level people are able to be useful even in big pvp raids.- Persistent world, things are always changing and territories are being taken/defended constantly.- Deepest Crafting I've ever seen period lol- A good amount to simply explore- Looting system is a great mix between hardcore and casual play.  (players can only loot 1-2 items at a time)- Graphics can be set way down so older machines can get decent fps.  (better than rust for me psersonally)- Music is outstanding, sfx are decent but could use some work.- Great atmosphere for medeival setting.Cons- Kinda laggy with server stability.- Performance could be a bit better for dated machines.  ( i drop fps in big pvp fights)- Inventory managment is clunky because of the lag."
76561198100723033,Recommended,327070,24392271,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,HeiHei,for the people who like medieval genre this would be really good for you the feels of the game is realistic and i love how the game progress.. if you love pvp this is the one for you
,Not Recommended,327070,23706277,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,ParoDee,"-Poorly Optimized-Unintelligent NPC-Doesn't sem like much to do-No questsGood game though I highly recommend it and its really fun with friends, I only made this negative so you're more likely to read it-EDIT: ok i changed this to positive because i dont want to negatively affect the game in anyway-EDIT EDIT: the game is exactly the same still do not buy-EDIT EDIT EDIT: It's lookin up still be wary buying this game"
76561198059754717,Recommended,327070,23722566,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,BATFINK,"this game might be in alpha and still needs alot to be completed but the fact of the matter is i friggin love this game! best fight mechanics in alpha yet and its pretty, in a sort of dingy medieval kinda way. cant wait for the finished product!REVIEW UPDATE:AFTER LOGGING OVER 75 HRS ON THIS GAME I HAVE CONCLUDED THIS GAME, EVEN IN ALPHA, IS THE GREATEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IF YOU DON'T BUY THIS GAME YOU ARE A FOOL! GLORIA VICTUS UBERALLES!!!!"
76561198011443830,Recommended,327070,25152186,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,RunicTie,"Early Access game with amazing potential. The devs truly care about this title IMO, it is very detailed and the crafting is super in-depth. There is a 24/7 territorial war in which each territory has actually significance (mine/farm/castle/town) the combat is well done, with a few hitbox issues. Of course it has petty early access bugs (They all do) but this one seems to shine much brighter than others, give it a chance and im sure you'll have a lot of fun, its like a combination of World of warcraft and Runescape"
76561198058252315,Recommended,327070,27760372,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mitsuha,Good game
76561197995364140,Recommended,327070,28924003,Posted: 1 January,all,Bare Grills,"This early access MMO is great. It isn't like traditional MMOs where every player is a damage sponge, players can typically kill each other in 5-8 solids hits if they have the same gear and stats. The disparity between new players and veterans is massive, but it doesn't take very long to catch up. The crafting system is very ""large"" and elaborate to say the least, but it is very rewarding if you give it time. That being said this game certainly isn't for everyone, but I do realy enjoy playing it."
76561197998626553,Recommended,327070,29124974,Posted: 8 January,all,Karborus,Very entertaining and I believe it has a bright future. I think it is worth the money.
76561198007301858,Recommended,327070,28542082,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,StFerg [MG],"I would very much recommend this game to anyone that enjoys crafting, open worlds, and pvp.  The game is in Alpha at the moment, but very playable.  The community is kind, sometimes boastful, but always helpful.  It is very enjoyable solo, but is at its best in groups.  This game has so much potential, so much growth coming in the future, it is one of my favorite games."
76561198068423383,Recommended,327070,24486706,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Verticerion,Masterpiece in alpha state..You like Medival games?You like MMO?You like to craft in games?This game is for You.Despite alpa state and some bugs realy fun to play.Very good crafting system.Developers are community friendly.Patches and hotfixes very often.
76561197964265719,Recommended,327070,23499218,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,SoLaX[.],This game looks promising yes. but how can you play if you cant connect to any server? when you select a server to join at the start of the game cross your fingers couse you may wait for 30 mins..
76561198171050089,Recommended,327070,26626272,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,SlayersPK,Its a grind at 1st.
76561198065109732,Recommended,327070,24438735,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,[AbN] Hydro,"Great game but takes a few hours to get how the game plays out. Almost gave up my 2nd hour of playing because i really didnt know what to do in the game. The crafting system at first looks complicated but is really not, and thats where the game is really really rich, is in the crafting. I give the pvp 7/10, their are quests in the  game but they are really hard, just talk to npcs, more like questing on morrowind with out your notebook lol their hard. Map is way bigger than it looks, always find myself exploring around it, game looks amazing really pretty and indepth. It is an alpha so do expect an alpha and everything that an alpha applys to play out like one that is my con of the game.Gameplay 7/10PvP           7/10"
76561198055456962,Recommended,327070,25227874,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,benmorrisseau,"This game is a refreshing mmorpg. Used to play wow years ago and this is what I always wanted, wow but no magic just mediaval glory. The crafting is complex and entertaining. The pvp is really sweet too. You can build onto castles and settlements it is dope. Highly recommend, lots of value for your money here."
,Recommended,327070,28200887,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Nr.9 Ghostpig,"Im not one to judge but this game has a♥♥♥♥♥♥grapihcs engoine first off, thats really the only thing bad about it however, the game feels and makes you immersed into the medeival ages, if you have a potato computer dont buy this game. its very poorly optimized but again little problem, mount and blade looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥but its the best game ever xD. But if you're looking for a new and fresh kind of medeival genre then this game is for you, there are two kingdoms the midlanders and the asslimers or something, dont expect any kind of tutorial leading me to be a bit lost in the start. It has a great leveling system and crafting system that gives you better armour is fulfilling and realistic. Now if you dont like open world crafting games dont buy it. If you do end up buying this title for thankfully the cheap price it is, dont expect much guidance they throw you right into this game. Good day to all you cheeky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Thanks for reading this. </3"
,Recommended,327070,24274671,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Caybob,"Good game, would suggest to anybody, but after the beta. At this point a character wipe is nearly certain."
,Recommended,327070,24140400,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Capten,"This game is an open world MMO heavily based on farming, PVP, castle sieges, and tournaments. It is a good game for people who have friends that like MMOs and like making big war parties. THIS IS NOT A LONEWOLF GAME.+Good leveling system, very complex+Fun gameplay when in parties+farming based (you must grind to be the best)+Fun tournaments where you fight the opposing faction for loads of EXP+Freedom to play as you please+no defined roles (tank,dps,etc)+Loads of gear to choose from+challenging Giant fights (up to 900+ damage per hit)+balanced stats ( skilled and geared low levels can compete with high level skilled and geard people)+Good party and guild system+somewhat balanced farming (still implementing balancing issues)+ability to come up with complex tactics and formations to win battles!+a skyrim third person feel (also first person but is a bit lacking)+Good graphics for the Engine it's on+A variety of weapons+passive abilities that keep the realism aspect but also are well defined in helping you achieve your build+ability to upgrade captured Keeps and Castles+small castle defense mechanisms (dropping logs, burning oil, etc.)+bushes to ambush the enemy!+good targeting for arrow drop rate (you can hit people from pretty far away and aiming above them at a 45+ degree angle.+Unique passives for specified weapons (maces do bludgening dmg while axes do slashing, spears do penetration and bleed)+armors have passive stats that give you slashing, stabbing, and bludgening resistance+economy in the sense that people sale items for in game currency+Devs that listen and play their game!+Arena area to have fights with both your team mates and your enemies+ability to revive downed firendlys+traitor system (if a midlander hits a midlander that person becomes a traitor and can be killed by midlanders or town guards)+reputation system ( you gain loot, experince, crafting, etc, bonuses the more reputation you have. You get reputation by capturing keeps, winning tourneys, and killing enemies)+the looting system is Noob friendly. It is impossible for someone to take even half the items in your inventory assuming you have a bag full. It is a point system and time system. You have 30 seconds to loot every second you lose a loot point starting from 30 loot points. Every item depending on the type of item (chest peice, helmet, weapon, materials, etc.) will have a point value. Once your timer hits 0 or your points run out you can no longer loot.now for the negatives-server lag is common but is bearable-extreme freezing for a second or two when loading towns, keeps, and castles-exploits, rare, but there-tade system is currently bugged but still possible if done right-some items cannot be crafted-some items are not in game-some bosses seem to not drop items (they could just be that rare)-you will hate this game if you play alone-server restarts once or twice a day to help with lag-No Asian servers as of now-botters that auto farm stuff-occasional door bugs where doors will not open or close after a keep/castle is taken-some items will not craft yet still take the materials-larger guilds tend to control servers-must exit game and re-open to get into a new server-some people have taken advantage of exploits and are richer than you will ever be (wipe will fix this whenever it happens)-occasional unknown bugs-annoying weather effects (opinion)Conclusion:This game is excellent for those who don't mind a bit of lag and understand that it is a Multiplayer ALPHA MMO. It is a very fun game when you have people in a Teamspeak call and actually have plans."
76561198013278846,Recommended,327070,29599023,Posted: 30 January,all,Zerbe,"I have really enjoyed this game, and I am looking forward to what is ahead. In its current alpha state the combat does need some work but it is still fun to capture camps and towns. Mainly I thoughly enjoy the complexity of the crafting in this game. The devs in my opinion are great and listen to the community to better their game."
,Recommended,327070,29666758,Posted: 3 February,all,Inunabe,"Really fun, great community, well except for one guy :D"
76561197986655205,Recommended,327070,29287169,Posted: 15 January,all,Fat Elvis,"Great game: very in-depth crafting system, fun PVP and a terrific community.  Developers are updating regularly and responsive to issues, I'm really looking forward to the future expansion of the game and I recommencd it without reservation.  There had been a period of terrible lag but that has improved with recent patches."
76561198364624080,Recommended,327070,29672320,Posted: 3 February,all,BankaWstanka,first impressions are quite nice! will reedit it after some more time
76561198150435249,Recommended,327070,29667756,Posted: 3 February,all,Krosak,Gloria Victis has a great concept.But many things hasnt completed yet. I have great hopes about this game.just buy it.you wont be regret.pros- enormous crafting system- many armour and weapon options- easy and understandble quests- building castles and towns- Race system.(there is 2 different race for now)- sieges- it  is a great for who love Medieval Age MMORPGcons-this game needs mounts(I wanna ride a white horse !)-PVE system doesnt work properly-there is only one world map-there are some bugs but it is not a big deal.it can be fixed
76561198134130409,Recommended,327070,29212085,Posted: 12 January,all,_dqmn.,yes
,Recommended,327070,23691778,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Nintil,"is it easy to tell this game is early access?yes, yes it is.does it still provide the FFA MMO PVP experience you have been looking for?Yes, it does that and more.I have been tricked into a few EA games i hated, but this is already more fun than MMO's that have been released by big publishers."
,Recommended,327070,23719856,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,oooooooox,The medieval style is good Mainly play the game without China's server delay is too high
76561198045753481,Recommended,327070,23716956,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Horsee,bop
76561198008372521,Recommended,327070,23651358,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Wadrok,"It has many bugs with server restarts being needed often. Many of the crafting recipes in the game are bugged and require much rethinking by the devs. Servers have a lot of lag issues and desyncing which seems to give high ping players a bit of an advantage.However, this game has a lot of potential I would recommend waiting for a little longer to buy it but it is definitely a fun game. If you do end up buying it I recommend finding a server that gives you the best ping. If that server gets taken over by enemy team I recommend you take a look at its sister server there are usually 2 servers for each region that server may looks better for your faction. Also this game has a bit of PVE but the true fun in this game is the PVP which is amplified by joining a guild and fighting as a team.If you want a fully developed game with no bugs with no work in progress or if you are just looking for a PVE game this is not for you and I would recommend that you do not buy the game or you will be disappointed."
,Recommended,327070,24094020,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Jbeatzzz,Game is fun. Definately early access as it states. Cool raids that go down and lots of fighting.
,Recommended,327070,25372796,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Col,"Great game, But If I had to give any advice to newer players GET A GUILD! I cannot express how much it helps. I cannot wait to see what gets added to the game. I am having a lot of fun so far with the guild I joined.Some suggestions to the devs-Make crafting and gathering faster as you level in the specific field-More Events-Better Inventory System-Mounts-Guild Storage-Polish the animations/hitboxes (especially wolfs.. Them damn wolfs)-Even more worldbosses, this game already has quite a lot but I think more would be fun + variety eg. different monsters-More loot time for people with better reputation"
76561198050333963,Recommended,327070,24096028,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Dan Backslide,"I see a lot of potential, I've seen many games like this but they all died, this one seems to be kept alive.Something I noticed was1. When your inv. is full it doesn't warn you, so the things you crafted or looted disappears. (I'll admit I screamed a bit on the inside)2. I don't know if it's only because my computer is♥♥♥♥♥♥ but enemy NPCs have a really long meele range.So far it's a 6.5-7/10"
76561198069674014,Recommended,327070,24053044,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Bandooz,I bought this game to support the developers. Promising potential indeed.
76561197966017941,Recommended,327070,24196453,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,BRAWNDO!,"so far it is fun. great idea and i really hope it fleshes out. still a rough product- they tell you it's early access, but lots to do and people to kill. expect glitchiness. and holy crap do you have to craft so if it's not your thing....."
76561198057587815,Recommended,327070,25372731,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,GetJaded,"This game has a lot of potential. I can see it becoming very popular with a few added things. The only issue i've personally had a problem with is finding something to do. Finding a goal in the game is difficult, the need to craft armor doesnt feel very rewarding."
76561198135881627,Recommended,327070,24656155,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,VOTE TRUMP (DDM4 V11),"First off, let me say that I have enjoyed this game and it is well worth the $20.   It's a lot of fun and has a TON of potential.   It is obviously in alpha right now, so I will leave some feedback.The time invested in crafting weapons isn't worth how much better they are than the trash you can buy from the vendors.   Some resources are painfully hard to farm (limonite, coal) and some just require too much (you have to chop down like 30 trees to fuel the components of one metal weapon).It's hard to tell enemies from friends from a short distance.  This may be intential like ""real life.""Human mobs are by far the easiest to fight because their animations line up with their attacks.   Animals are really hard, and some mobs are way too strong for their level (oddities or w/e the ghoulish looking things are in the mines).The PVP is imbalanced towards guys who buy cheap heavy armor and cheap weapons/shields from vendors vs guys like me who farm tirelessly to craft better light armor and bows and I get curbstomped.  I'm going to go buy armor and shields and see if it is my level or skill.Some bugs to be worked out, but all in alll a very fun game!"
76561197969403002,Recommended,327070,24584994,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Kramm,"Fun, crafting is crazy deep, non target combat is great, a lil buggy but its pre-alpha, well worth the 20 bucks."
,Recommended,327070,24606323,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,fede dorit,"Note: I will keep adding good crititcs into this review, enjoy.This game is wonderfull, you will need a friend or two to get started with your adventure, since it sometime can be boring to play alone.I bought this game straight 20 EUR, and I didn't regret it.I hope their will be some bugfixes. and lagfixes soon, when they release.- Good job to the developers, you deserve that.--------------------------------------------------------------(5 Hours):Combat system is a bit laggy sometimes.The Map/Minimap Cursor is also alot laggy.Inventory also have some delay.When walking/running in bigger groups 5+ some characters might start to lag a bit.--------------------------------------------------------------"
,Recommended,327070,24086208,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Ethan Tokes Kronic,"Highly recommend this game, Of course it is alpha and buggy in many ways but honestly I have already poured quite a few hours in, It reminds me of a pvp centered mmo like darkfall, MIXED, with old school mmos like ultima. The combat is like a simplified mount and blade but has been mentioned to more heavily resemble the intricate combat of mount and blade in the future. The map is like 1% of the end goal size. Horses are planned, boats are planned. The game needs polish and bug fixing but already provides tons of fun. Fans of old school mmos will love this one. WARNING: Not for the feint of heart, you will get rekt. A lot."
,Recommended,327070,24289356,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,koloski,"Finally got into today.  I had a friend pick this up yesterday and he said he loves it.  Well, after logging into today.  I've played about 4 hours and while the engine is still chugging especially during large PVP fights.  The game itself is pretty fun.   I've changed my review to a thumbs up and I'm interested in seeing this develop.Been putting a ton of hours into this game.  I'm loving it now."
76561198080803174,Recommended,327070,24087717,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Admires Turtles,good solid mmoprg running around with a few mates slaying beasties till then you hear the horns of  one of your beloved villages being attacked and you take the call to arms and go out to defend your landsgood game bugs may scare people off but devs are working around the clock to fix them one out of ea game and polished this game will crap on wow
76561198011054987,Recommended,327070,28176131,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,sfmain,THEY KEEP UGRADING BEFORE THEY FIX SIMPLE LAG AND SERVER ISSUES GAME GETS UNPLAYABLE NOW AND THEN WHEN THE SERVERS GET FULL AND EVEN WHEN THERE NOT BECAUSE OF LAG.OTHER THAN THAT ITS A GREAT GAME.
76561197988572101,Recommended,327070,26513005,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,WARK!,Got in with ease ran well killed many a fox if nothing else i don't mind supporting the shear potential of the game.
,Recommended,327070,26572401,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,sG | Dakka,"Decent, but as with all new games with low funding: high population causes massive lag.Laggy to the point where you can loose an arrow and the enemy will react somewhere within 7 seconds (5-7 being extreme cases).I do recommend it, however."
76561198056611495,Recommended,327070,28181019,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Dreamer,"Very good gameThe concepts are promising and the primary issue for me at the moment is action delayI also recomment that they make grindstones a diffrent fuction so as to increase sharpness and the weapon then has a sharp durability, the sharper the more damage etc"
76561198161217490,Recommended,327070,29625822,Posted: 1 February,all,Mr Satan,its good
76561198003278265,Recommended,327070,25098079,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Dwight schrute 1942,"well done...for an early title as this!if you like crafting,gathering alot, this is the game for you.will follow the progress of this game and update the review at a later date.from what ive seen, its a rough diamond! but well worth the price. got it 25% off."
,Not Recommended,327070,30973653,Posted: 5 April,all,Dutch,"I purchased this game to give it a shot and I can't even play it -I get to a server selection screen -> select server (then) ""LOADING 0%""I researched the issue - Found a OLD post on the forums about it. Numerous ammount of people reported the same issue - Some said after 15 times relaunching the game it finnally worked, some reported it still doesn't work.The developers asked to send in a "" ERROR REPORT"" - With no solution offered or other responses..So what does one do at this point? Try 15+ times to see if it will finnally work? Why haven't they fixed this issue or addressed it?I haven't left a negative review ever - but this is kinda upsetting.."
76561198043662701,Not Recommended,327070,23614822,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Antares,"In it's current state I couldn't justify purchasing this game. It's buggy and suffers from constant performance issues. In the time I played the servers were being restarted on a regular basis to help address perfomance issues or apply some hotfix.Hostile Mobs at times would simply stand there while you cut them down in droves. Or they'd get distracted and run off to chase some boar or fox whilst you're ganking their friend in front of them.The combat is a bit of a hit and miss, there are some elements which I find are quite nice (probably just the death animation) overall it's clunky as hell with attacks requiring that you essentially stand with your face pressed against your enemy in order for the game to detect a hit, even with polearms. Also, if you're a low leveled character or just starting you're pretty much always going to be torn to shreds in any PVP encounter, this takes away from the idea of combat being skill based. Typically the player who's spent the most time farming and crafting will win. If you were hoping for something skill based where combat is concerned, this isn't it. I'd recommend keeping an eye out on Mordhau or even Bannerlord in that case.NPC dialogue is awful, imagine a high pitched nasal voiced merchant going on about how he thinks it will rain. Or how you and he should go hunting because he hasn't had venison in awhile, over and over. Which brings me to another thing... Merchants walk away while you're trying to buy/sell which causes the interface to close. If you want to sell items to them, you need to talk to them and hope they aren't going to walk away, shift their shop interface off to the side, then press I to bring up your own inventory in order to sell.Graphics look like they're from 2009 which in itself wouldn't bug me too much, but coupled with performance issues, glitches and clunkiness I feel that's a nail in the coffin.The concept itself is something I find appealing, execution however :/"
,Recommended,327070,23481282,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Spicypoohurtz,"I don't have a girlfriend, but now I don't even need one."
,Recommended,327070,24049177,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Capt'n Henke,"So. The game is pretty much stable now, im playing on normal graphics with stable 60 FPS, didnt rlly want to try higher. The game looks cool even on normal graphics so its fine like that. Gameplay is pretty smooth, and the AI is ok (Dont really understand these guys complaining about AI, it is same as in every other mmorpg, what do they expect??). The whole game looks like this: There are two factions right now (two more coming) - Midlanders and Ismirs. Midlanders are something more like europeans, conquering the most of the territory (most of time, ofc). Ismirs are basicly Vikings, conquering small territory (again, most of times). After choosing faction, you can create your char as you wish. Then you can start adding skillpoints. There is a short tutorial consisting of small text window saying you how the stuff works. Pretty much helpful. I understood the game in first 10 mins (the basics of inventory and crafting, combat and so on..). You pretty much lvl by killing NPCs such as bandits, animals and even low fantasy monsters, such as skeletons and so.. The combat is fun and sometimes challenging, the devs are cool and game updates frequently.  Most of negative reviews are consisting of the problem with logging on (what really isnt, i logged on just fine) and optimization (wich is pretty ok too). If you like medieval survival games with combat like M&B, i would totally recommend this!"
76561198021588421,Recommended,327070,32278729,Posted: 8 June,all,Scorched,Great game
,Not Recommended,327070,23792894,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/DizzyTheGamerYT,My Computer more than meets the recommended settings yet this game stops responding or crashed as soon as  i spawn into the game before I can take a step...Can't recommend this game   Refunded.
,Not Recommended,327070,34690151,Posted: 2 September,all,Wess,Dead.
,Not Recommended,327070,23846529,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,☭ Autismo the Great ☭,"I love the Premis Of this game but i am going to be brutaly honest because i want to see this game flourish. I love the all the gear and the art styles but, The bugs really make the game unplayable. Every time i try to craft all my items disappear and the fighting hitboxes are off. The movement of your character is PAINSTAKINGLY SLOW. LIKE REALLY IT SUCKS. The progression system is strange and your kind of left not knowing what to do. The textures are off and half the people in MIDLAND ARMS ARE INVISIBLE! Overall I see that they are focusing on pretty looks and decent gameplay. But textures and mechanics are so lazily done its sad. I AM NOT REFUNDING THE GAME BECAUSE I HAVE HOPE THE DEVS WILL LOOK OVER MOVEMENT CRAFTING AND HITBOX BUGS. plz i realy want to play this game and enjoy it."
,Not Recommended,327070,23889394,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Dopeh Orange|YouTube,"Very wonky unfinished bow combat, disappearing textures, first person view is very weird in my opinion, you can't see your shield/weapon in first person unless you look down, enemy AI phased through a fallen tree I was standing on. I'll come back to the game when it's more clean."
,Recommended,327070,30662706,Posted: 21 March,all,pixeltender,"A Game thats thinking finaly,,, love the Mount n Blade like mechanics, in an mmo, great leveling system, rewards, daily acomplishments with xp boosts and loot, awsome gear,,, very good, very fun; thank you devs, keep the updates coming!"
,Not Recommended,327070,24268832,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,SlimNigy,needs to be updated the combat is very much just click click click and no like felling to it even fighting A fox was just like hit hit hit dead. not for me hopefully it can be updated and fixed there is l;ots of potental
76561198051870379,Not Recommended,327070,23982737,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Tex_the_Veteran,"The official video of steam seems amazing.For real the game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥.It is like Life is Feudal with some bots.I played yesterday and two men killed me from behind with 1 hit, I had heavy armour on, they stole my sword, shield,craft stuff, other armour i had.They can stole all!!! If you die you must wait 30 seconds to respawn! Itis a really hard game.Only for people who like these kind of games.Don't buy this now wait the other patchs.Valutation:3/10"
76561198041092375,Recommended,327070,30950621,Posted: 4 April,all,jfoytek,"Simply a Great MMO experience!PvP is non stop if you want that you can always find that....PvE is plentiful aswell, and I feel its rewarding as you never know what NPC is going to drop a recipe you dont have!Crafting is very extensive, one of the best crafting systems in a game I have seen!An amazing Semi Full Loot system so you can really enjoy pvp but yet not rob everyone blind.  You get 15 seconds to make your loot choices and only so many loot points depending on how much damage you did....  Every item has a value and that coorelates to loot points....  So if you were in a one on one fight and you were victorious you will get a full 15 points to loot with....His chest piece could be worth 10 points on its own.... his weapon 5so if you loot his chest piece and his weapon thats it aslong as you figured out what you wanted and managed to loot it before you ran out of time!!!Then there is the combat, honestly its one of my favorite parts of the game....  swing low and center and you do a thrust....  swing high and right and you do a big powerful chop....  right click to block,  block is a full block but you take stamina damage from the impact....  Honestly I love combat in this game!!!I keep reading how people want this combat overhaul with new animations?!?  Like its the most important this the game needs to be great?!?  And I just don't get it there is nothing wrong with the combat now!  The only claim I get is the desync claims and if your on a server you shouldn't be like an american playing on the southeast asia server with 180 ping and you have desync that should be expected to be honest!!!  I myself see little to NO desync at all when I am on my home server with a 30 ping.....Of course this game isn't without problems, like any game in alpha!- Open windows and Doors and terrain objects will block your arrows, as an archer.- Archery is completely out of balance as is all Dex builds- Some of the higher end gear is a bit easy to get which does feel like it devalues crafting- Fire since its implementation has been used to grief- The ability to server hop, share your bank across servers and Factions, and the ability to have toons in both factions causes alot of issues as far as I am concerned with the exploitation of alt's.But all of the above is minor compared to the endless amounts of fun to be had in the game!  And the game is far and away better then its current mixed review status...  That in and of itself is a travesty!"
76561198248210732,Recommended,327070,30346422,Posted: 5 March,all,foivospan,"Greatest MMORPG I have played so far, and is still Alpha!!Must try it!"
76561198134111441,Recommended,327070,33067282,Posted: 30 June,all,TheElderKing,"If you cheat at this game your patheticIf you hate the crafting system then just go traitorPeople forget that this is a good game when played right using hacks exploits and other means to have an advantage over other players just shows them how shallow you really are the fact that they can get to level 100 and have pretty decent gear while your still leveling with high grade gear just shows how much money you wasted the people who play it right will enjoy it the most because they work for it,Hacking is just another form of you being to lazy to do work wich is probably why you gained a few pounds this month--------jk."
76561198062496887,Recommended,327070,31658414,Posted: 9 May,all,N Dee N,Gloria Victis is a pvp Game for Pvpers I love it.
,Recommended,327070,30740346,Posted: 25 March,all,Quoth the Raven,"Oh hell yes... I think.As a veteran of pretty much every mmorpg out there, I have been dying for some good free-aim (non-locking) targeting in my combat system. Always wanted to be able to stand on a wall and fire arrows blindly, able to hit my own team if I did not carefully draw. This game gives me just that!In terms of the community I was suprised at how friendly everyone was. In terms of the combat system I am impressed.I would only say that it has some ways to go in terms of jumping graphics and server issues. But DAMN! If it isn't a breath of fresh air to get a game like this (for under 20 USD no less) that kept me from logging out 20 minutes in. I highly recommend you give this game a go, if only to be a part of its progress to completion. Great Medieval game!"
76561198027226165,Recommended,327070,25513325,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,L-RON,very fun
,Recommended,327070,23516764,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,asian boi,11/10 would buy again
76561198039305666,Recommended,327070,24021730,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,[BP] Greenbeard,Best game ever
76561198126871537,Not Recommended,327070,26745126,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Nuck,"Way to laggy, way to many glitches, WAY TO MANY BUGS AND EXPLOITS!"
,Recommended,327070,23514670,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Notbazzaro135,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5yJs8b0zvwSo this review is for only the little time I played but from what I saw this game has potential. So:The combat is simple flick and click much like mount and blade, only down fall I see at the point is the hit boxes are weird and there is no idicator(sound/animation) when you land a hit.Crafting is a little old school but simple and does what it needs to.For me I play on a AMD rig so I get wird fram skips and such when playing on medium/high.It controls like mount and blade/concept like rust kinda. If you are a fan of these types of games I wouldrecommendit."
,Recommended,327070,25518410,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Tezyck,"In a world of sandbox survival,where is the one medieval themed game where you canjustcollectyour s***eat your pork roast off the knobby bonegroup up with your fellows,retake or defend your people settlements...then wander back homesteady,kill off a few of those nuisance rebel peasants, or those invaders of the 'other'faction...or Form a forward warband, and assault, using an continuingly upgraded combat system that is better than LiF but not quite M&Band then farm the wierd cultists for their stuffs.and then craft craft craft like itsyour damn jobor soul bound proprietary mission!-gold.copper.bronze, whatever youy want to call it.This early in Early Access.AndI give a RESOUNDINGthumbs up"
76561198114791504,Recommended,327070,25532041,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Yosuet,Great game that continues to get great updates!
76561198033443675,Recommended,327070,23786463,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Zoot,So much potential in this game..it the great MMORPG that i was waiting for..but not yet..pls devolopers..complete this game..there's so much things missing..then it will be way better then now..
76561198055067478,Not Recommended,327070,34685005,Posted: 2 September,all,Sebas555,"Worst early access I ever tried.... I really feel like I lost some money here... ask for a refund but spent too much time just to make this game work without crashing every 5 mins.... Glitchy, buggy, laggy... this game should not even be for sale... too much work to be done to make it enjoyable... questline are cheap, mobs respawns evey 5 mins, everything feels out of place and the economy is just really unbalance... good concept... very badly executed and managed... I hope they have a real plan to put this game on rail because it feels like it's going no where..."
76561198375260944,Recommended,327070,32243266,Posted: 7 June,all,comancyto,"This game is extremely addicting, join a Guild as soon as you can. with a guild you will have a lot to do, from doing quest to joining events and taking and defending castles with your guild and faction. the game is getting better and better with the different updates coming up. the leveling system is simple, the crafting is awesome, and the fights are epic. but like I said =, don't be a loner. JOIN a good guild, you will have a lot more fun."
76561197981390210,Recommended,327070,23577609,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,An Army of Jake,"First and foremost, IT IS IN ALPHA! It seems this game blew up over the last couple of days and all you see is people saying they can't believe how glitchy it is... well if you read before you bought the game then you would have known.All in all I like the game, very different and pvp centered. Be prepared to start out just going it alone without much instruction but if you start killing and crafting you will level well and make some decent gear. Haven't tried it yet but looking forward to upgrading and building forts/castles with a guild."
76561197960931180,Not Recommended,327070,23904689,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Rob,"Hello,Don't buy this game now. Wait 1 or 2 years! If it still exists and is not in alpha then buy it because it is gonna be pretty cool. But at the moment, don't bother. The glitches and the current crafting mechanics will drive you crazy!"
,Recommended,327070,23673494,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Sneakysomfan,"Lured a giant into Audunstede, nation chat rages at me.10/10"
76561198027922278,Recommended,327070,23599835,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,ouzkhan,"The first impression;I Just play this game one hour now and I like this game but need update and fix that game! (ı can't feel game) Its very lag and bug in this game now. It's seems like a Runescape, M&B Warband games, nice graphics and details.I think most important problems are;1) Lag problems2) Fighting is not understable,(I can't feel and understand I'm hit enemy or not hit.) Lag maybe the reason."
76561198066429046,Not Recommended,327070,23914407,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,TheGreatDecaf,I couldnt even get 50 yards away from my spawn point in game. Constant rubberbanding and my character dissapears. I couldnt even force quit the game from the menu. Game still needs a LOT of work. Another thing i dont understand is you have to hold RMB to look around but that same button is how you block and it uses up your stamina. Wait to buy this game. It isnt worth the price right now.
,Not Recommended,327070,25284994,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,VanValdenburg,I don't like the game. Combat feels clunky and not right. The quests are bad designed or bugged. I had high hopes for this game but the combat just feel stupid.
76561198072071574,Recommended,327070,23623630,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,euanmillar98,"Awesome game, bright future!"
,Recommended,327070,23604713,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,[CK] Kathal,Just dived into this a couple days ago and fell in love! This satisfies my inner Conan
76561197995527239,Recommended,327070,23518581,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,KenshiSaan,got some good mecanique but need a lot of polish
76561197970991776,Recommended,327070,23519814,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,CNL Jack Oneill,great potential once they have sorted out the log in issues and various other issuesplease add sell all button in stores
,Recommended,327070,23491644,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Galaxy 9000,Looks goooooood.
,Not Recommended,327070,25094402,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,EduInmigrante,"This game is not that bad, but, still have a lot of fixes to do.The gameplay is imposible with a log of lag and hit detection dont work well.Animations need a huge fix and some times, you get stuck in rocks.I feel sad to request a refund u.u i think in a future, will be a good game."
,Recommended,327070,23607546,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Irony,">Join a group of the glorious Ismir master race>Defending a small mining encampment>Kill someMidlanderspeasants and their raiding group>Loot said peasant's gear>Later that day a giant raiding party of twentyMidlanderspeasants raid the mining encampment>Raid leader is the person I looted>Crap>All of my viking brethren die as I valiantly charge through bandit filled terriroty,running awayto call for reinforcements>Lost territory and never got reinforcementsBut what could said weapon be? Surely something of the highest tier, you may be assuring yourself. No, you are mistaken. The weapon which caused the corresponding loss of territory was a mere Peasant's bow.Was it worth?Yes. Yes it was."
,Recommended,327070,23784834,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Toki,"This is possibly one of the most enticing MMO RPGs I have ever played, has a huge amount of potential, sure there are some bugs here and there and the pvp could use some work but hey the game is still in alpha. The developers are also doing a damn good job and really seem to care about their game, releasing frequent patches and content every week.Really excited to see where this game goes, definately recommend to any MMO enthusiast."
76561198314068380,Recommended,327070,24670405,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Shamutron,"The game I've been waiting for, and the wait has been well worth it."
76561198117915267,Recommended,327070,24831354,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Imma stare your soul,its nice and awesome i recommend buying it :)
76561198044813816,Recommended,327070,23851024,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,COG,"it's been a long time since an mmorpg has gotten a hold on me like Gloria Victis. I lay awake at night even now at 11:28pm thinking about this game.It's massive open world full of diverse landscape, different creatures and enemies.The many crafting recipes for everything from sheild and swords to armors and bows.The way the light shines threw the trees and over the grass, the way it welcomes me when I first log on, the loose combat targeting, its very open, if your not faceing, it wont hit, if your too far it wont hit, bows are aimed no auto target, this is the gameing mechanics so many other games royaly screwd up, this is a new love of mine and as a married man of course this is my wife's new enemy.Every day there have been updates and 1-3 hot fixes, and they are listening to players input on bugs, they seem very responsive and look forward to helping us. for a $18 game, they are doing better faster work with better support and fairness than most $60 big franchise companies, lookin at you Rockstar and Tom  Clancy.I've had this game a total of three days and huh boy let me tell you something, ya smoke some♥♥♥♥♥♥like this and you might not stop playing.TL;DRbuy it, if you don't like it, well you probably don't enjoy life so you know what to do."
,Not Recommended,327070,24608315,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,darkpriest667,"It's pretty simple. Registration is a PITA. They have a weird registration process for steam users. I could never get it to take my email or password after it said I was registered with steam. I have asked for a refund. I hope I get it but if not I just lit twenty dollars on fire.Check my profile 180+ games several of them dual login. I'm not stupid, their registration process is."
,Recommended,327070,23716899,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Saint Crimson,still may be in alpha but is damn near still better than most mmo's on the market
76561198261488511,Recommended,327070,23964817,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,slubowski,not to bad
76561198132298668,Recommended,327070,24646765,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,TheLaughingPineapple,"Gloria Victis serves well to lovers of the medieval era, immersifying you into a world with fantasy elements and realistic combat. Built beautifully this game will make you want to play hours on end, along-side companions whom you've formed with in a Party, or a Guild. Fight with your brothers and sisters at your shoulders in this MMORPG style awesomeness.DO NOT be misguided by the |'Mixed Reviews'| highlight>> For those people that do not recommend the game must be unaware of the fact of the game being in its Alpha stage..This game is greatly worth the money for it brings forth much rich gameplay with replayability.Oh, and the music's awesome."
,Not Recommended,327070,24197493,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Caesar,"Game's unplayable (I know it's EA, but still) & the only game I ever refunded so far because I don't see any hope at all for this game, concept/idea could be great but it's lacking too much content right now nor do I believe will this game ever be completely finished/polished. By the time it'll be done (if at all) no one plays it anymore and people moved on to different/better games.By the way, combat is awful, it generally lags, enemys glitch into you, are completely invisible, attack/hit you from an unreasonable distance, run through you, etc etc etc.."
,Recommended,327070,24341398,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,DreadLordCain,"This is a Alpha.. BUT its a good alpha alot of potental in it and they plan on doing alot horses, boats, better combat system, I love playing this game and I dont have much lag problems."
76561198193647510,Recommended,327070,23486489,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,lore,This game is a blast little bit buggy but is to be expected crafting pvp once it all gets worked out game will make it far
76561198027292868,Recommended,327070,23511956,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,UlysessTheWanderer,BUY THIS GAME ITS AMAZING <3
76561197977487174,Recommended,327070,23545605,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,StuntManScott,Amazing Game already at its current state my only gripe is that it needs more servers They are full all the time and I can never play the ♥♥♥♥ing game so ya if they get more servers this game would be worth the money.
,Recommended,327070,23556323,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,[TAW] Mr.Snoken,its still buggy at its current state but it is one of the best games i have played on a long time
76561198062203485,Recommended,327070,23554032,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,muttley,"its alpha buggy and such,But its shapeing up to be a very good game as long as the devs keep there eye on the ball."
,Recommended,327070,23551327,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,rooster.usmc117,"After several hours, I can tell this game needs a lot of work! A lot! The mechanics need a good fix, but the idea behind the game and the basics are wellmade enough to allow the game to be playable. And there is a decent sized fan-base. Starting out in the game is a little confusing, there is no starting quest. It is just here is your gear and the faction you fight with, have at it bucko!This game needs work. It is evident when you play it. The devs are not kidding when they say Early Access Alpha in the top right corner of the screen in game. It is in alpha. There are things that need to be done. I will give the devs a chance on this game because alpha stage is promising so far."
76561198261843239,Recommended,327070,23486426,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,SpartanFireFox,cool game but i will wait the official release
,Recommended,327070,23504345,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Sawl,"This is a pretty fun game, although there are still a lot of bugs. For how cheap it is, it's definitely worth picking up."
76561198041390436,Recommended,327070,23509779,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Bonko,Game play is a bit klunky but this game reminds me of Dark age of Camelot. Fun to play with friends and fight in open world pvp
76561198026880807,Recommended,327070,24138840,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Killabits,"For an Alpha game still in the works it is amazing. Yes, there are bugs and talk of server wipes when game is complete but you are playing an alpha game to basically help test. We should consider ourselves lucky they are letting us in game so early. I personally would pay more for the game and I am willing to pay monthly sub. BEST GAME GOING!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,327070,30524872,Posted: 15 March,all,Tomiiwhaw,"The game is alpha, i really enjoy to playing this game, i think the final game will be stunning"
,Recommended,327070,30244264,Posted: 28 February,all,GanValZimm,Great concept and developement. Excited to see what 2017 brings.
76561198023145886,Recommended,327070,29882946,Posted: 12 February,all,xTheIcex,"First 1 hour:Hmmm, graphich not bad, but movment and figth is intresting..First 3 hour:Ohh come on this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ why brougth this game?:((The figth is crapy..:(After 1 day:Ok i log in and i check the crafting system..After 2 day:Hmm, this game is different figth concept, and game mechanichs but its not bad...After 50 hour game play:Wowww..:DThis game is awesome..:)Community is perfect, and kindly..:)Game play is super cool...i played almost 12 hour without breake..:DYou need to play this game..:)"
76561198282381214,Recommended,327070,30523285,Posted: 15 March,all,sambo_yosua,"The game is fun, it's not too challenging, but it's also not so easy, recommend to play with friends. The developers are slowly and steadily develop the game, I'd say it's worth trying"
76561198175340318,Recommended,327070,30728356,Posted: 25 March,all,jankavarila,"Love it, sad just moment what its not optimisated yet so fps aint so good even on good machines, hot waiting more polishing ^_^"
76561198061293306,Recommended,327070,29175878,Posted: 10 January,all,RW_D!CE,Great game
76561198040132427,Recommended,327070,34157823,Posted: 10 August,all,Catamount,Keeps getting better.
76561197973290072,Recommended,327070,26526647,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Liability,"Not sure what all the bad reviews are for. Yes its a bit glitchy, needs refining in certain areas but the potential is massive!ITS EARLY ACCESS please remember that before complaining about the glitches. I bought this game 2 days ago by the way!I've only played 10 hours ish but the crafting is fun (quite long winded), the battles are great and the other players are truly helpful. On top of that you have tournaments (when its perfected it'll be awesome), Have quests, capture the flag and in a way a complete single player saga!Give it a try its worth a tenner!7/10 but potentially 9/10"
,Recommended,327070,28925025,Posted: 1 January,all,╔♠Captain♠╗,"I came into this game thinking there would be a more sandbox base making element and naval combat like M&B. I was disapointed to not have those features but this game is still very fun and intresting. It's like a conquest game and mmorpg all in one. You battle for certain cities and control points to unlock better merchants to get better gear, and crafting recipes for even better gear. You have to craft better armours to upgrade your armoursmithing skill or weapons for your weaponsmithing skill to get really good gear. The death and looting mechanics are really nice too and not extremely punishing like other games like this. Give this game a shot, but don't be too salty if it isn't perfect, it is early access after all."
76561198144244417,Recommended,327070,23592439,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,[RO] Angello,It has been years since a game wouldn't let me sleep the whole night!  This game is addictive  !People are known to loose their jobs for this game :)
,Recommended,327070,24892229,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Mr.Magorium,"Its a really really fun game that has a lot of depth and longevity, right now it is a little un-optimized but its not unplayable. I would only buy if you want to support the devs. if not then wait a couple months."
76561198026398623,Recommended,327070,25110704,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,setsua55,Loving the game so far and the community that is building around this game is great! It`s pretty far from being done but the cool thing is the dev team lisens to it`s player base. There are updates and changes happening that make the game feel one step closer to being ready for the next stage of beta.
76561198009949087,Recommended,327070,23814946,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Darkred Pillow,"it s everything ppl like about mmo but in alpha, few bugs here and there, intense pvp, you can loot what you kill which dont happen alot at start but eventualy, no lvl requirement for weapon or armor, only the crafting need to be lvled to make them. I told you this♥♥♥♥♥♥is good !"
76561198022665733,Recommended,327070,23883308,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Steve,10 v 10 man arrow fights are the best but the meele combat is buggy or im bad
76561198047269124,Recommended,327070,24627595,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Cuppiocaek,Imagine Skyrim online with no magic.
,Recommended,327070,23860721,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Trevelyn,"Extremely fun, with great combat mechanics, and cratfing system."
76561198019951962,Recommended,327070,28132537,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,koolhand,"the game is fun stuff lots to do, but its just buggy and laggy, it thats alot of the fun right out of it.maybe and if they get it running right it would be a great game , but right now..needs lots of work"
76561197983124464,Recommended,327070,28176669,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Moth,I love this game. For Alpha this game rocks. It's worth trying out. Devs are very active.
76561198159543808,Recommended,327070,24164928,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ring dingus,"At this stage the game needs A LOT of work. The basic mechanics are quite fun and engaging. The crafting and looting system is fantastic. However, the cities feel baron and the npcs are card board cut outs. The npc enemies are idiots. The main issue currently is its poor optimization. The rubberbanding that was present as of last month is gone , but I can't run this game at more than 22 fps at the lowest settings, and my computer can easily run skyrim at max settings. At this stage its a fun game, but the hastle of the glitches and poor optimization makes it almost unplayable.6/10"
76561198076001922,Recommended,327070,29808302,Posted: 9 February,all,Mr. Etoh,"This game has quirks and bugs; It's still in early access. However it is pretty fun, even as is, has a deep crafting system, and has a solid focus on pvp that has made it challenging. This is one of those games that manages to make pvp feel thrilling and of consequence without obliterating your progress as a new player should you be murdered.If you like fighting other internet mens, this is a solid pick. Plus, if you get in now you'll have a solid handle on the game when it formally releases and be able to lead your own warband if you're so inclined."
,Recommended,327070,25233105,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Therin,"Not a bad game, but the community needs to suck it up and ralise that steam users are the main way this game will actually get somewhere."
,Not Recommended,327070,33129202,Posted: 2 July,all,Nesot,The game population is at 70 and it feels like your ice skating when you walk.. Bro dont buy it ;)
76561198009399869,Not Recommended,327070,23593926,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Cassp,"Good Concept,♥♥♥♥♥♥execution."
,Not Recommended,327070,30606064,Posted: 18 March,all,Abraham Lincoln,"Recieved the game as a ""gift"" and while, initially I was excited, became quickly disheartened by the hard-to-approach and hardass community. The only questions I asked were met with beratement and jeers. While I may have looked past that to see what a gem the game was beneath, I didn't see anything to write home about. It's unique for sure-- doesn't fit the cookie-cutter mold that most MMO's are guilty of being made from, that said, it has a tremendous amount of work that needs to be done before I'd consider giving it another shot. I got ""my"" money back, and promptly threw it towards games with less toxic playerbases."
76561197995406748,Not Recommended,327070,32850465,Posted: 27 June,all,Quash,Good concept but very poor execution that I doubt can be fixed. Will be back on release.
76561198371641115,Not Recommended,327070,33119668,Posted: 2 July,all,bradmikals,Godawful. If you want to run around and have terrible buggy content go ahead and play. I did get a few laughs nude attacking people but thats it. Asked for a refund
76561198035978544,Not Recommended,327070,32482897,Posted: 16 June,all,Muscadet,"The stamina drain has been multiplied for no reason, you're exhausted after three hits even with full stamina build and light armor.The pathfinding is a joke.The damages don't apply as they should.The combat update is even more laggy.Doesn't worth the time and the dedication."
,Not Recommended,327070,23593473,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Dj Polyester,It has some issues as expected. Developers have a long way to go. The game must be improved a lot. It keeps forever to login. Doesnt worth money now.
76561198035026003,Not Recommended,327070,23678612,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Jihad Joe,"This game is just hype.does it have potential? absolutely.is it playable/fun? for the first couple of hours when you join a raid. after that it's just nothingness. kill stuff to level... ok, then what? go raid more towns i guess. that gets old quick.if you have a habit of supporting EA games by providing feedback - then by all means help them.looking for something you can pour hours into? this isnt the game for you."
76561198043577738,Not Recommended,327070,23691284,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Gozling1,the lagg is sooo bad makes combat pointless  very poor game play no econemey no mail no auction house no mounts tiny little bank and supertruck load of crappy crafting mats with no room to store .When will a single Alpha learn that the customer is right
,Not Recommended,327070,23694370,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,MiauMedia,"Clunky, laggy combat with poor optimization.Excellent atmosphere."
,Not Recommended,327070,23610493,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Popo,"I loved how its like a Chivalry MMO, yet it needs A LOT more work to be enjoyable. I don't like having to SEEK enjoyment out of this game. Hopefully later I shall get that enjoyment out of it."
76561198119370960,Not Recommended,327070,23627089,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,The Holy Blade,"It's got promise. It really does. For a game that's in Alpha the landscape and scenery are nice. The music is gorgeous, but this is very realistic in terms of a medieval-themed rpg. That means no trolls, soldier elves, dwarves, magic of any kind, and especially no fire-breathing dragons :( . Furthermore, PvP eats garbage since it feels so damn clunky in melee combat and is often glitchy. Not to mention you can lose all of your very hard earned equipment by being looted by enemies so that feature eats garbage too. Plus, the game early on offers literally NO GUIDES or proper introduction. No real backstory or lore or anything to grow attachment towards. The gameplay and style is not for everyone either. If you're into clunky, obsolete, and boring middle-aged man video games, then go ahead and play this, I insist. Overall, 5/10. Not to mention when one of your faction's locations gets raided and you're like the only guy there, peacefully minding his own business when suddenly 20 freaking enemies raid the place, killing and looting you in the process; just flat out despair."
76561197984985614,Recommended,327070,23515856,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,bodil,"MMO version of Mount and Blade. Lots of lag/stuttering right now, but worth $20."
76561198032143570,Recommended,327070,32261068,Posted: 7 June,all,(Nord) Hehn23,"Good game, I suggest you buy this game. :) Gloria Victis!"
,Not Recommended,327070,23783844,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,er1c,Very Laggy Fps & Connection wise. Only 3 US Servers.
76561198014944926,Recommended,327070,26157362,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,KnightWolf,This game is looking very promising. They update almost once a week and keep us informed of what's to come. Once the new animations drop this game is going to feel like a completely different game. You will want to keep your eye on this one. At the rate it is going it is going to be the go to game for persistent medieval warfare.
76561197981195473,Recommended,327070,23512418,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Vido,simply the best EA i have ever bought...trust me is a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥good game.
76561198103072838,Recommended,327070,23527072,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Ramen,fantastic for a alpha game
76561198001253287,Not Recommended,327070,23850714,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Lorne,Cannot even log into the game. Wanted to love the game but cannot love what you cannot play.
76561198119140355,Not Recommended,327070,23783122,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Swamp Fox,I had expected much more out of it even though it is a earl release game.
76561198065534889,Recommended,327070,31384388,Posted: 26 April,all,BroxigarTheRed,This game is a really fun game with very active developers. They are adding new things constantly and are about to release a combat update that will make the game 10x better. It has lots of crafting exploration and pvp.
76561198086381105,Recommended,327070,30734670,Posted: 25 March,all,Mike Hawk,Please buy this game so they will finish developing it and I can come back and check it out when they do. Your quest is to restore my faith in Early Access games.(Lolz do any of them actually make it to launch anymore?) Don't let me down.
76561198015052188,Recommended,327070,24725109,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,[QS]HamsterBiggs,I like it nuff said
76561198039692994,Not Recommended,327070,25229838,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Ck,5 hours gameplay.... the community is pure cancer and just full of trolls.. rarely anybody helpful on this game to the point its not enjoyable.
,Recommended,327070,23827258,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Finnz,Best MMO i've been play ever
76561197988041339,Recommended,327070,23497840,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Archaon,"So far I have seen very little wrong with this game, it's still early but if the devs stay true to their promises. If you're interested in this sort of thing give it a try"
76561198036926055,Recommended,327070,23536215,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Coldkill,">Screwing around with my bow>Killing a bunch of sailors>Sailor drops ""Battered Box"" *It seems like something is inside*>Inside box is a dead foxI killed a man on the way to bury his pet, then stole it10/10All joking aside, it's a pretty good start to a game I have high hopes for"
,Recommended,327070,23492030,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Johnny Flap Jacks,"Ok so i am going to rewrite my review of this game.So far it is proving much more enjoyable than LiF, and really any other game in the genre. Yes it is not polished but that is to be expected seeing as how it just released. I had issues logging in and made a previous review that was crap. The game needs to be played and their is a lot to learn. Seems the learning curve may be a bit high but anything to be a turnoff.Laptop : MSI GT 72 2QE - Dominator ProCharacter creation is simple and easy to get going with.Graphically I am on a laptop playing and enjoy a wide variety of games that do test it but have not proven to be to much. That being said my card is the 980M with 8gigs onboard memory. And I would think any desktop with a decent setup should be fine. Again I cant speak for desktops.Crafting - Pretty deep and involved but not overly complexAH! The Fighting, so much funI am definitely loving the bow right now its a good time seeing how far away you can actually hit something.I guess thats an ok review, but anyway would most certainly get my friends to purchase this....whether that be by force or not.As an EA awesome 9.0As a game as of right now id give it a strong 7.4.Im not judging on the bugs and issues at the start because well that is just unfair to the devs. We all know they try to test every scenario but at some point yall gotta understand that they are human an♥♥♥♥♥♥happensDEVS get a 10/10 for fixing the login issue right away I look forward to seeing what they have in store for future content."
,Recommended,327070,26135986,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Butter,Gloria Victis so far has been a great game considering its in early access. Their are bugs and its a little choopy but the good thing is that the dev team is working on it. This game though is great for pvp and playing with friends. I reccomend this game to anyone who likes medieval games and mmo's.
76561198022481389,Not Recommended,327070,23550209,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Lapinator,- Purchased and installed- Created character- Horrible gameplay- Exit- Refund10/10 would refund again
76561198045457642,Recommended,327070,23651715,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,PokeDatHo,Better than any mmo i've played.
,Recommended,327070,23547345,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Dementedcargo,A MOST PLAY ONE OF THE BEST MMO I HAVE SEEN IN IT MERGED VERY WELL COMBAT STYLE LOOKS LIKE WARBAND WITCH IS VERY GOOD
76561198392588197,Recommended,327070,33415768,Posted: 9 July,all,ATG,UPDATE THE GAME
76561198082934481,Recommended,327070,33059233,Posted: 30 June,all,My Dudeximus,Has potential
76561198039812605,Recommended,327070,23961396,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Milk,♥♥♥♥♥ great
76561198179158559,Recommended,327070,23867914,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,suspencer,"Best EA game I've played, really looking forward to the final product!"
76561198093193403,Recommended,327070,23501921,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,elvir308,worth a try!
76561198234672752,Recommended,327070,23533153,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Ethyle X Elthye ✪ l4d2,"Best MMO i played so far,for an early access that is."
76561198024384841,Recommended,327070,23672773,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Masterme312,"Best early acces game i played untill now.Yea its still alpha so bugs are espected, but overall it allready a good to play game , funn pvp nice and unique looting system and nice combo of pve.pvp and crafting.Cant wait for more updates to come on this game !"
76561198076928088,Recommended,327070,23546053,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,postlovestoast,This game very much reminds me of Darkfall. But with a little bit better of a feel to it.DEFINITELY ALPHA!Don't buy this game and then cry that there's bugs. It's f****ing alpha phase.It's a fun sandbox MMO (IN ALPHA) that has a ton of potential. (WHO KNOWS WHAT ITS GOING TO TURN INTO. BECAUSE ITS IN ALPHA PHASE)
76561198026487522,Recommended,327070,31284727,Posted: 21 April,all,shade,"I've been following GV for awhile now - waiting for the right moment to jump in and try it. With the recent sale and the upcoming animation update I decided it was time. So far this has proved to be a very good decision.GV has its problems. Worst is occasional de-synch. One time the enemy retreated through the gate and closed it and even though I did not follow on my screen they killed me on the other side.  Falling through stairs can make getting to the capture flag in towers tricky. In combat there are times when what you see does not match the result - no damage when you seemed to hit someone being the most common.  Also pings are higher than I would expect.That said combat works. Fighting the AI is often fun due to the Mount and Blade style skill based combat. If you fight badly versus multiple npc's you can get you♥♥♥♥♥♥kicked whereas if you do a good job the same fight can be an easy win. Combat versus players is really fun. Player skill is huge. Staying focused is crucial and good tactics make a huge difference in fights. You can win outnumbered 2 to 1 with lower level character just by being cautious, using the fortifications and npc's, and picking your moments to be aggressive.GV has a huge edge over many other pvp game because it provides combat environments which work with a wide variety of numbers matchup's. Outnumbered 3 to 1 - fight defensively using fortifications and/or npc's to strengthen your position and provide opportunities for your enemy to over reach and leave themselves vulnerable. Outnumber your opponent - go on the offensive and attempt to take locations while they use the defences to try and counter you.Most MMO's separate the player base out over a huge power curve. In GV a low level character with decent gear can kill a level 100 character with some smarts or luck. This helps the game bring players together for entertaining pvp rather than separating them out the way most MMO's do.A huge part of why the pvp works so well is that the game encourages you into conflict from very early on in your experience. Castle and village combats see messages sent out to everyone to let them know a fight is happening and there is generally time to get involved if you want to. A constant stream of world events draw the two sides together into conflict over locations. Due to the nature of the objectives being fought over wildly uneven forces can engage in pvp using npc's and fortification to balance the conflict.You can join GV and get into pvp in your first few days. Unlike other games you won't feel massively underpowered so long as you can fight smart.The crafting system is very detailed and a bit overwhelming at the start. That said it is very rewarding when you get to the point of being able to make your own pvp gear so that losing a your armour/weapon in pvp is no longer such a problem. The relationship between crafting and pvp, more places you control the bigger bonus to crafting, draws you into the pvp game and doesn't let you settle easily into being a pvp adverse carebear -something many other games encourage you into early.So far it is a very promising game and has the potential to be one of the best pvp MMO's ever. Let's hope the new animations patch sorts out a lot of the problems."
,Recommended,327070,30253318,Posted: 28 February,all,Professor Boogie,"I believe this a great mideval game, but I dont like how the game was shaped. I just dont like RPG's, but other then that, its well developed, and has great quality. The gameplay is smooth, but i think that the PVP should be fixed alittle bit. Other then that, absolutely amazing game! You dev's are doing something right!"
76561198142790065,Recommended,327070,24345248,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Mr Green,I am not that into games were its all about leveling up but attacking castles is really well done.
76561198157099279,Recommended,327070,23484658,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,baldinw,"Looking good, but needs a bit more of work."
76561198093696422,Recommended,327070,26119101,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Yankee,Good one
76561198335958542,Recommended,327070,25981171,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Italian Man,Registered on Steam to buy this as had some issues on their website. 3 hours already in-game and its working pretty good for EA. Sweet!
76561197993026523,Recommended,327070,23592527,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Roccotje,Is it good.. no not yet. its the basic you can create on heroengine. made with unitybut it sure♥♥♥♥♥hell does feel like an upcomming good game.Maybe a this is what you should do in this game tutorial. cause the first couple min people dont have any clue what to do
76561198274207400,Recommended,327070,25092558,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,fastgun,i cant join a serverhow do you join a server?i cant play
76561198191406974,Recommended,327070,24810217,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,DarrellReborn,"Great game for alpha testing very complex crafting system but very rewarding, the combat is getting much better and I could see this game becoming very good defiantly worth giving a try. It is however a very time consuming game and get whathe you put in ill be carryang on with the game great job guys can't wait to see what happens next"
76561198140250085,Recommended,327070,23697021,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Animal Mother,This is the best MMORPG medieval game of 2016!
,Recommended,327070,28581704,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,How Not To Game,"This is a great game, I am having alot of fun playing it"
,Recommended,327070,23661802,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,RizleyRoss™,"Fun when you get into a big party and try to take over villages, but the game needs more work."
,Recommended,327070,26615065,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Stalin,this game is amazinggood graphics and good gmeplzy
76561198122012393,Recommended,327070,29735239,Posted: 5 February,all,Brome,I mean I guess
76561198091466590,Not Recommended,327070,26247152,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,hazeYo,"this game is bad and will never be worth buying it-pve is a joke-weapons are unbalanced-even 6 years old mount&blade or 14 years old star wars jediknight got a much better and a more fair combat system-hitboxes are rly bad-collisions are damn bad-its a grinding crafting game, not skill based at all (better gear = win)-crafting is taking way too long and u cant skip it, u are forced to do this crap-if u want to compete with other players ull have to play for months to get (craft) the same gear like them-damage is ridiculous unrealistic (if u are max lvl u can run around naked and take full charged swings to the head and u       wont die because u still have 4k hp)-laggy af-toxic community-devs are lazy, they got their money ;)i could continue the list but im lazy, toodont buy it or get refund as long as u canthis game is trash at its finest"
76561198122044179,Not Recommended,327070,23798958,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Lion Heart,"This game is honestly one of the worst games i have ever played, clunky animations that continue playing after you've stopped walking, back character models with skin glitching through the close, incredibly laggy, at this point i can not reccomend this game to anyone unless this game gets fixed, i was originally excited for this game as i was a large fan of mount and blade, however i now see that mount and blade style fighting and combat works horribly for an mmo and especially for something as clunky as this."
76561198194311333,Not Recommended,327070,29971146,Posted: 16 February,all,kingofcats,i really do want to reccomend the game but it is just to boring and bad right now
76561197993806160,Not Recommended,327070,30299626,Posted: 3 March,all,CocoBongo,"Terrible game for now, you keep getting stuck in the air. Crafting is just a grind and servers are pretty empty. There is not much to do but grind."
,Not Recommended,327070,23719548,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Cpt.Blitzkrieg24,"Pros:Interesting ConceptMany PlayersCons:Does not seem to be optimized very well. I only get 40 FPS, even on low settings (I can run BF4 on Ultra).Very ConfusingCombat/Movement feels very sluggish.I realize that this is the Alpha version of the game, and it is a great concept, but at this current stage it needs a lot of polishing. If they continue to develop it, and make it more playable, I might be able to recommend it, but in its current state, I would not purchase it.Verdict: 2/10- Wait until full release to purchase this game."
76561198037551426,Not Recommended,327070,23945928,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Skeeter17,Lucky just to log into a server. I've made it out of the first city once. Every other times everything disappears and the game freezes. One of these days I'll learn to stay away from early access survival games.
,Not Recommended,327070,29576509,Posted: 29 January,all,Asundering,"Laggy, shockingly slow development.  I try and return every few months to see if anything has improved.  Perhaps it has been its remarkably slow.  Huge hitching issues, lag, mobs under the ground, mobs running in place.  No level ups for abilities - been ""coming soon"" for almost a year.  This game has ""potential"" but with others coming out - see Conan i think they've missed their window.   Ill check again in a few months...  Disappointed. Again"
76561198005196916,Not Recommended,327070,24266338,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Sarkoon,"Good Idea for a game but not well executed yet. I dont want to jump on the band wagon and say its crap because obviously the game is still in early early access. I guess my issue is the combat is really bad, at least the melee is and the comunity is just kind of a weird group of people. Im sorry ive just never gotten the vibe from another game and ya, just different people... All and all i do not reccomend this game yet but i would certainly like to check back and see the progress. Released to early in my opinion."
,Recommended,327070,23477096,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,1seth,♥♥♥♥ my♥♥♥♥
76561198121799199,Not Recommended,327070,23808698,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Aloha Snackbar,Bought this game during Steam sale for around $10 then after 10-15mins I applied for a refund.Here's why...character customization is lacking- remember that most of us spend hours just to pick the face we want? this game have 10 face to choose from but it's same face with added tattoo on it (Do they hope for us not to notice the difference?). 4 races and you can only pick 2 with no difference in their appearance. Male and Female gender and you won't be able to pick female.hard time reading everything- from the game lore to chatlog the letters are only half the size of this review's letters. I may not have 20/20 vision but my eyes aren't that bad to wear glasses nor to plan ruining my eyes just for the sake of playing this game.dead boring- after opening the client there's this lively music at the log in screen. After that.. dead silence! Background music don't really bother me but the sound effects is lackingout of sync- when I move it never fails to slide first before it walks/run. this fault is mine since I'm using slow internet connection but I played FPS games and other MMOs but it never did this. I got higher ping from those games mind you.
,Recommended,327070,23497802,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Skaroh,Looks awesome!
,Recommended,327070,23652164,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,A wild OchiDO,"Well the game is in development and has a lot to improve, but honestly I think is a really good Idea, the game is an mixture of the game Regnum Online with the combat system like Mount & Blade: Warband, as the games I have played in my life ,maybe there are some games what describes better the game.I can't wait to see this jewel finished."
76561198065427943,Not Recommended,327070,25056129,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Mojave,clunky gameplay and bad hitboxes even for an alpha
,Recommended,327070,30930719,Posted: 3 April,all,Ｆａｓｈｙ Ｂｏｙ,Breddy gud
76561198042078479,Not Recommended,327070,34136461,Posted: 9 August,all,mithilangel,"boring , bad combat , no horses."
76561198158835921,Recommended,327070,23815066,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,OB1,great game a few issues as in when i trying to join in i waited like 2-3 min on my $2500 gaming comp and it didnt work so load loads but its fun and not get a gun pray and spray there IS SKILL in this game so that you dont just get killed by some idiot who spent half a million hours getting the best gear and maxed stats as in a level 1 can kill a level 100 if they are good and you dont have to spent hours getting to level a million to do this or that and the other day me and 3others all new raided limetown and lobarts farm (tho one was level 49)
76561198026296882,Not Recommended,327070,24194361,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Froeder,The Intro Video is better than the game itself.
76561198045588561,Recommended,327070,23651510,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Alborosie,havent even got to play it yet but its gud
,Recommended,327070,30628103,Posted: 19 March,all,Chips,Quite a few glitches here and there but it is an early access game and a very promising one aswell.
76561198050192857,Not Recommended,327070,24240024,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,ColdCookie😏,"It is crap, runescape Rip-off, would not recommend at all"
76561198120341862,Recommended,327070,31192396,Posted: 16 April,all,ZeH,"still on process game, its good to play right now but had a lot work to do to make sieges more dynamic."
,Recommended,327070,30601277,Posted: 18 March,all,Space Commander Anxious,"Good fun so far( 4 hours logged at this review )with there obviously being some bugs and work needing done. I don't regret this purchase though, which is rare among early release games, and I don't see myself regretting the purchase so long as the developers are competent and regular with updates, which they seem to be."
,Recommended,327070,23503386,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,clumsyYy 笨拙,I have been enjoying this game a lot :)
76561198116343274,Recommended,327070,29731179,Posted: 5 February,all,Athamus,Love the game but it need more snadbox stuff like able customise your embelm of your guild like draw it yourself like archeage only thing good bout tht game is tht guild cape but i agree is early access but the combat is very well done just need to be more synch also need more survival crafting then quests but it very on point so far just need more stuff but eventually we need to be able create our own faction able to farm our own goods who like my idea???
76561198259293519,Recommended,327070,30267901,Posted: 1 March,all,eagle eye,This game is pritty good in my opion and the fact its only £15 is great coz even if u dont lke it its not like u just blow ur budget but onistly if u thinking about buying it watch some gameplay of it because then u can atleast see it insted of someones opinion
76561198036086426,Recommended,327070,23678055,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Bias,YOU MUST CONSTRUCT ADDITIONAL WOOD BILLETS
,Recommended,327070,30412835,Posted: 9 March,all,Moshi csgonecro.com,pretty nice yes
76561198019780429,Recommended,327070,30581213,Posted: 17 March,all,Camrix12,So far good game. It just needs a bit of direction. You make a guy and poof right out into the world with no clue what to do. Once out and about the game is fun and the crafting is good.
,Recommended,327070,25205633,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,CodyG1299,Absolutely AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198053740074,Not Recommended,327070,30640135,Posted: 20 March,all,Boogie,nothing like what you see in the video. Poor for this day and age. Waste of my hard earned $$.
76561198028722447,Not Recommended,327070,32276407,Posted: 8 June,all,lupocattivo,before you realize how crappy this game is it's too late for a refoundone of the worst purchase I ever made
,Not Recommended,327070,23992077,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,TIQUAN UNDERWOODDD #BAESQUAD,refunded :(
76561198007475691,Not Recommended,327070,25792126,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Whiterum,"So far a disappointment. I understand its a work in progress but until its more completed I say don't bother. Save your money. Current gameplay is choppy there are server issues which are being fixed weekly. Crafting is all over the place and you have to find your way on how to make what you want, its somewhat complicated. Battling is straight forward but boring and has no real challenge, graphics are somewhat lazy at the moment. Current glitches are currently being looked at for the most part. The game overall lacks the medieval aspect in which is built on."
76561198086097077,Not Recommended,327070,23591910,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Local_Wizard,"Had some mediocre fun for a few hours and then realized I bought reign of kings 2.0The combat is TERRIBLE.The crafing is BORING and USELESS.There is nothing to do except fight for turf. Thats it. Oh, wait you can chop wood too. Awesome.The trailer made the combat look ok, but once you actually play, you soon see how terrible it actually is.DON'T BUY THIS."
76561198145150683,Not Recommended,327070,23968854,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,RZ,"Cannot play.. no one server from asean,,"
,Not Recommended,327070,33448181,Posted: 10 July,all,SYnC,One word: Dead
76561198003850646,Not Recommended,327070,23793760,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,RustyPotato,It may be really good but I couldn't connect to any servers so I don't know.It seems people have been having these issues for a while so i'm not wasting any more time on it and opted for a refund.
,Not Recommended,327070,23914386,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,123,"Great concept, horribly delivered."
76561198036235772,Not Recommended,327070,25286038,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Inzababa,"I heard so much about this game, I heard how bad it was and how good it was and I thought I'd check it myself to see how it was.I think if I had to choose a word to sum it up, it would be ""clunky"", I could add others like, ""approximate"", ""not polished"", ""unfinished"" and many more at which point I know a few people might protest and say ""but it isn't finished"".So let me give it to you straight.1. I wouldn't say the game is worth 20 Euros in it's current state, however paying that money isn't necessarily a bad idea as you will be supporting a small team and help them achieve their very difficult project. So no, it's not worth 20 Euros, right now, but don't let that stop you.2. I'm genuinly worried that even if the dev team manage to fix and polish half of everything that is wrong or badly designed or unfinished, paying to play this would still be a rip off.3. The game isn't dead far from it, and even though it's mostly cross servers, there's quite a few people chatting and obviously enjoying the game right now, today. So don't be afraid to test it out, just because I didn't like it doesn't mean that you won't either.Now, purely from a personal point of view, I facking hated this game, everything in it drives me mad, from combat animations to the world itself to the NPCs to the map to the inventory and menus to the content, or lack of content, literally everything in this game♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. Not once did I tell myself ""oh, that's pretty cool"" let alone ""wow that's ♥♥♥♥ing awesome"" and most of the time I wanted to quit so bad but forced myself to play because I wanted to give it a chance to surprise me.No, it didn't surprise me, it♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off and felt like a complete waste of time and money, to the point where the devs shouldn't be supported at all because they are never gona get it right, it's just gonna be another darkfall or whatever.Lastly, that was my personal point of view and opinion, but honestly, after what I said, I have to tell you that there are lots of people playing the game, even more who have played it and are taking a break while they wait for an update, and that's plenty of people who would never agree with me.So what I said isn't an absolute truth. But in my opinion, it really sucks."
76561198000380117,Recommended,327070,30934647,Posted: 3 April,all,Reaperscut,Game at start bit confusing but once u get going it get be fun & u just want keep going.
76561198171137642,Recommended,327070,33358660,Posted: 7 July,all,GREGORYUZ,Thank you for new update!!!
76561198050167072,Recommended,327070,28621029,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Gargerad,It is so good.
76561198086712231,Recommended,327070,23609032,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,GCC99,"Since there was no fast traveling to main town I decided ""i'm going to jump off this nearby cliff"" knowing that it was a certain fall to my death. Little did I know a event was about to come which made this game worth it's 20 dollars. My guy did not fall as if it were to be a realistic physics game, he glitched back and surfed down the damned moutain for 30 seconds. It had me in tears laughing at how buggy and how big of a joke this game is. Certainly reccomend if you are looking for a game to laugh your♥♥♥♥♥off at as to how ♥♥♥♥♥ly made it is. ;)"
76561198149644045,Recommended,327070,23530398,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Blackout,Actually like on bug away from unplayable 10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,327070,23700699,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Loafwad ツ,A ♥♥♥♥ing awesome game.But it needs bug fixes.This game has bugs.And alot of them.But the game is playable so its all okay. But it has bugs.Alot of bugs. Please help these poor developers.And buy their bugs today!
,Not Recommended,327070,26730935,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Venatin-Ops,"What a piece of junk.i bought this a while ago and decided to update and play again... and its buggered. Just sits on the loading page never alowing you to select a server.Went onto the forums and tried to get help, but the developers dont give a rats♥♥♥♥♥ Spare yourself some cash and dont buy this."
76561197994827301,Recommended,327070,23545459,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Apterous,Darkfall meets Chivalry (without magic).
76561198070944988,Not Recommended,327070,31171136,Posted: 15 April,all,Zero Damage,♥♥♥♥♥trash
,Recommended,327070,24375949,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Doc Holiday,FIRST! this game is still in alpha you silly sods. Don't expect it to be perfect. The developers have not yet dropped it and it is very fun just take my word for it. This game has a promising future and has a challenging aspect. Very fun overall.
,Recommended,327070,30056339,Posted: 20 February,all,Zhariel,Is there a way for me to play Gloria Victis without using steam?
,Recommended,327070,25122043,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Psyfonik,"Fun allround, only complaints are nothing to do, needs quest"
,Not Recommended,327070,28616101,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Xertue,"Hitboxes are so bad, using a bow is so laggy, hitboxes are so bad, movements are so laggy, hitboxes are so bad.Don't buy the game unless you want to get cancer cause of hitboxes, thanks.Waiting for the animations update."
76561198022948412,Not Recommended,327070,30347431,Posted: 5 March,all,PURE$4V4G3,"This game was lacking in realism, and I couldn't  get into it. if you're looking for  a realistic take on the era this is not the game for you."
76561197964307991,Not Recommended,327070,23747090,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,PatrickBateman,This game is only in Alpha but it already has me weary. The Crafting system is so confusing that you find yourself bouncing around different crafting materials only to forget what you have to craft in the first place. The games combat system is out dated and not even par with Age of conan. It needs to be more like Dark souls 3 or even Black Desert before this game will have a real chance of success. The leveling is a deadly grind that no one is going to want to do even for end game play. MMORPGS need to listen to their customers when we all say that weeks of grinding for level's isnt worth one day of sieging. I would bypass the leveling idea and go directly into a combat and creative pvp play. Leveling while sieging would be an interesting idea where you gain attritbute points and still get to engage in the pvp fun. Just saying that this game needs to get more creative if its going to have any pull against the giants that are leading this dying genre. Good luck with the Development and hope you guys can create an interesting game.
,Not Recommended,327070,23613864,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Sugarloaf Stickybuns,"While the game does have potential, it's not for me and I can't recommend it in its current state. I requested a refund."
76561198131183326,Not Recommended,327070,35275176,Posted: 28 September,all,carrot,"DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY. it says things like player run economy, but you need players to have a player run economy, and it does not. also its 15 dollars for a way worse version of skyrim. just get skyrim."
76561198069721400,Not Recommended,327070,33430494,Posted: 10 July,all,troller01,Buy this game if you have too much time that you want to spend weeks to get to the level and craft gears that makes you actually able to fight enemies which eventually will be looted
76561198008662293,Not Recommended,327070,28670469,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,chaos,i have much much better reguirments than recomende but i see a black think!!ok and some times a white....i understand that this is an alpha but how i can say my opinion if i cant play!!!????so next time before ask about our support of our money make things working!!!
76561198019801815,Not Recommended,327070,25204770,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Lilpeachy,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing game, don't waste your money on this crap"
76561198168952636,Not Recommended,327070,35190664,Posted: 24 September,all,Future,This game is ok alot of bugs but jno game breaking ones overall its really fun but id wait a little bit till they fix some issues
,Not Recommended,327070,23707050,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Joejean (Qc),"See the video on the store page? Forget that, you'll never see any of that...This is a pure money grab release. Game is 4 years old, outdated, buggy, unfinished and not ready for EA.Many game mechanics are outright stupid, no matter how much money you give stupid devellopers you'll never fix the stupid in them...Bye bye 20$ (toilet flush)PS: This is NOT an MMO, 20 servers for 600 players online..."
76561197989704407,Not Recommended,327070,26265821,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Ultimate Beta,Ran around an empty world killing a few ♥♥♥♥♥♥ stock-standard NPCs. $19.99 well spent.**OUTDATED**
76561198030755430,Not Recommended,327070,23644992,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,scottb_sterling,"this is a low fantasy non target based PvP game. Meaning the main point of this game is action style combat. Currently there is no dodge function, blocking is pretty much impossable because there is to much desync so you get hit without your opponent even moving, and the desync has made it so that ""action"" combat meaning moving/targeting/attacking is impossable.In short the MAIN objecitve of this game is broken. Now i understand it's alpha, however for the main objective to be this broken and they are charging money it means one of two things. Either the studio was on the last leg of there budget and had to come up with cash or they can't figure out how to fix the issues and there just going to say ""meh"" to them. Regardless of wich it is neither option is a good one."
,Not Recommended,327070,33444841,Posted: 10 July,all,Danimyo,Dead.
76561198338157330,Not Recommended,327070,26643123,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Ella,too hard to collect materials for crafting
,Not Recommended,327070,24211536,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Avid 9GAG User,"If you're gonna buy this game, don't buy it right now. Its honestly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥e at the moment."
,Not Recommended,327070,27770767,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,B0X,"I was just in for 23 minutes, game crashes, then it's laggy af. The combat is not what the video shows."
76561198037128708,Not Recommended,327070,29596012,Posted: 30 January,all,Jordy,I have never played a game with such laggy servers... time to get a refund! Also... this game is still in a insanely early stage to be on steam honestly it's the most unstable♥♥♥♥♥♥I've ever played
76561198033350075,Not Recommended,327070,28529818,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Dicc Attacc,"""I want to like this but I can't. The animations are gods awful, I feel like everything is running two times slower than it should (like 2x slow motion) and the UI and menus are dated. What is this, 2004? It's 2016, M&B Bannerlord will look, and function, better than this, and it looks like Warband, only prettier. Seriously though, the combat is like something from Morrowind, only ten times worse.""*Edit*Until the combat animations, and the UI, are polished, I can't recommend Gloria Victis to anyone looking for a decent Medieval RPG, regardless of Multiplayer Open World or otherwise. The PvE is fantastic though."
,Recommended,327070,31411025,Posted: 28 April,all,DB Nytmare,"fun game, decent graphics,  havent really ran into a person in open world yet, but when i do.. one of us will die."
,Not Recommended,327070,31076660,Posted: 11 April,all,Templar,Just bad..
76561198352646896,Recommended,327070,28615718,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,thoj1988,Help! i just recently bought this game and can't seem to get pass the loading screen after the character creation.
76561198199208069,Not Recommended,327070,23618064,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,The Bizzle,I'd like to start off by saying i do really like this game alot i think its ♥♥♥♥ing amazing the only issue im going to bring up in my review is the performance issues. FPS even with high end GPU's is very very bad people with cards such as the 800-900 and above series cards are getting 20-60fps and usually is as low as 12 FPS. Which is really disapointing i will return to this game probably when it's free but i dont see my self playing this until its all polished and fixed because i know for a fact people with low end GPU's will be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off.
,Not Recommended,327070,32758146,Posted: 24 June,all,EggyPlanet,Fun game but to laggy and buggy.
76561198114723179,Not Recommended,327070,29360554,Posted: 19 January,all,Woobies,Better games out there.  This one was too clunky.
,Not Recommended,327070,31029769,Posted: 8 April,all,Creamy Placenta,Look. It's pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,327070,24231792,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Mireal,laggy mess disgusting
76561198204948100,Not Recommended,327070,23978207,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Nazgul-,Not worth
,Not Recommended,327070,31293705,Posted: 22 April,all,Zaqar,Refund.
76561198133307009,Not Recommended,327070,29081367,Posted: 7 January,all,Shadowless20,♥♥♥♥ing game sucks like wtf was yall thinking the fighting is carbage like wtf i played bad games but this take the cake ♥♥♥♥ing game not wroth 20$
,Not Recommended,327070,24015898,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,SonGong,boring and laggy as ♥♥♥♥
76561197971286895,Not Recommended,327070,23478293,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,killjoy,"I had no performance issues whatsoever. Unfortunately, the combat in this game is archaic. I feel like im playing a game from 2003 here. The hitboxes are so sloppy, the response time is far too delayed and the archery system is probably the worst I have ever experienced. There seems to be alot here for rpg fanatics or hardcore roleplayers, but mechanically the game is just plain sloppy."
76561198092525729,Not Recommended,327070,23972294,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Lamn22,"its good if you have the most powerful internet/wifi in the world VERY laggy i cant leave the starting area because of invisable walls... and because of this, in my opinion this game sucks and is a waste of money"
76561198109839815,Not Recommended,327070,29638543,Posted: 1 February,all,munirkhoury_98,not buying yet.
76561198119402646,Not Recommended,327070,24240061,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Marshyy,"theres nothing to say about this game except one thing, its Runescape but ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. its nothing like what it shows in the video, i wanted to be PVPing instead i look like an autistic farmer killing his livestock... on the plus side i will invest my £14.99 into an actual runescape membership, so i can enjoy getting cancer from another♥♥♥♥♥♥game"
76561198029933516,Not Recommended,327070,23577125,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Ksaxo,"The solid, well thought and well animated bug-free combat system is the keystone for this kind of games, and therefore it MUST be fully finished before any more gameplay elements are implemented.Well, it is not. And chances are - it will never be.Refund."
76561198064745818,Not Recommended,327070,23506908,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,apex.Baldylord,"At this point I really cant suggest this game to anyone. It took over 24 hours for me to be able to login at all, and even then it was unplayable on a decently powerful PC. Yes I know its in early access, but a game should have a certain amount of playability before it's offered to the public."
76561198015271039,Not Recommended,327070,23933657,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Barbarossa Bey,"I awaited a long time before I made this review, but I gave them many chances to improve however all they do is disappoint.The game is fun, but the amount of bugs and not to mention, server issues are horrendous.Server maintenance 12 times a day sounds like a perfecy way to interupt gaming.Tournaments also have many disadvantages for players with poor internet connections; not to mention a lot of people cheat to make their team win. But developers don't want to understand because there is no east european person making these complaints.My main issue against developers is that they are racist. Because of my background, all my bug reports and complaints are completely ignored. Evidence of that check Steam discussions.On the other hand I have noticed East Europeans get more favor than other people. Same traits as Naval Action's developers.. using favoritism to keep a big batch of supporters close. This particular batch will most likely downvote my review.But what can you do.. apprently communism still has a big influence over the minds of many brainless in that part of the world.PS. How many poalacks does it take to fix a lightbulb?Answer: Unknown."
,Not Recommended,327070,32050589,Posted: 29 May,all,inosk0pedjfk,"Almost a year later and still a buggy, clunky mess. Spend your $20 elsewhere."
76561198130300763,Recommended,327070,23597675,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Erex,"i liek dis gaem first time experincearino:1. spawned in a town and  found a guy wearing a bear man wolf guy cape, claimed him to be our leader2. gather other noobers to follow our new mighty leader bear wolf man guy cape3. died by gaurdz and winnie the pooh saw leader died try to steal his cape but failed10/10 would do again, i would give this review 3 boobers up if i was the chick from total recall"
76561198132138756,Not Recommended,327070,27748273,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,2FA Ben,"This game has good mechanics and content but they need to drop the player looting other players, you work hard on a quest to get a nice item then your get teamed up on by 6 guys and you lose it to them, they just need to drop pvp looting completely and forget about it."
76561198013654923,Not Recommended,327070,26132981,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,doogleburg08,"This game is very under developed and lacks the essential elements that make a game fun. Gameplay is choppy, slow and seems to go nowhere."
,Not Recommended,327070,30271067,Posted: 1 March,all,sadcow,eh
,Not Recommended,327070,23499876,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Mr Retro,Game is broken and the devs are very shady. Believe me when I say they will abandon this game first time they see things not working out as planned. They already used some dirty marketing tactics and acted as though they had no idea what was going on.All that aside though the game is so dang boring that I was watching tv while playing. There is nothing to do and the models and animations are not that great either. Its a really horrible attempt at life is feudal
76561198088017327,Not Recommended,327070,23557140,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Saluko,"Stuttering and laggy gameplay, topped off with the worst combat system I've ever played. Not worth checking out even as an early access game ."
,Not Recommended,327070,32006645,Posted: 27 May,all,ShrimpoKnight 🖖 🤔,LOL
,Not Recommended,327070,23548279,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,discombobulated1,this is ed stafford's idea of a meal bug on bug on bug on bug if you have a lower end pc stay away for a long time this needs alot of work
,Recommended,327070,31189703,Posted: 16 April,all,Pearse,Jätta bra
,Not Recommended,327070,23508439,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,SkunkIE,The game runs at 60fps but feels like 11fps; the games movements are very slow and no direction whats so ever when you start out; I would wait another 6months or so before trying. Refunded!
,Not Recommended,327070,23491246,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,haagen - at work,Need a LOT of fixes.And only one EU West server... always full.
76561198000067678,Not Recommended,327070,23515772,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Galactic Pimp,IT'S A TRAP!
,Not Recommended,327070,23616253,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,$assy,Fette drit
,Recommended,327070,25607319,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Sirk,it's ok i guess i havent really played it
76561198149095313,Not Recommended,327070,23643008,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Bacon,DO NOT BUY THIS GAMEIts been in early access since you were born. Devs dont do♥♥♥♥♥♥ Game is hella buggy.
76561198012151070,Not Recommended,327070,23559229,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Scopius,"I KNOW ITS AN EARLY ACCESS GAME BUT THAT DOESNT EXCUSE IT.My experience: Started game, walked out of the town i was in and immediately died by other played who were far higher levels than me while i was only level 1. Had a massively clunky melee combat system however i didnt mind the ranged one. Wondered around for about an hour and didn't find any quests or anything to guide me. All i did was gather some wood and find some high level npcs and player which lead to me dying. It is full of bugs. I crashed about 5 times in an hour of playing (which i expected.I had multiple frame rate issues also and i have a high end pc and i was only running it on around medium, the graphics are shoddy at best. In its current form i don't recommend picking this game up unless you expect it to be serverely improved."
,Not Recommended,327070,23525929,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,..,Needs a little bit of more work
76561197978832149,Not Recommended,327070,23526860,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,flinteryk,"Ive tried on 5 attempts to play this game only 2 of which even booted properly, they do take the servers down with little warning alot for quick patches which is nice but also gets really annoying. the game lags like mad and patching cuases some new problems ex: most people were getting a hang up on steam trying to log into the game automaticlly for them but when they fixed it all tents and towers in game dissapeared they are still there just cant see them. lag seems to be getting worse as i cant even move 10ft before rubber banding now.granted the game is very early access so there is some leeway here for them however currently the game does not have much to offer, theres crafting and gathering resources from hunting and mining cutting trees ect some combat but just bare bones right now.all and all id have to give the game a 4/10 but expect this to rise in the next few months."
76561197970664849,Not Recommended,327070,23508787,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Major,Honestly can't find anything about this game worth recommending it.
,Not Recommended,327070,23502441,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,beavisblack,I dont know what the **** im doing iv been an MMO gamer for a couple of years and this was the first time i got killed by a bore.10/bore Would bore again.
,Not Recommended,327070,23946166,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Meech,I don't see where the fun was lol.. but potential.
76561198004904189,Not Recommended,327070,23525640,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,big spock,Loading simulator 2016
76561198008818553,Not Recommended,327070,23563762,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Slim Pickens,"Run around slashing and looting.  Craft.  Rinse and repeat.  No skill or thought process required.  How this genre, if there really is one, ever became popular is beyond me.  Thank you Steam refund policy...yes I will gladly take my money back."
,Not Recommended,327070,23519890,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,alex,"This game, it it's current state, is horrible. The combat and controls are clunky, the AI is bugged. I wouldn't reccomend until it's finished."
76561198079009494,Not Recommended,327070,23513684,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,infusion_tv,got the game played 17 min and asked for refund game is trash
76561198143363965,Not Recommended,327070,26631669,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Twistedgamer,This game is just a really bad online version of skyrim i recommend getting that game not this one
76561198008254177,Not Recommended,327070,26603425,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Wulfgar,Crap!! DONT BUY IT!
,Not Recommended,327070,23479998,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Ball Of Hate,Super early accessCombat feels slow and clunkyjumping looks really weirdBot enemies are really boring to fightPVP feels sparce (at least in the early game I didn't give it a terribly long play)Almost all those other things I could of let slide but putting on a hat made my beard disapear like why even give customization as an option if its not gonna show?
,Not Recommended,327070,23595055,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Moonlight Bandit,10/10 IGN~Best servers AUBest graphics AUBest building systeam AUBest lens flares AUTop quality game would was $20 AUD again♥♥♥♥ this game it is the apitimy of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ cancer patient that has a deformed hand and tries to diddle his fiddle and makes pancakes with his human♥♥♥♥♥♥Top quality banter but is waste of money i would rather stick my♥♥♥♥♥♥into a toaster then play this for another hour!!!
76561198306743858,Not Recommended,327070,23501447,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,dfuzion2,i wasted my time playing the game money paying for itcome back in a few years when its altealst controller compatible gameplay is shocking my pc is doubleur recomended specs and its still so bugging and glitchy its unreal think i will stick to ark a properly made game
,Not Recommended,327070,23644103,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Yamkaizer,I have buyer's remorse. Aw I am so sad :(
,Not Recommended,327070,28092310,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Squizzy,no
,Not Recommended,327070,23493074,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Moarty,"The game is really bad.It said I was averaging 60 fps, but it played like I was getting about 4. Everything was bad and clunky. Maybe in another 5 or 6 years it may be something halfway playable.Unless you just want to blow the money, do not buy."
76561198047013849,Not Recommended,327070,23492953,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,HeisenBorg,I played this game for only a few minutes and that's really all it took to realize that this game is a knock off attempt at a game... refunded.
,Not Recommended,327070,30313374,Posted: 4 March,all,Nekromancer,...................................................................................................................................................................................................no......just......no.......................................................................................................................................................................
76561198010090939,Not Recommended,327070,24460339,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,grahamstreet7,Do not buy this game !!
76561198310115300,Not Recommended,327070,23481601,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Little,Boring as ♥♥♥♥.....
,Not Recommended,327070,24338465,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Mekki,NOPE! JUST NOPE..............
,Not Recommended,327070,23525706,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,American Propaganda,"I bought this game with my friends and we were all going to play together. Unfortunately when we all created our characters and loaded in, I couldn't even play. When I moved one step from where I spawn in, the game immediately crashes. My friends still played and they say its an awesome experience though I wish I could play with them. I have filled out a report on the forums and two requests via email. I have also restarted my operating system and had a friend message a developer. All of these things and I still am not able to play. I have not received on word of help from my requests and even after restarting my OS I can't even play. At it's current state I find the experience horrible and unplayable for obvious reasons that I have stated in this review. This is just my experience and I know lots of other people who enjoy the game, but I just can't say the same as of right now."
76561198041009856,Not Recommended,327070,28589002,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,The Lex Express,Pile of♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,327070,23478209,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Housecar,If you wanted to play today you can't just yet. you will get stuck at 90% wait until a patch to fix that bug comes out before you buy
,Not Recommended,327070,23678963,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Jak,"Wouldn't even get past the loading screen and I have a beast setup, rip."
,Not Recommended,327070,23654577,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Grapist,"Game is currently unplayable, to many issues. they cant even get down the saving of your level progression. only purchase this ""project"" if you intend on wasting hours and hours helping them make a game."
76561198052190386,Not Recommended,327070,23482931,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,sctt033,"Garbage, I am not one to bash an alpha cause its just that alpha, and i understand we are paying for the support, but no where does this even feel like a game of anything of the past 20 years, the animation is poor, the graphics are poor, the combat EXTREMELY uninspired and boring. I bet everquest 1 pre alpha was in a better state than this. Do not buy unless you feel you need to absolutely back the company."
76561198164408739,Not Recommended,327070,32098372,Posted: 31 May,all,Alakazam.exe,"Well, people critisized me for only playing the game for 0.2 hours, so I went back and played just a little longer. I was even more disapointed.PvP was a joke, a guy killed me without even moving, I was told to continue to kill bandits until the tracker bar broke and I kept doing it aimlessly for a few minutes, and then when I went to town to try to buy something, I couldnt, even though I had the right amount of money.But it gets better, I thought! So many people disliked my first post enough to prove that! So I continued along until I met some NPCs, who spoke almost completely in profanity, and had a small and hard to access text area.My opinion of this game has not changed."
76561198033755040,Not Recommended,327070,23530667,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Cik,"Wiat 6 months.  I spent 2-hours trying to get on one of the few servers, and from the West US with a high-end comupter and Fiber connection, was unable to.  2-hours trying several servers, being met with 'connecting...' without actually connecting.The product is a logging simulator.  I'm trying to get a refund."
,Not Recommended,327070,23623209,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Tr1_ple,"No,beacuse this game makes this game laggy and every body kills you its not fun."
,Not Recommended,327070,23498207,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,SpectroGen Everelax,This game Suck and after Dev he gonna always suck Don't Buy it !
,Not Recommended,327070,23516999,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,GeneralMcFatass (AkA) Retard,the ♥♥♥♥ing moment when you ♥♥♥♥ing sit there days trying to get a good sword then get swarmed and lose it instantly dont buy it!!!
76561198191317717,Not Recommended,327070,30026195,Posted: 18 February,all,Aesthetic,eh
76561198063796932,Not Recommended,327070,23645372,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,LnwZa_007,♥♥♥♥♥game with Bug
76561198345591978,Not Recommended,327070,30436268,Posted: 10 March,all,1andrew.myatt,open world PVP is for 14 year olds......... game is a waste of time !
,Not Recommended,327070,23476889,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Rou,"Absolute trash. I can't even get into a server, it's infinitely loading. Another garbage early access title. I can't believe I gave these people my money.  I should have known from the fact that the devs couldn't even be bothered to prepare for launch and were over 24 hours late for their launch date. Hopefully I can get my money refunded.What a waste of valuable time, Reign of Kings all over again. This game will probably be dead in a few months anyways. The population was near-dead before the steam launch. The combat looked like a major incompetent lagfest from the trailer and gameplay videos. Apparently the devs can't even get basic networking, lag compensation, entity interpolation and prediction right. So have fun building your indie MMORPG.Good luck with your trash game. Hopefully I can get a refund.Edit: Apparently the community likes to spam ""r**tard"" and *f**got"" at you in-game when you critisize the game. Even though I hadn't targeted or insulted any specific person, or the community beforehand. I only critisized the game. But they decide it's okay to spam a bunch of personal insults at me. Such a great, friendly and mature community. This really encourages me to repurchase this game at a later date. /sarcasmNot a community I want to be a part of. Isn't that the largest reason to play an MMORPG over a single player game, having other players around?I wanted to like the game. Why else would I buy it? In concept, it has a lot of the concepts that make up my dream game. It's just the execution and launch was extremely sloppy. Combat especially is egregious. This is the result of 2 years and kickstarter funds? Oh well.Early Access and Alpha isn't an excuse. If you're charging money for a game, then it's automatically open to criticism."
,Not Recommended,327070,24029708,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Xeroxinator,I really wanted to like this game but it sucks so I dont.10/10 would tell this story again.
76561198084121367,Not Recommended,327070,23638024,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Akibosoy,"LIARS!Don't give them money they have stolen mine! I demand my money back pls. the graphic are worse than dayz and the game is as boring as the old dayz, and have lied about building castles when you just get the stuff to make it! i hope the devs don't lie anympre because tha is mean.Noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo love sam x"
,Not Recommended,327070,23535189,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Bludjackal,>Download game>go to make character>stats wont show so I can allocate>uninstall and refunded
76561198087420773,Not Recommended,327070,23563956,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,IGOTAKSTHESIZEOFFKINMINIVANS,its poop 3/14.7
,Not Recommended,327070,23475974,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Jehan,Cant even login - Same EA different title. To much problems on launch! Maybe I will pick it up another time when it actually works.
,Not Recommended,327070,23476653,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Febfourteen,DO NOT BUY IT.  Stuck at the loading screen and nobody would help you. Shiitty company go ♥♥♥♥ yourself
76561198027573661,Recommended,327070,25094456,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,AOD_Danny_Keating,"Thought i would take a chance and buy this game, i was not dissappointed! at first i thought what the hell am i doing!?!? but with a helpful community i continued to understand what needed to be done. This isnt a game for people who think its an easy game and its all handed to you, you have to grind and craft, then do it again. Such a brilliant game i would recommend this game to anyone who thinks they are a good gamer and likes to pvp! i could go on and on about this game but i will let you discover it for yourself! dont hesitate! Just buy it!P.S. Choose Ismir's Faction! Midlanders are scum XD"
,Recommended,327070,24561399,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Dohfugwimee,Very short time playing so consider review with that in mind.Needs work - Needs optimization.Like idea .. will just let game cook some more before I play again
,Recommended,327070,24638439,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Youngboy007,"A game with complex crafting, open world PVP, castle sieges, town raids and dungeons. Many more exciting features are to come soon but the cons of this game are its lag at times and that's the only problem. I would recommended this game!"
76561198202313782,Recommended,327070,23524148,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Fong,"Ok so before i did not recomend it, after spending about 50 more hours i realised that it is well worth the 20 dollars. The current content itself is amzing and fullfilling, the main plus side is that its still in early access and the content is already alot, and they are adding boats, more servers, horses, changing combat system, refining crafting, the content is there, it just needs to be refined and fixed. That being said there are many down sides to the game, there arent alot of servers compared to the amount of players comming in and joining, expecially or teh canadian servers, the servers constantly go down for maintenance, they always have memory leaks and such, but the servers are usully up they just go down for maintenance of theys tay down max 2 hours. The game is very relied on teaming with your fellow nation memebers and raiding or levling up together, even tho that being said, you dont need friends to play the game, you can simply join the server and ask anyone to help you, or if you can raid or level up with them, alot of parties around the games will invite you, its easy as ♥♥♥♥  find new frinds in teh game because its so tem based eveyroen is looking for friends.Pros:-A potato can run this game (on al low settings, doesnt ruin gameplay)-Tons of content for an early ccess game-Team Based objectives (Personally i enjoy)-Huge player base!-Somewhat nice community-Crafting system-Raiding and looting system-Player to player trade system-Nice graphics-Large map-Fully custom play style (there is no certain gear set and play style tht is the best above all, evyerthing is balanced you just play by your own stlye)-Very nice archery system (better than in most games)-Combat takes skill and timing-Variety of mobs and enemies to keep your busy-Encourages PVP-ACTIVE DEVS (this is very important, unlike many EA ames these devs work around the clock and re really active, they have released numerous patches and fixes just within this first eek of EA!, the are always checkign forums and discussions for feedback and reports of bugs and glitches)-Play first or thrid person (optimized zooming)Cons:-Servers are weak asf (flutcuation in ping, freezing, always restrting, not enough servers, and in some cases just goes down and doesnt come back up)-Hit detection and combat is off-Many glitches and bugs-Crafting may be a bit unbalanced-at higher levels its a bit too grindy (your typical mmorpg)-Very team based (you can go lone wolf but you wont get to far)-No voice chatIn all its an amzing game, they are upgrading it daily and the devs are active with the community, its soooo worth 20 dollars considering the content packed in it. Again its in its first week of EA dont expect too too much.7/10 at its current state."
76561198072485016,Recommended,327070,23482589,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,PlagueB,"Edit: Changed my mind after many hour of gameplay. The game has a certain depth once you start figuring our the the world around you. My comments below still stand, and this is work in progress. But devs have proven to be extremly dedicated and community is rapidly growing so that GV is acctually getting a ""soul"" right now. Thumbs up. And I'm growing used to this combat, its not that bad.Old version when I didnt recomment it (many things still stand).Here is a short and honest one.- The game is in deep alpha state and full of bugs. Those with no patience should stay away (and that would be 99.9% of Steam population)- There is nothing much to do yet ingame, again due to it being alpha, besides some crafting and some combat. Since wipes are going happen there is no point in doing anything serious and dedicated- A sandbox without player housing? No. Just my 2 cents.And now for the game elements:- Graphics - okish. Nothing spectacular but for a sandboxy game ok.- Sound - rudimentary- Animation - Not good- Combat - Trying to be good but very clunky. Reminds a bit of some other games in the market which is good but still a long way from publicly sellable product- Crafting - Looks good-ish. What I'm missing is the quality of the ingredients, an oakenwood weapon should be a bit better than pinewood weapon in my opinion. It is trying to be complex but it is in fact simple, grindy and luck based. Level 10 can make item X, gather items Y and Z to make X, click hundred times to get a result. Many of the recipes are still bugged like bags for example (which are more important than steel armor for new starters if I may add). But one can have some fun and be pleased about wearing the armor he or she personally madeGathering - node based. Just no! Node based gathering is for theme parks and not for sanboxes. My 2 cents.And that is it! Its early alpha state, pretty playable when servers are not on strike and sandbox fans might get their money's worth (20$ only) over the next few weeks of fun. But without player housing and clan owned territories (which is what I consider main elements of medieval sandboxes) the fun might be of short breath. And node based gathering is simply a letdown.I'm not going to ask for a refund, I'm sticking with them to see what they will come up with in the next year. But I cannot recommend this game at the moment to anyone except the ones with most patience and with very low expectations. Good luck.Edit after two days of playing:- The map is simply too small to host anything over 100 players. And I remember clearly a thread where devs promised over 150 players per map. Those are tiny!- The grind is insane.- Take a bow and farm lvl13 sailors = lvl20 before you can say Early Access. Bows are broken with current AI. And since its directional hitbox they hit every time when you land an arrow (unless an npc is blocking). Shield up? Shoot them in the legs. I acctually like this but compared to melee this is plain silly broken and needs major tweaking. And thers is no bow ammo (!!!), consider all bows laser-bows with unlimited ammo:) How about introducing arrows so that crafting can get more depth. Oak arrows more damage, ash bigger range etc.- At current state all materials are the same. Oak is equal to pine. Not very sandboxy in my opinion. I would like to see oak stafs do more damage and oak be rares than ash or pine.Gathering recipes from NPCs was fun-ish for a while. But now I know that PVE is pure grind and that this game needs to shine in PVP or not exist at all. Curent state of PVP is broken, tournaments are broken and raids are kind of bugged. I guess this will be fixed soon.Also boats were shown in some of the videos. Those are not needed at all, the map is so small and there is only one island that boats are irrelevant."
76561197964331372,Recommended,327070,25415648,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Cinders,"*Update after months on hiatusSo the game is much smoother, the quests are organized, and the tooltips have been sorted.  Combat is greatly improved.Pros:The world seems vast and I feel like I'm truly exploring roaming some foggy valleys and shorelines.I like hitting people over the head with my axeCrafting is serious looking with a lot of levels to itNumbers in combat mean you will likely win even over better equipped opponentsCons:Combat is monotonous.  Hit, block, hit, hit, block.Running is omnidirectional, so people strafe around crazily while swinging.  It's a game, but looks lame af to see a guy running backwards while swinging forward.  I suppose that's the style wanted or perhaps the devs never swung an axe at a log in their life.In the end, the game looks like a MMO Skyrim in many ways.  I can see there are PVP fights over land and claming towns.  But I don't have any vested interest early on.  I walk around, there are random NPCs standing on the sides of mountains that will duly attack me when I approach.  The same formula in different settings doesn't really do it for me.  Even if I achieve levels, glory, and equipment... what's the point?  I do the strafing/fighting against another player until one of us is dead?  I take land that will then spawn random NPCs that will try to brain me if I walk past?This game would be great for people that know what they like.  MMORPGs, I suspect.  You fight enemies and level up and that's the point.  For people like me... I'm not interested in grinding NPCs to heap on shiny equipment so I can circle-strafe in PvP so I can take a piece of land that has mindless NPCs standing around on it."
,Recommended,327070,23506937,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,ViciV,I would review the game properly if I could login for more than 5 minutes. The 5 minutes I got ingame was a micro stuttering mess. Updates have made it playable.
76561198005631883,Not Recommended,327070,23927249,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,CtaCuo,Low Fantasy Medieval MMORPG .The game is okey and the devs trying to improve it but sadlly i would not recomend the game at the current stage.Maybe in the future i will change my Review.
76561198143319233,Not Recommended,327070,26115456,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Ghost Rider,Still worst optimization and bug simulator dont buy this shıt. No hope for this garbage game.
76561198051771191,Recommended,327070,23541208,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,SOSAツ,"Really good game for an early access. It also has a really nice community and developers are frequently updating the game, if you like a medieval themed game this is made for you."
76561198015787552,Not Recommended,327070,23594537,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Disconnected,This game is the reason I dont purchase early access games anymore.
,Recommended,327070,23753529,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Loki,"This is a great game and can really go places, but its nothing but PVP, now the PvP is amazing but theres nothing there to support it, you will attack when you have numbers & idle when you dont.  there is very little  PvE in this game at this time.Now that the Combat & Animation update are out the devs are really putting some work into its other features like the 3rd nation, hopefully with this we will see more supporting content come to the game.Id like to say that the devs do a great job, but their focus is completely off of what is already in-game and not completely finished. The PvP is great, the community a little salty but still aweasome, its everything else that adds to the experience of the game thats off."
