user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198143579362,Not Recommended,327090,20807761,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Kraft51,"where to start ... i guess i'll start with the prosPros:- graphically the game looks great- runs smooth, performance is good for it only being 9 months old- very good dev team, although i didn't get to speak with any of them (i'll get to that later)- siege warfare PVP (not my thing but still very cool)- boats and gliders, come on thats cool ;)- minor player progression (player gets Efficiencies which affect how much mats you collect in a single hit, or how fast you can craft)Cons:- UI needs an overhaul, top to bottom ... easily the most tedious i've encountered. nothing is clearly outlined, gear slot icons are so faded its hard to tell what item goes into the slot. and since the UI is the one element the player interacts with the most, this is a problem-hit detection is awful, you have to litterally hug a tree to chop it down and the character's swing doesn't line up with the reticle- the character movement feel a little clunky and stiff- every NA server is dead, and even the EU servers cap out at 9 players during peak play times.- player population of the game is only 62 players, and after 9 months i'd expect that to at least be in the 100s- PVE servers are complete dead zones, metal ores don't respawn as they should, in one server i had to swim to 3 different islands before i found my first copper ore node (and that was the only one i found)- resouce costs seemed rather steep, but i didn't get chance to progress very far to see if it balanced out due to lack of metals- every server has hundreds of half built abortions for bases consuming any decent spot to set up in, with no way to remove them. now instead of sucking it up for a server wipe to clean these servers up the community threatened the devs to abandon the game if they did so ... what? ok- overall gameplay is rather stale after a couple hours, unless you are into the PVP then you have an objective other than to survive.- no wiki .... 9 months and not one player has even started a wiki for this game- and finally the biggest con of all .... the community. this community does not recieve new comers very well. one player had asked where to put the backpack in the character screen, instead of just answering the question and moving along, 2 of the community members started making fun of him and saying that he's stupid ... your basic bullying tactics. not a single moderator or dev appeared to intervene, apparently they condone this type of behaviour. i had asked why there wasn't any server wipes or resets, and the only answer i got was ""well we worked hard on our bases"" ... ok granted but this IS and EA game and things of this nature should really be expected, then one player(one of the 2 i mentioned above) started to try to bully me, lol, well after 2 or 3 of his posts i admit i'm guilty, i only kept posting to push his buttons ... well he quickly resorted to name calling and profanity (still no moderator in sight) then later on edited, and re-edited every one of his posts to seem more tame. it was a good laugh. then i made a thread asking where the moderators or the devs were, spoke with one player (the other one) who asked if i was wanting to be a mod ... not my thing, however i did offer to help set up a wiki for the game ..... my thread was deleted.i don't recommend this game simply due to a horrible community presence, the game itself has a great start and has great potential but don't expect to be ""allowed"" to contribute any criticisms because you will be harrassed on the forums.if you decide that you do want this game, i strongly suggest scanning their forums first.i can't really say much in part of the devs themselves (other than they are doing a good job and they work hard on their game) as i didn't have a chance to actually speak with one, even briefly."
,Not Recommended,327090,17816099,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Maxx_Powerbomb,"2 buddies and I got this game, got weapons and armor and built a base that had 5 wooden doors which we thought might keep us alittle safe. A bandit in bronze armor came, chopped through our doors in under a minute and killed us just as quick. 3 men with non-bronze armor  stood NO chance against 1 man in bronze armor. When the bandit learned that it would be 2 real life days before he could get any loot he left to go kill fresh spawns. We upgraded our doors to metal with what little bronze we could find but that only slowed him down alittle when he came back to kill us. Which he did easily.Cons-Raiding requires that you capture and hold an enemy base for upto 72 real life hours before you get any loot for your efforts unless you destroy the builders desk.-Building isn't effected by gravity so you can build a base so high in the air it cannot be attacked with a treb. making raiding it impossible.-The boat requires spamming the Use buttons on both paddles so your boating experiance is you staring at paddles.-A man can burn your boat with a torch so if your out on your boat coming back to land and you see someone on the beach you MUST murder them or they may burn your boat.-Murdering people increases your fighting stats promoting Kill On Sight-Getting tired from sprinting plays an audio clip of a man thats out of breath but in the recording you can hear static and the recording itself cut off like it was recorded on a tape player.-Textures are rough and I get half the FPS that I do on Rust which looks far better.-On the servers that I played on the mines were mostly controlled by clans in bronze armor that killed anyone who got near the mine so getting ore was near impossible.-No server admins and the /report function didn't seem to do anything so expect the chat to be filled with racism/homophobic talk.-Until you level up your resource gathering is very slow.-Animal AI is laughable as I shoot a rhino and it runs around a few seconds before stopping like nothing happened. All animals can easily be out run and pose little threat. Hunting is nothing more than a grind to get the materials you need.-Plants (Such as flax) always grow in the same spot so experianced players farm it all out while noobs can never seem to find any.-Everyone spawns in on the same somewhat small island that cannot support the amount of players on it so lack of resources and starvation is common.-Doors provide little to no protection so expect to log into a base with no doors or bed because anyone with a rock can break through a wood door.-Healing is done by eating food and the healing is instant so if your fighting run away for a moment, eat some food and instantly be back at 100%. While being raided we shot the raiders with bows but they just hid behind a rock and healed so it quickly became boring.-There is no base decay so the landscape is littered with bases which decreases your FPS. I have been near large bases which tanked my FPS from 50 down to 10 so if you build a big base you will be penalized by a large FPS drop.pros-You can burn stuff with a torch."
,Recommended,327090,23667631,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Tommy Smith,"Out of Reach is by far the best survival game i've played. I have almost 700 hours in game and have played the game for about 9 months. It is pirate themed game where you have been shipwrecked on tropical islands. Just like most survival games you have to gather food and resources to keep you alive and build up a base. Depending on the type of server you play your experiance will change.PvE:~ No PvP~ Harder to find areas to build as there is no raiding~ Good way to learn the game before starting PvP~ Some players like to roleplay and trade~ Players are more friendlyStandard:~ PvP enabled~ Raiding enabled~ Hardest gather speed~ Resources are more valuable~ Base protection (depending on the resources invested) between 3 hours - 3 days~ Slower paced in terms of development~ More spaces to build- Players will either attack you or help you(My opinion the best type of server to play as I find it the most fun)PvP:~ PvP enabled~ Raiding enabled~ Easiest gather speed (up to x5)~ Resources are less valuable~ Base protection (depending on the resources invested) between 1 minute - 15 minutes~ Faster paced~ Usually very built up~ You're most likely going to die alot if you havn't played the game beforeThis game is very unique to other games such as Rust and Ark. Yes it isn't as developed as these games or as popular but personally I have played Rust and would recommend this game over it. Rust doesn't give me the rush I have when playing this game. PvP in this game is a little glitchy and can have some improvements in terms of smoothness however it gets me really hyped and me and my group really enjoy PvP in this game. Whereas compared to Rust you could walk around and get one shotted from 100m away and not know where he was or have any way to fight back. However in this game you have to choose carefully what armour you choose and sometimes combine the different tiers of armour to fit your purpose. In this game you can be a slow tank walking around in metal armour or a fast archer running in leather armour.Resource gathering is very painful, just like any survival game, the grind is hard but it adds more value to it. This game requires lots of hard decision making on 'Shall I bring this armour out?' 'Do I want to carry this must resources with me at once or shall I take multiple trips?' However with the animations when farming it can be very fun. Such as falling trees when they run out of use instead of vanishing like Rust. Or possibly the breaking  up of stones when rocks are no longer filled with stones to give you.Crafting in this game is very unique. You require different tools and crafting areas to make tools. But what makes this game even more interesting is the fact you have to load an anvil with a casted part from your furnace and physically hit it with a hammer until it is shaped. Something I havn't seen any other game do.And my favourite part, raiding. I have never felt so satisfied raiding in any survival game other than this game. There is a range of ways to infiltrate a base: trebuchet, glider, seige projectiles. Sometimes you have to use all of them to bring down a base. They all have their strengths and weaknesses and makes the game great!One of the cons of the game is map size. The map can't really fit 30 or more players in it. There aren't many spawn points so you find new spawns running into eachother, one getting killed and then refunding the game. Although there are plans for new islands and improving spawn locations.This game is heavily worked on and the devs are very open to the community on suggestions and advise. I have seen features I have requested implemented in this game and bugs I have reported fixed within a patch.Lastly there is only one issue I have with this game, population, many people buy the game on sale and refund it without giving it a chance. Most just say 'rust is better' and leave within 5 minutes of joining. Or people get so mad that they lose a base and quit the game completely. I have seen this alot and it is sad to see as this is such a good game. Most just need to get over it and start again and improve what got them killed last time. That is the best attitude to have.Honestly you should stop reading reviews and give the game a go, you will not be disappointed.If you have any questions about the game add me on steam or would like some help starting out do the same."
76561198030998343,Recommended,327090,32240222,Posted: 7 June,all,Negan,"The game is pretty fun. I love the exploring, and crafting. The graphics are fairly decent, however, the buildings need a lot of love. All the textures tend to blend too much - need more/better textures.It would be nice to be able to place the lantern as well as craft tables and other decorative items.The boat is fun, but unless you upgrade to steam, you have to do a lot of clicking. A sail would be nice. Also, it would be nice to be able to place a lantern on the bow.Avitars need a lot of love as well - they look dumb.  More clothing items needed. Let us craft pants, shirts hats and boots from cloth and leather - and be able to skin em.The cave on the main island is fun to explore. Maybe hide some treasure in there as well. Add gold that can be mined too, that can me melted in the furnace to make jewelry and armor, or even coins!all in all, it's fun, but tedious. I think OOR has a lot of pontential."
76561198048545615,Recommended,327090,17609324,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,About 88 Ninjas,"I have been shopping around for a good survival game after a brief brush with Day Z, and have been putting a lot of thought into the different game options out there. I'm happy to say I finally pulled the trigger on Out of Reach a couple of weeks ago, and believe I made a great decision. Good enough to write my first review anyways!I wanted to be sure I had the hang of the game, as I heard crafting menus were strange and certain combat aspects were glitchy. I joined a pretty low-key server at the bottom of the list just to be sure my sub-par ""gaming"" laptop could handle it. So far so good, and the low population server is great because I'm not pressured to defend myself, grind for competing resources, or worry about how well my base is constructed. Whether you view low player count as a positive or negative, I do feel pretty lonely when I'm 1/75 spots available...With only 9.6 hours on record over the two week span (as of this review), I've progressed much further than I anticipated. Instead of constantly griding to survive, I've spent a good chunk of time crafting useful items, exploring, getting plowed by rhinos, and investigating some of the abandoned bases that those before me have left behind. Just the other day, the devs released gliders, which will allow you to fly around the map. I haven't had the chance to try it out, but it is nice to see notable updates already.If you're looking for a great survival type game, this is it. I'm really excited to see what other features are released in the future, and hope I'm able to convince some fellow gamers to join in and populate these servers. There is so much potential to be shared, and I hope this has provided a bit of insight from a somewhat casual gamer's perspective.EDIT: I revised/removed my original (and unfair) comments comparing it to Day Z."
76561198079368568,Recommended,327090,17500358,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,ÇÒȘMÍÇ,"""Смотрите русский перевод ниже""It is a very nice survival game to play. It's still on alpha test, but surprisingly well polished for an early alpha though. You can craft tools, weapons and equipment from stone, bones, bronze & steel. It's an open world with caves and a few islands. You can travel in between islands by boat or swim to some of the islands. You can build a small cozy house, bigger base or even a castle if you determine enough. Make your own Tribe/Clan if you feel this way. Also, you can make your own garden to grow berries, flux fiber or wheat. Fishing is also been implemented. You can also find a pirate chests with some gold coins and wheat seeds inside as well.If you into killing you'll need to get used to in game mechanics first. It's quite hard to get that bow skill, but you can master it in a few weeks.Mostly people in game are friendly and there is no constant ""killing on side"".The skills system is also under development, but already implemented.Overall, I would recommend this game for anyone who likes survival games with a great community and no modern weapons.Please consider though that this game is still under development, so you may discover a new bugs. However, developers are very quick on fixing the issues and you can see them on the server asking for what they can improve. Quite impressive if you ask me.Only the official servers are available and plenty to chose from, from normal, to PvP and PvE. We never had wipes before, no random admins either.______________________________________________________________Это очень интересная survival игра. Она все еще на стадии альфа теста, но довольно отполирована для ранней альфы. Вы можете создать разнообразные инструменты, оружие и снаряжение  из камня, костей, бронзы или стали. Это открытый мир с пещерами и несколькими островами. Вы можете путешествовать на лодке или переплыть на некоторые из островов самостоятельно. Вы можете создать маленький уютный дом, базу или даже замок если у вас хватит терпения. Создайте свое племя/клан если вам так захочется. Так же, вы можете посеять свой огород с ягодами, льном или пшеницей. Рыбалку тоже уже сделали. Вы также можете найти пиратские сундуки с золотыми монетами и семенами пшеницы.Если вам больше по нраву убивать, то сначало вам надо привыкнуть к механике в игре. Это довольно сложно по началу, быть точным с луком, но практикуясь вы сможете отточить свой навык в течение пары недель.Большинство народу в игре доброжелательные и нету частого kos, убийства при встрече.Система навыков находится на стадии разработки, но уже присутствует в игре.В целом, я рекомендую эту игру всем, кому по нраву survival жанр без современного оружия и с отличным комюнити.Пожалуйста имейте ввиду, что игра еще в стадии разработки, так что возможно вы сможете обнаружить баги. Однако, разработчики очень отзывчивые и исправляют их в кратчайшие сроки (24 часа). Вы часто сможете увидеть их онлайн интересующихся тем, что они могут исправить или улучшить. Довольно удивительное явление если вы спросите меня.Только официальные сервера доступны в настоящее время, от обычных до PvP и PvE. У нас не было еще вайпов или рандомных админов."
76561197986485218,Recommended,327090,28226816,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,[AM0K] Mister Fister,"Let me start by saying that this game is propably the most underrated game on steam.I am a veteran rust player with 1000+ hours on rust, and this game is giving everything that i always wanted from rust.The graphics are quite good, not great but really quite good, the devs keep updating the game and it is becoming better all the time. It is quite similar to rust as in crafting, building and overall mechanics, but with this little bit more.For example, you can just burn other players structures to the ground an totally and utterly destroy everything the player has worked for, wich is a big pro in so far, as this can be done to you too. This fact makes the game more unpredictable and more fun.You can also craft boats (including engines if you find the materials) and you can explore everything.But best is this stranded, piraty vibe to the game that makes it so different from any other survival game out there.Dont get me wrong, i love rust to bits, but this is just something else. Out of reach is superior in its own sectors.The only thing goofy (just to look at) is player movement and meele combat. But i recon they will soon come up with something.Also the crafting is genius. You actually have to forge stuff, by hitting it in the right spot while its lying on your anvil.This is the♥♥♥♥♥♥i was looking for.I would recommend this game any day, any time.To the devs: Keep going, you are making a fantastic game!"
,Recommended,327090,22855271,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,BRICKTOP,"Bought a new game today $14.99 - worth it so far. Only 5 hours in and having a blast. It reminds me of rust legacy only with a much larger map and crafting system. There are pvp and pve servers up - not a lot of players but lots to do. First and third person view with a hidden map that reveals as you explore. Base building with upgrades and a ""snap"" system that let's you be creative! I found a huge underground cavern and was three levels deep when I decided to turn back for fear of death due to lack of food. I haven't hunted successfully yet but the animals seem to be running in herds and quite fast! There are also steerable rafts and gliders so you can explore the ocean and the sky - If you're looking for a decent survival experience at a fair price check this out -http://steamcommunity.com/groups/survivalgaminginc==================EDIT: 5-20-16 - 260 hours in and still no regrets! Worth every penny ...==================EDIT: 6-1-16:200.5 hrs last two weeks / 326.7 hrs on record:I've learned a lot this last month and without a doubt this is one of my better investments. For $15 I've received over 300 hours of entertainment!Some fun times some sad times ...I've lived I've died I've been eaten by tigers and slayed by men.I've built massive bases explored caves gone sailing climbed mountains and I've even been deep sea diving! There are so many things to do in this game and with devs like we have I see a lot more to come.So if you're looking for a new survival game - You found it! - Join today(PVP / PVE / STD Servers available for all game play styles)Powered by:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/survivalgaminginc=================="
76561198123430126,Recommended,327090,22096410,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,muscar93,"PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE MAKE OFFLINE MODE , would turn this game from capable playing hours of a few to 100s."
76561197970838694,Recommended,327090,22041686,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Slightlymad,"Very good game and my favourite in the survival genre . Harder to master than most but probably the best PVP fun out there with glider bombers , ballista ships and trebutchets .Only issues are:-Player base extremly low.Devs listen to whiners & force through sometimes game breaking PVP updates.Devs dont seem to have a solid direction for the game. i.e is it steam punk or is it historic/classical"
,Recommended,327090,18957610,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,seer,"First play:PvE serverMet a player who had built a massive stone tower. Decided to form a clan, he taught me the basics, went off to an island and chose a beautiful spot to build a roman villa with an atrium.PvP serverI decided against making a house because I figured the players would be a bit more aggressive. They were far better armed than me, (armour, swords), 3-4 of them living in a fortress on a mountain.  So I lived as a wanderer, poaching deer and collecting berries out in the deserted areas during the day. At night I would creep into the area inhabited by a clan and forage around for unprotected things. They got pretty miffed firing arrows at me any time I was spotted, but nothing game-breaking, I could always run off if I needed to.Felt a bit like DayZ without the guns, in pvp people have territories of a sort where they do most of their activities. Just depends if/who you team up with.~~~They've very finely tuned the multiplayer aspect.Graphics should be pretty startling if you have a decent rig. Even on simple the foliage and sunrays/moonrays are impressive.It could do with a few more players, but there are enough to get along with already.Looks very promising, think this will be successful."
,Recommended,327090,19749221,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,jster35,"I bought this game back in September, and played it for around a week or so.  Eventually I became bored, having done basically everything you could on a pve server.  While I'm not that much into pvp, at that point in time that was the one thing keeping this game from becoming boring too fast.  Anyway, I logged on today and found a surprising amount of updates had been done, not only did the ui look much nicer, some bugs had been fixed (such as crashing when logging out) , and more content had been added.  All I can say is if this game continues in this direction, it will be an extremely fun game to play once it is finished."
76561197998342580,Not Recommended,327090,23875578,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Brubata,"One year in early access, and the most recent monthly patch added a torch holder to the extremely limited build menu.  A Torch Holder...   The really really small map size should limit this game to 10 players at a time (""M"" is for Mini in this MMO)  Fortunately for me, there were never more than 2-4 peeps on the 2 different official PVE servers I played on.To be fair, PvP with friends on a private server for 7 bucks each, I can see it... maybe.  Another year or two for the ""indie"" developer(s) and this might be worth spending a few bucks on. But, competition in the survival niche is tough with other true Indie Developers doing great work so I doubt this title survives in anything other than the Steam .99 cent bargain bin.Another example of a garage based 'indie' that never really has the time or resources to expand the idea past a rough sketch.  If this had JUST been released, I'd be more forgiving.  But after 2 years, the last with Steam Fan Support (and money)  This horse is never gonna see the finish line.   Pass on this one."
,Recommended,327090,17650397,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,CybrLrd,"I've played Rust, LIF, ROK, ARK and now Out of Reach.  Great game for what I'm comparing it too that has it's own style.  Content still isn't fully there - need more animals, gear and some terrain additions for sure, but gameplay is very addictive.  I would call it a mix between ROK, LIF and Rust.  There are no sleepers which some of you may enjoy - when you log off your stuff own your body is safe.  It's nice but also a little lame after playing so many sleeper games.Raiding is interesting, you can break doors easy but can't loot boxes if the person has a building station which you have to destroy and then wait for a time to expire (3 hrs+) before you can look the boxes.  I thought this was really lame at first but it adds a new dimension of exploring, finding a raided base full of loot and you didn't do the raiding.  It's like finding buried treasure.I will keep playing for a while, seems a bit too easy at the moment.  I have about 15 hours in and can get full bronze equip, boat, etc.  I raid and kill people pretty easily but have also gotten killed.Not sure when people were saying there isn't much KOS because I was KOSed so much the first day that I'm playing it like Rust now - kill first and ask questions later.Hope you join us because it really needs more players.  Servers seem to max out at about 20 players at some point in the day right now and even though it's decent, we could use more.Oh I forgot to mention fires!  When someones building permissions expire you can set their base on fire and burn it down.  This is lovely to watch and works great for cleaning up the abandoned buildings.When you first start, look for an abandoned base that already has a furnace and an anvil.  Put your own building station in and add some doors and it will be your base.  This is what I did on my first play through and it helped speed things up alot because those tools were already there for me.Get it while it's on sale because it's worth $12 if you like survival games."
76561198056727069,Recommended,327090,18305281,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Houck (Wayne),"Explore the ocean to find islands and resources you can't find on the main island where you initially spawn. Explore caves to mine copper and tin to make bronze weapons, tools and armor. Forage and hunt for food, or grow your food in garden plots as well as flax for linen once you find the seeds to do so from foraging the crops in the wild. Chop wood and mine stone to create the base you want to give you the advantage. Lay siege to destroy and plunder enemy bases. Really great game with an awesome community, come be a part of it! :)"
,Recommended,327090,18831775,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,FavelaoBR,"Spawn in, get wood, stone and flax fibers. Make a spear and a wooden shield. Find a player, team or kill. Take loot. Make a base that looks epic. Go into caves and get copper and tin to make bronze in a furnance. Craft a sword by running a rough blade through the furnance and then beat the hell out of it with a hammer on the anvil. Use the smithy to finish it off. Get hide armour. (There is hide, bronze and iron armor which are ubgradeable) (Armor parts are crafted individualy) Make a bow. Hunt, make a boat. Go to another island and get iron. And then die. Start over until you get it right. Awesome battles in the ocean with ballistas and bows (I torched their boat) LoL. Great game. No guns only a bow as as ranged weapon and picks, axes, clubs, swords, hammers etc as a close quarters weapon. Really a very good game. The pvp is about skill(Mostly) Get It if in doubt. Didnt like it just ask for a refund."
76561198094554627,Recommended,327090,19833119,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,kenzertazwi1,"Id been looking at this game for awhile, and finally I decided to go for it.  I really, really like this game!  The building / gathering actually takes time to do, it's not just 'click I'm done'.  Players are VERY friendly, and there are PvE servers available.  Not being part of the Early Acsess for long, I think I've made a good investment into this game.  Updates are posted regularly, to keep players in the loop.Overall, you should really try the game.9/10"
76561198144259232,Recommended,327090,18481889,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Pondscum,"Ok lets look at OOR from an all around point of view here.Pros...good solid game for early accesgreat dev team, they want this to improve and often updategood balance of looks and contentand again great dev team, when they find exploits they fix them as quickly as they canSome good players that are willing to helpCons...If you're looking for stranded deep...omg the graphics are incredible I could watch the sunset for hours notgoing to get it here, but then again stranded deep has horribly low contentSome really bad players will attempt to ruin your playing experience simply to get streaming hits...and they'rewilling to cheat to get itOverall i'd say for the price amazing game, i'm enjoying it myself and would recommend it to anyone that likes sandbox survival.  I can't wait from patch to patch just to see what goodies are in there!"
,Recommended,327090,16273954,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,VÀƤÓⱤ,"Earliest review from June 2015)First impressions wasn't a bad experience for this early access release. A friend and I managed to craft some tools, made a bow with arrows, friend tried to hunt animals which gave a Code 12 bug on a Rhino and a Code 8 bug on a Tiger. Both animals wouldn't die! Found a few more resources here`n there while soaking up the island atmosphere. However, various errors and glitches as with any other early survival title are to be expected. Be sure to do it all again when OoR improves over time.(Updated review 11/25/2016)IMHO, this indi title ""life as a pirate"" would have to be ultimately the best up to date MP, Crafting, Base building and Tactical Melee and Seige Combat for pillaging and plundering to have come our way. Having now spent over 2K hrs of gameplay and making many valuable friendships on the journey of the high seas, there is a deep sense of satifaction on all levels to cater for your style of play. Out of Reach will never grow old! Special thanks to the Dev team @ SpaceBoatStudios for their ongoing commitments, dedication and support."
76561198081579147,Recommended,327090,19976784,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,ApocalypticVoid,"Honestly this game is great. Doesn't take a lot to run it, i run it on my laptop. The crafting system is really unique and there's a lot of armor and weapons to create. There is so much potential to create more upgrades like for the shields and arrows for example. Not too many people on the servers but there's one that has like 20 people on it and the fighting is pretty good. Great game, i will continue to play it."
76561198101964298,Recommended,327090,22160987,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Tashology,"Overall: excellent game, solid gameplay and a logical progression.Pros:- Easy to use building system.- Decent combat system- Logical progression (easy to follow route from starting out)Cons:- Animations could use a little workI would totally recommend this game, it's much better than similar games (eg, Reign Of Kings), and I'd love to see more players on the servers."
,Recommended,327090,16510117,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Jek,"started up game-joined server-spawned near boat-declared myself captain mcwankfist in chat-sailed the seas-found small base-raided it-failed-respawned-lost my boat ;(-traveled to huge forest on foot-found small crate in forest-suprised attack by 3 men screaming, ""death to the tyrant captain!""-laughed so hard-wounded-ran away-rhino chased me into water and killed by alligator-people in chat screaming i sucked-respawned-2 men joined up with me to take revenge on the screaming men-we called ourselves the ""Booty Pirates""-found the screaming men sitting around a fire-we screamed ""Give us your booty!!!""-killed the screaming men-raided the old small base and reclaimed my boat-took all the loot-left my comrades stranded with a torch-they screamed at me while i sailed away20/10 would captain mcwankfist again"
76561198124642655,Not Recommended,327090,25275620,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,JackOfSpades,"Not yet, folks. This game is an interesting concept with interesting gameplay features, but the UI and controls are about as intuitive as Rube Goldberg's roller-skates. Wait a year, check back, see if they've fixed it."
76561198053529149,Recommended,327090,16313031,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Vedi,"Hey!I have now about 35 hours played so i thought id post a review about this game for future buyers.Since i got the game 3 days ago i have pretty much played nonstop. The game is very addictive!This game is not the easiest and you are never completely safe even if you do have a strong base, every time you go out to get some ore you are at risk because there is nothing in the game that will make you unkillable.It takes some time to get the gear going and in my opinion thats a great thing because people cant just craft good gear in a matter of 20 minutes and go and kill people like in allot of these so called ""survival"" games (*cough* Rust *cough cough*).There is a fair amount of content in the game right now there are gazelles, zebras, rhinos, hippos, tigers and crocodiles for wildlife and you can hunt these animals to get food and other materials. They will of course be adding more wildlife as updates roll in because that would make sense. As for crafting there is enough to keep you going back to the caves for ores but the crafting could use some more items.Bugs and glitches are to be expected but i havent really noticed anything major.Overall i will actually recommend this game already!"
,Recommended,327090,17962145,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Talleyrand,"A strong foundation for a genre that has seen some lackluster titles. Most developers will over promise and under provide but my experience with the developers of OOR are quite the opposite. There is balance that will push the player to think outside of the box and use the community to further their rise to power. It also serves to keep players from being ""godly"" as an unstoppable force of destruction, raining terror on all the newcomers.This game is a hidden gem in a genre that has a reputation of letting players down. I've never seen hackers that plague other games and thorough enjoy a spot in a lead clan and being hunted as an unknown on another server. It's all immersion here and the developers drop by often to hear our feedback.The price point should encourage a lot of ppl to give it a try and promote quality over a rushed product."
,Recommended,327090,17206131,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Killathebeast,"This is my first review of a game so ill try to be as fair as i can be with this game.Ill get some of the more... Annoying, things out of the way. Yes, i do understand the game is still an early access and yes they do have a long way to go, but the devs are juggling a lot right now, trying to get the optimization just right and fixing bugs as well as adding new content. Although they do seem to skip over some stuff like arrows glitching and such. but most of the stuff that is Wrong is very minor, thank god it isn't major otherwise i wouldn't have played for as long as i have. As of right now the Game has a Cap, there is no goal that is ""Out of Reach"", if you knew what you were doing you could probably have full bronze equipment in a few hours. The player base is Very small therefore making it hard to enjoy with others seeing as how they have a HUGE server list making it to where the players can go to different servers starting anew on each one. the only real downside i see to that is that the game isn't popular enough for them to need that many servers. The servers can become very...Cluttered, as well. many of the people who buy the game then quit leave their stuff behind, I.e. Buildings that have been claimed and cant be gotten rid of. so it does cause some frame issues when you have a lot of buildings to register on your screen. again not major stuff just minor irritants.Now time for the stuff I do like a lot about the game. I myself and some of the other people i happen to play with are very friendly, now im not gonna say everyone is because this game is a survival and fighting is part of the learning process. the game has a very easy crafting system and building is fun and easy as well. you can do a lot in the game. even with a ""Cap"" on what you can do. i still have fun by just going hunting or talking with the other players. you dont have to fight but its a good way to enjoy the game and if you can find enough people to enjoy it with, there is even a clan system so you can set a base and work your way from there. the bugs are very minor and hardly noticeable unless you go looking for them, and when they do happen you can simply log out and log back in to reset your connection to the server. this game is very fun and i still have a blast fighting players with the same set of skills as me, they recently added farming and they plan to expand that even more, the Devs work hard and i applaud them for their efforts they are very consistent with keeping the players informed and are always providing responses fairly quickly for players having issues with the game.Its not a lot about the game, just some key subjects but its on its way to becoming better than what it started as. my only suggestions are adding extra items to the game, such as better weapons and armor crafting. but if you want something to kill time and people with a satisfactory hut or fort or tower to lay your head at then this game is for you. Recommend it to your friends, start a clan, fight the raiders or be the raiders.Honestly a damn good survival 10/10"
76561198010204554,Recommended,327090,20179749,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,OreAird©,"So far so good, it is an alpha in the very over populated survival genre, but it has some unique concepts and ability to secure what you've built for when your offline that a lot of other games lack."
76561197968399561,Recommended,327090,16272433,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,GameStrain,"Runs great and is lots of fun. Ran into players and they don't just kill you ,, nice to play a survival game where ppl actually help ya out ... may change when more ppl get on though. Crafting is good , animals are buggy though.. will get better and better over time.. is my second favorite survival early access game so far .. 1st is 7 days to die."
,Recommended,327090,22173634,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Descending Joe,"Amazing open world survival game. Base Building is excellent, and the builder's desk allows you to really protect your base against griefers, even if you stayed off the game for more than a day. The downside to this being that some bases will require multiple days and raids before you can really get anything from them. Player interaction is a lot of fun. Since there aren't any guns and the only weapon capable of instantly killing someone is stationary, you'll never get sniped in 1 shot from a distance (though arrows can hurt from a respectable range) meaning players aren't as likely to outright attack you, and if they do, in most cases you can put up a fight or even outrun them, if they're wearing heavy armor. This allows for a much more cooperative atmosphere where players are more likely to band together, rather than constantly trying to kill each other. As for the atmosphere, the game is very visually pleasing (even on lower settings), and the environment looks amazing as you explore the island's different areas. Honestly the only bad thing I have to say about this game is the lack of players. Buy this game and make it better."
76561198090501653,Recommended,327090,19467475,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,njlady,"I have been playing OOR for some time now and thoroughly enjoy it. They update the game at least once a week which shows dedication upon the part of the developers. The planned upcoming updates should really enrich the gameplay including a new island and updated building enhancements for that island.I have a character and houses on all of the PVE servers and only play PVE  so my review is not for the PVP aspect of the game. I will leave that for others.I am Njlady, Zeelady, and Zee in the game so if you see me be sure to say hello."
76561198043644732,Not Recommended,327090,30519824,Posted: 14 March,all,Rodrigo W. Hussein,on most servers the biggest clan/the clan who owns the server completely locked off the access to the only island that has iron on it. that means on nearly all servers everybody else is stuck at bronze and that's that. no progress possible.=> ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game design => ♥♥♥♥ this game
76561198052285043,Recommended,327090,33531214,Posted: 14 July,all,Auakopf,"I've never played a ""survival game"" before this one. When I saw the description in Steams Summer Sale, I thought that it looked interesting. I gave it a try and bought it.I decided that for my very first steps I will start on a PVE-only server with low or zero population at that moment. This gave me the chance to get used to the game functions without having to concentrate on other players at the same time. For players liking PVP there are also servers where this is implemented.For me, buying this game  has definitely been a very good decision. The game caught me instantly and keeps me playing, testing, and very much enjoying.The game starts on a beach, the character has nothing but a sharp stone in his hand and some minor clothes at his body. This is where the tutorial pops up. First task: Find something to eat. So I started walking and searching, found corn and berries. And  I found pirates soon - which killed me instantly. First survival test failed. Restart at the same location as in the beginning. I wanted to know whether I could survive longer, I knew now where those pirates were and went the other direction.The tutorial is in my opinion very well done. It leads from finding food to chopping wood and stone, creating a stone axe and building the first base with a builders desk, a bed and a storage chest. I went on with the tutorial and suddenly realized that an hour, two and three hours quickly went and I still was playing and enjoying.Of course, my character died several times. It looks like that tigers also have the task to ""find something to eat"". And there I fully realized that when dying, my character looses everything which he had in his inventory. Bags with the content stay where the char died. So, go there again to pick it up. Of course it was hidden in high grass, I had to search a bit (the location of death is luckily shown on the map). And - the tiger was hidden there, too, still hungry!I learned, running away, as quickly as possible, is a very good way to survive. My previous belongings were ""Out of Reach"" for me.Strangely, this didn't push me away from this game, in contrary, I wanted to survive longer. And I have many hours and days which kept me enjoying ingame. I learned how to build huge houses, create a boat and visit other islands.I won't tell all my adventures in the game, just give it a try yourself.  :-)   And beware of tigers!What I find to be very positive with this game, is how the developers are active in the forum or reacting on email-feedback given to them. I got quick responses and hints about possibilities which I have. In some other games I'm used to bugfixes taking months and the community is getting no or very late answers and information.Out of Reach is different: While playing, there might be a message that in five minutes the servers will go down - but ten minutes later I can continue playing. Some minor bugfixes are solved this way immediately. Bigger updates take low time to be downloaded, so playing is not ""waiting for hours"" but surprisingly I was back ingame quickly.I am also very pleased about the fact that so far I've never stumbled about a severe bug. This game is Early Access, so bugs and changes are to be expected often. I found minor bugs only and was pleased about the recent changes. For example, the implementation of Events with shipwrecks went smoothly. There was only one location where those wrecks appeared and we players could test whether it worked as intended. It did, at least for me. The locations for shipwrecks will soon be spread over the whole map.Exactly this behavior of the developers pleases me. We can test and give feedback and it will be taken into account before spreading it map-wide. This is how I love it.So, developers, please continue with this good work, all my thumps up for this! And players, dare it and test this game! I find it worth playing.Have fun!    :)edit: corrected a typo (exe = axe)"
,Not Recommended,327090,16898300,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,KatrianaChou,"This is the first game I have actually felt the need to write a review for. It is also the first game I have felt the need to request a refund for. This isn't a game, it's an interactive screensaver. The world is devoid of anything, and I mean ANYTHING. It is basically the same sandy beach or mountain, with a few trees and rocks, on repeat. There are no people, no interesting places and no fun objectives or goals.  I love survival games and building/crafting games.  This game fails on both counts. Don't waste your money. If you like games such as ARK, The Forest, Stranded Deep, Etc.. this is NOT the game for you. If you like staring at a windows screensaver for hours on end.. you might like this game."
76561198029043678,Recommended,327090,17700745,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Unearthly Bean,"Dear survivor,Update:This game needs a new boat.Old review:I have been looking for a new Co-op/multiplayer survival experience and found this little gem.It is in early access but it's very well polished and the devs are releasing constant updates which is great!Proof of developer commitment:This review was originally written at the end of August and already at least 4 updates have been released.Good features:- The controls are smooth and UI is good.- The world is decently large.- Crafting is easy and well done.- PvE, PvP servers. (PvE you can't steal peoples stuff or injure them.)- Good graphics and combat for an early access game.- Using the Bow is fun and difficult; the further you get from your target the higher you must aim.- Lots of craftable items and building parts with more to come.- A Map (press m) to find your friends or to know where you are. (What you explored is what you see.)- Creepy Caves to explore.- Swimming kills stamina which eventually can end bad if you wander, or in this case, swim too far.- Many Islands to explore.- Build forts, castles or shacks and defend them!- Collecting and mining system works a bit differently than in other games; as you mine, gather or chop you collect during the process. (Example: Each axe hit will give you +1,+2,+3  wood until the tree falls.)- Character skill and leveling up system. The more you use your skills the better you become. Auto level up. (Think of Oblivion or Skyrim, but very simplified.)- Easy to find a decent server.Questionable features:- Need more animals (potentially bugs and ocean life), plants, recipies, and stuff to collect but the amount there is so far is actually very decent for an early access survival game.- Building can be annoying if you are not used to how it works. Trail and error.- Tearing down structures can be tedious.- A lot of open water. There is no point in exploring the corners or sides of the map.- The animal AI is dumb at the moment. (That's good news for all you people who like to hunt without much of a challenge.)- No thirst system.- Falling trees can't hurt you. :P- The boat works but can be annoying to use without a buddy. (I got dizzy exploring all 4 corners of the map...And to know it was all for nothing...)- In PvE servers you don't have to worry about being looted or returning to the server only to find your fort destroyed or stolen. That being said, there are no threats other than some peaceful animal predators. Maybe this is why there aren't many PvE servers.Overall I recommend this game for all you folks who enjoy multiplayer survival games, frequent updates, collecting/exploring, crafting, and building. It is an impressive early access title.Survival Rating: 7.8/10"
76561198064100066,Recommended,327090,21825570,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,[DG]The Norseman,"A lot of people seem hesitant to buy this game, main due to the negitive comments on it, but the game has changed so much since most of those reviews, this game is starting to get really good, a really fun, i would reccomend to anyone who likes survival games like minecraft, rust, or even hurtworld. 9/10"
,Recommended,327090,31790768,Posted: 16 May,all,Ben*SgVentil,"A Survival Game already at a ""Playable"" stage.Unique characteristics, such as siege with trebuchets and gliders;Beautifull and Massive islands to explore, different biomes;Progression system, skills, upgradable equipment and buildings;Unique Building Aspects, Physics, Crafting, Dynamics;Fun PVPGraphics could be better;Not so well optimized;Late game boring;missing more crafting options, better texture/mesh, more vehicles, fauna and flora... (things already planned but not implemented).Until then 8/10... sadly, community isn´t big, so, low populated server most of the time..."
76561198009811559,Recommended,327090,23242415,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,🖤Tim The Repressed Peasant🖤,"When i got the game, a bug prevented me from making a character. The dev fixed it within the hour of that update.When i got the game, i expected nothing much, i acutally got some fun gameplay.When i got the game, i spoke with one of the developers to help with some bugs.Early Access has made me cynical, but this one is one of the good ones"
76561198045701645,Recommended,327090,30650877,Posted: 21 March,all,Bigmoose,"I bought a four pack for my wife and two kids, we love the game. I hope they will be adding more islands/map sections, and crafting content like more ores perhaps. My only complaint is in 3 days we've explored all and have the best craftable gear, and now im bored (40 hours of entertainment was definately worth the $15 per account). The clan verse clan content is really fun as well!!"
76561197992734826,Not Recommended,327090,25863984,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,RivalTaunt,"I got it on 50% sale for $7.49, Alot of tree chopping... First night Played from 7pm till midnight, built a sizeable base. Loged on next day to find it was taken over by 3 other players, Attacked them ""died"" lost everything. rebuilt new base later that night with my nefews. Built a nice sized base with them, One of the server regulars came bashing on our build. We retaliated and atked him. Hour later he came back with 5 friends ""remember attacking me"", they setup a treb and took our base down.  The mechanics for this game are NOT new player friendly. The devs may want to look into new build protection for 5 days so the players can atleast get something better than stone tools, prior to being raided by a horde with steel. Max population per day at the time of this wrighting is about 60 players. Now wonder why.Save your cash get another game."
76561198071421047,Recommended,327090,17145275,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Bob Ross` Squirrel,"This game has so much potential, the crafting and farming actually had alot of thought put into it, and ive actually seen the devoloper in game, playing and working to fiqure out if there is any bugs or glitches, and how his game preforms, you just dont see that with early access games. I will admitt that the servers are very low pop but at this point in time july 20th 2015, there has been no real advertisments for this game and i can see why it is low pop, not because its a bad game, this game is actually quite good, but because it has not yet been discovered.8/10 considering its low pop"
,Recommended,327090,28359153,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Raio Boss,"This game is really underrated here on steam. I expected much worse from this game. Bought it when on sale, definitely worth 7,50 euros. It's a survival game as you can imagine, and really piratey. The potential is huge and apparently they've been patching it, not sure how often, but they are working on it and the upcoming features look amazing. I'm pretty sure this game is gonna be better and better. There's also a raiding system that I really like because it limits griefing. Basically when you build a base you have to make a builder's desk to protect your building. The more you upgrade this desk, the longer it will take the enemies to raid your base. Basically once you destroy it, a countdown starts. As long as the countdown doesn't reach 0, the enemies cannot destroy or steal your stuff, but they can destroy doors and beds (respawn points).I think it is a really cool features because we are used to survival games that basically become your main job if you want to succeed and keep your base safe, and even if this is the situation, you are not certain you gonna preserve it.This game may use some better animations and sound effects, but not a huge deal honestly. You can build small boats / rafts in order to sail and explore. There are caves to explore in which you find minerals such as copper and iron in order to make better tools, better armors, better equipment in general. The equipment can also be made of bone which can be harvested by hunting animals and using a hatchet on their dead body in order to gather it, along with fat (used for torches), hide (armor and other gear) and meat. You can also plant crops, such as corn, but also small plants for fiber and berries, and mushrooms as well.And, OMG, there are pirate clothing and weapons ^^. I like the environment. I actually needed something different and if this game gets more pirate stuff in the future, even better. Finally, something different (as far as I know).I'm looking forward for a lot of features, and also hope that more of what I got in my mind will be added to this game.Combat system is not bad. I actually like it. It's not as fast as it is in ARK, for example, and you can use different weapons and also shields in order to parry enemy attacks.Overall, the game is looking good and getting better, so it's worth a try in my opinion. As I said, I expected much worse. It definitely deserve better reviews on steam, and apparently, lately, things are changing for the best.I hope this review is gonna give you a decent view of this game!"
,Recommended,327090,32729374,Posted: 24 June,all,Monterado,"Exciting nice game with very active developers that always responds to communityExclusive pirate survival that no other survival game has this 1700s piratey themeVery fun to play with friends and easy relaxing game that is not very hardcore and pretty rewardingHas constant development from developers that really care about their gameDefinitely worth playing ,Community looking to grow"
76561198228834908,Recommended,327090,23193882,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,fordpower67,"Great game!!! Sure it has bugs what game doesn't, but the bugs are small and dont take away from the game and the amazing work the developers have done. highly recomended!!! keep up the great work"
76561197976865410,Recommended,327090,16283871,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Fatte Wok,"Fun, worth the price.Big up to the Gamestudio who is working 24/7 on debugging! (superminorbugs)Gratz"
,Recommended,327090,30029729,Posted: 19 February,all,WazCool,"First impressions of this game are great for the price. Looks pretty good and has some pretty fun gathering, crafting and building mechanics. Only issue I have is some random disconnects from the server. If you like these kind of survival/building/crafting games I would say this is worth a look. Just dont expect AAA quality from a small dev :)Update: I am no longer getting disconnects. Games runs well and still enjoying. I am finding gathering metals a bit tiresome though. For example, i had to search on mountains for quite a while to get enough copper to make a copper pickaxe....now i cant find iron anywhere :)"
,Recommended,327090,16300774,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Airjelly,"Seriously a very good game. I've played all the survival titles there are, and this one is the best by far.Buy it, and see for yourself. The community is incredible. Everyone is honest and lovely."
,Recommended,327090,28247369,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Profitz,"After picking this game up as a huge survival game player (Rust, 7 Days to Die, H1Z1, DayZ, Miscreated, The Forest, etc) I wanted to try this since it was on sale.  I picked it up, streamed it on my channels for both Twitch and Beam and 5 hours later, I don't want to even quit and continue going it's so fun.  I love these types of games.As an early access game is it VERY WELL put together with a lot of rich features for building, crafting, planting, hunting, fishing, and more.  The land is well put together with decent textures, lighting, ambiance, sound and more.  There is no tearing or issues with land masses like some early access games have with falling through floors or animals running through rocks without collision.  The amount of materials gathered is decent as well for each item durability.  The pace of the gathering is decent and it’s not a hard grind or overly unfriendly to game play.  It’s just right.  Also the animals in this game are diverse and thus far I ran across a Hippo, Rhino, Lion, Gazelle, and Zebra.  Most are cautious can hear you approaching like in any hunting wild-life game however, some as you would expect are dangerous and if they see you, decent line of sight/aggro, they will rush you!The building is pretty impressive and fast working from the B letter and then off of your mouse buttons or numeric keypad which you get use to fast.  This is proximity as well so you can lock down certain areas where people can’t build next to you on onto your base.  There are concepts of ‘Clans’ as well to promote people in a guild-type fashion and give them pretty granular permission to either unlock doors, build, destroy, use of chests/crates.  There are also upgrade features to improve your structures from wood, stone, bronze, etc as you gather them across the lands.The environments are very impressive.  So far I ran across nice breezes from the ocean, which by the way you can leverage fishing traps from, winds, rain, impressive lighting storms which flash your screen.  The sounds is spot on.If I were to say anything negative, it would be maybe when you move your mouse off of the active game window you are playing it minimizes the screen to your task bar?  That is probably a feature incoming or maybe because I’m playing windowed mode?  Also, as far as I can tell there is no music which is fine by me because in survival games I never play it just keep the other sounds up to hear things approaching.To me, this is an 8/10 game hands down and I look forward to continued improvements.50% off right now this is a STEAL!Thanks and if you have any questions find me on Twitter @ WowProfitz."
76561198041257930,Recommended,327090,20057470,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Buddha,"Pros : Crafting , building, PvP, Game mechanism, possibilities, no ownage, you don't have to wait 30 minutes to see someone,Cons : Server are low populated (definitely need publicity !), require patience and willing if you are solo because it can take a wile to gather ressources (some server have 4x ressources gathering wich help a lot)Definitly invite you to try this game, play at least 5-6 hours to know if you like it or not before because once you know how this game works, you totaly love it."
,Recommended,327090,22851549,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Snurre Sprut,"Do you want a good survival game, then buy Out Of ReachOut Of Reach has so much things to do.-You can go treasure hunting-Take a boat and explore the landscape-If you want an overall view why not take the Glider and fly around the islands and scout out the area.-Find monuments-Make clans-Make Enemys and Friends-Build you dream home-Go hunt for animals such as Elephants, Zebras, Tigers and many moreThis game has so much potensial, and with a few updates and more stuff. This game will rank up on number one on top seller."
76561198161727612,Recommended,327090,23057021,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,SaintPhillip,Interesting concept and fun gameplay.This is still in very early acess but is coming along nicely imho.Later on i'll write an actual review but based on what ive seen thus far there's a solid foundation here to be built upon in a unique enviornment for a survival game.
,Recommended,327090,23337243,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,RD_DA_PUGLIFEGAMER,"Love the game is well made and the world is well tailored.The anti-griefing system is fairly well made as servers can tailor how long it lasts.The basic boats are decently well created but not very customization, it would be wonderful if more boats were added as the current ones have minor storage and a very minor defense system it would be wonderful to build on them as well. Such as the ability to make a cargo cruiser, or a warship with several crossbows.The weaponry and tool base is cool and it has a fairly realistic structure for making metal based objects. Create item in forge, put on anvil and smack with hammer, go to tool table to put tool head onto tool body. Although more weaponry such as blunderbusses, or items such as a war ax or mace just more weaponry in general but it is still early access.The resource collection system is wonderful as it is not too grindy but still takes effort to harvest trees, stone, and ore. Maybe add more ores for more tools and so bronze (or copper which ever one is an alloy I always forget) so it is not the main resource.The building system is wonderful as it allows full building almost anywhere and you can build it how you want. Not much else to ask for here but maybe adding more buildables but i'm happy with the buildables currently.The salvage system is balanced in every way and theirs a balanced XP system the more you use a skill the better it gets but maybe add ranged weapons and melee weapons skill.Summing up suggestion basically: More content, skills, animals, weapons, tool, transportation stuff (I.E. boats), and maybe more buildables. Add more ores and more boat customization are my major ones. ALSO PLEASE ADD NORMAL FINISHING ;)game is 8/10Great GraphicsCompetent skill systemDecent combat systemGreat bow system you actually have to aim by how far away said creature isGreat drop tablesFairly good animal AI but why don't they chase you into the water?"
,Recommended,327090,16297032,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Mod Massive,"Great game, optimized very well, runs smoothly. Very fun and not KOS (kill on sight) like many other survival games (DayZ, Rust) This game looks fantastic and the implementation of boats adds a whole new dynamic. I cant wait for more updates and content. 9/10"
76561198035893904,Recommended,327090,28612694,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Zodiac2,"Awesome game, spawned on the beach, smashed the head of some poor afk guy with my rock. Took his bow and leather armor, said poor fellow respawned and chased after me. Built a base, got raided, chased after the guy, got killed. Started new base, got armor and weapons, was attacked by 2 guys, killed both. Now have lots of loot and continue building! Fantastic game and highly recommend."
76561198204547147,Recommended,327090,19075849,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,LeFauRuS,I have a little more than 1000 hours on this game. I begon to play when i come out and i follow him wile his evolution. This game had a great mind and the building part is very beautiful. Communauty is a pleasure in this game and the pvp is too. Two big thing important on this survival games. First thing we have the possibilty to protect a base against his burning until 72h. Second thing is the game had a system wich dont need wipe for server. Its a early acces and recently the game had a big new beautiful graphics with better color and light reflexion. Day by day this game came better than better. All he need is a better mediatisation and more player on servers. He is not expensive at all for the enjoying time you will pass in there. So dont hesitate to buy and try. Enjoy!
,Recommended,327090,24790547,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Bike123,"For me better then RUST, and community i Rly greate"
,Recommended,327090,16328215,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Rapez,"First thought is a very decent game compared to its early stage.I have been playing it for awhile as you can see, im one of the top 5 people in the game in amount of stuff gathered, if not in top 2. I Really like this game, and it makes me addicted, even though it looks a bit like RUST its not the same. I think this is better, AND people DONT kill on sight!!! WE help each other as a community! Keep it going guys, make this game successful!- BendixPlaying on server: Khuldas"
76561197967203702,Recommended,327090,24786300,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,spike30001,"Highly Recommended intend to put loads of hours into this game. Runs like a dream. Look excellent for this type of game. Excellent in game map system which most others survival games lack. Great crafting system. Loads to do and explore in this game so the price even at full is so cheap for what game time you can get here. I play most popular survival games and rate this towards the top of them. Highly Recommended. And no monsters in the game, nice to have a break from Zeds and  nasty looking things, just real animals here but don't upset them."
,Recommended,327090,29383631,Posted: 20 January,all,Lez,this game has gone through lots of changes that have turned it into a fun relaxed game when you arent an expert.if you play this game with friends its much more fun and easy.PROS!the seiging is fun.the building is relaxing.and there is also singleplayer.cons ;(not alot of people play this.it takes a long time to get building stuffs.
76561198009667943,Recommended,327090,23233738,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,judeefra,"I'm very selective about what i play, and iv'e played a lot of combat/survival games. From Rust to Savage Lands i've tried lots but this game has that edge that makes it stand out, and it's still only early access! The devs are very hands on and approachable and in my case one (Banan) worked with me personally to iron out a glitch with my Videocard driver! (My fault completely and nothing to do with the game)Its already got a lot going for it, survival, PVP, extensive combat features and fab graphics. (Sailing the waves on a moonlit night or just admiring the view from a mountain top, the graphics are quite breathtaking.)The future features announced will take this game right up there with the classics, potentially awesome. If you haven't got it get it now while it's cheap. This game is a keeper!"
,Not Recommended,327090,20056706,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Bazgrim,"PvP wise, this game might be fun, but PvE wise... It's lack luster.Pros- Runs decently- Devs seem to be active with the community- Good building systemCons- Animation rigging is horrible, looks like things are gliding across the world.- Camera stuttering. Despite running at 60-80FPS all the time, camera felt clunky and seemed like it almost had a stutter. If you get motion sickness easily from first person games, stay away until they get it fixed. I don't have this problem with 7 Days to Die or Rust.- Reticle doesn't match up with character swings. You have to hug any resource to harvest it. Despite you being close and your reticle being on it. Definitely does not favor melee.- Static Spawns for resources- They said they had the audio redone, but as far as I can tell, it's still pretty awful. It all sounds like it was passed through some sort of robot filter.- No hit feedback from being attacked. You screen just flashes red and your health bar goes down. Reminds me of really old school FPS's.- Wind sound, but there's no wind blowing on the island?Programmers / Developers that have worked in Unity will know when playing this how basic feeling this game is.I feel they might have gotten carried away with late game already, without things being unfinished.Reminds me of something Dunkey said in one of his videos where he says that game developers now a days want to go out and add every single feature from every single game they've ever seen without finishing the core game. They're making a pizza, but there's no cheese on there. So they add all of these toppings and you just have this abomination that no one wants to eat.I'll probably play more when it gets updated and feels smoother, but right now it feels clunky and gives me a headache. :/"
76561198268125991,Recommended,327090,30900457,Posted: 2 April,all,NK85,"I really love this game as it's a survival open world game. it hasn't got zombies or weird creatures, which I can't stand so makes it more appealing for people who get scared easily.Pros: the world looks so nice and the sun on the see is beautiful. The weather is so realistic I was stuck in lighting thunder storm the other day was amazing. Lots of different wild animals to hunt.You can hunt and put fishing nets out to fish. Love the crafting part of it and collecting wood etc. Love the fact it's pirate themed and your on an island.Cons: The graphics are good but not brilliant. animals can run through you which is annoying and your hands don't look like there holding weapons etc properly. Could be boring for people who want more action. Takes forever to load up.For the devs: : Things that would make the game better is please make female pirates, it's a must.The bases could be more better like for example wooden huts wooden houses, hate the aspect of it being like h1z1 with the bases. Please let there be more action in the sea, for e.g.: fish so we can actually have a rod to go fishing with, whales and sharks etc, maybe mermaids, actual pirates and pirate ships, things to search for in the sea, sunken ships, treasure etc. Treasure to find on land, spades to dig things up with. And to able to collect and drink water, it's abit weird you can't. More islands that you can go and explore and collect things.To sum it up it's a good game, needs abit more work but deffently worth the money spent and I look forward to more future updates and changes. Many hours playing this game love it."
76561198132025075,Recommended,327090,24721812,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,[SGN] MickDumdee,"What can i say about this game other than WOW......This has everything Rust is missing, I am very keen to see how much more this game develops.There is an easy to use tutorial that will teach you all fundamentals of OOR you will need to survive.It really is a shame there is limited servers for some countries."
76561198085192613,Recommended,327090,31894303,Posted: 21 May,all,LouZurr,"OMG! LOVE IT!This game is geared towards the solo AND the team player. Another game this good, is ARK Survival, though it is geared more towards the team players. Even its private server is not for the solo player. But OoR is da bomb!Things I love:1. So many things to build, including boats and gliders.2. So realistic.3. Can easily build a food source right off the bat.There are a few issues that need to be dealt with:1. The berry bushes and corn bushes are too far and few between, and the corn on the stalks should be made bigger so more easily seen. The same goes for the flax. The flax grows in the tall grass and is VERY hard to see as the flower is so small and lightly colored. I pass it up all of the time.2. I love the map clouding and unclouding as the player explores the areas. However, the cave mapping needs to be much better. I have gotten lost because I cannot move the map around. so I can find my way back out the way I came in.3.There is always announcements of a trading vessel arriving, and I have NEVER found it. There is nothing on the map to show where he is.4. Needs more variety of animals. How about rabbits? I know this is more African plains based, but there are rabbits in Africa. How about jungle animals in the jungle areas?5. To make more realistic, add thirst. There are waterskins, after all. And how about defication to use as fertilizer? How about adding flint? Maybe wheat?6. Need to add sails for the boats to the building list. Linen is one of the products after all. The method to move them really sucks as it is geared for for team play. This IS a shipwrecked survivor scenario is it not?This game is very enjoyable. All in all, I give it a thumb and a half.Enjoy. :)"
,Recommended,327090,20133660,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,SilentEd,"I really like this game so far and dont understand why it only has mixed reviews.Not alot people online but the few i met i had no problems with (no KOS or such things / im on standart servers).You gather ressources, craft and skill up; enhance your stuff to craft better stuff and so on...Best thing is: NO ZOMBIES! YAY!!!And no freaking guns you can craft with a piece of metal and wood or such.There are PVE,Standart and PVE Servers so everyone can choose.Game runs smooth for me (sometimes it stutters for a second if it loads stuff) and my PC is quite old.If you use common sense and protect your Desk your base wont get destroyed right away as in many other games.I only have 10h played right now but there are still so much things to do before i even have the basic stuff and new islands with better ressources were already announced...Got this game at the winter sale but for me it would even be worth the full price."
,Recommended,327090,16527425,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,(CGU) Uncle Beebs,"I got this game cause I could not run Ark. But I can run this! This game is super early in development, but it is so solid. I play this game with a few friends of mine, and we have a flipping blast. The only thing that is annoying is how easy it is to get your base broken in to and or burned down."
76561198302196083,Recommended,327090,25893531,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,holycowbatmom,"This is NOT a wham-bam-thank-you-ma'am type of game. If the type of gaming experience you're looking for is instant gratification, yeah, you're gonna want to look elsewhere. This game should really appeal to you if you are patient, creative, enjoy crafting, and want to be a pirate. Right now I have about 150 hours on record and I can say that this game has my attention the way only a handful of other games have ever grabbed it. Like I said earlier, this is NOT a speedy game. There is a lot of chopping, mining, & resources are expensive to craft with. It's a little slow going at first, & if you dont protect yourself, just like in RL, you can be robbed and loose everything. Make friends, or at least allies. Find an active server-they can be sorted to find the type of experience you are looking for.Personally I love the designing aspect of the game, and with as much resource gathering that each item takes, it leaves you with a sense of ""hot damn I'm awesome"" when you have upgraded your little shack to a house with planter boxes. Or a castle with mazes and poisioned arrow traps if thats more your thing. There's gliders and steamboats to work towards. And then there's hunting. Yeah, I totally suck at hunting, But fighing with a pirate sword is a totally different story. The new update really upped the graphics, and while it has a few new glitches, this is TOTALLY EXPECTED as this game is still in development. There is so much potential with OOR and I'm excited to see future updates."
,Recommended,327090,16410684,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,enulun,"Except a problem to connect properly to the game when it was released, due to my combined router-modem that I finally had to bridge into my computer to fix the problem, and a bunch of false messages telling me that I had attempted hacking on my first play, when all I had done was to try to kill a defenseless and adorable deer, the game has run flawlessly for me so far (about 9 hours).A game that can produce the following anecdote from last night, is why I love the game so far. I have only played alone on a server so far, but being a loner, that suits me quite perfectly ;)So I had managed to mine enough tin + copper ( = bronze in the furnace) to make a pickaxe head. Well, so I thought, until I found out that I needed more bronze for an anvil to refine the pickaxe head before I could assemble it. The anvil needed more bronze, so another trip to the cave, deeper into it this time, and back to build the anvil. But I soon found out that laying the raw pickaxe head on the anvil and hammering it with my stone axe was futile. I needed more bronze to make a special hammer for the anvil. This time I had to search even deeper into the cave until I had enough tin and copper. I ran back in the direction of the cave entrance. But suddenly I was falling down!I must have turned wrong direction somewhere. Images from my short OOR-life were flickering through my mind while I was falling, until I brutally and painfully landed on some stalagmites at the bottom. But I was still alive, though barely! Luckily I had brought enough red berries with me to heal myself almost fully up. I had also brought one extra torch into the cave, but had been forced to lit it in the middle of my last mining. I didn't know how long that one would last. At least my stomach was filled up due to the red berries. I started to walk. After a while I saw light in front of me. Really? There was a lower entrance into the cave system? But, the entrance was covered with planks, and the daylight only shined through the openings between them. I tried to axe my way out for a minute, but with no luck.Short-sighted as I was, I had forgot to put away my torch when hammering on the planks. I decided to do a last search for another entrance in the cave system while I still had light in my torch. After a bit running here and there, I seemed to achieve nothing. The torch only threw a dim light on the cold cave walls, and I started to panic and think that I would die deep inside the cold mountain. Without the torch I would see nothing at all. It would become pitch black. When I almost had lost all hope, I suddenly found a way that went upwards. And upwards! And upwards, until it flattened out. But which direction should I run? I tried to run in one direction, but it felt wrong. I turned the other way and ran back. I had lost valuable torch-time, and now there was no more time to lose if I should ever make it out of the caves. I ran and ran, chose directions at intersections at random, and suddenly I vaguely saw a very dim light in front of me. Shortly after I ran out of the cave-system through another opening than the one I went into.And the torch went out!"
,Recommended,327090,17181150,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Lest713,quite a fun game cant wait till more player join be nice start clan have war since my base/ harbor is on a ore/fruit/wood rich island that has no blind spots
,Recommended,327090,16878280,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Weslar47,This is an amazing game for how early it came out. 6 Developers and they did this i cant wait for what they have in the future.
,Not Recommended,327090,18873198,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,[IcE]Manbeast,"I don't really do too many reviews, despite my decent library size, but I feel that I need to say a few things about this game.Pros-It's another survival game.Leveling system for crafting and harvesting.Cheaper than half of the market for survival games.Decent Crafting/upgrade system.Cons-Lens flares, really, lens flares? I wear glasses, and am nearly blind without them, and get less ""flaring"" while outside on a sunny day. C'mon, lens flares were popular on consoles 10 years ago.How this isn't an alpha is beyond me.Movement.... Well let's just say... It could use more than a bit of improvement. Run in a straight line and you're ok. Try to ""strafe"" even in the smallest iota, and you go from a jog to what seems to be a stumble. Dunno about the rest of the human race, but even as an overweight 35yr old dad of 2, I can still run sideways at a decent speed.Gathering. God help you if you want to gather anything outside of stone and wood. If you are lucky and find flax, berries, or corn; then you have won the damn lottery. Fishing seems to be the best way to gather food, as you just need wood to make a net. If you get seeds while gathering a plant, you are fairly lucky. After traversing around 50% of the map, I have found 8 flax plants..... 1 seed.... Really.... 1 seed....Swimming. This is one of the worst mechanics in the game. Hands down. Try and swim for more than 10-15 seconds, and you start to die. Why? No ♥♥♥♥ing clue. Hypothermia? Sharks? Aliens? Who knows.Crafting. While I like the crafting for buildings, crafting anything else is nails on a chalkboard. Clunky UI, bad tooltips, crap instructions, etc...Last really big gripe is the servers. 5 pve servers, the rest are pvp mixed. between that , and the fact that the servers are clutterred with crap building all over the place, you really can't enjoy just building. Even if you want to PvP, good luck. Being a noob on a pvp server where resources are nigh on impossible to obtain, is nothing more than a campfest for those who were early arrivers.Last note, having a logout timer is ok for pvp, but on a pve server, dumb as hell.Would I buy the game again? no. Not for more than $5Can I get my money back? Nope, left the game running while afk dealing with my kids and went over the 2 hr mark.Should you get this game? No. Get something more supported and fun, like Reign of Kings.tl:drNo, just no."
,Recommended,327090,22803480,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Cirth,"I'll give the game the benefit of the doubt resources  are somewhat hard to find/get except wood stone and food.  Right now this game is in  pretty much pre-alpha.  There is a few things that make zero sense the way to make things are in f3-f6 could of used some other way of opening it but w/e.  Somethings that make me tilt my head is the arrows goes from wood to bone arrow?! ever heard of stone arrows, also what is the deal with damage over time being in the water nothing is near me and I end up taking damage.I'd give this game right now 2.5 out of 5.  I see this going places but I also thought Ark surivial was going places.  My recommendation is if its on sale go ahead buy it, for 15 dollars I say wait awhile for them to release more stuff unless you're bored and no games coming out anytime soon that you wish to buy."
76561198068049943,Recommended,327090,17811733,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Mr.Orange,After playing this for 1 day :-) i can say:If you like Survival&Crafting this game is for you.
76561198028034617,Recommended,327090,16325454,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Axioz,"Good Start, need more berries.Longer run but with the charge still the same.When using a rock make it so you can just hold to farm?"
76561198145860407,Recommended,327090,23273131,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Papa Smurf,"HelloThis update of the game caused that we are entering a new level. Clan wars are no longer only an opportunity but the only way to fun. thanks to acquisitions of land and defend our territories we get bonuses to collect and thanks to this rapidly growing in strength. Another future updates developers will make sure even more fun. Surely I will spend another 300 hours with this gameWitajcieKolejny update gry spowodował że wkraczamy w nowy poziom. Wojny klanów nie są już tylko szansą ale jedyną drogą do świetnej zabawy. Dzieki przejmowaniu terenów i ich obronie  dostajemy bonusy do zbierania/wydobywania i dzieki temu szybciej rosniemy w siłę. Kolejne updaty deweloperów sprawią jeszcze większą frajdę. Napewno spędzę kolejne 300 godzin przy tej grzePo pierwsze gra polskiego studia wiec warto sprawdzić samemu.Po drugie jest bardzo przyjemna. Aktualizacje są coraz częstsze i czuć że coś sie dzieje. Bolączką nadal jest mała liczba graczy na serwerach ale po jakiś większych aktualizacjach zawsze widać większy ruch na serwerach bo każdy chce sprawdzić co ciekawego chłopaki dodali.Jest to ciekawa alternatywa dla innych gier tego typu. Graficznie coraz ładniejsza, bardzo miła dla oka gra cieni. Optymalizacja też prezentuje się niczego sobie.Może niedługo pojawi sie jakaś historia w tle bo na razie jedyne co wiesz to to że obudziłeś sie na plaży a w oddali widać rozbitą karawele, którą prawdopodobnie przypłynąłeś. Ciekawostką są skrzynie ze skarbami które możesz znaleźć i mapa, która rozpoczyna iwent poszukiwanie skarbu :)Interface budowania nawet spoko ale troszkę bym go ulepszył o zakładkę najczęściej używane albo coś w tym rodzaju bo przeskakiwanie między zakładkami kiedy budujesz monumentalną budowle robi sie po pewnym czasie irytujące.Crafting bardzo domyślny i prosty.Zapraszam do gry bo warto"
76561198219323145,Recommended,327090,18981883,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Samuar(h)igh,"For an early development this game is a blast. Building system, crafting, hunting, transportation, and resources. All fluid and fun,In the last month they've updated atleast 4 times, After an update once a dev came on and asked us all if it worked, bs'd with us, aswered questions about whats to come.I've noticed more people logging latley and haven't had trouble finding people to play with.Don't think the gliders are just for fun, they are the best source of transportation, A correctly placed ramp can land you anywhere on the map, even iron island."
76561198167740289,Recommended,327090,21242926,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,foxster1701,"Interesting game that is well supported by the devs, but I find it a little too crowded in terms of the amount of other users buildings etc on the servers I went in.  I think I expected more of a single player with multiplayer elements experience. Definitely good if you want a PVP survival game, not so much in the PVE. Waiting to see how the private/local servers idea is implemented."
76561198043702828,Recommended,327090,16497516,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Retarded Fish,"I love the game but needs new mining ore, and stuff  to craft"
,Recommended,327090,24098214,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,D. Limit,"It is an astonishing game that involves surviving within numerous islands by hunting for food, gathering crops, producing shelter, developing agriculture, crafting tools, and invading territory.10 out of 10."
76561198002992757,Recommended,327090,29310849,Posted: 16 January,all,Sawis,"I recommend this game. It's fun to play, it's not too easy and now you can play single if you wish. I know a lot of people who want to play single even if the game was meant to be played as multiplayer. Me personally play both ways as sometimes I just want to see how big buildings I can build. And there is rafts and gliders and pirates!Only negative point may be the small amount of players, if you want to see it that way.Give it a go, in 2 hours of refundable playtime you'll get to know if you'll like it or not."
76561198202963627,Recommended,327090,22364037,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,savagehunter924,Out of Reach has been a great game for me. I have played it a lot and its a great game to play with friends. What would really make this game is if it had a better crafting system the one right now works just fine and is functional but gets a little boring after a while and you tend to spend too much time gathering resources for your base. there is a mode that makes it easier and faster to get them but its focus is on killing not so much the building part. also the animals are kinda sad they look good and can do their job well but they lack the animal feel they are to much like a robot to me not because of how they move but were they go when they stop and they always come back to the same place its very predictable and not as natural as it should be. Anyways this is a early access game though and they have came out with some great updates that have made it better and I cant wait to see more! for me its a 7/10
,Recommended,327090,21538035,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,ILL,Devs are great and very helpful. First game I played where they gave you materials to get started on a new server when they shut one down that you were playing on. Game is updated often and constantly being improved. It's definitely worth the price!
76561198045503501,Recommended,327090,23342216,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,daretocontemplate,"This is actually my first review and I have 85 games in my library.. I'm telling you, get the game."
,Recommended,327090,17815673,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,xxlaneyxx,Actually really enjoy this game. Player base seems small so far but whatever.Some buggy parts but thats expected with early access games. I really hope this gets out of early access.Edit: I would like to see a gender option as well.
76561198337523651,Recommended,327090,33443093,Posted: 10 July,all,Blood Wolf,I love the game its a cheap survival game and its pretty simple to get used too it can be very challenging mostly with other players but i cant complain about that the combat system is a little hard to use but a few upgrades can go a long way with your gear. The main thing that sucks is that their is not enough players on certain servers or the servers are dead and some players are trying to kill the servers which is kinda weird to me but peoiple play the game how they want to i guess. Again I love the game and im looking forward to new updates and hopfully seeing new players.
,Recommended,327090,17723473,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,bank2,"Fluid movement, a good crafting system better than most current sandboxes out, combat is a bit wonky but hopefully beign fixed. With updates coming this has the potential to be a very good MMO sandbox. Graphics are also wonderful"
76561198060495028,Recommended,327090,24139742,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,My 2000 Pound Life,"This game is great for single player and multiplayer, and if you play with friends it makes the experience even better. The gameplay and the graphics are great (if you have a ""good"" computer) and i can't wait for more updates to come out."
76561198269181573,Recommended,327090,28680979,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,skip hodge,game is amazing its constantly updated and the devs. are paying attention to the players! this game is worth a try.
76561198004066778,Recommended,327090,20672790,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Blade,the raid mechanics for this game are super interesting the game looks average the combat is ok the building and craft system is nice making boats is cool burning buildings is awsome ! not anouth pve content and with minimal players on servers the game is a bore :( get it on sale and hopefully its player base picks up then it will be fun
76561197993494747,Recommended,327090,31243884,Posted: 19 April,all,barry.lippard,"nice game similar to ARKPro'sBig Mapnice graphicshunt was funmining was good getting copper, tin, etc..building was the best bit in the game for me, great player community when i playedlike the treasue hunt and the treasure chests on the island containg stuff, gold coins, pirtate geari played PVE, other players made the game a laugh, teamed up etcconscontrols a bit clunky, but i got use to it after a few hoursAI on the animals poorbascially the game needs more variey, but i accept the game is evolvingplayer movement is slow, needs upgrades to let a player run faster, OR tame and use animals like horses.overall a good game, in the process of evolving, with potential to be a great game."
76561198180663689,Recommended,327090,16629751,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Xjai,Need to make use the fat for fuel...and more type of animals...more upgrades...fishing... farming... breeding...Bug/glitch when stamina is 0 and runing down hill....language pack for other regions of players...asian mostly ???
,Recommended,327090,17787041,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Ducks,"I noticed when buying this incredible game that the negative reviews were complaining about ping, game speed, game community, any the variety of the game. I am here to say they are all wrong. Ping: I have one of the ♥♥♥♥♥iest internet providers $2 can buy. But does this game ever slow down or experience heavy lag? Only about once every week, and even then it only lasts about 30 seconds at most. Game speed: pc gamers are spoiled. All they care about is getting a game to run at 600,000 fps on their $10,000 computer. Well, go ♥♥♥♥ yourselfs, you don't always get what you want. Community: this game has a great community. A random person got lost in the caves one time because his torch ran out. EVERYONE ON THE SERVER PITCHED IN TO HELP FIND HIM AND GET HIM OUT. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ community, my♥♥♥♥♥ Game variety: as you will notice, I have over 50 hours into this game. I still am building new things. Do you want to know why? Because this game has so much ♥♥♥♥ing variety I can't keep up with the updates.TL;DR: buy this game now or I will steal your money, buy it for you, and shove it down your goddamn throat because this is the best survival pc game on the market right now. Do you want to know why? This game has suck incredible potencial. Thank you for wasting time of your life for reading my review."
76561198247946876,Not Recommended,327090,30786759,Posted: 27 March,all,Joehero86,"This game has potential.. to be a sub par version of everything else out there in this genre. the graphics are okay, the crafting system is confusing, the building is glitchy and frustrating, the resources are poorly thought out as far as locations and density (one island for iron? and you didnt see there being an issue devs?). I played for roughly 20 hours.. 20 hours that were full of DC's followed by issues reconnecting. the mere fact that they suggest you modify your router options for the game is terrible and alienates anyone that lacks the knowledge on how to do so (50%+ users) especially with little to no help on how.  Top it off with often spawning in dead at a ""fresh start"" random location rather than your bed which should be default, and then often being in a position where recovering your body in time is basicaly impossible rendering the last few hours of gathering and days of crafting wasted, and putting you back to nearly a complete restart. unacceptable. for these reasons i am requesting a refund and reccomending others steer clear of this game in the state it is in. Sorry devs i know you're trying but all i can say is if youre going to ask for any money at this point beyond dontaion, do better. Even for EA this game is terrible in it's current state."
,Recommended,327090,22295458,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,FuckTrump,"My playtime at this review says 15 hours. It is actually more like 2 hours, the game didn't work on a crappy old computer i had.I was excited to load it up on this new one and see what the game was about. Normally, I wouldn't trust a review with so little time played. But let me tell you my first experieces in this game:Wake up on a beach. Wtf man how'd I get here? I'm holding a rock so I go knock some trees and rocks and get some stuff. I notice a boat nearby, obviously human built. I say fuggit and take it for a joyride to another island right off the bat. As I get there, another player flags me down.I follow him. He shows me how to hunt, how to build. how to survive. I ask him why he's helping me. He said because winter is coming.Only issue is low server population, but it's kind of nice bc you can explore and raid. Runs smoothly on my middle of the road system.10/10 would meet strangers and prepare for an upcoming war of the factions."
76561198101766199,Recommended,327090,33919241,Posted: 30 July,all,Acel,"Space Boat Studios is the exception- Out of Reach is a well done survival game in early access.  Sure, there are some bugs, but 95% of the game is executed masterfully.  Welcome to the islands where everyone's an assclown, we're all starving, and there's never enough wood."
,Recommended,327090,34106924,Posted: 8 August,all,AWFordJr,"A really good game that kind of reminds me of other games like,* Rust* 7 Days to Die* The Forest* ArkI wish they offered a single player version which I think would be awesome, and support for more platforms like XBox One & PS4. I like this game though I have not played it in a while as I lost my gaming PC last year & now am stuck having to play on a laptop that really wasn't intended for the games I love here on steam. In any case if you like survival games & have a decent PC build & fast internet, I would suggest you try this out. On contraire to what some others people have posted & said, Steam is very good about refunding you for games you don't like or have problems with if you haven't played more then 2 hours & you follow their simple refund policy. Also it helps to not be a .... when asking for help. Just makes things easier for everyone involved.If you have tried Rust & like it, then you might also like this game."
,Recommended,327090,24657681,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,It Just Works,Dont have a computer to play rust? play this instead.
76561198181525363,Recommended,327090,16375091,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,EvinLeeArcher,I wanted a game that was more realistic and actualy hard to get supplies I also was tired of having cities to loot I wanted pure survival and thats what I got. I also like the Devs they are active in making the experience more appeling such as when I didnt even relise I was on a Pve server I just choose it because it didnt have any people and after playing for a while Magicoc one of the Devs said this server is changing to standered instead of PvE because of to manhy people logging I asked if I would lose my things and he/she i dont know no you wouldnt so I was ok with it then they said that they would give us supplies but we would have to find them and after playing for a while I stumbled appon a box with alot of food wood 100 flax fabric and 50 iron witch made me happy and liked that the devs where more people instead of just the people who make the game and do nothing else.
,Recommended,327090,21946425,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Mans Not Hot,"its a good game and everyone is saying that it is a bad game, but its quite fun and there are only a few bugs, the developers keep updating it as well. There is also alot of serveres. They could and more maps and worlds which would make the game alot better."
76561198059574308,Recommended,327090,19211549,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,dnhlljr,would just like to say  that..yes  there are  sometimes  a glitch within the game..which is prolly normal for all early access games..but just want to let everyone know that  the Devs  are very prompt  and immediately fix any issues  that we may have  within the game..and are continually making  excellent upgrades  for game performance...the game is loads  of fun  and would highly recommend  anyone and everyone to to buy this game  and ..have  fun always...with it !!!!
76561198023977818,Recommended,327090,23129346,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,leestone85,"This has to be one of the best games if not the best game I have ever played. Started with a rock naked and cold on a beach in the rain. Now running a small mine operation with my partner. Looking for strong able backs for the forest and mine provide equipment, food and shelter and 30% cut of whatever is brought in. Would become shoeless mine forman again 15/10 Jesus Christ Is Lord and Father He loves us all very much and seeks that none shall persish but all come to repentance. God bless you"
76561198044794168,Recommended,327090,16697695,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Stentorian,"So this game is very new but i really enjoy it. Everyone i have come accross has been really nice, apart from a guy who killed me with a rock, teach me to be chopping wood with my tourch out at night. Ive been mostly playing in an empty server (my choise) so i can get used to the game and on a whole it runs really well just a few things that need ironing out. There are regular updates so it keeps me and everyone else happy. cant wait to see how this game evolves."
76561197985023524,Recommended,327090,17711330,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,FaTaL,"I was awaiting for a laid back survival game where the world around is a bit realistic, than a world full of dinosaurs or zombies. Out of reach is adressing right in to that zone, servers are big and available, and game is running smoothly. It is well optimized, so I didn't have any issues while running it with full settings on my laptop with a gtx860. Overall very nice survival game where you can craft, build and farm. Of course there can be lot of things added, but I'm confident with the developers that they are already working on many other features, so this is absolutely a good game to have an eye on, if you like the genre."
,Recommended,327090,17714933,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,WanderFish,I think that it is an excellent game but I am dissapointed that there is no single player. Also there are no AU servers.
76561198084821233,Recommended,327090,17771318,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,totalwreck31,Hi.This game is awesome but there are problems with it.BADDont go caving with only 1 torch as waiting to die in the darkness may take a long time 20mins or more.Fiber and berries as resource is too scarce.GOODi built a wicked castle and trebuchet.been boating with friends.???Continually respawning trees. if u need wood good. if you want a barren area bad.But still this game is FUN.
,Recommended,327090,17608692,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,SOS FryPie,"thought id right a review just because it is a great game and its super suprising not very many people play! it puts rust to shame already and its early early acess lol its very midevil with swords and shields! catapolts and giant mounted crossbows(cant think of what there called) game play is smooth wich is awesome. the 1 and only thing that i am not completely satified with is the bow. the first bow you can make is very weak distance wise, it doesnt seem like the physics are right. but it is a makeshift bow so maybe its spot on realistically. but it is hard to get close enough to be able to hit it(animal) without 10 arrows to find the kill spot just for it to move haha but all in all it makes it fun and challanging just needs a little tweeked. base building awesome. landscape beautiful. animals amazing. buy this game it wont disapoint."
76561198142621908,Recommended,327090,24826098,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,mopkins1971,"Not sure why this game is getting bad reviews - I'm finding it great!Playing on a PvE server, I've gathered wood, stone, plants, metals, killed antelopes and got killed  by a tiger and a rhino.  I've built a base, grown some corn and flax, made a boat and sailed around to the iron island.  I've crafted tools weapons armour and cooked food and made poison arrows.  Gone mountain climbing, cave spelunking swimming, sailing. There's heaps to do!If you like Ark or 7 Days to Die, you should enjoy this - sure there's no dinos or zombies - but the wildlife poses a challenge and you can end up dying to the animal you're hunting.   The crafting system is good, there's a variety of building components you can make and upgrades for most building parts.It runs well on my fairly average laptop, and doesn't require a highend PC to play it - unlike Ark for example.  Looks nice, and no sudden freezes or lockups.If you want a survival game you can play with your friends, and don't mind not having singleplayer mode, I recommend this - it's easy to get into and fun to play!"
76561198035513912,Recommended,327090,23624199,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Sabre,"The developers know what they are doing, they work on one thing at a time and make sure it is solid. Slowly creating one of the best games I have ever played."
,Recommended,327090,20749599,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Awake2,"This is the best investment in a survival game that i have ever made! Why the negetive, i have no idea why anyone would down talk such a masterpeace. So far so ,sooo good, i like the vehicle aspect  most of all, very uniqe!! This game is a must have! The Animals are also off to a great start,luv em."
,Recommended,327090,23785568,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,smotlock,Great survival game. I've played the crap out of it. Currently at 7.50 it's definitely worth the money. It's worth the money when it's 15. It's great to start with a rock and work your way up to several bases and several boats and full sets of armor and weapons. Only problem with the game is that it needs more players so if you like it recommend to your friends.
,Recommended,327090,23959669,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Pendragon,"Precisa ser mais refinado, porém os desenvolvedores continuam em cima, produzindo conteúdo e garantindo apra que o jogo ainda seja um grande survival. Vou dar meu voto positivo por acreditar no potencial que esse jogo tem de bater até mesmo Rust e ARK. Pra cima deles, Space Boat Studios!"
76561198000685929,Recommended,327090,24692261,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Sleeper,"India game studio (indiedb)-- yet alpha----  is not a MMORPG ( sandbox concept with many servers with. max 70 players, game needs some ""blizzard"" server :)---- Game has +/- 1 to 20 players on servers+++ easy game / game is not so much a HC survival simulator, easy building, but thats very positive to all players  (in jobs or in school) gaming is not so time consuming+++ nice interface (will need another adjustment, but has potencial)++++ realy very good tuned engine (a logout will need some fix)+++ has not ultra best graphics, but good graphics for all PC++++ (very good a ""physical"" atmosphere, storms, wind, water, rain, trees and plants in wind+++++ night/day - night is really the night (shorts, but good for tactical)+++++ Moon lighting is very atmospheric++++ also ambient sounds is realy very good____________________________IMHO needs a loading locations (but thats maybe unreal (many money and game is in alpha - game needs a big institutionals investors) -  Life is Feudal trying MMORPG to future in beta versionConcept with many servers isnt ideal. (Ark is maybe the exception)*/ feedback to future/ I would like to see a some elements, some inspiration from the game Life is feudal (to bring together both games)"
,Recommended,327090,17869396,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,SystemAnonymous,"Out Of Reach. Its a good game for those who like survival.Currently I am waiting for more patches/content.I played solo and found it easy to survive and mangaged to find the basics of crafting and base building/upgrading a building.Finding the right places to gather resources is pain in the♥♥♥♥♥Simple early ones are Berry's from Bushes with red berrys on them.Flax is a bush with blue flowers on.Wood = Cut down tress =] (Feels like it takes forever when trying to get certain amounts for base building)Stone = Hit certain rocks that look out of place!Copper = Same as above ^ =]The first person I ever met ingame, was a friendly guy called ""A Duck"".. He helped me out, gave me an axe and taught me some basic stuff.The 2nd person I ever met, was some dude who kills everyone on sight with his friends.. (Group of 3-4)Be aware this game is still early access. But it is fun.But about 85% of the games population are Murders, no matter what you have, they will see you and kill you.1 Item to always remember = Pile.. You can use it for base destruction!I recommend this game."
76561198019913925,Recommended,327090,20682110,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,stijn_tr,"Don't really write reviews, but the mixed reviews need to get out of the way. This game is worth way more than that. The hunting alone is worth more than that. For other reasons just look at the other reviewers. Buy the game, give it a positive review if you like it (you will) and make sure this game becomes properly appreciated."
76561198110298431,Not Recommended,327090,23679842,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,FerretFeelings,"I really can't say that I enjoyed this game very much; as you can see, I have only played it for 3 hours. Like most survival games, you begin as a naked caveman with a rock, and eventually work your way up to a semi-naked caveman with a stick before getting brutally pounded to death by a 12 year old caveboy with a sharp stick.I spent most of my time in this game walking around aimlessly, then later decided to build a small hut. You can hunt various wild animals for food, and cook and eat thier meat to survive, so... yeah... survival. The servers aren't completely empty though, and the community seems cool, so no complaints there.The graphics are sub-par and the animations are shoddy (most if not all the animals' walking animations skip before repeating). The game is also clearly not optimized well, as I experienced some low framerates and stuttering with more than capable harware.  However, It is an early access game for only $15 and I have checked in multiple times and seen some minor gameplay improvement and new content.Is it worth it? For me personally, not really at the moment. But I respect the developers' efforts to improve it, and will be checking in on it again in a few months."
76561198133330018,Recommended,327090,35122508,Posted: 22 September,all,Roki,"I bought Out of Reach on this sale for 7 bucks. I spawned on the beach, saw a house went to check it out, got stuck. Write in the chat for help, devs come help me asap and I get invited to some epic boat event they were hosting on the server. All players got a boat with cannons and went out together to try out the boats. 10/10Except that its a very good game alot of fun to do and everything goes alot quicker than regualar survival games. I had alot of fun with other players and alone, there are so much to do! Recommend everyone to buy Out of Reach"
,Recommended,327090,23974868,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Tatsuhide,Very good so far.
,Not Recommended,327090,25504122,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,ＦＵＣＫＹＥＡＨ,"Guys from RUST who is looking to play another crafting/open world game. This is a no no. Especially from South-East Asian countries, NO. There are no dedicated servers to SEA, lowest ping I've got is 172 (playable for PVE).*This is more PVE based game. PVP/PK players or called Renegades here are marked red on their names above the head. You can also check players online and it shows wether you are a renegade or not.*You can break-in easily using the tools you crafted from just the loots you gathered within an hour. Atleast I did on a stone looking and another wooden big base. BUT, let me say it again BUT you can't take the stuffs inside the storage box atleast 12hrs or 24hrs maybe more after you destroyed a Cupboard thingy furniture.*Trees fall and the trunk stays for a while being obvious that it was farmed. That's good.*Abundant of food. I literally just ignore foods or drop them. It also drops seeds and it grows instantly in one night in-game I think.*Animals don't chase after you like mad from far away. I killed elephants with a bow maybe 5 square foundation away from it.*This is no modern world. There are no helicopters, no turrets, no guns. You however can craft rafts to travel the seas to hop on another island or explore an abandoned ship(?), craft ballista a big harpoon you have to manned to defend your base, craft a siege or catapult to break down walls of your enemies, or craft a glider for you to soar the sky and throw stones to their roof which are easy to craft.*Building bases is like RUST, it has square/triangle foundation and whatnots. But it needs more improvements. You can't easily lay it down and you can't freely choose how the square/triangle foundation faces.*Lastly I hate the cave I went into to mine ore twice. The cave is narrow, very deep and total darkness. You need a torch on your left hand and a pickaxe on your right. Your vision is limited because of the dark, the ores you have to mine are too realistic that they blend perfectly to the environment. While you have an ability like sonar to detect items you can interact on a 4square foundation radius with 2s(?) cooldown. It still gave me a hard migraine (I don't know if it's just me since I generally get headaches when playing first person and you move too much on super dark environments. but this game was the worst migraine I've got).This is my comparison review with only 6hrs of gameplay. Hope it helps."
,Recommended,327090,16367946,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Flameguy4500,"I Love It, At first I was Afraid that this would be the next RUST, but it turns out Players Are Very Friendly, as for bugs and glitches... Give it a while, they litterally just released te game so there's bound to be a lot of Bugs, They are working on fixing most of them, and In a whileit will be almost bug free."
,Recommended,327090,23379889,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,beats,"so far a relaxed survival game, not much challenge yet, but there is potential. for -50% you cant do much wrong. if you set the bar too high and compare it to rust or blame that the unity engine games look the same all over, you might get dissapointed."
76561198205329396,Recommended,327090,23619580,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Jaguar5C,"Great Game. Only fifteen bucks (most games on steam are like 30), nice graphics, much to do. In my opinion, this game is more sandbox than survival. If you are looking for a easy, non-raging game, than Out of reach is your game."
76561198032544493,Recommended,327090,23653663,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Sanlucifer,"The best survival game there is at the moment, realistic and amazing pvp."
76561198275900780,Recommended,327090,23556783,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Joy Unity,"This game is amazing ,totally worth the $15 I spent on it.I would suggest it to anyone who likes online,survival,and sandbox games just my opinion."
76561198129053420,Recommended,327090,16390503,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Slapstick16,"This is a the first Game review for me, however I do play a lot of different types of games and have done several Beta and a few Alpha games.Pros:- Major game improvements in a short period of time they added a few new items in the building feature for boats and housing.- Servers are not slow. I have noticed that certain servers do lag potentially where you are from.- A lot of stuff to do the Change in time was frustrating at first, but the community spoke and the Devs listened. The game has great changes.- Good community so far the addition of PVE servers makes it even better it gives you time to experience the game without the frustration of getting slaughtered by higher level or more experienced players.-Great graphics for an Alpha with any official game release I expect improvements to the graphics.-Building Mechanics are really easy. I enjoy the skills attached to this and how less items are required the more you work the skill. Adds replay value to the game.Cons:- Too many servers the player base is too split up. With a Smaller Player base we need maybe 10 total servers.- Non PVE servers can be frustrating starting but that can be said for any PVP game you are new to.- As for negative reviews please remember the time they spent playing the game was limited. Any experience in a game can not be based on less than 10+ hours of game play."
,Recommended,327090,16707611,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,therealestpingu,Great game! Highly Reccomend!
76561198149272388,Recommended,327090,16769603,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,wierdwierdo999,"This game is really fun and addicting, but i wish there were more typed of walls to build, like stone walls for example. Otherwise this game is very fun and I would reccommed this game to everyone."
,Recommended,327090,16772098,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Deathy,This game really deserves a chance to try.
76561198112461716,Recommended,327090,29822821,Posted: 10 February,all,costencucaius,"My first opinion is that this game totally worth that 15 € price ! I got 100+ hrs and I recommended this game for everyone who is looking into adventure with friends :Jump into the mysterius world ,fight,burn,survive! If u're looking for smth like this ,u're in the right place! 10/10 totally recomended"
,Recommended,327090,23423795,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Cpt. Flint,For 7$$ yeah
,Recommended,327090,28841314,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Merlinksz,"Now, don't be fooled by this games small player base. This game is loved by many but just has been pushed a little out of the way by bigger titles. All i can say about this game is that its a must buy for anyone who has a love for pirates, siege weapons, and base building all wrapped in one. The game is a little grindy but as you work your way up and get the hang of all the mechanics, everything should fall into place and this will become a game you love."
,Recommended,327090,29541023,Posted: 28 January,all,Mitrius,"Really good and fun game.The building system is fun.The food management is easy so you don't starve easily (which is a pain in other games)There is a lot of updates.Building, crafting, treasure maps, fights, siege engines, boats, flying machine...When you have a project (building a castle or a fun structure) then you find the motivation to gather resources.Anyway, the more you gather the more you get, as your skills gains esperience (as well as the tools get better).There is also an audio chat system, so you can speak to people you meet."
76561198010183162,Recommended,327090,35182056,Posted: 24 September,all,Milfbait,"So I've played about 7 hours so far and have had a blast. I have 2 ARK accounts with well over 4k hours between them and left ARK some time ago when they introduced Power Armor and Lasers and all that bunk. I was looking for something not so crazy and unbalanced as ARK and discovered this game on sale for $7.50 and thought, what the heck, let's try it out. The idea of being a pirate and having a ship with cannons seemed to appeal to me. My 7 hours of initial play were on an official Standard server called Timberfrost or something like that. Ping was around 53. My computer is about 5 years old with a GTX 670 Ti Video card and on high graphics I am getting a consistant 43 FPS. The graphics are nice, not too shabby at all, reminds me of ARK so they are probably using the same engine.You wake up with a broken ship's rudder as your weapon/tool. Do the basic collect this and that, while you are guided by a tutorial questline that teaches you the basics and advanced elements of the game. Learn to hunt, go into caves for metal, yada yada. I was in a cave and came across some poor smuck and killed him for all his booty. I'm a pirate after all! 600 copper and 100 tin he donated to me, after which he logged out and probably rage quit. Sorry bud! I'm not really much of a PKer but what the heck. I built a little wooden base and logged out after 5 hours to take a short break. Upon logging back in about 30 minutes later, I heard a knock-knock, knocking of my door. Seems someone was trying to bash their way in. I patiently awaited on the other side of the door and after a couple more swings, he was in. Or rather he tried to get in because at that moment I leapt upon him and whacked, smacked, and cracked him with my bronze axe. Down he went... and he was only able to hit me once. Boy he had lots of loot on him, including a steel axe, some seige bolts, and a flintlock pistol with 10 bullets, along with some pirate armor. Oh Boy! I repaired the damage he did to the house, fortified it, and then moved away, knowing he would come back eventually when I was offline. Now he can waste his time bashing down the 20 doors and extra walls I placed just to find nothing.So I'm having fun... and this is what playing a game is about. Heck I would pay full price for this at $15 but at $7.50 it's a steal. I haven't noticed any bugs in my short time. Sure it's a slowly evolving game but all the elements are there for you to enjoy. The server population might not be the greatest but so far I'm content with not running over a bunch of other players all the time. Anyway, if you buy the game, come to Timberfrost and look up Jadeheart. Don't mind helping new people out."
,Recommended,327090,23301927,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Haddock,"Okay game, could use some more bug fixes and texture upgrades"
76561198022131447,Recommended,327090,23332384,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,PamaDice,"Played the Game for 4 hours straight so far and I can tell that I really like it! There is a lot of stuff to do: Exploring, building, fighting, crafting... A lot of content for the cost of the game (especially when it is on sale).It looks quite good and runs ok, so give it a try!"
76561198164972045,Recommended,327090,18878198,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Handsome Hamis,Realy good game
,Recommended,327090,33392243,Posted: 8 July,all,Ghillie Assassin,Not many people herd of this game but its a solid and fun game for $15 i would recommend.
,Recommended,327090,23569640,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Shytastic Gamer KORPZ,"-Joined a server with my husband.-Tried finding eachother based on what we could see.-Figured out there is a map.-Found eachother.-Started looking for a place to build a base.-Found the PERFECT beach.-Collected wood for shelter.-Built foundation for shelter.-Collected more wood.-Finally got walls on our building.-Started a guild.-Collected more wood. (it takes a lot of wood, man!)-Finished our house.-Got offline for the night.-Got back on the next morning.-Building was gone.-Rage quit.So yeah we then decided to try a non-pvp server.-Found eachother easily with the map feature.-Found a beautiful spot next to the woods.-Collected wood.-Died from tiger.-Found our way back to our foundation of a base.-Collected more wood.-Built walls for our shelter.-Got offline still sceptical about our building lasting.-The next day, it was still there! (so happy!)-Got more wood.-Fought an elephant and lost.-Spawned in my bed.-Killed a rhino.-Got ambushed by another tiger...10/10Would build my base in an animal spawn again ^-^"
76561198180359182,Recommended,327090,20736180,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,SinisterSteve,Great game lots of fun with friends
,Recommended,327090,25228421,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Smollik,"still needs alot of work but the good news is the devs keeps updating the game, and atleast in this days are a nice thing"
,Not Recommended,327090,26202359,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Nature9,Game is too boring and the there is too few players online. I think there is much better survival games in Steam
,Recommended,327090,23982167,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,-SPoKTIVE ツ,"Graphis are good, and player's are very friendly someone is invate me his own home that was very kind sitiation i like that game!"
76561198126352217,Recommended,327090,20737239,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,warrenthetaurusking,very fun game!!! and within min the devs responded to an issue i was having playing the game and had a solution to my problem and had me back in the game letteraly within minutes. 10 out of 5 stars.
76561198160489740,Recommended,327090,19465935,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,JhonBlyat,"this game has some insane potential. it could become an really awesome game, altough it feel a bit clunky the gameplay is verry good !"
76561197998942940,Recommended,327090,20686469,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Vendi,This is a good alternative to Rust. Ark and the like if you are tired of Zombies and/or Dinos.Worth the seven fitty on sale.
76561198172425239,Recommended,327090,19342262,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,The Wolfman,"The best survival game i played ever :).- You can create your own clan.- You can play with friends.- Is not like Player vs Zombies ( what is boring ) and you need survival. Is Player vs Animals or Player vs Player.- You can create your own House / Castle.- Boats, upgrades, FUN.- Copper, Iron, Tin from special Islands.- Fat, meat, bones, skin from animals.- More and more :)I recommend you to start play 10-30 hours on PvE (And build house, meet friends, learn how to play) and then start to play with friends on PvE server :).Best survival game i ever played! Recommended!"
,Recommended,327090,22137224,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Ahille hellcase.com,Very cool survival game! Tottaly recommend it for a starter.
76561198022598919,Recommended,327090,22153749,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Mrbonglongshlong,i like this game its a fine crafting game its like rust and life is feudal so if you like both those games then youll love this one
76561198228508592,Recommended,327090,23315745,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Primal [MEDIC],Great game! I was going to refund it first but i'm glad i didn't do that :)I really enjoy this prerelease game.Just was hard to find the stuff to craft sometimes but it feels rewarding if you can craft it.
,Recommended,327090,24962568,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,︻芫═── TD ︻芫═─,Good survival builder worth looking into if your into into survivals
76561198020322424,Recommended,327090,23588692,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,ĻØŴ ƤƦŐƑĩĹĔ,Liking it. Reminds me of Rust legacy feeling. Ish...
76561198210354468,Recommended,327090,19810734,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,staticcrasher,I've played Rust and DayZ but this game is my favorite so far in terms of survival and crafting. Looking forward for future updates.
,Recommended,327090,23364808,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,CarlEatshands,"I have played this game for 12 hours now and I must say it has almost exceeded my expectations. I bought it on sale so I decided to jump on it. After watching some youtube videos, I knew a lot on how to play it. The grind for materials is big. I enjoy it since then I would never get bored. Caves and mountains are the only places for minerals (Caves are dark! Take a torch). There is one island that has steel so you have to build a boat and explore. The level system and achievements have you striving for a goal. The different animals are great. Elephants, Rhinos, and Hippos will warn before they charge you. Boats and Gliders for easy travel. Rain, thunder, and lightning (doesn't touch the ground yet). Though I haven't done any PvP yet, just using the bow on animals shows the PvP will need work. There is treasure you need to find since you need gold coins to upgrade certain items. This game has been released for a year, it wouldn't be fair to compare this game to today's Rust or today's Ark. If you don't enjoy games that have early access flaws, this isn't the game for you. Most negative reviews are from people who are used to EA games YEARS into development or those that didn't read the dev's instructions on how to avoid crashes. Those games are smoother and clean. You're not going to get that with a game that literally released almost a year ago. This game has a lot of potentional and the dev's are active. Updates are constant. Use 2 hours and give it a shot. I absolutely love this game."
,Recommended,327090,23407529,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,fernando,"Pros;there are pvp servers and pve serves.in pve servers you can't destroy others properties and you can't kill others players (in pvp servers you can)in pve servers, people are willing to help you with resources.it's easy to make ""friends"" and play with a team.you have a map to not get lost in the world and you can set customs markers.it's realistic: rain extinguishes fireCons:still betafew playerscould be the tree tale/mineral mining  faster.no idea about how to contact with a server admin (in case that would be necessary)"
76561197997817671,Recommended,327090,23368659,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Yogi the Bear,"The game is early access so there are things that will change but as of right now these are my pros and cons list. i am sure there will be stuff i may leave out but hte basics to get started is what I will explainPROS:Lots of resources all over the place.Easy User Interface (menus crafting etc...)Controls pretty basic, some new stuff using F1-F5Graphics are nice, warm crisp feeling.Level up system the more u use it the better u are at it (example cut down a tree u get 1 wood per hit lvl it u get 2 wood per hitCONS:Not a lot of active players on servers the most I have seen was just over  10Building takes a lot of resources, spend an hour cutting trees and stone to only build a few floors tilesThe Leveling system as it only takes less time to cut or gather, trees bushes stones have a set number u can get from them. 15 wood a tree, can take awhile to get say 400 wood or more. so it is time consuming."
76561198043375929,Recommended,327090,23476011,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,THRESH,Do not let your torch run out in the copper mine...
76561198052742387,Recommended,327090,28770255,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,noinrave,"Well I have spent a very enjoyable 14 hours so far exploring and building, this is what I wanted Dayz to feel like, considering it is in alpha I am very impressed. I have only had one crash which is fantastic. I think this is a little gem of a game it might not look the best buyt the game play makes up for it. I didnt think i could enjoy cutting down trees so much. Big thumbs up buy it you wont be disappointed!"
76561198306488974,Recommended,327090,28359927,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,RunnerGunner,This game combines great crafting elements with some DAYZ don't trust your best friend type PVP.  I play in a group of three but the game is balanced enough to where a single player can wreak havoc across the map.For the content that's there and quality of the game you can't beat the price.
,Recommended,327090,17712667,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,ixhazem,i don't have fun anymore playing it.the mechanics of everything are bad.servers empty.i hope the devs make something new.this is suppose to be negative review but i can't do it RED.
76561198349085041,Recommended,327090,31832315,Posted: 18 May,all,Bizzle616,"This is such a good game, not for the faint hearted who cant handle being raided. this is such a cool direction for a game like this. the only thing i would like to see introduced would be alternate boats and a land vehicle of some kind. apart from that i think its an amazing game!"
,Recommended,327090,17613395,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Roska,You wanna play rough? OK!!!!!!!
,Recommended,327090,21986055,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Andy29uk1,very good game fun to play with mates
,Recommended,327090,23306905,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,MisterSisterFister,Loved this game alot.Staff is very helpful and very very friendly. the game its self is completly flawless in my eyes and i will continue to playuntill the day i die!DO TRY!!
76561198128285530,Recommended,327090,17919223,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Jake,its very good so far !!!
76561198263254484,Recommended,327090,21063230,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,goodfella187ca,"Dont be swayed by mixed reviews.Worth every penny, even at full price. Minutes turn into hours..days....weeks! Join the non pvp servers and build whatever architectural wonders come to mind.Just dont forget your builders desk."
76561198006779084,Recommended,327090,25940228,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,wolfcub,"There are 3 types of servers.  Red for KOS, PVP, Yellow for renegade and protector, and Green for PVE. I have been on the Yellow and Green sites. On the Yellow site i was attacked for no reason, there was no one on it for hours which was nice. But i moved to a Green server, that was so i could build in peace, but whats neat about it is you find what you need and grind away, but the animals are wild. I was killed by a Rhino, Hippo, Elephant and Tigers. All caught me by surprise. Some at night, others during the rain and sometimes while harvesting meat. I was able to caught fish in my net and not get killed by the antelope. So far the crock has not killed me, but it has gotten others, trying out their swimming skills.  There is mining and of course crafting. ALL is safe with a builders desk on it, and boats are safe if the dock there moored to has one .. Otherwise your boat will be borrowed for a short time or forever. Boats can be upgraded to be motorized.   There are caves to get lost in and a little common sense (not so common) to get you out.  Different Biomes. Lastest being volcanic. The game is regularly updated. Thanks dev' s for having a survival game with no monsters or zombies.  :)"
,Recommended,327090,22232441,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,We All Love PorN,GooooooooooD
,Recommended,327090,23951018,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Micolho,"Recomended... Well optimizated and well designed for a survival game in a early acess fase, and always adding more weapons and other things... Worth 15 euros that i payed for it :D"
,Recommended,327090,21378004,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,∞ Gooby,I really like this game. It's great to play with friend.PROS-Lots of servers-All Multiplayer-Lots of stuff to doCONS-Most servers only have a few people onThat's about it.
,Recommended,327090,16455733,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Preston Frost,i love this game very friendly people and with the new gamemodes added no pvp :DTHANK YOU DEVELOPERS :D :D :DP.S. Character Customization Please :D-Preston
,Recommended,327090,19097729,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,FrancisThunderF**K,"Out of reach is a solid game considering its early access, and for the price its worth it, the game is basic but with a friend you'll blow off hours without knowing although if you're like me you're only going to enjoy Out of reach for 30+ hours or so until it gets a boring. Out of reach differs in the survival aspect, you'll find yourself not having to drink water or catch any diseases and or sicknesses.Pros-Simple build systemClan systemVariety of animalsVery well optimised for low end systemsGood price rangeCons-very basic and easy to gain items fastEasy to surviveNot alot of content, this is why the game gets boring fastNot  a very time investing game"
,Recommended,327090,23447320,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,☯ SlickDotExE ✌ ☠,love the game so far cant wait for more updates!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,327090,30036550,Posted: 19 February,all,stevo_331,The game is better played with freinds. and don't go near those damn elephants.
76561198061926556,Recommended,327090,18870846,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,watcher,i really enjoy playing out of reach its like rust and its awesome to play with friends and create a clan the combat system is very well made and the base building is very easy and basic to master the crafting is a really nice and the skill tree is usefull.You mine for iron and copper ore and chop down trees and craft tools
76561197998953428,Recommended,327090,22283154,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Kipriou,"I can't understand why, compared to similar alphas, number of buyers is less numerous. Maybe just because this one has no fire weapons (but various melee and range weapons), no explosives (but trebuchets), no cars (but boats and glidders).The map is well thought with a lot of places to build in various ways, UI is working well, not any breaking game bugs, well optimized, good mechanics, developpers are active on the forum (and it seems they are working in a very professional way) and updates are regulary without any server wipes.On standart servers (in addition to PVP servers and PVE servers), even if you are raided, you have a time protection (up to 3 days) which enables you to retake your base without loosing everything. So, if you can't play all day long you still have possibility to have fun in PVP environment.Of course we can wait for more items to build and a better AI for animals, but we can't reproach that at that point of development. I didn't want to invest more time in a MMO, but this one get me.To make your own objective point of view, just watchhttp://steamcommunity.com/app/327090/discussions/0/485622866448222524/http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=665775487Jérôme-------------------------------------------------------------FRTraduction Française du jeu quasi intégrale et plutôt réussie, complète.Carte bien pensée, avec nombreuses possibilités de construire avec diversité, l'interface est simple, agréable, aucun bug majeur, bien optimisé, mécaniques de craft logiques et expliquées, développeurs actifs sur le forum, MAJ régulières sans jamais aucun wipe.Serveurs Standarts (en complément de PVE et de PVP) permettent d'avoir une protection allant jusqu'à 3 jours si jamais votre Builder Desk était détruit. Cela permet à ceux qui comme moi ne peuvent pas passer 6h par jour à jouer d'évoluer dans un univers PVP (attaquer base et être attaqué) sans perdre tout en une nuit.IA animale imparfaite (mais on a vu bien pire) et plus d'objets à construire seraient bien venus.Visionner les vidéos dispos sur le forum de steam, mieux que des avis faussement négatifs ou trop positifs.http://steamcommunity.com/app/327090/discussions/0/485622866448222524/http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=665775487Jérôme"
,Recommended,327090,24681847,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,INVNTIV,"I have to say I am really impressed in the progress that has been made over the past 2 or 3 months, what originally I thought was a complete mess is now coming together quite nicely! Very typical crafting/survival game with some neat twists. If you like 7Days to Die, Ark, Rust, etc, give it a shot! The development seems to be steady and the game is featured fairly well compared to 90% of♥♥♥♥♥♥early access games. I give it an 7.5 out of 10 in its current state!"
,Recommended,327090,26401983,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,gusta,"I like the game, but there are no players, maybe if they lower the cost and attract more players it will become a good game to play. But for now it's boring."
,Recommended,327090,30096175,Posted: 22 February,all,The Clown,"HelloI have played plenty of good and not so good titles simular to Out of reach like for exampleRust ,Ark Survival rising world Minecraft allsorts simular in regards to crafting open world exploration and gathering resources and this game by far is the best of its kind.Highly recommend hours and hours of fun.Brilliant 🎮😊"
,Recommended,327090,23502435,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Jakob Heinrich,My experience:1. Spawn in your first server.2. Be confronted by a Russian man.3. All you understand is &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;4. Get killed by other Russians.5. Seek revenge6. Craft a bow/armor7. You are ready for revenge.8. Seek the Russians in the field they killed you in.9. A Tiger and a Rhino charge you10. You die and lose hours of work.11. Restart.11/10 not enough Rhino.
76561198167842339,Recommended,327090,29577013,Posted: 29 January,all,Poppy Vitamins,"When this game first came out, it was not that good. But now it is a very fun game with recent updates. I believe if the developers don't forget about this game it will turn out to be amazing."
,Recommended,327090,20709309,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Big McLargeHuge,"First few hours are learning how to find food, build, etc. There are different game modes for different kinds of players: PvE, PvP, Standard. Give the game a try, so far I like it."
,Recommended,327090,25163665,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,zroc,"Well what can I say. This is one of the best games made since sliced bread.  It's incredaibly realistic in 99.5% of all aspects of gaming elements, from night to day, to walking in caves and in the wild.  My only downside of the game I would point out is that it can be a little too dark and requires manual adjustments of either monitor and/or gaming profiles of your video cards manager. One other thing I would like to point out that is a downer for me, is the amount of wood u have to farm versus the amount u spend while building shelters and what not.  The build prices are too high as well as the pillage factors when destroying builds, is too low.  The game forces more time to players to farm wood than it actually does to play the game and have fun.However, having said that, I would recommend this game to ANYONE and EVERYONE as it has not stopped me from playing and enjoying the game.  Positives of the game aside from the aforementioned is everything else in the game.  The environment from the sun rise to the sun set, the thunder storms which are so realistic, the walking ine the grasslands and having a tiger lundge toward you, can literally scare the crap out of u, especially if your eyes are focused on something else when it occurs.  The building of shelters and what not is awesome in itself.A few suggestions for adding/changing to next release, would be to decrease build costs, increase pillage refunds, decrease the amount of time it takes to farm wood (faster chipping, etc...), make siege builds and weapons harder to obtain and/or build.  Those costs are way too low and need to allow players to establish themselves before getting seiged, etc...Again, this game is probably one of the most realistic and through games, fully polished, that you will play.  If you player ark, then u will love this game.  Ark is too involved and takes toooooo long to do anything. OOR allows and helps u through ur quests, etc... WOuld like to see more quests in the game though!"
,Recommended,327090,23368523,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,TheVampireBat,"Spawned in... got attacked by an elephant... ran away.Found a boat, tried to work the boat... couldnt.Got found by the Captain, he attacked me, I bled and fled.He chased after me and offered voyage.10/10."
76561198120068155,Recommended,327090,17595940,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,FOGO,"AFTER POSTING(DO NOT BUY IF IN AUSTRALIA.NO SERVERS ONLY US N EU VERY HIGH PING, NO PLAYERS)THE DEV'S NOW HAVE AUSSIE SERVERS GOOD WORK GUYS"
76561198125276635,Recommended,327090,23360750,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,!!..JoinT-Da..!!,"As an Early Access game this isn't bad. In fact its pretty good graphics decent fps and there are plenty of things in the game to keep one busy. A survival game in tropical islands in the middle of the sea filled with lush forests and wildlife(rhino,elephant,tiger,deer,zebra,hippo etc..). A siege based PvP mode and for the faint hearted among us there is PvE and Standard Mode servers as well.Will update with the progress of the game. Cheers to the developers for their good work and hoping for even more updates and features."
,Recommended,327090,23316367,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,UKSharon,I have not played for long on here so i will add to my review later as for nowI very much like the look of the game i found it a bit complicated for building i crafted a foundation but got stuck building walls but as i am new to the game and read more of the instructions i guess the more i will learn.Well worth buying and looks like you can have hours and hours of fun.well 4 hours into the game i am loving it i think it is worth the money nice game.
76561198058610626,Recommended,327090,20690561,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Horizonguard,Really fun concept. I enjoy this game a lot
76561198125563208,Recommended,327090,24954895,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,123,A really good game just need those easy fixes love the combat and raiding style good game
76561198309602141,Recommended,327090,24839215,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Mike Wazowski,"This game is so much fun ! I love every minute of it <3 but honestly i would rate this game a 6/10 only because I feel and a lot of people I have played with feel that there is just so much that can be added. New weapons, more building options, more upgrades, more land, different types of ores (gold, plat, diamond etc) maybe guns (rifles, hand guns, tranquilizers etc) an option to make your own boat possibly or a better boat upgrade, more armour, MORE ANIMALS!!!! and please please add a leveling system. I think ARK will always be the best when it comes to games of this genre because it is constantly getting updated and just has soooooooo much more to offer, like way more to offer than this game. Still a great game but I feel like its gonna become like these other games that hype you up for an awesome game than get kicked to the attic with the rest of things you dont want anymore. PLEASE UPDATE AND TAKE INTO CONSIDERATION SOME OF THE THINGS I HAVE LISTED PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE UNTIL THAN 6/10"
76561198031175273,Recommended,327090,22215966,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Semi Green,"apart from the lack of character customisation. its a good gameyou all start as burly, 20's to 30's year old bald male.the game is very similar to 7 days to die, wurm online, dust and minecraft.once you have done the very helpfull tutorials its a make your own content gamejust get used to having to restart over from scratch alot of times."
76561198044678752,Recommended,327090,20623998,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Sonic2144,Actually decent just needs more players. Ignore the hater review buy it.
76561197994093587,Recommended,327090,20625326,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,tbo5150,"Game is awsome, Devs are there to respond to Issues and updates continue to roll in. Private servers are on the way and most of the Commuinty is friendly. Highly recommend this Game."
76561198230177148,Recommended,327090,33574997,Posted: 15 July,all,The Viking,"Probably one of the few games who do survival ""right"". Getting all the items in the game is easy and not extremely grindy (building is slow and cutting down trees is boring, but you won't need to spend forever to have a big enough base).Devs regularly update the game, slowly releasing new features, and ironing out most bugs.The game is set in some kind of ""pirate age"" and has about 30 to 100 hours worth of content (30 if you rush it, 100 if you want all the achievements)."
,Recommended,327090,33513811,Posted: 13 July,all,Magoo,First off i got the game on sale for 7 bucks cant really go wrong.The buidling in the game is fun and simple . Combat is ok still needs something feels lacking .Its not a complete game by any means and raiding needs some work but the devs really seem to listen and want to improve the game!If your bored and want to try a game that's  little different in the survival/buidling genre and want to sail the seas and explore the islands as a pirate give it a try!
,Recommended,327090,18225301,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Killrage699,it is a great relaxing game
,Recommended,327090,18289422,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,BEST4GAMERS,"Kill the lion before he kills you !For true pvp sanbox fans , this is totaly recommended"
76561198116716195,Recommended,327090,18804240,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Dragoth,needs to find flax more often and more animal but a fun game
76561198157033204,Recommended,327090,18255901,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,SimpleMinded,"Amazing game. Just anoyying to get flax but otherwise, its pretty cool"
76561198254113975,Recommended,327090,20785834,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Kepo4ka,"Okay I say yes for recommendation, because the videos I've seen of this game look amazing, Only issues I have so far, I can't join a game, or the game crashes, and I can't seem to find out how to make my own server. I'd like to make my own server that I can play with my brother on to be able to test the game in all it's ""PvE"" glory. It doesn't seem like there is any information on google, as I went through about 19 different Public Forums, about most every game that people play. and none of the people either know how, or are even willing to tell. Just about every comment I get, is either; I would like to know this as well , or No clue bro , I even get those, got Teamviewer bro? people. I hate Teamviewer with a PASSION! I absolutely have no trust for people of the internet when it comes to them routing around in my computer, whether I'm there or not.. but that's another story. Anyway, if you can find out how to run your own server, one let me know, so I can do it, and two have as much fun as you can! and remember this game is still EARLY ACCESS!!!! Nothing in this game's current state is going to match the standards of any AAA game company, it's run by what, 25 people maximum. and that's just off the top of my head, it could be more, but by the looks of it from videos.. not much has gone into it, and seems as if there are not many people fixing the game up, on a constant basis. I'd recommend if they do have under 25 people, they start asking for volunteers, and if the game get's big enough, start hiring some of those volunteers."
,Recommended,327090,23615877,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,[FALC] steve,love it
,Recommended,327090,22145187,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Cobi,"The devellopers on Out of Reach are awesome, the game is kick♥♥♥♥♥ cheers !!!"
76561197997833104,Recommended,327090,25915584,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,dragon,"Out of ReachAs the disclaimer states up front, this is an early access game and will change over time; having said that I feel its one of the best games to come online in a while and I would thoroughly recommend it to anyone that likes this gendre of gaming. I have over 400 hours logged playing this game in most modes and thoroughly enjoy the game, its one of the few I keep coming back to again and again.This is a game of patience and percerverence, so bottom line is if you dont have the patience then don't play it. But if you do enjoy a game that takes time, you will not be disappointed by what you find in ""Out of Reach"".Yes the game is still under developement, but in my opinion that is a bonus as the developing team seriously listens to the feedback from players and acts on the requests were possible. I have been nothing but impressed with each succesive game update and the lengths the developing team goes to in achieving quality, and look forward to what will be released with future updates.There are a few other games I have purchased on steam over the years that keep my interest; but none of them have impressed me as much as ""Out of Reach"" with ongoing upgrades and the developing teams hard work to achieve excellence in a gaming experience."
,Recommended,327090,23419459,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,DeathToll_David,It's a good survival game for people who like a lot of PVE with their PVP. I think the building and inventory controls are very cumbersome and don’t make a lot of sense. Especially since there does not seem to be a way to rebind them. If they would allow that then the game would be better. This game is a plus for those that don’t like getting raided. Even if someone raids you they can’t get your stuff unless you rage quit and don’t repair your base. This game is like a light version of Rust as in it plays similar but it’s for the non-hardcore survival player.
76561197987417649,Recommended,327090,23423137,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,[CSA] NCrawler,"I only have a few hours in game but those few hours have been some of the funnest I've had in a long time.  After I found (stole) a boat and hooked up with my new friends it has been non-stop fun whether we are raiding, hunting or just building our base.  I would most definitely recommend this game.  Well worth the price."
76561198151126959,Recommended,327090,34862017,Posted: 10 September,all,Brickcrusher86,i really enjoy this game heaps and good to see new content ive played for 90 + hours and i would give a 8 out of 10
76561198096730459,Recommended,327090,21992999,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Combat Wombat,"It's a great game! but the devs need to start picking there act up, still  needs a lot of work but only reason games going dead is because they're not updating it as much as they should, i considered getting a refund but tbh i like the game, you can hunt, build your own base, it's a fun game! just need to work on getting more updates out more often apart from that GREAT game!"
,Recommended,327090,23362874,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,ᵃⁿᵘˢզ ღ,Tigers are mad and elephants are cute. This game works good with a sh*t pc and also killing zebras is fun???? -50% from the store and I don´tregret..yet?
76561198058150394,Recommended,327090,17766361,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Neofatal,Awesome game-best of all the other survivals and then some.  If its this good at this stage-get it now!
76561198206810739,Recommended,327090,20656616,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Rickyboby727,"Definietly a good game, just have to see past the smal things and know its being updated and is early access, also more respectful people make for good fun."
76561198359267726,Recommended,327090,29915210,Posted: 13 February,all,MadaTigers,"After sharing this with my brother during 7 months, I've decided to buy a 2nd copy for myself seeing the progress and professionalism of the team who develops this. Very Pleasant to play in group or as a lonewolf."
76561198245388314,Recommended,327090,23824912,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,AYOOSH,Fun game expecially when playing with friends. A good balance in difficutly also so it stays interesting and doable to build everything.
,Recommended,327090,35244935,Posted: 27 September,all,Lucious,"Overall it's a good game, but it is infested with trolls and mingers, I would like to see a ""Favorites"" option so I don't have to pick and guess to find the server I have the most progress on. Graphics are decent, I really like all the animals that live on the islands. Better than ARK in my opinion."
,Recommended,327090,20743006,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,CitroLean,Very fun and addictive lols
,Recommended,327090,21342722,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Jug1212,"I would recommend this game for anyone who enjoys exploration, building, fighting, or just around with friends. However, just a warning, watch out for rhinos and the community"
,Recommended,327090,22850483,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,AsylumJohn,"Much much better version of RUST Legacy. Imagine Rust didn't stop to make a different experimental broken game that kicks you every 5 minutes, but kept making Legacy instead. This is it. Primitive 1600's no guns survival. Expect to die, loss everything often. Not to worry not all that hard to bounce right back. Gathering system resembles ARK/Rust/DayZ Mod meshed together. ""F"" keys control menus."
,Recommended,327090,18010334,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Hydra,Ive Been Looking for a good Game to invest time into And i found it This game could easy break early access if they release a better graphics Update i have played the game for about 2 full days and no regrets buy this game if u want a good game This game needs to be Higher up on the list for survival games its Just great I promise If they Put better Graphics in this game it will be #1
76561198105373395,Recommended,327090,22456451,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Deluxeman,"Prime time game, coming from reign of kings, life is feudal,ark, savage lands. i like this game alot it has detail and feels like everquest"
,Recommended,327090,20689904,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,ibadnick,"Great game with some good graphics, needs improvment on some stuff but I think this game will turn out really good."
,Recommended,327090,21409757,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Jenshae,"The more I play this game, the more of the genius design reveals itself to me.I have experienced none of the UDP problems lately that I mentioned in my unedited review.OOR strikes me as having the core of EVE online.I highly recommend playing on the Official ""Std"" rules servers."
76561198192976123,Not Recommended,327090,25576809,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,BRIBOT,"This game could be fun, but so much work needed. They should of focused on controls, and interactions with animals before anything else. Controls are just not smooth, and not very responsive. I could not play this very long after a Hippo killed me on a giant rock somehow. Stranded Deep has some of the best controls in a survival game i've ever played, if people would only get together to make these games we'd finally have a good one to play!"
,Not Recommended,327090,32104717,Posted: 1 June,all,Beanbag37,"It's ok for an early release, but does need a lot of work with the graphics, gameplay and animation. There seems to be a bug when exiting the game it crashes every time. I'm sure that will be fixed in future updates. Certainly wouldn't recommend it for the price, it's not worth 15 bucks for the stage it's at right now. If the price was dropped to 5 bucks then I would recommend it. Hopfully this will be updated frequently and will not become a grab for cash scam like so many others out there."
,Not Recommended,327090,23085003,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,10thwhovian,"I would not recommend this game. It's not that it is terrible, the crafting is nice and the world is pleasant to look at. The game is just far too easy for a ""survival"" game. I didn't feel even vaguely threatened at any point, even when I came face to face with a bull elephant and a hippo. I found food almost immediately and it took me less than five minutes to gather necessary materials for a spear. While hunting animals seems like it would be difficult, staying alive is not. If you want a casual game this would be good for you but it's not what I thought it would be."
,Recommended,327090,19422703,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Cap'n Tom,I can't even play this game because of my crappy laptop but i will hopefully be able to around christmas.However i had to write this review.You know why?Because when i sought help on why my game wasn't working i got a reply from space boat studios themselves within the hour. Within the fricken hour... Honestly the best game developers i've ever seen.
76561198166469738,Recommended,327090,19165773,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,ALOOSH,Devs update the game regularly and actually put into consideration the reviews of others. The game is alot of fun especially when you have a group of people to play with.
,Recommended,327090,20279401,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Puddin_TheKrow,"This game is great, its got so much potensial!The fact that you always can upgrade you're stuff is absoluty perfect.Oh you got a boat after some time scavanging, why not scavange some more and you got a motherplopping steam-boat!Go into this game without knowing little to none about it, and you will have a great time!(pro tip: Iron is located south of the main island, on Iron Island)The gliders are funny.If you enjoy raiding, you will not love this game though, cause the bases are pretty stirdy, and you won't make it through, if the builders knows what to do.Really wish there was a sea monster in it though (you will get it when you scroll through the map, i had my Ballista ready for Nessie. Only found Crocs, and they scared the living ♥♥♥♥♥ out of me! Oh! and whats the deal with tigers on deserted islands?Really hope they add in a lot more fun stuff, really an underrated game in my opinion! Should have a sh#t ton of more players online! Would be awsome with insane Ballista steam boat wars! Great buy, and at a price of 50% off, you won't regret it! Would have bought it for full price also!"
76561198081752330,Recommended,327090,16341741,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,ShadY,finaly a nice game! no more modern weapons just u and the wild!
,Recommended,327090,20774688,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,pinkstriptie,"ok this game is AWESOME and runs really well on my macbook pro. ark and rust have NO easy way to reduce lag and smooth fram rate. this game does it for you with simple words. from beautiful to fastest. since im on mac book i click on the fastest setting. i still get resolution that isnt poopy but smooth frame rates. as long as i dont build near big projects i dont lag at all. LOVE THE SMOOTHNESS. makes me feel like im playing a blizzard game.ideal fixes- only two tiers of bows... a crossbow would be nice, then you can make it with wood, flax, and steel.(steel arrows)- torches, fire, and moon light are not very realistic, real life is brighter then this(not a big deal).  but would like to see a oil lamp(fat). maybe a torch mount for the boat.- no steel pickaxe or atlest a iron one- too much tree cutting!!!!!!!! lets move it to 500% for trees on pvp. this alone is going to make me leave. i like cutting trees but damn!!! all i do in this game is cut trees.- bone tools/weapons... i think are a waste of data.- too much tin, i mean way too much. i only need 200 tin to make 2000 bronze. but i have 1000 tin in 10 hours, worthless crap tha has one use.- on that note, stone! not many uses either. its ok though long as my game dont lag.- the copper to iron ratio on iron island is way too much for this island to be call iron island, needs to be call copper island. need to make it harder to make a boat on iron island, so lets remove some copper. saves data room for a smoother game. we DONT need more iron just less copper to fool me.also i would love it, if the iron cave didnt have copper at all. spawn copper on the island but dont waste our time in the dark looking for iron and we find over 2000 copper in one cave expolration and only 200 iron.- steam boat needs one more upgrade.... a steel furnace so i can put more then a small amount of wood in it so it will go longer. maybe that oil lamp can be part of the upgrade to bigger furnaces too.- players can block up the iron caves in pve that way no one gets in, and you cant pilage and burn the place down. so if the person is a jerk, they can block the cave on a server forever.- no iron tools/weapons/armor...why we skipping the iron age(the greatest age, the age that made more and did more then any age before steel.)and going stright into steel? we are castaways on a pacific island, steel is a 100 times harder to smelt, in real life you wouldnt be able to smelt steel in a little wood furnace, it would also take a lot of energy. steel shouldnt even be on the list of stuff you can make on a castaway island(like steel but need make a realistic way to smelt it. replace the bone tools for iron. we can use extra bones to build fast armor in pvp. this will make it easier to get on full server and really try to survive.- new energy for steel smelting or a bigger wood furnace so its realistic.(turn wood to charcoal for a higher energy smelt for steel.this to me,  is all a problem. this could make the normal person hate this game when you decide to drop it for xbox or ps"
76561198238857430,Recommended,327090,20850008,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Herkillio,amazing
,Recommended,327090,24564810,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,UnicornPornHD,So far it's pretty fun to play with friends for a limited time. Can't wait for more updates and content to play with. So far so good! Keep up the good work devs!
,Recommended,327090,28839169,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,SoulStealer91,hatch hatch hatch go in and kill..... really good game...Don't judge the graphic this game is really good.Updatas often
76561198136109565,Recommended,327090,20781176,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,kodak black,the game is good needs more players and needs more love put into it the idea is good id say the game is worth it for the 8 dollers it was but now the 16 it is right now so if you want it buy wait till its 8 dollers again
76561198067849978,Recommended,327090,18362493,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Thekillersnore,The core base of the game shows a solid amount of promise. I feel it was released way too early for any type of preview as the game simply has minimal to offer currently. The skill progression system is a brilliant idea. This game will likely be worth investing into after several more months of updates.
,Recommended,327090,20704067,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Shakira Magala,"Okay I say yes for recommendation, because the videos I've seen of this game look amazing, Only issues I have so far, I can't join a game, or the game crashes, and I can't seem to find out how to make my own server. I'd like to make my own server that I can play with my brother on to be able to test the game in all it's ""PvE"" glory. It doesn't seem like there is any information on google, as I went through about 19 different Public Forums, about most every game that people play. and none of the people either know how, or are even willing to tell. Just about every comment I get, is either; I would like to know this as well , or No clue bro , I even get those, got Teamviewer bro? people. I hate Teamviewer with a PASSION! I absolutely have no trust for people of the internet when it comes to them routing around in my computer, whether I'm there or not.. but that's another story. Anyway, if you can find out how to run your own server, one let me know, so I can do it, and two have as much fun as you can! and remember this game is still EARLY ACCESS!!!! Nothing in this game's current state is going to match the standards of any AAA game company, it's run by what, 25 people maximum. and that's just off the top of my head, it could be more, but by the looks of it from videos.. not much has gone into it, and seems as if there are not many people fixing the game up, on a constant basis. I'd recommend if they do have under 25 people, they start asking for volunteers, and if the game get's big enough, start hiring some of those volunteers."
,Recommended,327090,24638929,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Reaperkiller,"Best sandbox in a while purchased ARK SURVIVAL FAILED every time. Purchased Out of Reach easy building nice upgrade system would like to see more in updates IE;- TRAPS , PITS for capturing larger prey , Mine building."
,Recommended,327090,33634037,Posted: 18 July,all,Outlaw Eclipse,this game is good and great with all its devolpment so far and looking forward to much and excited updates
76561197995687118,Recommended,327090,31333038,Posted: 23 April,all,Scruzo,"nice nice game, need more players, game sees updates and all the good stuff =)"
76561198044262347,Recommended,327090,23403030,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,LadyD,"only 8 hours in, playing in a friendly server, I'm not an expert or a big gamer. well I love to game but find it very difficult to find one that makes me want to log back in.   I'm logging back in.   The game has been playing well, I havent had any problem where I have to relog back in.  The only trouble I had was getting my building desk to take possesion of my beach hut.   The tag on the top was a little confusing to me.   Other than that its pretty easy to get through the initial learning curve.  I do recommendNow 30 hours in, still an enthusiast but there is one thing that is annoying me over and over.  The night comes.....you wait ....finally the sun comes up...and that takes a min....ok you can see and off you go exploring and then comes the thunderstorms.  Again you are in the dark....and it rains and rains and rains...the amt of time you have to explore seems somewhat compromised by the lack of natural light."
76561198283715777,Recommended,327090,23409144,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Jon Cale,"I had my reservations when i bought the game and im glad to say that it is well made game but in need of lots of improvments.the good:-player run servers, this gives you more choices when selecting a server and also if your lucky you can work with the server owner to improve your game play wether it be PVE or PVP, increased resource gathering, and structer decay.-crafting system is well thought out and a little complicated at first but once you get the hang of it youll never want to go back to the click and craft style again. probably one of my favorites in a long time.-upgradeing: instead of having a million diffent types of structures (exmp: walls and windows) you have a set wood wall which can be upgraded to stone.-the graphics for the sceneory and weather are outstanding (for as early in the game stage this is) most games you only see flashes in the sky, representing lightning, here you can actually watch the bolts strike. i have found myself just watching the sunrise and set in this game.-physics: shooting a bow and arrow actually has drop and requires adjusting aim to compensate.building foundations are required to keep certain structures stable(such as bridges) so you can only build so far horizontaly before it warns of instability due to foundation.The BAD:-no ingame options: to change the volume of certain things or graphics you have to log out and adjust.-lighting: at night you can hardly see anything even with a torch, the cave were there are treasures and nice loot are extremly hard to navigate and it turns into a bling wall clinging adventure that becomes  more obnoctious then exciting. no therew is no light adjustment at this time in the options.-if you find yourself  in someone elses house and the door is shut... you are stuck just die of starvation and restart. unless you get lucky and the admin or the owner happens to on.-storms and night: this kind of goes with the lighting, there is atleast 2 to 3 storms that role through a day which sucks because they last about 15 minutes and its really difficult to get things done when its pitch black outside. for night time it just takes to long. (this is something that isnt a big issue if the would adjust the lighting a little.Really thats it for the bad there are a few more things i find irritating but i wont put them down because im sure they will be fixed at a later date.I not only recommrnd that you buy this game i would encourage you to because it will be a great game but only if we show faith in it. It is worth every cent of the $14.00 and more. support the future of game design and buy this one, you will not regret it."
76561198274401669,Recommended,327090,23431471,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,boboooshwetalee,no singleplayer :( other then that is a great game
76561198187840365,Recommended,327090,23425310,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,crayontom,good but have some issue with my compter canot play anymore sad
,Recommended,327090,28381637,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Vinnie,"So worth the money, absolutely awesome support team (fast and accurate help) and overall a awesome game!"
76561198020917084,Recommended,327090,27849914,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Rude,great game very fun to play keeps you busy untill you finished building a base then lost intrest as there wasnt much else to do
76561198094954378,Recommended,327090,28352933,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,adbumgarners,A decent little game.  Am anxious to see further developments as it definitely needs a little more content.
,Recommended,327090,28359280,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Shiro,"Please support this game while the devs are stilll alive, nice, and really active. This is such a great game with so much potential more than what became of some other survival sandbox games out there.I can only give this game an 8/10 for the needed bug fixes and lack of population for players. But this is such a potentially damn good game I'm personally giving it a 10/10 so far with only 100 hrs in.PLS BUY IT AND LET'S PLAY"
,Recommended,327090,35279296,Posted: 28 September,all,mzehr04,"Takes a little time to learn the game, but once you do, it can be a lot of fun. The quests are like a tuturial that teaches you how to play the game. Graphics are ok. It is not much of a survival game, as it is really easy to survive. It is more of a base building game."
76561198015454441,Recommended,327090,20504899,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,StandupCashew46,"Well just bought this game my views on it so ar is  the trees,plants mountains all look good animals work well.The crafting is ok a few tricky bits to work through ie the builders table to add people for permission seems weird anyway the crafting is pretty good.Long term i think this game will take off they are starting to sort out servers better so soon people can have their own to mod or whatever they want to do.is the ame worth it yeh i think it is its not rust so dont compare to rust lol"
76561198242708414,Recommended,327090,17727913,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,melt D.N.A,great game but i have a few requestes it needs better performence on the mac and you've got to make guns and more animals and also stuff is to expensive please change this its a really fun game to play.
76561198145413374,Recommended,327090,18414220,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,OmegAArcher02,Awesome Game!
,Recommended,327090,18638954,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,{HB} Android D Rex,"Out of Reach, the story of my life goals, 10/10 would play again!"
76561198286593883,Recommended,327090,22122257,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Controller-Man-Dan,i have played console all my life but have always wanted to play games like these so picked up a cheap pc and upgraded it a bit all round 85 pound it cost so its def not a gaming rig i3 2120 gt 430 1gb 6gb ram so i was so surprised how well this games runs and it still looks decent very playable and enjoyable aswell have tried a few survival games and i have to say this is proably the best one so far plus the fact it runs good other ones say i can run without a problem but yet thats not true so i have to say well done devs wat a brilliant game 10/10
,Recommended,327090,19448638,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,They Call Me Dirty Dave,"Well having played this game from really early on like the first 2 1/2 months this game was on steam, I have to it has really come along nicely. They have weekly updates to fix small bugs and look at banning anyone trying to use game-exploits, They had to recently bann some people that where causing generalised havoc with all the new players and even the vets, But that is in the past now,They have added a 4 hr spawn protection as long as you don""t attack another player or anyones house it stays on in effect. Also if you want to see upcoming things look at this link here >>>http://steamcommunity.com/games/327090/announcements/detail/79173966162348181. so I hope to see you all looking for a new game thats not like RUST or ARK , Then this is the game for you and its cheaper :)"
,Recommended,327090,17737251,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Xerxes,Just got it. Played 3 hours non stop. GET it. Do it. Hunt zebra with me brother.
,Recommended,327090,17748607,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,quintal,bretty gud. Not enough cancer.
76561198044004667,Recommended,327090,23429378,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,willkiller1234,The most interactive and dynamic survival game out there.
76561198311304475,Recommended,327090,24975722,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,CallMeDaddy,"There are many mixed reviews for this game. I dont understand why to be honest with you. This game is great and especially for the price. I absolutely love this game and everything it offers. Most of the negative reviews come from people who have not played the game long enough to see it in its entirety. The beginning hour or two can be rough trying to get basic tools and a house but after this he game rocks. The building is incredible, you can basically build whatever you want and the community of players is amazing. The majority of players are bros and will help you learn the game if you ask them. There are few jerks who just try and kill you. I highly recommend this game if you are even considering it, buy it!!!!!"
,Recommended,327090,34221607,Posted: 13 August,all,killzman,"Good game lots to do, kinda like ROK or rust. more of a rok feel just kinda doesnt have that many people playing it sadly if more people were playing the game it would be better. servers die down at night"
,Recommended,327090,24718192,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つTerreas123,This Game is Actually Pretty Darn GOOD!!!!!
76561198088388614,Recommended,327090,21036129,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,The Devils Master,so far its not what i wanted...BUT i think it is going to  go far...i think if you give it time its going to be a great game
76561198173812990,Recommended,327090,22166057,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,AyViper,if your looking at this review id ask you why are you not buying it its a really fun game
,Recommended,327090,18504645,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,gSiCK,"I downloaded this game recently. I love survival, building games (minus minecraft.. can't get past the 8-bit resolution of it lol) Anyway, the mechanics of building are very similar to early rust alpha. The play and graphics seem more similar to that of ARK, with a bit of Reign of Kings action.. Which is a really awesome concept for a game! Only thing wrong was the population.. There were only a couple of servers with more than one person on them. The screen was also in a weird format. This game has a lot of potential, I mean A LOT of potential, to be an amazing game. I do recommend trying it, I will be following it some more, and possibly redownloading this game in the future. As of now, I'm sorry, but I had to refund it =\All-in-all, a great game with loads of potential. Remember, if you buy it, it's in early alpha. It's brand new, there are some minor things wrong with the game, but it seems as though the Dev's actually care about this one. Unlike Gary, who created Gary's Mod and Rust, just adding more features and not fixing the ones that are wrong."
,Recommended,327090,22562930,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,zuG,Buy it
76561198262512491,Recommended,327090,24251219,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Chaos.|Ashma,"good game I enjoy looting  , building ,, the good thing no hack ..no cheat  all  player enjoy and friendly play"
,Recommended,327090,21030823,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Lambpage,"The game is a blast for what it is. Just needs more players. If you enjoyed Reign of Kings (before the horrible weapon imbalance/hit detection), Darkfall 1, or similar games, give it a shot.TLDR: Rust with primitive/medieval tools. Worth the money."
,Recommended,327090,23414915,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,TriggerTactix,"THIS GAME IS HILARIOUS. Its really early so there isn't a ton of things to do, unless you're creative that is. IT'S A FRIGGEN BLAST.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LXS89Fu9F8c"
76561198250879970,Recommended,327090,23529610,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,ki1335,This is a great game it's gone so far and will continue to go far i think the devs are doing great and there about to add some pretty cool features to the game such as island claiming and not just that but pirate ships that you can attack other ships and bases wiith taking this game from medeivial to what ithink is the late 1700 to early 1800s
76561198124059474,Recommended,327090,18844643,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Medioka cheesekake,"I can no longer join the servers for reasons unknown. I wouldn't mind some help maybe it's becuase I'm on window10 now? All in all good game and would recommend to others to go and check out, and I think all though the base building is currently very slow this game has great potental if it makes the right choices.9/10"
,Recommended,327090,28226218,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,zar,"could be a great game, but like everyone else is saying, it lacks a community."
,Recommended,327090,23132106,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,YAY_TACO,Really enjoying the game.
76561198278220421,Not Recommended,327090,26208264,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,boonyito mosyliny,"This game is way too early access to be fun - excessive lag, long loading times, and few players. It's also multiplayer only."
,Not Recommended,327090,23009828,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Magnum,"As of writing this review the most populated server only had 12 people on it on a weekend, and no matter what my video settings were i never got more than 45 avg fps.Also this is game is very slow paced, especially the sprinting is more a walking pace shooting the bow takes ages and combat isn't satisfying in any way.Sooo, maybe try this game out in a few months, but as it stands now this is a very very boring, poorly made Rust clone."
,Recommended,327090,16274167,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,nikolai60,"First Impressions/Ep 1 of Let's Playhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0rYE7-2TjLIReview to come!What I've seen so far:It took some time to get moving, but that seemed to be more bad luck then any fault of the game. While it's clear it's not done, it's still in pretty good shape, and is fun. I do wish they  had a type of solo mode, but I can get why they don't have one. One thing I hope they ad is more tooltips, just for some clarification since the tutorial isn't done. Still, as Early Access goes, it's in really good condition so far, and I'm already excited to see more."
76561198180048597,Recommended,327090,20976567,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,PixieProductions,really good i recommend it but i have so MUCH LAG!!! ITS CRAZY!!
,Recommended,327090,28867442,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Dreczek,"Out of Reach is a nice game, has good graphics (not the best though). Learning how everything works takes time, but after a while it's worth it. I bought the game in the steam Wintersale, and for the sale-price it's a funny game!"
76561198085218229,Recommended,327090,20010160,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,sonofstoney00,I love this game its still in beta but it is still realy good
,Recommended,327090,22218517,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Carl the Zamboni Operator,"The people that said this game is bad, are fools. the game runs great and looks good on my computer and everything works thats implemented. and its very fun to play around. hopefully they  make  the building and crafting simpler tho"
,Recommended,327090,19972794,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Die Vergangenheit,"Good game if you want to crash your pc.10/10Would crash again.Edit: So I decided to edit this review (after days of not knowing how to edit it)to take these words back.After some updates the game worked totally fine and I played it a lot with a friend.It actually was really fun and had really good implemented features.So, I'll give it a 8/10 if you want to play a good early access game :)(and 0/10 if you want to crash your pc, because now it doesn't crash anymore)"
,Recommended,327090,29859348,Posted: 11 February,all,Just call me catfood!,"Grinded for 9 hours to make a house and a boat, then my friend burned them down, 11/10 would have suicidal thoughts again."
76561198089528594,Recommended,327090,20523039,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,William,It is a very good game with not to many bugs actully i dont know about any bugs.  And the developers are so helpfull they did really help me out i think the game has a good potential so i recommend buying this game! And i dont get why so many pepole say the game hasent got a loot of futures when its stil in early acces.
76561198142342920,Recommended,327090,20429775,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,wolfclaw99,its a good game its fun to play with frends i like it
76561198258185258,Not Recommended,327090,22994829,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,intristan,"Starts off okay, but no real survival element to it, just seems like endlessly chopping trees and rebuilding your stuff other people have destroyed. Unless you have plenty of time to play this one game I wouldn't recommend."
76561198189875528,Recommended,327090,19403594,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,✰Kei✰,I HAVE NO REAL FRIENDS!!!!
,Recommended,327090,19281565,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,tomahawk058,"Fantastic job by The Developers. Excellent Graphics even on a low end, The Atmosphire is incrediable. You Think your alright one minute the next your running from a Rhino. The World is a living breathing eating and brutel place. The AI is so real The animals react to you. The animals were detailed and fast. I would advise anyone who hasn't tried this one do it today. It's better then any survival game I've played...and lets just say I own about six now. This one blows away the others just for the graphics alone Beautiful. Then you throw in the crafting and other survival skills and it becomes an adventure.I could type all night and still not discribe How much I enjoy this game. Thank You Sincerely."
76561198169936451,Recommended,327090,19416443,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Synergy,this game is really fun game and i recommend it because the're are more updates to come and this game (Out of Reach) already is awesome!
76561198216283715,Recommended,327090,23398091,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,retonorye,"Good Game. I got it on sale so Im pickled tink, but even at 15 bucks you more than get your monies worth. It is suprisingly polished for an early access title, although the lack of a single player mode irks me. Im a misanthrope, and I generally play video games to get away from humans. Please give us antisocial types a means of enjoying this very nice virtual New Zealand you've given us, Devs.Considering it is early access I give it a  3/5. If I had a persistent map to play alone, 4/5"
76561198080213133,Recommended,327090,33631496,Posted: 18 July,all,smkngto,This is a great fun game.  I like to host my own server and had some trouble getting server to work.   Placed an email in to support team and they where great.  Walked me step by step.  They even helped my friend that was able to join any servers.  If your looking for a PVE server join Man VS Wild
,Recommended,327090,20163300,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,kierancobey1,it crashes when starting a server
,Recommended,327090,20138772,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,The Real HecticHabib,"Although this game being in Early Access and Me having suck little time on it, the game could turn into something amazing or it could come out even wrose so I would suggest people not to take my opinion on this game.what I think ruins the game :- The graphics, yes I know this is an Early Access game that is also an Indie game aswell but I just don't find this game visually appeal as I would playing games such as Mafia II and other games that where made to look visually appealing. Now from that point not all game need to be visually appealing like actually there is another survival similar to this but its set in a  city and it is really fun if you guys haven't worked it out yet I mean 7 Days 2 Die that games was actually really fun with its Unique building style and just overall was pretty well done.The point of this being an Indie game leads me to my next point that most people would say. Oh go easy on the guy its an Indie game, now in some cases this is a really good Idea and yes this game as an indie is actually really nice :) Like i don't know many survival games that had the guts try and go realistic like look at Unturned they chose an art style that wasn't meant to look realistic as of not to stuff it up But I think its actually good that the game dev tried to do this and who knows eventually it might be even better.Another thing i don't really like is the building/wood cutting etc. In this game to collect wood you just need to smack a tree and you get 1x and a chance at more every time you hit I am not sure if other stuff effects this due to the short period of time I played since it was really late, but I just didn't think it was need, Yes some form of harvesting method was needed and maybe it wasn't your top priority but I just didn't feel like it matched with the game.Overall I personally wanna give this game a 4/10 but I still think this game could be better just not for $15."
,Not Recommended,327090,34076666,Posted: 7 August,all,HK,"No, I do not reccommend it."
76561198014848575,Recommended,327090,26454523,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Talisker,"I played on pvp servers , quit for awhile. recently returned and although improvments had been made, added content etc. Population is suffering, and those that are on, you can bet they're likey highly agressive. The game has been ruined by the bain of any online multiplayer game. Chinese and Russian griefers. Can't comunicate with them. No diplomacy at all. They run in packs and just destroy.  Otherwise the game is very enjoyable. Aside from the clunky pvp (it's very much Like trying to harvest a jumping tree that hits back). I'm going to recommend it .  But, I'm recommending the game not the atmosphere. I am done playing it myself though.     A thought. Why aren't Chinese and Russian IP's Blocked on US servers?   EDIT: I couldn't stay way. I wasn't as done as I thought. But now. we have exploiters putting desks into rocks, where they can't be attacked. This has been reported several days ago to a DEV, and nothing at all has been done. He'll get to it right after he gets done doing somehting for marketing. Whatever you do don't take care of the people who bought and play the game."
76561198037246573,Recommended,327090,24032689,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,bAdSS®,"Hello!I love this game and i play it more than a half year ago.But what is this /killme?? You can't think it seriously! On a PVP server, where i have 1minutes desk he fly to me drop some stone to my home, fall down among 4 walls, then one moment and he can come again.This is no fair! Too easy to loose everything. Please take a limit for a day for it. 3times to use it more than enough.Excuise me for my poor english!Best RegardsbAdSS"
,Recommended,327090,25246995,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,PoePea,"This game needs more recognition!!Fantastic game, dont be fooled by 3 hours of gameplay.I picked this game up in the sale, and would quite happily pick this up at full price.The only thing that lets the game down is there is very few players, not the devs thought!Today there was a big update and im loving every minute. Whilst there is no players in the server it plays like a relaxing rust with a lot more to learn and craft.The game runs very nice indeed and you dont need super specs to make this game playable!I really hope this game starts to get more coverage as i think populated servers will make this game incredibly fun!There is a few small parts that need attention, but nothing game breaking in the slightest!Devs - The bow needs some TLC, although i have now got to grips with it, i feel it needs more of a quick, it needs to feel like it has a bit of power behind it.Trees - although noticable i think you should make larger trees longer to harvest but giving you more wood, smaller ones less wood and quicker harvest.I would like to see tools like the axe and pick axe be able to place on the quick bars. so you can have tools on number slots 1 and 2 and then carry a melee wepaon and a bow equipt as well.The torch looks great - just could do with a slight nerf on the brightness, i some times need to almost be touching a tree with the torch out to see it at night.Caves - look epic, would be awesome to create epic cave bases. being able to block the front entrance off with walls and doors, and being able to place torches on the walls would be amazing!I would consider myself a survival game expert haha! Devs please feel free to get in contactthay754@gmail.comi would be happy to discuss any of these points.Keep up the great work, this game is on the way to being something special!"
,Recommended,327090,35334083,Posted: 30 September,all,simenpau,"Brilliant game with a lot of potential.Very fun to play in multiplayer. Most of the time, the game time is used to gather resources and craft/build stuff - like a house, a small port for your pirate ship, armor and different weapons. Exploring the map and the Islands with the pirate ship is fun.Improvements should be done in the building function (a lot of places it is impossible to build, which is very annoying) and the functionality: be able to sell (not only buy) to the big pirate ship? different pirate ships? build your own? more damage to buildings when using weapons on it? (as it is now, it is impossible to destroy the different pirate bases around on the Islands), possible to take over a pirate base? A ""Kraken"" in the ocean? Possibility to meet angry pirates while traveling around in the ocean? Just some ideas.Anyway, it's already a great game that I want to play all the time. Very addictive. Highly recommendable."
,Recommended,327090,21353630,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,I PLAY,AMAZING THIS GAME IS INCREDIBLE GOOD JODB :))
76561198202296839,Recommended,327090,31244601,Posted: 19 April,all,TNTBrosCJ,"This game is AWESOME! It includes so many features like boats, weapons, and mining. It's mechanics are so nice and PVP is just great. It's always updating so more suggestions can always be added. Also,  the developers are super nice, always taking suggestions and making sure everyone's voice is heard. I would recommend this game even if there were super bugs!"
76561198216150753,Recommended,327090,25116335,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,puggernaut0422,"Great game but recently, as soon as i open a world the game crashes/freezes. Stats:Mac OS X Lion 10.7.5cacsade internet"
76561198040401122,Recommended,327090,20816941,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Eli,"Fantastic!! Let me start by saying, Brutal. If you're a CareBrear and enjoy rainbows and kittens this is probably not the game for you. Mind you I am an avid PVP only player, this game also consist of an excellent well populated PVE server base. So if you're looking for tactical action, cleaver planning and a competative game play.. This is for YOU. Now with that out of the way.. The graphics are amazing for an Indie game with a small group of Dev's. The Dev's themselves are fantastic, constantly working to improve the game. Patches/updates are quite regular. They are always their to lend an ear to assist and take suggestions! The building system is bar none the best I've ever played with! Hunting animals (and other players, lol) is a blast! Unlike other servival games there is no decay, no wipes. There is a builders desk that gives you 3 up to 72 hours of protection! Steam powered boats and gliders to attack your enemys. A Clan system is in place, come and make new friends! The crafting system is very user friendly! A lot of really cool stuff ahead is soon to be added! This has by far become my new favorite game!! Don't miss out! Come join in on the never ending survival of the fittest epic adventure of a life time! See ya there!! 10/10."
76561198140155747,Recommended,327090,25004230,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Akuta,A good game that can be improved in certain ways and perhaps made so it can run a bit better on lower end pc's
76561198073945981,Not Recommended,327090,18706919,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,DarkOdysseus,"Bought this game for my friend and I. I love survival sandbox games so I gave it a try. Boy was I wrong. I am a huge Rust player (540h) so I know what a decent game in this genre should be like and this game FAILS HARD in every aspect.Few pros:. A slight sliver of RPG style abilitie leveling.. I like the cave element.. Being able to move from island to island via boat is a good Idea.Cons, Cons, and more Cons:.Extremelly poor performance, Can play FC4, BF4, and Witcher 3 on high with 60fps but am forced to play this game on the lowest of settings to get decent fps, and at that point this game looks like garbage. Everquest 1 comes to mind?.No players, 5 max  in any server is the highest iv seen..The few players on a server are completely geared and KOS you out of shear bordom (its not the games fault, and I see where the players are coming from, bordom. And I cant imagine having more would be any more fun).Hunting is a joke and extremely hard for early game players..Food resources can be extremely difficult to come by, be prepared to starve..The map is FILLED, like everywhere you look filled, with half built deserted shantys and large towers that drop fps even more..Grind, and lots of it. Be prepared to put hours in hitting trees and stones with a rock  in order to even get a foundation down, but beware of the few geared players. Its definetly not attractive puttings hours in for little return just to be one hitted..Lack of items. I never got to the point of having bronze gear (tier 3), but is that end game? like really?.Crafting is simple, a bad joke.Conclusion: Its early access, I got what I payed for.  Being a huge fan of this genre of games, I would not spend a dime on this one, The lack of players and abundence of deserted beginning-game bases shows you that this game is not readyfor your money nor time. I few games I would recomend for a player looking for a survival sandbox would be; Rust, The Forest, Space Engineers, Medevil Engineers, 7 days to die, H1Z1, Arma 3 Exile mod, Minecraft, Reign of Kings or Grav."
76561198241847162,Not Recommended,327090,27718789,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Lord Dake Kai,"Toxic community...A little boring at times...Glitchy...Hacks...Graphics are ok, but could be better...Not well optimized...Sound quality is, well...it has sound...Well, with that being said, I still think it's more fun than Ark."
,Not Recommended,327090,34226809,Posted: 13 August,all,Kilroy5150,"Yes, i know (for the ""Sympathy for the Dev"" crowd) it's in a development stage...I'm going to file this game under the ""put it back in storage, for 6 months"" and then pull it back out and see if it's getting any better.This game is a neat concept but a TON of the game mechanics (boat driving, swimming. AI behavior, invisible sharks, ect) are just too messed up right now for me to give a ""green"" light on this game.At this point, you would buy this game ONLY to get defeated by AIs and lose all your stuff you've collected. This game just needs to mature.Still, i'll keep looking into it...."
,Not Recommended,327090,26334360,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,F.kruger,"Struggle to play this game, i get 16 fps on low settings i use 3.2 duel processor a 750 ti graphics card and 4 gb gaming ram which is min spec + would have thought i would have got more than 16 fps"
,Not Recommended,327090,23237465,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Ook,"This game does not support lan connections and there is no way to connect to a server by ip address. What this means for most of us is that we can't connect to our own private server. If your router does not support nat loopback (most don't or don't have ie enabled) you can not play on your own private server and you are the mercy of other server owners. Every game out there lets you do this except for this one game. If you want to play on your own private server, wait until they add this feature, if they ever do. For now, it is a deal killer."
,Not Recommended,327090,23118945,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Befuddled Pony,"By far the easiest survival game I've ever played... and it crashes all the time which is super annoying.... and it takes a super long time to load into servers, even if ping is at around 60 i'll end up waiting 10 min to get in..... all in all not recommended at the moment but game has potential to get better so if I were you I'd wait a little bit before buying it"
76561198007280138,Not Recommended,327090,24049071,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,erictomcat,"World too small, no interactivity implemented between player, only fight.Just boring after several hours"
76561198130779499,Recommended,327090,32686313,Posted: 23 June,all,tommy33,"Great game but I can't start a local server I'm on windows 10 when I try it says ""can't start local server"" otherwise its a great game"
76561197996061457,Recommended,327090,21230288,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Spongebong Hemppants,"Its hella nice game,  the first Sandbox,survival game where u can drive on the Water. Nd Glide trough the Sky. Its in my Alltime Fav list of sandbox,survival. First place is Reign of kings, second one is Space engineers, nd Third ist Out of reach(exactly i dont play it much,).NOW we come to the problem. Theres so so less Players.... that i dont play it. nd THATS the sad thing, it is a Nice game, nd would be make hella fun but witout players its boring, ofc u can play on pve servers, but im a pvp guy, why i should build a balista nd tribouche, when there r no enemys. Nd wit boat u could make so nice Water fights, but witout players...meeh.  So guys, buy 4 pack nd give it to ya Friends, this game needs to be more popular"
76561198021053917,Recommended,327090,25486783,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Elayham,"A fun game, but it lacks long-term playability.  Once you get over the grind of a new player, everything comes far too easy.  With no changes or challenges, it becomes easily forgettable.  A great play for a boring weekend, but wait until it's on sale."
76561198328901745,Recommended,327090,29379812,Posted: 20 January,all,KING_SCOOBMI,really reccomend this game if you like survival. they should and old rifles.
,Recommended,327090,21048202,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,meximelt21,very unique game
76561198172578025,Recommended,327090,23365554,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,One_Elite,what do i have to say about thi sgame so far welll.......1 spawn on a beach whith a stone2 gather stone and rock3 you dunno how to get rope4 so you aks a baisc geared player to tell you5 he shows u how to get it and how to craft it into rope7you say thanks man then you kill him whith the ston e u have get all his gear8 build  a bas e9 evrythings going to plan10 someoene comes to ur base destroy your stuff11 your back out on the beach because he detroyed your bedrepat all teh steps but this time make sure to kill anmails for there bone and leather10/10 would kill a dude whith a stone again
,Recommended,327090,18304538,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Mini Grim,Good EA game.
76561198007133612,Recommended,327090,20819159,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,RyantheMaster,"So far this game is fun, wish there was a language filter to remove cuss words and other vulgar language. It seems like many people that play games only understand four letter words."
76561197983012878,Not Recommended,327090,31527074,Posted: 3 May,all,Harleqwin,"The developers need to fix the hacking exploits and the games performance.  my FPS drop as more and more buildings are placed and they are all over the map, not even close to my location."
,Recommended,327090,19643078,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Rick [Hk],"Out of Reach, ótimo jogo pra quem gosta desse estilo, Sandbox survivor.Pouquissimos bugs que eu encontrei, o jogo flui muito bem, e mesmo sozinho você consegue evoluir no servidor.O barco e a forma de controlá-lo eu achei fantástico, muito legal mesmo, assim como o planador.O mapa ainda é pequeno e a distribuição de recursos importantes, principalmente de ferro é péssima.Um dos bugs é a facilidade de vc escalar uma montanha que fisicamente seria impossível subir.E o ponto mais fraco do jogo que eu achei foi o PvP.Mas mesmo com esses contras, ainda assim vale a pena comprá-lo e jogar, principalmente se for com amigos."
,Recommended,327090,21603493,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,TheSense,"Changing this review because I have spoke to one of the dev's, get the game and expect some good updates to be coming!!!"
76561198135482604,Recommended,327090,26576408,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Lackofmoderation,"Tough game!  takes a certain level of dedication to create and maintian a fort in this one.Very rewarding once youve done it.The siege engines are pretty cool, and its always nice to put up a few catapults for defence.Definitely a fun open world survival game.Good play solo, but its all about teamwork!bring a friend and youll be sinking boats with your own trebuchet in no time!"
,Recommended,327090,24735303,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Doe,I got this game a few days ago and played it for about two hours and decided i didn't like it at first. So i refunded it and a few days later decided that i made a big decision. Therefor i will be re-buying it. So I do recommend it. Its a really good alternative if your computer cant run games like rust. 7/10 would recommend.
76561198173278417,Recommended,327090,23347535,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Nickyt142,Bugs....BuhugsBuht Fun
76561198116230129,Recommended,327090,20902833,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,HeadAss,even though i do not have really any hours of playing i can tell that this game is good. it has good content i do not know what eles to say.
,Recommended,327090,34983518,Posted: 15 September,all,紅狐™,one of the best survival games ever
,Recommended,327090,29806089,Posted: 9 February,all,Shadow,Love this game: someone♥♥♥♥♥♥you off no problem hunt them down raid them and burn there house down!!! wonderful game!!!
76561198254856855,Recommended,327090,28279905,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,skankyscuzzy,Great game. Even though it's early access it plays real smooth. Every now and then there is a little lag from the server but it never last more than a second or two. I definitely recommend.
,Recommended,327090,28244221,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,DEKA,"One of my favourite survival gameswell balanced and the dev is actively invovled in the progress of this gameHighly, highly recommendIf you umming and ahing whether to buy this, just buy it alreadyYou'll be glad you did"
76561198123359388,Recommended,327090,26074751,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Ralph Wiggum,Right now this game is decent.Bad things=low player popa bit glitchy(early access)wooden doors brake easilycombat alittle bit strangeend game a bit earlygood things=building system is goodchalenginggood crafting itemsexploration of the mapclanswhat it needs=more moumentsharder to reach endgame or more to the edgamemore playersgamehas good potential
,Recommended,327090,31277021,Posted: 21 April,all,✪ ÐiaZona,Amazing game ! I recommend it :)
76561198152264363,Not Recommended,327090,18303334,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,HurtymcPain,"In its current state of dev...I will not recommand this game. Sure, the craft system is evolved, there are a lot of things to create and it is actually the only fun and solid part of the game, complex mechanics and original crafting objects.There are also a lot of animals to meet and hunt but collisions and animations are really ugly...Servers are almost empty ! so if you plan to have some interaction and/or action you will be disapointed for sure, it is like running in a desert and by luck find some one as lost as you are (each 45 mns - 1h hour of play). Your only solution is to come with 20 of your friends if they decide to buy the game of course or if you are rich enough to make gifts :pThe first seconds you enter the world of ""out of reach"" you're forced to admit the visual is horrible. We are in 2015 and even if it is still an alpha version, the minimum is not reached concerning the graphic system. It looks old, rusty and sad...even in high rez and with max settings on. A lot of Alpha games offer better graphics. Moreover, at this state of dev, Character animations are really poor and collisions a real pain...There are bugs concerning buildings, some do not respect real physic...and are more than weird. (for example : multiples stairs rising up to the sky without any fondations/walls and in impossible angle).So to be honest, I think this game as a real potential and will evolve in the right way so it is wise to wait some months at least before playing it because right now there's nothing really interesting."
76561198062635890,Not Recommended,327090,17688358,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Canyonmanterry,"This can be a good game. BUT it really needs to be flushed out. Your movement in the game is way too slow. Need hot keys. havisting kills is terrible. landscape is too barron. I know it,s Alpha. U.I. need to be improved.  But for now I got bored with it rather quickly. I,ll still play it from time to time to see if any more upgrades. I can,t recommend to new gamers or to someone that needs more action this game dose not have it."
76561198268782073,Recommended,327090,21663387,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Jon Snow . hellcase.com,Very good game
76561198076473967,Not Recommended,327090,18719766,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Green Bastard,"I really wanted to like this game,but it just sadly another cut and run project from a company that promises more than it can deliver. It has alot of great ideas that are unfortunately, poorly executed. To be fair I'll start with the pros.1.Great crafting system,lots of useful and fun stuff to be created. weapons,tools,boats,ships,gliders,traps etc.2.Alot of different animals to see and kill. Rhinos,Tigers,Hippos,Gizelles are just a few that I've seen.Sadly that's where the pros stop.The graphics are awful, the movement animation looks like you walk around with a stick lodged firmly in your♥♥♥♥♥ There are way too many menus for each thing you do,the controls feel muddy and last,but not least, All of the servers are pretty much empty with alot of player created empty buildings that just take up space. If you want to play a similar,but GOOD survival game,buy Rust instead."
76561198250154280,Not Recommended,327090,25372804,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,papiedgar69,ITS ♥♥♥♥ING DEAD....also one trip to copper cave and ur set...but smelting takes forever so ppl raid ur base instead....the game is fun for 5 hours....the developers need to add seamonsters and♥♥♥♥♥♥cause this game is boring asf
,Recommended,327090,30882873,Posted: 1 April,all,[LegioIX]Fletcher,like it alot
,Not Recommended,327090,21639307,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Jerry Fletcher,"Almost nothing to do, very grindy and repetetive, development progress... a snail is faster when it´s dead.""Playerbase"" - around 20 people...I would say, typical early access ""survival"" game, with the difference that other ea-""survival"" games have many, many more players.Speaks to the quality of this tech-demo itself, doesn´t it?If you wanna pay for something that the ""devs"" and Steam call game, but that in reality is only a demo, as the ones players got for free not that long ago, then waste your money!Maybe i am gonna change my review in a trillion years, when this demo is still in alpha, lacking of content, heavily outdated, like almost all the other ""survival""-alphas, but in addition to this it still will be without any players...NOT xD"
,Recommended,327090,25534694,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,El Paleto,"It has a poor optimization, but a good and very diverse gameplay and features. I have at least double recommended specs, but somehow, it can barely rule at 45-50 FPS in Fantastic graphics.Why?7,5/10."
76561198095528544,Recommended,327090,22642035,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Gnostic,Can you feel the tension in the air right now? I know I can. I can feel it down in my plums. Getting all swollen. Got a nice blueish hue to them. 'Bout ready to take them to the farmers market.Special two plums for one.
76561198116350354,Recommended,327090,18284359,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Turbo Rob's Pussy,"1- Spawned in2- called everyone a♥♥♥♥♥♥3- got a price on my head4- got stalked by 3 naked hippies5- jumped off a cliff into water5- they missed and died6- retrieved their loot7- found a boat8- said ""try and get me again you dirty hippies""9- 4 people in two boats followed me10- got shot in the head by a ballista11- reswaned close and wacked them in the head with a rock12- died13-reswaned close again, followed them to their base14- annoyed them and drew them outside15- split a sweaty hippies head open with a hatchet16- shot them with arrows17- hit their door with my hatchet18- raided the hippies bongs19- stole their big meat20- ate their meat21- built a base22- shot scrubs with my hard wood ballista23- got raided by a guy in bronze armor24- called him a sweaty nazi25- respawned and killed him with my rock26- got lotz of gear27- murdered everyone28- 40 hours later i drank nothing and died from starvation with 20 ponds of♥♥♥♥♥♥im my pants90/10 would call everyone♥♥♥♥♥♥♥again"
,Not Recommended,327090,29328619,Posted: 17 January,all,SadKnight,This game has some problems about runnning.It always stops in loading and can not get into game.Please check out what is the matter quickly.I paid for it just for fun but not for endless loading.
76561198063034842,Recommended,327090,22602386,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Alkite,♥♥♥♥ YEA!!!!!
76561197963852846,Recommended,327090,33441477,Posted: 10 July,all,Finger,"It's fun, just not done."
76561198156476681,Not Recommended,327090,25918918,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,rex5757,Can't play on servers as it gets stuck on the loading screen
76561198116343274,Recommended,327090,29933721,Posted: 14 February,all,Athamus,"i wish where we have to replant the trees or able to terraform,maybe able make the gun powder have skill slowers for more serious and deciated players i mean dont like it just go to the server with faster skill gain like wurm unlimited has quite of crowd following and wonderful pve but sadly the pvp isnt the greatest but i have 1.2k hours into iti am just saying we need more replayibility allow server hosts adjust to thier likingsi have 1.2k hours in wurm"
76561198204002745,Recommended,327090,22010749,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,super saiyan,dude its cool but a litte hard but i like canlge
76561198185190265,Not Recommended,327090,24686242,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Ur A Wizard Harry hellcase.com,neeeds alot of work
76561198086262054,Recommended,327090,20864797,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Cumberdale H.,"this game is just pure Awesomeness! BUT there are several things i ♥♥♥♥ING HATE TO SEE there are too many servers and not enought people on them, i mean when you 20 servers with like 2/75 ppl and maybe 3 servers with 5-7 ppl something is ♥♥♥♥ing wrong, another think i dont like to see is ´´ difficulty´´ you can choose -- how can you be able to choose between pvp standart and pve server in a ♥♥♥♥ing SURVIAL GAME like i mean rly guys its only separating people and making it more non survival. Yesterday i was on the others servers just to convince people to play on server where i play just to increase population from 7+- to something  more playable.(when we have that 75player limit on server) and i got an answer from the guys playing on those others servers astonished me totally -- they said something like- no thank you we love to play alone rather none is attacking or kiling you or trying to raid your base - so there i saw what is really happening. You gave to people too many servers so you dont have any populated servers that mean it is like magnet for ♥♥♥♥♥♥s who would like to play survival but they dont like to be killed by other player and once you have theese players there you will never have people who want to play true survival like hurtworld players or rust players... if you will not change or delete few servers just to increase population on FEW THEN YOU WILL SLOWLY DIE same way as Ravaged zombie apocalypse (truly nice game but devs ♥♥♥♥ed it with servers and afer a time it died ) DO SOMETHING WITH THAT DEVS!!!!!!!!! thank you"
76561198312573553,Recommended,327090,28296695,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Cosmic_Avenger,Great game can't wait for this game to be updated. If the creators of the game see this can you please send me an email I have some things that I think should be added to the game. My email isnathanhinton43@gmail.com.
76561197971717523,Recommended,327090,25636886,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Titankeepr,"This is a great game.  However not for the light hearted. It is a pirate themed raiding game pure and simple. You can begin raiding withing a few minutes on a new server.  Its all about making your fort ""out of reach"" . If you build right on the beach a little hut then of course you will be raided.  Its all about fighting and burning down the enemies structures, which is pure fun.  You dont have to grind for a week to begin raiding and fighting...its for everyone!  Let me tell you...the burning is the best!  You and your team raid a fort and take all the booty, then you watch as it all burns...its a great time.  On the other side you stuff will get attacked and burnt if you are not crafty and fighty as well.  Yes some things need work. The animals have a somewhat ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI, however they are just a gathering material not the heart of the game.  The traps are good but rarley used by people, and need more variety.  The boats are great, however there should be a tier 3 steel ship.  overall an exellent cheap game, just know that its pirates, not barbie build a beach house."
,Recommended,327090,24921464,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Daenerys Targaryen,IT IS AWESOME
,Recommended,327090,16967352,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Ieatirma,it is ok
,Recommended,327090,25318012,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Blaze Ecco - imnotasellout.com,"Sees guy walks up to him says ""Hey wanna team?"" Turns out hes turkish and like for some reason 80% of the people that play are turkish and russians so of course i die basically dont team with turks run. just run.10/10 would die again"
76561198163520292,Recommended,327090,33467828,Posted: 11 July,all,Deadrising26,its fun even though the graphics are bad
76561198123553993,Recommended,327090,25908828,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,lanceocean,Its amazing if you have someone to play with :) and fun solo to get things ready for your friends and team
,Not Recommended,327090,18633997,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,jacksste,"Castaways on an island and all that means seemed like a cool idea.  First off, this is an early Alpha review - things could change, and usually do.  Second, the game is not so much an established work in progress as a technology demontrator and is probably at least a year and possibly two from being worth spending money on.So how does the game work?  You show up on an island, which I call starvation island.  That is a good name because there really is not much food there.  You are on a beach where ""slow moving creatures live.""  My beach was about 75 meters long and had no plants, animals, rocks (except for the rock I was holding) and only some water on one side and a steep climb to the main feature of the island, which is featurless rock mountains.  No worries.  You have, afterall, just ended up on a deserted island (or not so deserted, you have heard tales) and it is up to you to survive.  Given the steepness of the ascent, it seems safest to swim to a better location.Big mistake.  All of those classes at the Y are wasted, and you started to drown just a minute into the swim.  You turn around and arrive back at starvation beach (which will confuse people as I have also named the mountain starvation mountain and the island, if you remember, was already called starvation.So the only way out is up.  It is on the way up you encounter your first tree.  Up until now you have no way to tell where your island is, but now you tree tells you that the island is tropical as you find an oil palm, a date palm, and what looks like an exotic paradise tree all clining to some rocks.  By this time you are starving, half dead, and no further along at saving yourself, so you haved no other option but to slam the rock into the tree, remember many days playing mine crat.  It pays off, and you soon cut the tree down, being rewarded with wood.  Hopefully you slam your rock into other things are are not rewarded with anything.If you are used to games where the land is infinitely mallable such as WURM, LIF, or Planet Explorers, you will be disapointed with the throwback to 2006.  Some objects in the land can be smashed up, but I was unable to find any evidence of the landscape being modified by players.  Instead most trees were individual entities and when they get chopped down they disapeer.  This could explain why the world I was in seemed barren as over-exploitation and splurge levelling often destroyes true sandbox games as players first level harvesting, then level crafting my making enless numbers of junk structures.I soon found human habitation.  The sparce tropical vegetation and nude mountains that implied a water starved island out of the trade winds lead to a surreal copy of the South African veld holding the island's interior.  And with a flash my suspension of disbelief was lost.The first creature I saw was a Bengal tiger.  Or maybe it was a Java tiger.  And it was sitting in what looked like an asian steppe environment.  And no island has this sort of steppe that I have ever seen.There are savanna's on larger islands.  Tristan da Cunha has one.  And I have seen a colder, wetter version of this off Nova Scotia.  But no island that could possibly have a collection of Bengal tigers on it should have a large, African type savanna.Then I stumbled on a corn plant.  And quickly a wheat plant.For the educated player, what island has tigers, dry savanna biome, sparse tropical vegetation, and also hosts short throwback corn and wheat.  Oh, and flax - very accurately rendered as a little blue-flowered plant.Quickly I was chased by what seemed to be a hippo (or rhino  - you cannot look over your shoulder when you are panic running) and I chased a gazelle and I knew that the art department had made a fundemental mistake - they had probably not invested the time researching their subject and putting their vision onto storyboards.So, soon I was over the island.  I played with other people's houses, harvesting flax and throwing it into their footlockers, and I (finally) found a rock that could be harvested.  I also noted that while I could make a trebuchet, a boat only Gilligan would love, and a glider, I could not make a spear, club, or scraper, all of which would make more immediate sense than trying to find a vein of tin to start into the metal trade.That was when I found the ship.  100 meters from shore, and fetched up tight.  An easy swim (well, a deadly one but one I could survive by eating right before I enered the water.  The ship was a wrecked rig, a very small, almost dinkly sail ship.  Here was what a survivor needed.  I thought of what on Pyrates said about ship wrecks, they are full of odds and ends that can help you survive.  Rope, and brass fittings, and lock mechnaism, and even biscuit and junk.  So I reisked it all and made it to the ship, only to discover it was a 3/4 size prop.In conclusion - Out of Reach is a stable release alpha of a game that does not have any game yet, and needs some serious rethinking on its art and paradigms."
76561198001684848,Not Recommended,327090,16755851,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Danotasi,I got this game since the reviews made it sound like it was a friendly community etc etc. there are very few items to craft at this stage and everyone wants to kill on sight. not recommended at this stage
,Not Recommended,327090,16412642,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,tali,Just another early access game cashing on the survival-game hype.feels like a clunky Rust legacy with incredibly bad crafting layout.
76561198020668739,Not Recommended,327090,17808679,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,HaSsMaSke,ok first one the game is absolute nice the craftig system is very nice an easy .   the islands are ok .BUT I WILL TELL A BIG BIG BIG Problem of this game.   the bronze armor are to heavy . and the bronze axe are to strong for buildings .  the upgraded doors with bronze are to low . 4 or 5 hits with the bronze axe and the door is open (-_-)   WT♥♥♥♥ is this please ???   so many hours to build a base and upgrade it to make is saver and than this ???  no was this is absolute ♥♥♥♥ing sorry my words but this must be balanced one guy comes to my base and in secends they are raid my base an camping at my bed . maybe 30 times he kill me i try everytime to hit him with a ♥♥♥♥ing stone and every times he healed up and kills me again .  thx to the devs u can spend me a new keyboard . aftes this i will never play this game again before this better balanced . this is absolute frustrated and makes this fantastic game to a terrible horro feeling im so frustraited i never will spend more time to build up a base and than comes an little smal ♥♥♥♥ing kid and destroy all what i have . and dont will get down when im hit him . i hope this will get beter balanced the doors are to low for bronze weapons . and the armor are overpowerd and destroy the game expiriance
,Not Recommended,327090,18389887,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Tyquanda,"As it stands today - it's a low-graphics version of Rust with hippos.Think 1000x less players, but the same ratio of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. So now you have to worry about 2/4 people being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bags, instead of 20/40. I didn't get to a trebuchet before community ruined game.rust trolls/10"
76561198218974156,Not Recommended,327090,18027467,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,bryanclark82,"I can't get it to run consistently on my 2.4 Ghz Macbook Pro w/ Core i7 and 8 GB RAM.It plays for a while (20 minutes, tops...), then crashes. I restart, play some more, crashes.What's the refund policy...? Or, better yet, can the devs help me figure out why I can't get this to work? Love the game, hate the inconsitency."
76561198054702826,Not Recommended,327090,18350679,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,:),Its the worst part of rust. When you start out making a base is horrible you hav to chop about 200 trees to make a small base. in this small base you can make a builders desk that protect your stuff that is touching it. meaning walls foundations etc cannot be damaged connected to this. with the exception of doors. which can b broken down with a basic tool in 5 seconds flat.... this causes everyone to build on small rocks in the ocean with no doors creating nearly indstructable buildings while allowing any regular building to be pillaged. you can seriously break a door in less time with a stone and stick that it took in the shinning with an iron axe.another thing is that within 1 minute of spawning you can creat a spear. with this spear you can kill a person in full bronze in just a few blows and with very very very little environmental sound you can never hear anyone coming.this leads to peopl not wearing armor during gathering.so unless you have half a day your initial day on the server you will b pillaged and have to start over. or you can just always make small bases with walls and roofes and no doors or hatches becasue real life
,Not Recommended,327090,30519469,Posted: 14 March,all,Brock Samson,"I cant recomend this game right now.Dont get me wrong, it has a lot of potentail. but I feel for the price point its a little high for little content.Somehow I missed that this game is server based. (the local server will cost you 8gs of ram on its own)    if you want to run it that way.Crafting bases vs crafting items, seems two complete ideas are in place, Menus are clunky and not well fleshed out.Help menus are ok and where I would expect a game at this level to be. Game play is sparce. I  like the resource and danger dificulties.I have 3hrs on record. most of thoes hrs are based on dailing with crashes.   I have been through one update with the game. I cant tell when it crashed more, before or after. I have not been able to play the game on a local server or public server for more than about 20min at a time inbetween crashes.Requested a refund. - from what I can see, there are a lot of ideas here, but the content dosent match the price at the moment. I like to get in on games early, but this seems like a money grab for something thats already been done."
76561198286854080,Not Recommended,327090,26095638,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Xsanity,This game is so garbage. Hardly even anyone on servers. Save yourself the cost of buying this rip off of rust and better off buying rust instead. It's only a 5 dollar difference.
,Not Recommended,327090,18803497,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,xXBadDreamXx,theres some shortcomings because its alpha that are pretty annoying so ill be waiting till the game is further along in development before playing againit runs poorly on my system where other games run bettertheres no compassi find the terrain to hillygathering stone and wood is buggy....stone is the worst because you can hit some stones while others do nothing but they all look the same and sometimes you get a resource other times you need to keep moving around and hitting to get the resource. building a house uses alot of resourcesfinding berries and flax is to difficult...needs more food sources for low levelsshift tab to get to steam causes the mouse pointer to be stuck in the game and bug outlike i said its early alpha so by no means am i saying the game is bad...theres are just some of the problems i found in the short time i played....but other than that its a fine game and can be easily played if you wanna check it out
76561198152822454,Not Recommended,327090,17162046,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Tee Tee Scammer,"Worst game i have ever spent money on, literally never anyone on the multiplayer. and is the exact same thing as Rust."
,Not Recommended,327090,17843163,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Tex,"This game is a very, very crappy Rust clone that plays awfully like the major flop, Reign of Kings. Not so bad as Life is Feudal, but very close. It sucks. I get that it's Alpha, but the gameplay itself is awful, the graphics are like Rust Legacy's first iterations and overall the community is nonexistent, and never will exist."
76561198120393058,Not Recommended,327090,30561936,Posted: 16 March,all,The Grumpy Dad,I've always kept an open mind when buyibg/playing alpha games and honestley just put your wallet away because honestley this game at the pricepoint isn't worth it not with the amount of people playing it combat looks fun in the video but boiles down to being clunky and slow adn the gathering system is broken there's no consistency when your gathering for the amount your getting per hit put your money away go get something to eat dont buy the game its just disapointing
,Recommended,327090,24711155,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,orfav9,░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░░█░░░░████████▄▄█░░░░░██████▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░G00D░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█████░░░░░░░░░███████▀░░░░▀▀██████
76561198116367859,Not Recommended,327090,18780671,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,MARIOS FAT C0CK,do not et this game in my opinionit has bad contorls and can not change them and it is laggy and wulitiplayer is very stupid and there is no singleplayer. Had to refund mine
,Not Recommended,327090,30042423,Posted: 19 February,all,LoneRaptor,"As a game, I'd absolutely not recommend this game to anyone.  Seriously bad mechanics at work here.Firstly, all important resources are isolated in very centralized locations, without any way to get them but the SINGULAR location that they're in.  This lets players who are more established conquer the entire area and refuse to allow others in.  The 'quest' system is pathetic, including instructions such as 'go find a cave' which would have been great, if there were more than one cave that you should really just wiki the location of.  The graphics were pitiful, and then to top it off, when you do finally get a boat, the thing is a chore to drive.  Kind of funny, kind of fun, for the first 30 seconds, but then if you try to go anywhere in it, don't bother.  You can swim to any major island you need to and if an island DOES have valuable resources on it, don't bother fighting with the miserable little boat to get there, it's already been claimed and built over so heavily that you've got no chance to get on it even if you do get there.  The combat system was absurd, to say the least, dramatically favoring anyone who has had the chance to get those resources (that they've blocked you off from), and at its best being able to be described as 'clunky'.  The building system had a few good points, but so often the piece wouldn't allow you to place without any explanation as to why, making anything more than a derpy square shack to be rather frustrating to construct.Now, if you're looking for a laugh, feel free.  Spent about 6 hours on the game being ridiculous with a friend.  He modeled his character after Saitama from the Onepunch Man series, which was a crackup the whole way through.  The cruddy mechanics were rather hilarious, and as long as you're not actually trying to play the game for the purpose of accomplishign anything in it, it's rather hilarious."
76561198069637535,Not Recommended,327090,18971171,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Redluom,this game is clunky and horrible. looks nothing like in the videos.
,Not Recommended,327090,18943645,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Guy Fieri,Can't recommend this game in this state with the terrible optimization.Will change my review once I can play it properly.
76561198043730410,Not Recommended,327090,21271069,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,rygor,yes exactly there is no point to playing till there is space people just wait for update login a day no update but it resatrs count for game so no one can build or try full game as there is nothing really to do just because there are buildings and gardens and so on everywhere other than that the concept seems awsome but till they fix that dont buy game once that is fixed ill repost
76561197973366094,Not Recommended,327090,23372498,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Skunktaur,"Started game. Found out the only choices were ""join public multiplayer server"" and ""visit Web site to read 11-page instruction manual on installing SQL Server to devote 2 GB RAM to hosting a dedicated server"". Tried a public server.First impressions: pretty main graphics, clunky and barely readable UI, odd details like getting wood from intact trees and having no idea how to plant the seeds I found. Then it got dark (and the shadows followed me strangely), leaving me in the dark and rain with no way to see what I was doing and no way to get light. Tried to place a house foundation as the tutorial said, but could find no valid place to put it. Wandered in the dark looking for one; ran out of patience; now reviewing and requesting refund. Too bad; it looked like a neat game."
76561198035889344,Not Recommended,327090,17823573,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,mokmoser,"I would rather walk away from videogames forever than ever play this game, or anything remotely like it again.  Walking around the island, trying to find anything remotely useful, is a fairly solid metaphor for playing this game, trying to find anything about it that's actually kind of fun.The promotional material for this game should mention how much fun it apparently is to kill brand new players for what little they've got.  One thing folks will notice if they buy this game is all the unfinished bases dotting the landscape.  That is because bases are not worth finishing here.Am deleting the game now."
76561198114103676,Recommended,327090,28126790,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,warkierancollins,"the game use to work on my pc but now i don,t work please fix it"
76561198004709231,Not Recommended,327090,23349109,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,martyn1969,"Cant say I am impressed... Graphics are great, but the game play is poor. Already servers are littered with empty houses that you cant get into or remove. Needs more servers, or a local stored version. Shame..."
76561198039164273,Not Recommended,327090,20777027,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,"""Ironwolf""","meh, refunded.  I may revisit down the road when it hits the bargain bin around 2 bucks."
76561198201440637,Not Recommended,327090,20632124,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Nega Sonic Nigga Hoe,First things first you have to deforest and when i say DEFOREST i mean untill you chop all the tree down in the sever just to make a Well done house and it take for ever to progress so yeah...............
76561197974008918,Not Recommended,327090,20925980,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Azzi,"Let me explain why I say no. For now. The main reason is lack of players. Busiest server I played on was 8 people. Yes, I know it's in the ""early release"" stage, but the lack of any real player base hurts this game tremendously. The game play is what you would expect from this genre. The one thing that does stand out about this game the the abiity to explore by water and air. Now, with all that being said, the devs are hard at work and are applying constant updates and fixes. If you ahve some RL friends willing to make the leap with you it would be more entertaining. I just find the game gets super boring without any other player interaction."
,Not Recommended,327090,22237066,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,WørgÐæth,Don't buy this game.. Patch doesn not come out wen it suposed to and stuff in the game doesn not work like it say.. Desk is supose to protect your hourse for 24 hour. after playing twise building twise wen i get back to the game next day it all gone.. THIS GAME SUCK.. 14 HOUR and no more~!
,Not Recommended,327090,18977202,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Jash,everytime i open it .. it is just a black screen and nothing happens it worked right the first time i opened it.
,Not Recommended,327090,20760588,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Calbliff,"This games is horrible i saw all these good coments but it runs like crap i can play rust on this pc on max settings at 62 fps but on this peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥i only get 30 the crafting system is too wierd you have to press tab to look threw 5 menues to just craft a simple base you need 2,000 wood let alone how much you will need to upgrade and raids can be the most frustrating thing. you could spend a day in real life on your base and it could be dstroyed like that just by one glider droping a stone and then you loose everything.  you allso have to press f1 threw f4 jsut to look at your stats ect instead of just having it in one little menue. allso  i have 43 mins in the game and i am requesting a refund please do not buy this game"
76561198141708171,Not Recommended,327090,24417100,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,nwpokemonfreak,needs lag fix update and able to make a server in the game really needs it!
,Recommended,327090,25290036,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Lord Kronna,I like it.
76561198180975726,Not Recommended,327090,20170422,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,GamerHero,Game keeps and crashing everytime i load a server up
76561198061680279,Recommended,327090,26588793,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,PVT.Corn58,DECENT GAME
76561198061567391,Not Recommended,327090,29923722,Posted: 14 February,all,Flameking3000,"not enough crafting options to recommendnot much to do, but I enjoy hunting various animal's with a bow so far out of the early access survival games (without zombies) the hunting here is the most diverse and fun so far.I need more bows, please make more bows"
,Not Recommended,327090,31286687,Posted: 21 April,all,karlosrada17,it freezes on the loading screen
76561198079826395,Recommended,327090,32962522,Posted: 28 June,all,hulk hogan,Buy the game brother!
76561198120428259,Not Recommended,327090,18934350,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,scoops4040,"After seeing mixed reviews I watched 2 hours of gameplay on youtube before deciding to buy this game. I enjoy crafting and I enjoy survival....so I thought let's try it.Is this game fun? Who knows.Is this game worth it? Who knows.The game crashed 4 times in a row. I tried 3 different servers, multiple visual options upon startup, and restarted my PC once. I never got past the loading screen. So there you go,"
76561198156377411,Not Recommended,327090,31405787,Posted: 27 April,all,GamingMineral,"Its pretty cool with the graphics and everything, but you have to pay to have your own server. If u want to play with friends, u r doing it on someone else's server."
76561198086570262,Not Recommended,327090,18864028,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,snaketokill,it's kinda boring
,Not Recommended,327090,28283419,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Execute Order 66,"They spent more time on the trailer videos than the actual game, its rust that costs 5$ less and the most people i saw were 12 on single server"
76561197971368512,Not Recommended,327090,18203478,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Belisarius,I played this game for one day on PVE server.  Came back in the morning to everything gone.  No death markers.  You drop all your stuff when you die.PVE should prevent anyone from destroying you work unless you haven't logged in for a month.
76561197992086795,Not Recommended,327090,17703924,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,The Tysk \/ -__-  \/,"why?contra:-empty worlds (no animals, no sounds, no nothing) yeah ok, tiger, zebra, hippo and 2 more WOW,  - all of them stay in their area, and respawn points are the same-your pray runs in circles when you try to hunt it-buildings diappear without reason-different tools do not improve the speed or ammount of gathering stuff-no players-no asian serverspro:-nice building tree-easy to handle building tree-finally a game where it is worth to plant and grow thingssadly this game is not even close to a playable state. i wouldnt recommend it to anyone, even for this low price.i tried to get a refund, denied!seems not enought players in a game like this is not a valid reason for a refund! so be aware, if you buy it hurry up to stay under the 2hrs or return policy! otherwise you lost your money!"
76561198104777592,Not Recommended,327090,22682959,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Zig,"i play 40 hours , and i dont have any fun , this game is empty of players and full of cheaters and hackers , i do not recommend this game at all  , same if someone gitf me this ,"
,Not Recommended,327090,29566402,Posted: 29 January,all,itsderik,"The game looks nothing like the screenshots and runs poorly. Don't even think about buying.The community is nearly non-existent, you'll rarely see people.Finding crafting materials is impossible"
76561198064500705,Not Recommended,327090,18866447,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,CharlieG123,this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥its just all around♥♥♥♥♥
76561198157695313,Not Recommended,327090,17714996,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,EMERGE,All server are down waste of money :/
76561197978606536,Not Recommended,327090,23373167,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,MAD,"For a survival game its very survival light.Aimed at the PvP crowd as pretty much all technology is aimed at making weapons, bandages, armour and a base.I would have liked to see some skill system where you had to learn how to make a fire, tan a hide rather than them magically appear once you have acquired suficient raw materials.A game where acquiring clean drinking water mattered"
76561198017327114,Not Recommended,327090,23301184,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,oLDwARdOG,"Bought this on sale, found servers almost dead. Logged onto a server only to be put into some buildIng I couldn't get out of.  Quit that game and went of another server, didn't know what to do and ""tutorial"" is crap.  Requesting refund. Maybe this will make others happy but for me it was a waste of time.UPDATE*** I am editing this comment to include some recieved trolling hate mail and my reply to the noob.""shelesic 31 May @ 4:15pmSo- you`ve played for half an hour(less, actually)and you want a refund. You sure are`nt one to make an effort, are you? People like you make me laugh. You buy a dirt cheap, pre-alpha game, invest 20 minutes of your time and now you cry for your mommy. Y`know kid- devs have bills to pay, mouths to feed and this game is important to them. Your milk-fed, spoiled♥♥♥♥♥isn`t happy so you denigrate the game and write an unfair, unbalanced review which could possibly contribute to the demise of a promising game that many others ARE enjoying. I would love to see what you look like in real life. If you look anything close to how you sound judging by this ""review"" of yours, I bet I would laugh and laugh.""My Responce:   ""shelestic, u mad, wimp?  The only point I have regarding your rant is to say thanks for a good laugh and the knowledge that I have upset your sensituve feelings, it makes my day. ""Whether this guy ""shelesic""  is one of the devs for this game, some brown-nosing wimp lackey of the devs or just a basic fool makes no difference to me as I have heard, seen and participated in much worse than this wimp has conjured  up. Really, if you're going to troll at least do it well. I just  thought posting his rant for others to have a laugh would be a nice thing to do in the spirit of sharing :)"
76561198180244350,Recommended,327090,29964914,Posted: 16 February,all,Dk47,awesome survival game....must buy
76561198297694398,Not Recommended,327090,30069747,Posted: 20 February,all,FireypheoniX101,servers wouldn't load. got a refund.
,Not Recommended,327090,18733137,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Cotton_Knight,"Running this game in minimum requirements, maybe a little higher. w/ Linux Mint 17.2. I must say this game isn't playable at the mimimum specs. The screen freezes up and the pings on the servers are too high, best bet is to not waste your money on this game until they have cleared out this issues."
76561198316193928,Not Recommended,327090,25179047,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,leng05,please repair the server.
76561198048197591,Not Recommended,327090,22815798,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Pickle Rick,I couldnt really get into it... I have a GTX 970 with 8 gb of DDR4 memory and it was still laggin for some reason. Keep up the good work guys I see a lot of potential in this game but for now im sticking to Rust Legacy edition
76561198049553895,Not Recommended,327090,20900832,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,echelon92,"CAUTION: ALL OF THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS FOR THIS GAME ARE QUICKLY DOWNVOTED SO DO NOT BE FOOLED WHEN ALL OF THE ""MOST HELPFUL"" REVIEWS ARE POSITIVEThere were 80 players total spread out over 27 servers when i tried playing, fullest server was EU with 6 people. There were only 20 people playing on NA servers spread out over 8 servers, the fullest being 4 players. The graphics are quite hideous on the highest quality settings (I dont even think there is any anti-aliasing, and the draw distance and level of detail is very low), movement and all interactions are extremely sluggish and awkward, and the UI is so terrible that i was extremely discouraged from even trying to figure that nightmare out. There are sky towers everywhere on a server with 4 other people. I really don't understand how anyone can give this game a positive review if they've ever played a crafting/survival game that is actually good like Rust. I played this game for a whole 6 minutes and it is an entire disaster."
,Not Recommended,327090,16466562,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,LaAsun,"After less than a hour , i felt like my 17$ were a waste..and it was..Pros -Good IdeaNice CommunityCons -Can't run on GTX 970 pretty well (or on any card)Resources are pretty impossible to get , what i got was only stone and wood..and by luck.it's like a crap version of Rust..Another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ early access game. i'm done here."
,Recommended,327090,28908737,Posted: 1 January,all,Aurinkojumala,yeees very good cheap rust yeees good yes
,Not Recommended,327090,19078051,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,87FireBlast,Here is this game in a nutshell:hit stuff with a rockdiehit more stuff with rocksdie againhit EVEN MORE stuff with rocksfinaly make a decent base only to die
76561198011734262,Not Recommended,327090,20285274,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Fenr!s,"Seems like a decent survival game.. Like the boats idea and stuff.But its badly optimized and there are not people playin' at all.. 10 servers empty, another 10 servers with 1-4/75 players online .."
76561198220396244,Not Recommended,327090,19001002,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Bloatie,"Wont let meplay whenever it says makesure you are logged intoyour steam accountn i type in my name and passand yet it wont work, fix this or give mea refund."
,Recommended,327090,26038709,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Paloterox,out of reach
,Not Recommended,327090,21002810,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Hydrohornet,Game looks good. Max players on server 12.
,Recommended,327090,35091301,Posted: 20 September,all,DOOBSTER,i mean its ok
,Not Recommended,327090,27514087,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,NoHaxJustPotato,"This game is one of the worst games tht i have played in a long time, the graphics are terrible, it is impossible to hit anything. Every hit box is completely terribe, and the previews are of a completely different game."
76561198164394450,Not Recommended,327090,21790367,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Angela Ferkel,This gME IS GREAT BUT IT DOES GET BORING AND NO ONE IS ON THE SERVER MAXIMUM 3 PEOPLE
,Not Recommended,327090,18351256,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,MikeStewartArt,I don't recommened this at all. I am waiting on a STEAM refund now.
,Not Recommended,327090,17398981,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,ZOMBKEEZY,wish i could say i enjoyed this game but i didn't so no ones ever on the servers and well who cares bout any game play or how u can build but cant get any material but wood lol or maybe i didnt spend enough time running around in circles cuz it all looks the same  trees a rock water n grass  really nothing to this game yet accept boredom and yupppp sitll sitting here bored in game lol hopefully ppl actually start filling the servers cuz the treasure chest n rare items non craft ables is a great theory so lets see what the future holds
76561198271132328,Not Recommended,327090,23242965,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,- Timmy SlimJimmy -,"Out of Reach feels like an outdated, boring, and worse version of Rust.Not a bad game, But honestly, just get rust instead of Out of Reach."
,Not Recommended,327090,22752352,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,PaulTheMew,Tutorial is not too helpful and its very confusing.
76561198202101670,Not Recommended,327090,29803520,Posted: 9 February,all,Bruse Dunder,Seems dead tho.
,Not Recommended,327090,29345232,Posted: 18 January,all,Tigg3r00,The game opens to a black screen and that's it.  I fell asleep while reading the throubleshooting support and now I can't have it refunded either. >:(  The cover art and description are great; they make me want to play the game.  >8E
,Not Recommended,327090,22124020,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,DabDimmaDome™,very bad mouse is all messed up ect
76561198087854073,Not Recommended,327090,20693485,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,SG YourPetFrog,"The Game Has Great Graphics And A Great Community, The Game Has over 30 fps if you hve a laptop And The Gameplay Is Exiting. 10/10 IGN But, The Game Is Really Horrible The Graphics Needs To Get A Big Step-Up, The Community Is Rubbish I Am Telling You Don't Buy The Game"
76561198147938484,Not Recommended,327090,19107132,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Moldy Turtle Burgers,"TL:DR:♥♥♥♥♥♥optimization. Literally have one of the best graphics card you can get and i get a lagspike every meter i walk, and the game feels like its locked at 30 frames. Textures look horrible. Grind is ridiculous. Takes about ten mins to gather all the stone and wood you need for most things, but then you need to get flax which is very rare for some reason, and every plant is about half a rope. Then you need bone, to get a bow (the lowest tier) and kill some animals. You get it from animals themselves which either 1. Kill you in two shots or 2. Run away at the speed of sound and never tire. Spears dont help, you cannot throw them. So there is no way to actually kill an animal without a bow, which actually requires bone, so you cant even kill an animal without getting lucky by it trapping itself in a tree or something.Pros:Fun at first.Cons:Toxic community (RDM everywhere, no such thing as teaming.)Almost no people on serversCannot progress past a certain pointEye♥♥♥♥♥♥graphics and absolutely horrible lagspikesBugsFeels like locked at 30 framesAbsolutely horrible grind♥♥♥♥♥♥ levelling system (other players have huge advantages over others just cause they chopped more trees or somehow killed more animals then the other player)Crappy raiding system (take ten hours to claim and destroy a base)Definetely getting a refund."
,Recommended,327090,19798778,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Kn0bz,vedy goooood!
,Recommended,327090,23845804,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,GreaseMan,is pretty good excited to see what comes of it.
76561198081555679,Not Recommended,327090,20366592,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,The Elf,"Ummm well they finally optimized the game some, which is nice. Hoever, food is still super rare, so unless you want to make a little progress, die, find your body and get your stop back constantly, I'd stay away from this game.10/10 would hit a tree then starve to death again."
,Recommended,327090,22391102,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Unknown,.
,Not Recommended,327090,29639398,Posted: 1 February,all,Possesed Dolphin,"Nothing in this game is immersive, everything feels alittle off. Hunting is aids and the animals have bad animations."
,Recommended,327090,30509103,Posted: 14 March,all,.:†๖ۣۜDųƒƒMαл†:.,absolut worth it... setting up my own server and loving to hunt + build :)
,Not Recommended,327090,24685819,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Bojack,"Bought it because it was on sale and RhinoCrunch was PAID to review it, now i see why they PAID him because the only way to say anything good about this horrible game is if you are PAID, 2/10 do not buy for the sake of your own sanity PLEASE."
76561198114150155,Not Recommended,327090,18982057,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,kadbain,this game stinks dont get it
76561198274289628,Not Recommended,327090,23318803,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Ghouls,spent 30 minutes trying to get in a server. Crash everytime even though I\'ve installed the crash re-work.
76561198264139296,Not Recommended,327090,29714121,Posted: 5 February,all,InYourFace2day,"Id Like to start off by saying this is not my first survival game. Iv played my share of survival and have rarely seen anything as abnoxious as this. I log on and the servers are all dead, the quality and texture are pathetic, everything about the game is laggy, it lacks everything it possible can in sounds and ambient lighting, just a nigthmare. Needless to say it took me 15 min to figure out that this is a complete waste of my time and i will not be playing this game. If you are planning on buying this game. please do yourself a favor and get Ark or Subnautica."
,Recommended,327090,30083141,Posted: 21 February,all,Zerocool,This game is better than pie!
76561198115052119,Not Recommended,327090,29701676,Posted: 4 February,all,Nightshad,not that great
,Not Recommended,327090,20115774,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Ancell,"I tried playing this game but it kept crashing exactly at the time the game was loading after connection to server. It's not my PC, it's the game with a major shader defect. The support team was responsive but it didn't work out for me. I'm proceeding to get a refund. Oh and I have a Nvidia gtx 650, a pretty decent card for this kind of game. I'd recommend buying it maybe after a month or two when they get their shaders and graphics organised."
76561198061130134,Recommended,327090,33453378,Posted: 11 July,all,p53 Tumor Supressor Gene,6/10 Weird controls.
,Recommended,327090,25482966,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,JackYou,"Love this game, cant wait to see more content for it..."
76561198043884349,Recommended,327090,31307583,Posted: 22 April,all,Wumbo,nice memes
,Recommended,327090,30728673,Posted: 25 March,all,Wernher von Braun,a good game with bad graphics.
76561198156199597,Recommended,327090,32229980,Posted: 6 June,all,FEROZ,A+ Great games!
76561198084784437,Not Recommended,327090,22397595,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,FFFUUU,Tedious initial experience. Low population on servers. Very small and hard to read writing.
,Not Recommended,327090,22851234,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Libby,"I went into it expecting a mash up of the best of Minecraft and Rust and got the very worst of.Graphically it's nice but goddamn, I was falling asleep in the first 20 minutes of play. In that time I:- cut down enough trees to have 400 wood (it was night, I couldn't see♥♥♥♥♥♥ so chopping trees was go)- found some stones. cut up those stones- tried to figure out the menu- made rock chips from thin air??? because at that point I didn't have any stones in my pack- found some corn and kept being told I couldn't do two things at once when trying to pick it (mind you no icon showed up)- found some cotton - this time some wait icon showed up but spamming click made it not appear- built a spear because ♥♥♥♥♥es love spears. this did not update the 'build a weapon' tutorial in the survival guide.- ran into a tiger- got my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me by said tiger- quit the gameNow that might sound like a good time to you but frankly, it bored me to death. Even the battle with the tiger was boring as ♥♥♥♥, which is sad since it's a BATTLE WITH A GODDAMN TIGER!!!The menu is clunky as ♥♥♥♥ to use, requiring you to click on choices more than once to activate them quite often. I know it's in Early Access but still... how do you make a tiger battle that boring?orzI can't yet recommend this game to players. Maybe when it's no longer in Early Access."
76561198073881301,Not Recommended,327090,17713310,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,SmellyToad,Really high ms on both eu / us. no players. More servers then players.
,Not Recommended,327090,20657047,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Gring,"I bought this game thinking "" hey its a new game like (Rust, Life is Feudal etc... ) i look at the video of the game in the store page here on steam, Nice graphics i say to myself, i think ill try this game, looks interesting.so i buy the game, and install it, then i start it up and join a PvE server ( Mainly cus i dont like PvP, especially if i just started a new game) My character wakes up on the beach in the middle of the night, its dark and i cant see mutch around me, i get tips poppin up about a tutorial, so open the tutorial and see some images with info on it, i browse through all the images and i get the meaning of it, i get a hint of pressing "" J "" to open the journal with some help in it, there it says i should try and find some food, theres 3 types of food i can find, some berries that grows on the meadows and between the trees, and theres some corn that grows on the meadows and where theres lots of light, and theres some musrooms that grow on hard to reach places and where its dark. so i set off on my way trying to find some food, i walk around for about 10 minutes and i hit a bluish rock that gives me 1 rock pr hit, i then go hit a tree and get 1 wood pr hit, i look between the trees to find the berries but cant find any, there looks like theres some bushes there but its no berries or any indication that theres anything to loot on them, so i wander a bit more around exploring my way around the map, after 30 minutes i find a place where there is some flax bushes on the groud, i loot these and get enough flax to make some ropes, then i made myself a pick axe to gather stuff easier, i find another bluish stone and wack at it with my new pick axe, still i only get like 1-2 stones pr hit, very aggerwating since i got this nice tool and all, i come over some fish traps and loot these and get 6 fish, i think to myself "" Woohoo i found food! "" but No! i cant figure out how to consume this fish. so back to the hunt for berries , corn or mushrooms, 50 minutes in and ive fould some more flax, wood and stone so i make a spear, mainly cus i saw some Tigers running around, i found a big nice meadow with some Tigers, Zebras and Antilopes, by now my food meter has become red and im very hungry, still i have nof found any food other than the fish in the yarn, so i minded my own buisness looting the flax and looking through the meadow for food when this one Tiger came at me, i hit it some times with the spear at no awail, the Tiger bit me like 3-4 times and then i was dead! So then after almoust an hour in the game, struggling to find food, that shoud be pretty easy in sutch survival games. i quit. No way i want to play a game with hardly any food!"
,Not Recommended,327090,19068198,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,an4rei,Refunded
,Not Recommended,327090,23319449,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,DesTruKto,the pvp in this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ do not buy this unless you want to waste your money and have the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ twin brother of reing of kings.
,Not Recommended,327090,24702486,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Kenneth Bone,Just got the game and all the US severs dont work and no one is even on them
,Not Recommended,327090,24751982,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,mdaniel,"When a player starts thinking, ""oh, man, I really miss how well 7 Days to Die handles this,"" you know your game is the pits.So the game starts, you're on a beach, it's your first interaction with the game and it takes 10 seconds to stand up. It's dark. The instructions say to find food - in the dark. You wander aimlessly, discover you can chop wood like in other crafting games, try to chop rocks but nothing doing. Then you're killed by a hippo; there is now a respawn counter - so you have to sit there and ... what? think about what you've done? Anyway, now you have to start back on the beach, and waitanother 10 secondsto get back to wandering aimlessly.But this time, you strike at a rock and whoa, it says you have gathered stones. I see: some stones are stonable, others are just decoration. How can you tell? You strike at them and pray. Still no sign of this mythical food you're supposed to be gathering, but that plant is lit different from the background (a time-honored tradition in games that indicates said object is not ""background"" but rather something you can interact with). Oh, too bad for you: it's just a plant that's lit different from all the rest. Nothing to see here, move along.Found a corn plant! Press action to gather corn. Watch the ""gather corn"" spinner 1 ... 2 ... 3 ... I'm going to die of boredom before I die of hunger. Oh, wait, it didn't take all of the corn plant. Press action again: 1 ... 2, press action again in hopes of getting a move on: game scolds you saying you can't do multiple things at once. Wait for the spinner to reach the 11 o'clock position, press action, enter next cycle. You may think: hold down action! You can think that, but thinking is all that will happen.The ""journal"" is now happy you have found corn, and your next task is to make an axe, which requires wood (ok), stones (ok) and a rope?! Welcome to the bane of your existence in this game: searching for flax. They are blue flowered plants that look like some of the other plants (q.v. different from the grass) except you can't see them until you are right up on them. What a fun way to explore this game, trying to identify from a distance whether a differently lit object is something you can interact with, on your way to trying to gather enough flax to make yourself an axe.Oh, and when you chop trees, they break in half, but the chop tree sound continues as you chop at the stump, but no more wood will emit from thewood stump.So you wander aimlessly, hoping for good fortune to smile upon you and produce flax plants.Oh, look, a sunken ship off shore! I bet that has supplies, and maybe even the ever elusive rope. So you walk out into the water, and instantly realize there is something wrong because your stamina meter is dropping even when you're standing still in the water. That'sclearlyno good. Exit the water to recharge your stamina, and re-enter the water without any standing around about it: we're swimming.You have made it almost to the boat, stamina running perilously low (knowing this game will drown your sorry♥♥♥♥♥because it hates you), and you may think about crawling on the rocks in the water, but experience has taught you that there will be no concessions in your favor, best to just try to make it to the ship. Stamina runs out, you begin to sink. But the space bar will raise you back up to the surface, whew. Only, holy cow! Are we being attacked by sharks? No, you just happen to be in the water, with your head above water taking damage from the ... body being in the water? Who knows.But ah ha, you had enough health to survive the attack of the salt water (roll to save versus saline!) and you make it up onto the rocks via the mast that had fallen in the water. You're now on the boat! Great! You hack at the door with your axe, it makes a chopping sound, but nothing seems to be happening. You hack a thewindowwith your axe: more noises, nothing changes. You hack at the wood railing. You hack at therope. Nothing.You decide to explore the boat to find if maybe there is an alternate entrance. Your character doesn't move up the stairs because they are at a 45 degree angle. Humans can put a man on the moon, but your character cannot walk up stairs because they are not perpendicular to you.That's when you nope right out of thisgameenhanced interrogation technique."
,Not Recommended,327090,24339976,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,DorianGray,"This is not a good game. 100% copycat without a single unique or innovative idea. Technically and game design wise worse than the competition (and I am not only talking about the niche leaders). As I read, the financing for the project failed, so it's a hobby thing now. For that it's nice, but you really shouldn't spend your money on something like that."
,Not Recommended,327090,21713681,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Jason Voorhees Peter,"I just hated it, dude this is one of the worst games I've ever played since survival: portspocalypse.   :(   :(   :(   :("
76561198258428690,Not Recommended,327090,22177027,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,miabellz12,"I Bought this game, it was quickly installed and i gotreally excited. BUT IT DIDNT RUN!!"
,Not Recommended,327090,18888113,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,batfreek ™,you by the game 10 mins play ast for refund wait for ever for monny back not very good
,Not Recommended,327090,18832111,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Magnifitrix,"♥♥♥♥ing irritating, have to use servers."
76561198125249997,Not Recommended,327090,25152070,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Michonne,"Choppy controls, bad graphics"
76561198014969250,Not Recommended,327090,24236568,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Loviatar,"Great game for trolling people. Unfortunately that is about all it is good for.* Community is based towards killing anyone in sight.* Most servers have a few guys that go around starter spawn spots to kill / camp out* No ingame goals, no ingame challengeI managed to build a base, reinforce it with bronze, upgrade builders desk, raise trebuchets and destroy the largest building of the biggest clan on server all in under 6 hours.(pro tip: gang up on armored people, kill, loot and melt down their gear)"
76561198029818396,Not Recommended,327090,24690844,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,GrenadesAndHamm,"I don't know if I just couldn't get into it, or if its a bad game."
76561198141065494,Not Recommended,327090,19073706,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,DesertKnight,DON'T EVEN THINK OF BUYING THIS  (S H I T)  ATMI'M WARRNING YOU!!!!!MAYBE LATER WHEN THE WORK WELL ON IT
76561197989957410,Not Recommended,327090,29931175,Posted: 14 February,all,Jeffro,"Looks nice, feels like a game i thought i could get into after grinding resources for 40 min to build a house and get eaten by a tiger.... made a bow instead on my second spawn try to kill tiger and get eaten again... seem like the battle mechanics need to be tweaked a bit that or i apparently have zero idea of how this works"
,Recommended,327090,30511314,Posted: 14 March,all,Sergia,IT IS VERY nice game for me there is big craft system
,Not Recommended,327090,16850317,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,The KLF,dont buy this game for mac because no one will ever play it.....the servers are all empty.....
,Not Recommended,327090,30388981,Posted: 8 March,all,Johny NIch,"I loaded up the game and joined a game. Waited for a bit and got onto character creation. After that, I got onto another loading screen. Waited a long time. Nothing. Tried agian. Nothing. Tried turning all the graphics settings down. Nothing. The game simply didn't work."
76561197970537402,Not Recommended,327090,29883663,Posted: 12 February,all,Gabriot,"Just another generic survival/crafting game with horrible battle mechanics, zero inspiration, and no purpose."
,Not Recommended,327090,18845184,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,b0st0n,hi ♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,327090,22168161,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,big_irish,Save your money.
76561198090328395,Not Recommended,327090,21026306,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Dmitry,"the people in this game or dont speak, or only say you have to go and shut up. There is not much to do and if you want to do something it takes to long and is to boring.only playable for kids of over 100 years of age2/100 would not be bored again"
76561197996305626,Not Recommended,327090,19143826,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,HITMAN69,"at first game seems grand, but then comes all the expliots, building small floor on respawn points so wild game cant respawn, building structures in caves  so nodes will not spawn chinese, have every expliot  to hand and jump servers  all the time they killing the game untill devs sort this out stay away in fact this guy has big fan base in china he streams when he in game to 100,000 so save your cash guys"
,Not Recommended,327090,20010462,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Pandrotyle,at this stage in time the game looks good in the screenshots and vids but when i played it i had a lot of fps issues and lag also at this point in time it feels very empty/bland in 1 year or 2 i may try this game again but for now i say wait as i don't feel like im getting my moneys worth.
,Not Recommended,327090,24673535,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Ω Admin Ω,I got killed by rhinoceros faster than my eye could blinking...not much server options.. the game just c.r.a.p
,Not Recommended,327090,28233140,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,BigDTylerP,"Game very laggy, can never find any materials. I walked around for and hour and only found two.."
76561197993894575,Not Recommended,327090,32747611,Posted: 24 June,all,bumbaclad,"All I can say is wow what a mess. Game starts at a server screen instead of a title screen. No music or sound to base options off of. Can’t simply host a lan game or an online game, you will click local and it well just start loading a single player game. I wanted to just play on lan to try the game out but apparently can’t without following a ridiculous number of steps to host a dedicated server and by then my refund time would be up so I’ll just save myself the trouble and refund it now."
76561198140715084,Not Recommended,327090,24543099,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,✠ϟϟAuẞtinϟϟ✠,"Please please please Never buy this game! This is just like Rust but 10 times worse, The grapics are crap And the screenshots are not how the game looks, This game for the amount of money it asks is crazy, The graphics are so bad, and its just a total rip-off Please don't ever buy this game and If you do just ask for a refund."
76561198117465530,Not Recommended,327090,18918116,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Fuck NASA,This game sucks gaping p u s s y
,Not Recommended,327090,22806198,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Paragon Kawaii,very confusing
76561198207852745,Not Recommended,327090,31307238,Posted: 22 April,all,Lil Mayo,Rubbish
,Not Recommended,327090,23313100,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Doctor,*YAWN*
76561198214405312,Not Recommended,327090,16378571,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Zero,Nobody plays it as of when i am doing this. maybe 30 servers and 29/30 are under 8 online in the whole server/ the other one has only 14/70 in the sever. I'd say go by ARK if looking for a good game ( kind of what this game is trying)
,Not Recommended,327090,24983371,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Apex,"Very, very, very, ve..... sorry got bored thinking about how boring this game was."
76561198026830918,Not Recommended,327090,24378905,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Tom Marvolo Riddle,just no
,Recommended,327090,32508976,Posted: 17 June,all,Zigg0,it gave me the♥♥♥♥♥♥for free
76561197967504054,Not Recommended,327090,28397240,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,123,"horrible graphics, empty servers, one of the worst GUI i saw in a survival game and the little i tested it wasnt really fun neither ."
76561197980003478,Not Recommended,327090,21423368,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,۞Friendly Führer,The survival game where updates are content and content sucks! Yo dawg I heard you liked♥♥♥♥♥♥so I'm gonna put more♥♥♥♥♥♥in this♥♥♥♥♥♥so I you got a super polished piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥full of♥♥♥♥♥♥to play while you♥♥♥♥♥♥ Seriously though can you just fix the destruction of buildings instead of them being invincible on a PVP server make the combat more polished and meaningful with more weapon variety.. I honestly can't remember what you guys have updated... must not have mattered much maybe its early enough to switch over to an unreal engine where development would soar over this game in a couple months of creation if ya guys are devoted enough. Good luck to you guys hope you take this criticism for the better and don't get all butthurt!
76561198004291503,Not Recommended,327090,19622403,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Hobbs,it was fun at first and became really boring as time went on!
76561198126046018,Not Recommended,327090,24672472,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Walrus_Taint🐙,"all the servers in america have trash ping or are just ♥♥♥♥ing empty. im not in some butt-♥♥♥♥ town in the middle of no where either, im in ♥♥♥♥ing san antonio. Its aids just ♥♥♥♥ing aids."
76561198171255423,Not Recommended,327090,32519500,Posted: 17 June,all,[Ripper] Neenee78,The game was not what it looked liked in the trailer do not buy this game
,Not Recommended,327090,21830171,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Yigit Kebab Dealer,Waste of time
76561198116870025,Not Recommended,327090,22691827,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,[Sg[ Evil Santa :-),♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t this game is fun but when killd all your stuff is gone(body disapears)
76561198093510711,Not Recommended,327090,22241509,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,MomFreffery,worst game i ever played
,Not Recommended,327090,32392894,Posted: 13 June,all,george4515 hellcase.com,Alright! Where should i beggin from ....This game looks dope in the trailer and all the things that are advertised are awesome...BUT the probably only interesting thing to do in this game would be multiplayer sadly no one is playing or there is 1 person per server at the best.I would definetly reccomend bying it only if it wasnt dying and honestly i dont know why no people play this it is a very good game if you are a guy who can play singleplayer all day and not get bored.MY EXPERIENCE WITH IT:>saw game on my queue>saw it was only 15 euro>bought it>found a server with two people>got killed by a tiger right when i joined>tried to play but the people left>ran for a refund to buy a better game for the same money
,Not Recommended,327090,29439179,Posted: 23 January,all,✠ Sirtrex ✠,juego qlo malo
76561198096492522,Not Recommended,327090,22167914,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Zabbadabbadoo,no
,Not Recommended,327090,23305630,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Bamanboi,Laughably horrible
,Not Recommended,327090,22126425,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Ching RING,"bad, looks like potato. bows is potato's, arrows is potatos. physics is potatoes. everything about this game is potatoes. i would rather eat rotten potatoes, than playing this piece of potato again. bad textures, bad everything. dont buy this if u dont like wasting money on potatoes ofc"
,Not Recommended,327090,19603206,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,N4,"Im sorry, this game isn't very good."
,Not Recommended,327090,23993919,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,geralt the king,con- the whole gamecon- i now know the refund button works :)
76561198265660197,Not Recommended,327090,22889489,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,raderpower,"SO!!!! BAD LAG,"
,Not Recommended,327090,22084224,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,panda_man1234,"Super laggy, super crap, super awful"
,Not Recommended,327090,33444109,Posted: 10 July,all,George,"This game tries to be rust, doesn't even make it close. No content, no fanbase, no community."
,Not Recommended,327090,23462603,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Watter,"I dont like this game because since there are so many, this one does not go to par with the rest. Rust or Ark is much better and not a waste of money"
76561198170235302,Not Recommended,327090,19354413,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Godfrey,Sucks
,Not Recommended,327090,24547834,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Perplexing Pegasus,Dont waste your time just kys
76561198121733451,Not Recommended,327090,23701055,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Big Guwop,Bought this game. Looked at Servers. Like 3 china servers maxed out with players. All other servers dead max like 5 players online. 0/10 Would refund again Do not buy this game is dead. Glad there is a refund option bought project zomboid with refund money much better game
,Not Recommended,327090,23362348,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Allahu Ahkbar,feels weird.
,Not Recommended,327090,31311803,Posted: 22 April,all,pRaMhAtIbIe,bad
76561198119134486,Not Recommended,327090,29292522,Posted: 16 January,all,PorkchopGuy78,"This game's for Communists, still came though"
76561198044122050,Not Recommended,327090,21466041,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,chicks99,"Dear devlopers......................./´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
,Not Recommended,327090,22857190,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,[51stNY(Co.A)] Cpl.Ryan,"Games crap, nothing like it shows in the picture. Complete rip off. I don't understand why iit has positive reviews."
,Not Recommended,327090,23300642,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Edgar,Well. I would like to say that this game left me more shocked than when my dad decided to leave 15 years ago. It is amazing to think that this game even exists and the fact that my eyes have had to see it is the worst pain i have ever felt. Another thing is that it dosent work at all on my system and i have 3 Titans. I think you little kippers out there are better off spending your money on bubble and kush than swinging your ♥♥♥♥♥ around in an open-world that makes minecraft look like Grand theft auto 5. 0/10 kippers would look at again
,Not Recommended,327090,30571053,Posted: 17 March,all,bloodyking0893,cant load it i realy wanted to play tho looks cool
76561198209224848,Not Recommended,327090,19738224,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,HOLLYWOOD,Refunded immediatlyPlayers are unkindVery Boring to Play
76561198191706223,Not Recommended,327090,19157951,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,由人,"This game r not allowing high intellective players exist. Dev allow bugs exist, they put more time in finding players who take advantage from bugs rather than fix it!!! If u think u r a creative and high intellective players DONT EVEN buy this game. This game will kill u. A game do not allow smart♥♥♥♥♥to play, but dumb♥♥♥♥♥to play."
76561198349236320,Not Recommended,327090,32543864,Posted: 18 June,all,Lex.brown421,Seriously the worst game every played.  I would not suggest this on anyone.  It is insanely laggy and the game rules dont hold up.  So if you want to waste your time and money then go ahead.  At least I warned you.
76561198307016289,Not Recommended,327090,29396015,Posted: 21 January,all,Deadlock!,This is a pointless game;[.
,Not Recommended,327090,32180644,Posted: 4 June,all,cedwardstecker,Dog♥♥♥♥♥♥game. Don't waste your time.
76561198278702234,Not Recommended,327090,31850045,Posted: 19 May,all,Mikasasan11,hasnt worked once
76561198066122516,Not Recommended,327090,23383952,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Doomknight,"This game... I played it for 1hour 30min and:1) i did the tutorial... (ugly and boring to read)2) i tried to change my controls because wtf weird? (you can't change the controls)3) the crafting menu said i had to search for flax: i searched for 1 hour...4) i made an axe after 1 hour and started to build my house, building menu is really f*cked up5) people came to me (fully armoured and geared) and said i must leave and then they killed me6) REFUND OMG JUST BUY RUST THIS GAME IS SOO BAD!!!I give this game 0/10 NO CONCEPT NOTHING NO POTENTIAL..."
,Not Recommended,327090,19218394,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Zinfector,it SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,327090,33444636,Posted: 10 July,all,CeeRed,"No lan game play, I bought two copies and asked for a refund!"
,Not Recommended,327090,29912931,Posted: 13 February,all,🍁 Dang 🍁,wassssshhh
76561198129428177,Not Recommended,327090,29290704,Posted: 15 January,all,Biggest Mong,WOW so much fun for like 10 mins
76561198064343027,Not Recommended,327090,33761780,Posted: 24 July,all,ShaneMcPayne,It looked better than it was...
,Not Recommended,327090,34859674,Posted: 10 September,all,dakzarn,very bad game doesnt play well mechanics are horrible refunded
,Not Recommended,327090,30109646,Posted: 22 February,all,EZI978,"i played for little bit, i was disgusted lol and then my friend refunded it. (friend bought it for me)not sure how the game is now but when i tried it, it was trash.if your looking for a survival game buy rust or the forest or something not this"
,Not Recommended,327090,33415029,Posted: 9 July,all,Princess Adderall,Honestly I really do not enjoy this game. Understandable have a nice day
76561198042785161,Not Recommended,327090,16303841,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,RmS,"This is empty, boring game. Poor crafting system, play 2 hours and ask for a refund. World is empty, combat system is derp, everything is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Not recommended. ♥♥♥♥ you."
76561198150636505,Not Recommended,327090,23506015,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Hobo W/ A GRUDGE,This game is such SHI* I played for 20 minuts and I was sick! I got a refund instantly. The graphix may seem neat but the servers are shi* and the gameplay is SHI* DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!
76561198129477361,Recommended,327090,22904462,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Refgard,KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKSAFDSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSDKNFPIAM'[WEHNPIEOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONMSAMAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKJLD;;;;;;;;E'EEEEEEEEEEEEPPPPPPP[LDSP[F]GHEDIT: I don't remember making this wtf
,Not Recommended,327090,23956676,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,GeForze.<,This game just sucks not gonna waste time on a review for this♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,327090,23904720,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Slaytronic,bad game is bad
76561198310768791,Not Recommended,327090,33598511,Posted: 16 July,all,MERCYMXhellcase.com,♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥im out nigggas donald trump is better than this♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,327090,18829401,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,HardCoreGamer44,this is a pretty fun♥♥♥♥♥game not bad for 15 bucks now you got area controll this game just keeps geting better and better best buy ever i remember the day this game hit been in this game since pretty much the start and glad i bought it
,Not Recommended,327090,21189560,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,RAVELORD NITO,Just don't.
,Recommended,327090,24603738,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Noop Alley,The new update makes the game playable they fixed their game :)
76561197961364811,Recommended,327090,24913555,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,CloudWoLf,Tons of potential and very entertaining as it is I hope it continues to improve
,Not Recommended,327090,30303088,Posted: 3 March,all,Sir_Snape,"Game was perfect.. I took over an entire server, worked very hard for my steel armour and weapons until that one faithful update when the game just ♥♥♥♥ING STOPPED WORKING. I'm sure I'm not the only one experiencing this problem with the game crashing and lagging, as I've seen the other reviews and this also happens to my friends. R.I.P my steel armour and giant towers :("
,Recommended,327090,31181675,Posted: 16 April,all,MasterBoobInspector,"it is a very fun game, only there are only a few players, but there are some servers with some players, so look out for those. Cant wait for the updates!"
,Recommended,327090,25496968,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Highspy,Even if no female characters I am enjoying the game (I stay in first person)..graphics are good and the animals add that extra element. My only fear is that I will run out of content shortly - good concept so far...
,Recommended,327090,20573712,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,AustynRox,The game is fun and everything the idea is great. they update every month but for $15 iit's much better to wait till it's on sale. Right now there is very little player base but if you are only in for crafting and building and hunting the game is deff worth the money.
76561198319059872,Recommended,327090,31210676,Posted: 17 April,all,yellowabdamin,fun with friends but not much to it
76561197990377041,Recommended,327090,31230235,Posted: 18 April,all,techniche,Only have a few hours and loving it.
76561198242891786,Recommended,327090,31230968,Posted: 18 April,all,Abend. | LF PUBG Players,"I got this game today, I find it very non-repetitive you can do VERY MUCH, u can even build a glider! Totally worth 14.99, it gives me a feel of ARK and also Stranded deep. I recommend this to everyone who loves to free roam and craft."
,Not Recommended,327090,28277776,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,flamingtechie,"It's Okay. Has potential but missing much needed content and the Ui and Controls really need Improvement. Wait a few months then buy this.***UPDATE***This game now..well...sucks! The developer completely changed the game, the UI is terrble, animation is a joke. I saw only 4 people online! This game is dead"
,Recommended,327090,32347789,Posted: 11 June,all,Arrygon,"Very good survival game interesting places on islands like caves... good crafting,building,skill and combat system."
,Recommended,327090,22884740,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,<3 TheGodOfSprayControl <3,good
76561198064116600,Recommended,327090,26486060,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,The Storm,since the update and extra gather rates this game has improved no end admin respond to players faster than any other game on steam
