user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,327310,13918107,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,MrNinjaSquirrel,"Note: video review embedded below.The Marvellous Miss Take is such a phenomenal stealth game that it seems to have snuck by just about everyone.Terrible puns aside, Miss Take is likely one the most tragically passed by game of 2014, and one of its absolute bests. An isometric stealth game starring a feisty redhead who’s inherited art has been stolen away, it better understands the fundamentals of what make a brilliant stealth game than nearly anything I’ve ever played.It builds itself upon basic but rock solid mechanics - hiding, running, and pilfering anything that isn’t nailed down - and then applies them to ingenious level designs to stretch them to their absolute limits. Miss Take is immediately accessible without ever feeling dumb, giving you tools you understand but finding endless ways to constantly force you to rethink how you can apply them to a situation.There was never a moment in Miss Take where I was stagnant. There was always some guard I needed to avoid, some artwork I had to shove into my Mary Poppins-like hat, some pathway I needed to find a way through. It avoids making you feel as if you have to wait the way so many stealth games do, always urging you forward and forcing you to play better. I failed a LOT during my time with the game, but it was always do to a stupid move I’d made or an alarm I hadn’t taken into account, and never once did I want to stop because of it.Miss Take is so incredibly rewarding and satisfying that getting caught during a heist was almost inconsequential, causing me to lose a moment or two of playtime but in that showing me a way I could better approach a level. With the lack of preset guard patterns I also never got tired of replaying levels, as each attempt changed just enough to give me something new to worry about without completely casting aside the knowledge I had gained from previous attempts.And knowledge is never something Miss Take makes any attempt to hide from you. There’s a continual stream of information being sent to you from every object and obstacle in a level, from a guard’s field of view to whether or not you’re hidden to how much sound any action you perform will make. It’s all right before you at every moment of play, and it’s displayed in a way that’s instantly comprehensible and even stylistic, matching the games ridiculously slick art design as it all blends together under a fantastically jazzy soundtrack.Miss Take is the kind of game that shows why stealth games don’t have to be slow or tedious; how they can be fast and lively and organic, full of bright colors and delightful characters that were more endearing to me than games with tens of times more dialogue ever managed. The Marvellous Miss Take is as exceptional as its name declares, and it’s immensely depressing how few seem to have given it the chance so they could realize it.Note: The Marvellous Miss Take was reviewed having played exclusively with a controller. You can read more of my writing onKritiqal.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jWShM8I9RiQ&list=PLmaGkDQUd2inWbUZoSoB7v2zcJ_cJ0VGA&index=1"
,Recommended,327310,14685454,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Modest Penguin,"This is a cute stealth game where you steal artwork (which was in turn stolen from your family) from under the nose of several wandering guards. You need to avoid their line of sight and avoid making loud footsteps to get past them.  Miss Take meets two friends and you can play as either of them as well.Pros:Lots of fun, its a bit Portal-like but with easier puzzles.The music is this hip jazzy sound that builds a fun atmosphere.The puzzles can be challenging, but not too challenging.There's some map re-use, but always with a twist so it doesn't feel like you're re-playing the same map.Super cute graphics!Gadgets are fun, especially the teleporter.Everything is subtitled and all sounds like footsteps have visual representations so this game should be deaf player friendly.Cons:The guards move randomly, so sometimes you'll enter a map and not have much of a chance to win because of how it starts off because their starting pattern is too tough to break through. >.<I often had to do the same map five or six times to beat it, ymmv of course.I would have really appreciated a way to turn down the difficulty on some maps!I highly recommend this game if you're in the mood for something that's simple at first but builds up to something more challenging later, but manages to still stay fun!"
,Recommended,327310,14734253,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,OneHandedSquire,"W4MM - Looking to play!  Want to chase me around an art gallery with dogs and alarms? (London)You:A bunch of chunky goons; 6ft+ onlyMust be radiating a translucent cone from your eyes to indicate your field of visionMen in uniform with random patrol pathsMe:A lithe, classy redhead in a hat (you'll know me when I drop the hat and run when you spot me)Into toys :)  and I will bring them (glue, cat noise makers, teleporters; that's how I like it)The stealthiest fun you will ever have!;) Catch me while you can, boys!If you're into pure stealth experiences The Marvellous Miss Take certainly knows how to please.  I myself am often found crouched in the shadows, stuffing things into my pockets, being the creep that I am.  And, as such, I can tell you what makes a great stealth game.  An adequate stealth game gives you steady feedback on how visible you are at any given time and makes it clear how alert your opponents are.  A good stealth game is all about cunning movement, where actively removing threats is impossible or undesirable.  A great stealth game takes all of the above, adds a heap of character, and then does something you've never quite seen before.  Miss Take is a great stealth game.Like spitting into the hair of a tall guy a couple rows in front of you in a dark and crowded movie theater, The Marvelous Miss Take is a pure stealth experience.  You cannot incapacitate guards and your goal is to get the loot and get out without being caught.  If you get caught, you lose.However, where Miss Take really shines is in its focus on getting into and fleeing from danger.  You could take your time on every level and get through the game easily.  But if you want to get through well, you'll have to beat the par times for each level.  This might sound awful to old stealth hats, but the game doesn't punish you for being seen as long you can get away.  And as anyone who has run naked down a public street of a major city knows, that has some veracity (provided you have no obvious tattoos or weird scars).  In fact, being seen is a great way to get the guards to stop patrolling near the loot and come stomping to where you decided to give them a show (as most fellows will).  At least this is how it plays for two of the characters.What!?  Multiple characters and playstyles?  Take a minute to collect your popped monocle, reader.  Yes, Miss Take has three characters that play quite differently.  With the eponymous Miss Take you have to collect all the paintings in each level and you are usually given some sort of tool to help: smoke bombs to hide, noise makers to distract guards, a teleporter to move quickly to where you throw it, etc.  However, if somebody notices you and you run for it, she'll drop her hat, which you have to get back before you exit, making drastic evasion riskier.  Her extra goals are to beat a par time and collect loot behind display cases you have to smash (alerting anyone nearby).Your first ally is a more traditional thief, who can't run but has no par time to beat.  Your optional goal is to take your time and not be seen.  His inclusion was especially nice, since that's the sort of trimming-a-bonzai-tree, patient experience I play stealth games for and lets aficionados of the genre feel like they can ease out of their comfort zone.And finally, the third is a teenage pick-pocket who has to get up close to a guard, stay there for long enough to snatch a key and then unlock a safe that will set off a blaring alarm.  She has no tools, but she doesn't drop her hat when she springs into action like a kangaroo wearing moon shoes.  Once again, the goal is to do it quick (certainly not what she said).This plays out over 25 levels, which you will go through once for each character with minor changes for each one.  Much like the interiors of our protagonists' purses, it's an impressive amount of content.  And the difficulty most certainly rises to meet your mounting skills (oh my!), with later levels adding threats like security cameras, dogs that will pick up your scent, and lasers that will limit your movement.  Add these to the basic threat of guards with random movement patterns, and you have yourself a challenge, sir.Fortunately, the game also gives you tools to deal with the rising chaos.  Miss Take's tools are obvious, but each character can make a sound to draw guards to the area; controlling their movement for a time (and without breaking the stealth bonus for our traditional thief).  This is essential, since while random patrols provide a pleasant risk, it would be terrible if you had to wait for them to move into or out of the ideal position for half an hour while the RNG has declared the order of the day is back and forth like the ping pong savants' international tournament for obsessive compulsives.And if this extensive love letter to Miss Take isn't enough, the aesthetic of the game is perfectly fitting a game about art and the acquisition thereof.  The soundtrack is stellar, with a good selection of lovely hard bop jazz.  The models are fairly simple, but the animation is good looking and lively and the use of bright colors make sure Miss Take looks timeless rather than basic.  The characterization of our heroes is strong and - despite their seemingly misanthropic profession - they're made quite likable, like a bunch of posh Robin Hoods, in comparison to the completely deplorable villain.  The game isn't terribly verbose (unlike me), but the dialogue that is there is often witty and enjoyable.Miss Take does have her worts, they're just small and mostly out of sight (like behind the knee or something).  Despite the quantity of levels and the small efforts to make differences between them for each of the characters, the setting for every level is the same style of art gallery.  Only the layout and time of day changes.  Graphics options are pretty solid, but it gets a little funny about the resolution when alt+tabbing out of the game.  You can't fine tune the volume controls or rebind keys.  I found using pure mouse control to be less than smooth, but using the keyboard to walk fixed that (the 360 controller also works).  And the glue tool has some problems.  For some reason glued enemies would stay alert and constantly aware of my position until the glue ended, causing some problems.  But really, if Miss Take were a painting, the stain of these would only amount to a single drop of coffee from the spit-take at how otherwise amazing it is.So, yeah, The Marvelous Miss Take is easily the best stealth game I have played in some time.  Worth twenty dollars?  Maybe, if you just need your skulking in shadows fix.  I'd probably recommend waiting until it goes on sale for ten bucks.  But absolutely get it then.  If stealth is your thing, you won't be disappointed.  If stealth isn't your thing?  Well, Miss Take won't go out of her way to court you, but if you meet her halfway, she might provide you a chance to get into it (ba-zing).One Last Note:I read a couple comments to effect that some people were put off of this game by Feminist Frequency's endorsement of it.  I won't jump to any conclusions about those that might feel wary about that.  Frankly, if a group that is about a social/political agenda, even one I was involved with, was pushing a game, I'd probably be concerned that I'd just have to sit through a parade of their memes rather than a game I enjoy.  Don't worry about that.  The Marvelous Miss Take will appeal to feminists for obvious reasons (and good for Miss Take for hitting that demographic), but it isn't a feminist game.  It's a stealth game.  A really, really good stealth game.  A great stealth game."
76561198003030375,Recommended,327310,13655900,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,The_Cpt_FROGGY,"The Marvellous Miss TakeYou are playing the fabulous and fashionable Sophia Take and your aim is to take back your aunt art collections.In each level you have to collect paintings and others art items as fast as you can and without being detected by guards, camera and others. You will have at your disposition gadgets to help you in your heists.This game is very well presented, great audio (Fabulous) and easy to play but challenging.You must help Sophia Take! She can’t do it without you.This game also have achievements and trading cards.8.5/10MORE THE_CPT_FROGGY REVIEWS HEREFOLLOW THE CPT FROGGY CURATOR PAGE HERE"
,Recommended,327310,13191074,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,rubyeye,"The Marvellous Miss Take has the allure of a great Caper Story set in London, where you play as the beautiful Sophia Take, a thief reclaiming her aunt's art collection. You stealthfully try to take back your aunt's masterpieces from a number of galleries utilizing quick strategy, an array of high-tech gadgets and the special skills of your fellow bandits, Harry and Daisy. Each level provides a range of challenging security from guard dogs, to lasers, and infrared cameras, requiring masterful forethought in planning your heist.  Each character has a number of achievements to unlock based on specific art pieces collected or how fast you finish the level.  When it comes to trying to beat the clock, it can be frustrating at times because the random path of the guards almost seem like they know where you are, leaving you no choice but to run and hide or start again.Part of the fun with this game comes from figuring out the fastest way to loot an area without drawing too much attention.  While you can scroll around a level to a limited diameter from your character, having a separate free ranging camera to look over each gallery before you loot the place, is remarkably absent. Sure you can see the entire layout of each building before you start the mission; however the angle is skewed and somewhat difficult to see all the key areas.  Like a real heist, we should be able to scan each floor and note where each treasure piece and security is located in order to plan our course of action as efficiently as possible.The story of 'Miss Take' is enhanced with jazzy music, stylish animation and a colorful palette.  The narration is bookmarked with humorous newspaper headlines about your antics and simple text boxes spoken between your characters and patrons.  Given the setting, it would have been great to hear these characters actually speak with an English accent.  It would have literally breathed some personality into these characters and brought the game to life.Gameplay itself is deceptively simple, using point-and-click mouse controls to run, walk, distract and throw objects.  Crouching is done automatically when you sneak behind tables and pillars. There is an option to use Keyboard controls but there is no indication of what those keys are, and no way to rebind them. The latest update added an Action Camera function, the (C) key, to zoom-in on your character during gameplay.  Unfortunately this is nothing more than a close-up still frame for screen capturing; you cannot play while in this view.  While the official trailer shows clips of Sophia walking around at this lower camera angle, it's bewildering why this new feature locks the game as it would have added a whole new dimension and replay value.Despite some of these minor qualms, The Marvellous Miss Take is a refreshingly fun and unique ‘take’ on the stealth action genre.  You’ll spend hours sneaking your way through a minefield of puzzling obstacles, reclaim your aunt’s “stolen” masterpieces, and do it all over again just to beat your previous time."
76561197979396307,Not Recommended,327310,13771076,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,dccarles,"This is a wonderful game, or could be, if the difficulty didn't spike after the second mission and just keep on spiking like an all-star women's volleyball team.I know saying 'this is too hard' invites all sorts of comments questioning one's intelligence, ability and general ability to not derp the place up.  I've considered all these hypotheses already.  I know I further invite obloquy by swimming upstream and giving a thumbs-down to a very well reviewed game.  No, the game is just too damn hard to be fun.The game is original, has more style in one pixel than most games do in an entire screencap, the characters are engaging and the writing okay.  All these qualities pall the fifteenth time youattempt a level because, well, you had every trophy and were headed to the exit nd two guards just decided to both turn at once and box you in.Please, Turbulenz.  This game could be a gem if only there were some kind of variable difficulty setting.  All its qualities just make it all the more of an exercise in tooth-breaking frustration."
76561197973952918,Recommended,327310,13572269,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,blu_light16,"With a focus on fast-paced heists, The Marvellous Miss Take brings some fresh new ideas to the stealth genre. Miss Take stands out amidst the gloomy atmospheres of other recent stealth games thanks to lighthearted humor and a positive attitude. I like the variety of challenges and the “easy to learn, tough to master” feel that makes it fun to replay the levels.There are a few spots that could use improvement, though. The focus on aiming for better times is problematic due to the random movements of the guards. Pure luck often makes the difference between a good run and a bad run, and that can feel unfair. I think it would be better to eliminate the clock and focus instead on making larger levels and giving each of them a distinct “flavor,” since all the stages look and sound pretty much the same.On the whole, I found The Marvellous Miss Take to be a very pleasant surprise. The visual/audio style, themes, and gameplay are very unique and elegantly presented. Fans of stealth games should definitely check this one out.(Rating: 8/10 “Very Good”)Notes: The mouse and keyboard controls felt awkward early on, so I switched to an Xbox 360 controller for Windows and never looked back."
,Recommended,327310,13061051,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,ptor,"It's a light-hearted stealth game, with a remarkable lack of violence, great sense of humour, great music effects and soundtrack that react to your actions, stylish visuals, and a well balanced challenge system.The virdict? Jolly good!"
76561197970262379,Not Recommended,327310,13188351,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,thegrommit,"Great soundtrack and aesthetic, but not recommended unless you like the blind panic style of gameplay this seems designed around.The teleporter cooldown being tied to the amount of loot collected implies the game will reward strategic thinking, but the random guard pathing means completion of missions is often down to pure luck.Similarly, pathing of your own character is unpredictable.  Click on a destination that's not reachable via a straight line, and you can find yourself in view of a guard or security camera.Speaking of security cameras, these have a small ""safe"" area directly below them.  However, the controls are just vague enough that it's easy to accidentally click on a pixel too far and end up within view of the camera.Other issues to note:- Quitting mid-mission means you have to redo it from the start, there's no warning of this (as of Dec 1st).  This is particularly annoying for missions with three floors.- You have to complete all missions within a chapter in sequence.  There is no ability to switch to another mission in the same chapter if you get stuck.- The camera cannot be zoomed out to give you a view of the whole floor (though there is limited scrolling).  This makes it more difficult to plan your route in advance.While the game is clearly not for me, it has promise and might be appreciated by someone who enjoys games where a large element of luck is needed."
,Recommended,327310,23828323,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,lemehmet,"A lovely game of stealth. On par with Commandos of 90's, even better with its unique art and music.We have been playing the game with my daughters, now they are role playing as Miss Take (Charming name BTW:) with the cat as the guard and stealing stuff all around home.I definitely recommend, at this price it is a heist itself."
,Recommended,327310,22510198,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,愛 ♥Imouto-chan♥,"The Marvelous Miss Take is one of the best stealth-action game's you've probably never heard of.You're quickly introduced to Sophia Take, the main character and find out that your Aunt had passed away and in her will she had left her art collection to Sophia. You then find out that Ralph Blackstock forges a new will and takes Sophia's Aunts entire art collection and your job is to get it back and prove he stole it from you.Now the game is split into five chapters and each chapter is composed of five stages, to start with the stages are very basic. There are some cameras and a few guards patrolling the art gallery but as you continue they start using dogs and motion detecting lasers to try and stop you. You'll notice right away that Sophia is just your average thief, nothing too fancy; she can nimbly get away with nothing but her wits and whatever gadget the stage gave to you. As the stages get more complex you'll meet two new characters, Harry the Thief and Daisy the Pickpocket. Eventually these two characters join your party and help Sophia try and get her art collection back. Both of these characters play completely different and also have to complete seperate goals than the other two. Harry the Thief walks with a cane so he's slower than Sophia and Daisy but he can throw his trusty bouncy ball to distract guards and his missions are literal stealth missions; don't get caught at all because he can't escape easily. Daisy the Pickpocket is the fastest of the three and can walk around guards without alerting them, her missions are also drastically different; you have to steal keys from guards to open safes for cash rather than just stealing art and leaving.This game definitely builds itself on basic but rock solid stealth mechanics - hiding, running (or walking) and stealing anything that isn't outright nailed down and then applies all of that to its extraordinary level design. On top of that the game has extremely simplistic controls, you can play it with just the mouse if you wanted to; or keyboard for movement and mouse for actions; or even just your controller. One downside is that there are no remapping controls, so if you don't have a controller and the default controls for keyboard & mouse bother you than you are out of luck.Graphically there isn't anything to complain about, some might like the cartoony feel while others might hate it. I personally feel that it helps the game stand out amongst other games in the genre usually being dark rather than having that happy yet serious feel. Don't let the bright nature of this game fool you, it will take no mercy on you in the later stages.Now the soundtrack for this game was phenomenal, it has that jazzy down to earth feel while you're slyly prowling around an art gallery trying your best not to get caught while you pilfer paintings or other priceless treasures.Honestly The Marvelous Miss Take is a perfect example of how a stealth game doesn't need to be slow or tedious; how they can also be fast and lively, in a world of bright colours and memorable characters that don't need to have fifteen times the dialogue introducing them to be remembered. This game is as great as it's very own name states, it's just depressing no one really gives it the chance it deserves.If you're into stealth games and have wondered ""is this the game for me?"" I can probably say without a doubt, yes it is. Highly recommend a purchase at any price; it has enough content to keep you entertained for hours and then some."
,Recommended,327310,13111988,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Simon Wriglesworth,"Review Writen on: 27th November 201410/10! Such a great and simple concept for a video game! I love the art style of the game and overall just love the stealth gameplay through the whole game. The title of the game ""The Marvellous Miss Take"" is pretty clever which makes me like the game even more. Throughout the game you learn how to beat certain levels and how to get around certain art museums.The challenge's to get a fast time and to get the bonus objects just makes the game so much better! I would reccomend getting the game while it is on sale at (50%) off. So far there arent any bugs in the game which I have noticed but if there are I will still love the game for what it is worth. Hope the developers keep updating this game and maybe in the future they could make free DLC which would extend the gameplay just an extra hour or so.- Simon"
,Recommended,327310,13111356,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,"Fat-Man ""Asdke""","I finished Chapter one, I like the game, so far that I played there isn't much to the story. But the game play is fun, the controls are a little off, but beside that it's fun! But I think 19.99$ is a bit overpriced, but thanks to the Steam Sale I got it for 9.99$ Which feels like a better price8/10"
,Recommended,327310,13215297,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Messofanego,"Heisting With Wits Not FistsEven though there isn't much competition, this is the best and most replayble stealth game of the year. Miss Sophia Take needs to get back her rightfully owned art pieces from various levels. Might not look it, but the game is quite experimental and challenging underneath the top-notch poppy cartoonish presentation. The art design and jazzy soundtrack are sublime. It's a game designed around non-violence and ghosting, which is even lacking among the greatest stealth games that still allow you to knock out every guard but this game is all about getting in and out of a level sight unseen.The control method is more like an RTS where it's mouse-only (although you can use WASD) but with one unit set against guards, cameras, dogs, and lasers. You move with the LMB and you can hold down for whistling to distract an enemy. with RMB, you can throw a gadget like a noisemaker or teleporter. My one gripe about the gadgets is they're not used in enough levels, and the glue gadget is almost entirely useless but is only required for just a couple of levels.It's very arcade-y where you have par times to beat and short multi-tier levels to traverse, but the random enemy placements will make you act on your toes. Sometimes that randomness can lead to being boxed in by large vision cones but realise there are only 4 types of placements, so respawning multiple times after failures is not so bad. It's hard to get angry when Miss Take, the good version of Carmen Sandiago, is spotted and throws her hat and hands in the air as she flees from being captured. Dogs are usually the most annoying enemy in stealth games, but here not only do they look cute but their small vision cones allows you to literally make them trail around in circles which is useful in later levels when they can be an obstacle to your goal. The other playable characters make for different stategies and goals in their more ghosting-frinedly versions of the same levels, and even after 10 hours of completing 25 levels, I still found their epilogues left to unlock.I found the civilians really annoying when you're trying to round a corner and get a painting at the same time while they're gawking at it, slowing down your movement and possibly getting you spotted.The story itself is quite light-hearted, with a good sense of humour (""You're Batman, I get it""). The characters are likeable, especially Daisy where there's a whole motherly thing going on between Miss Take and her. There aren't many surprises in the plot, but the character banter between levels in your house are appreciated that gives a more family atmosphere as you three try to help each other out along the way.If you're up for a cute and challenging game, this is a steal."
,Recommended,327310,13136493,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,🍌Mana Banana🍌,"I r8 it gr8/8 m80s. Love the art direction and sound design, and the gameplay is pretty solid so far from what I've seen. I haven't had a chance to play as the other two thieves yet, but I imagine they are great too. The guard AI is fairly reactive along with being both random and predictable. They'll go wherever they want with no pre-set path, but there are ways you can distract them to certain areas (whistling, walking into their line of sight for a second, etc).The core gameplay is you are a thief who wants to steal things, and so you do. The levels let you know how long you take, so you can always go back to a level and try to beat it faster.Overall, it's a very fun and holistic game that accomplishes what it sets out to do very well.Also I'm writing this at 2:30 AM with a headache, so if it's a terribly written review that's most likely why."
,Recommended,327310,13206185,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,M I Abrahms,"Oh, this game is a lot of fun, as long as you're OK with a tough challenge. It's not that long for a single playthrough, but then you have the extras for the main character, as well as two other characters with alternate goals and challenges on top of that.In addition, the main character may be a thief, but it's a Robin Hood-ish thief. Taking back what was supposed hers in the first place, so the public can enjoy it. This means that this is a good game for folks looking for non-combat games, because there's no attacking the guards, just distracting and avoiding them.I do feel the need to emphasize the challenge, though.  The difficulty ramps up VERY quickly, I was noticing a jump before I finished the first five rooms, but part of that may have been my attempts at the side challenges."
,Recommended,327310,18516057,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Long Hot Summer,"Good music, good art style, each level should be played in a different way with each of the three characters.The most fun you can ask for $5."
,Recommended,327310,32982994,Posted: 29 June,all,Poison,"Purchasing this game was no 'Miss Take.'A fairly simple stealth based art thievery game with a nice little art style and basic one button control scheme completely via the mouse. Great pick up and put down style of game where you play a few levels and take a break for a bit.Only a few minor issues with the game, primarily the inconsistancy of difficulty; especially between the characters. Sophia is average difficulty while Harry, the first unlocked character, has far easier stages. Later Daisy is unlocked and her levels can be frustrating beyond belief.Guards do not follow any set patrols and force you to constantly improvise your way through a level. This is both a good thing and a bad one. Sometimes guards will decide to just constantly cockblock your objective with no real way to distract them without failing the stage.Good little game barring the few things holding it back from true greatness. If you want a nice little casual stealth game you can't really go wrong here."
76561198015680028,Recommended,327310,26452721,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,ChloePrice94,Great game a little bit Hitman Go like with a heist theme. Great music score. Only Problem it's a bit luck based where the guards watch and it should be a mobile title nevertheless great game.
,Recommended,327310,18477262,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,SØNDA,I love the animation and the trama is just AWESOME
,Recommended,327310,18628132,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Av3nGeR._.Captain.America,"Undoubtedly, it is a very FUN and addicting stealth game... Seriously, I got really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥when I got caught during the end of the heist... EVERY Freaking TIME!!! LOL! I would recommend this game if it's on sale (I got it from sales too :D), wouldn't really recommend it for the normal price as it's abit pricy for me..."
,Recommended,327310,13132805,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Chinese Mike,"In the casual stealth game genre, this is top tier. It provides quite the chalenge, while still being simple to play.  All the character movements are smooth and fluid, and the music is wonderful."
,Recommended,327310,13130983,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,PaulECoyote,"The game is a very charming and unique take on a stealth game.  It is a game of not only sneaking, but distraction.  Pattern recognition will not help, guard patterns are not often predictable.I have put about 5 hours in to this so far and unlocked 2 other characters.  Each character completes a level using a different distraction trick.I brought this game full price when it came out, but for the current price of $9.99 it is pretty much a no brainer.One thing - if you are on a Macbook you are going to need a mouse with a right mouse button to play.  The right mouse button is used to throw gadgets.(Disclosure, I worked with at least one of the developers who worked on this game back at Lionhead Studios a while ago. So there's some AAA experience in here... but they've gone indy :) )"
,Recommended,327310,14509241,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Juma,Beautiful game. I utterly recommend it. Amazing stealth features. Great background and music. Carmen San Diego style.
76561198087738131,Recommended,327310,14410592,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Rothana,"At the Time of WritingGame:The Marvellous Miss TakePrice:$21.99* (I got it for $10.99)Genre:casual/stealthTime Played:16 hoursPersonal Enjoyment Rating:☺☺☺☺☺ (out of 5)Links I Found Helpful**A Youtube review byNerd Cubedhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OncEz1VSVxsGeneralThis game is reallybeautifulbecause it is exectued well, well thought out, and has some great design on display. Really, it was just a delight to play not only due to the feast of visual communication (okay, disclaimer, I'm a graphic designer) but it was also fun and engaging. Plus it has a very fun and silly title.The Marvellous Miss Take is a stealth game with no violence whatsoever. You fail if you are spotted and caught. There is no blackjack to hurt people with, no blood, no weapons. It's a breath of fresh air.My time of 16 hours of play represents a game which I've finished all the achievements on. There is still more playtime on offer if one wanted to beat all of the Pro times and then all of the Dev times on two of the characters (which I will probably do over time because I love this game).GameplayThere are three characters which you play each level with, but each character requires you to play in a slightly different manner. You will find yourself trying different strategies and doing some gentle thinking. The objective is to pinch all of the loot without being caught!You hide behind objects and walls from the guards (who have an area of vision cone). There are some little gadgets you will have on some levels that make life a little easier. Then there are also masterpieces to steal, dogs to avoid, laser beams, noise, safes, and miles and miles of red rugs.Some of the levels are really very tricky if you're trying to complete them within the par time. However, I should note that it is not a requirement to complete them within a set time if you want to be a really casual player. The times do count toward an achievement, but that's all.Finally, I really like the way that the levels work. Whenever you go onto a new floor (usually 2 floors, sometimes 3) and then you fail, or do something silly, or get really unlucky, when you hit restart you restart the floor and not the entire level. I've appreciated that an awful lot over the course of 16 hours.ControlsAll done with the mouse. It can be a little tricky getting your character around tight corners at a run. Takes a bit of practice. Left click makes you move to that point, and holding the left mouse button makes you run towards the cursor.StorylineThere is a minimal storyline. It's not a deep story, but it does successfully set up a reason as to why you're going around pinching all this stuff.SoundFantastic. The music is very good, to the point where I know I'm ready to play another session when I start humming the music to myself. I played the entire game with the music on.GraphicsExceptional to my mind. Okay, so there could possibly be a few more little details and variety. For example, in the level selection house each level could have a unique painting instead of recycling graphics. However, the design is very good and everything fits together seamlessly to create a styalized world of house layouts to pilfer.Pros+ no violence+ exceptional design+ engaging and enjoyable music+ simple controls+ play as casual as you want to, or challenge yourself with timesCons- no obvious way to exit on the menu screen (press esc)- not as easy as I'd like to control a running characterHelp Me Help YouIf you did not find this review helpful,I would really appreciate your constructive criticism - tell me why it wasn’t helpful for you. It’s my hope to make the reviews that I do take the time to write up, as helpful as they possibly can be.Rothana's Steam Review ArchiveFor those that are interested in seeing more of my reviews, I have set up an archive of them at an external website. I don't earn anything off of this at all, it's just a little side project that I add to when I can. Steam won't let me create a direct link though, so you'll need to make your own way to the URL I describe now:rothana dot weebly dot comFootnotes*Any prices that I mention are in CDN because that is what I see. The primary price I list at the top is the price that I bought the game at.**I will not be keeping an eye on whether the links are up to date, so if they are broken I apologise. Remember that these are external websites and I'm just trying to be helpful - I'm not responsible for the content on the other end.Edit Log9/01/2015 formatting18/02/2015 added ""rothana's archive” section"
,Recommended,327310,14693242,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Fake,"Very well made, fun, and replayable."
,Recommended,327310,17414249,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Elystral,"An amazing take on the heist genre.  It's fun, addictive and challenging. Just buy it and love it now."
,Recommended,327310,14714472,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Thym,"Such a gem! Truly surprising that this game has only fifty-and-something reviews since it deserves a lot more.The game itself is pretty simple: you are an art thief which objective is to get back all the paintings (among another art objects) that once belonged to your aunt. They are in the posession of a villain who has several art galleries which you have to break in to retrieve them. In your journey you will meet two other friendly characters to help you out.The controls are very simple and if you own a gamepad it will be even more enjoyable;The audio are fabulous and entertaining;The graphics are magnificent: colourful, cartoon-style with a lot of details, making the characters (from the protagonists to the dog that chases you) truly beautiful art-pieces (no pun intended);The game starts easy but it is surprising how hard it gets and if you are an obsessive towards fulfilling achievements as I am, you for sure will be restarting the levels more than one time. But even so, it does not get annoying or stress you out: it is a challeging hard not a take-your-hair-off kinda of hard.I sincerelly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,327310,19048014,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Nale,"Those who's looking for a good old early MGS-style stealth and who's tired of modern-day 'realistic', yet often rushed and dissapointing titles, should definitely take a look at this game. Quite intuitive controls (based strictly on mouse controls, sheesh!), appealing cartoon graphics (haven't seen that in stealth genre since Sly Cooper) and simple, yet challenging gameplay provides overall great experience"
,Recommended,327310,18698540,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,WorLord,"As a huge fan of the genre spawned by Thief: this is great.  Love it.  The sense of style, art direction, and soundtrack especially stand out."
76561198055317710,Recommended,327310,18958556,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Jerzin_cz,"Great game! 9hours of relaxing, but challenging levels! Very funny too, sales-must-have-game"
,Recommended,327310,18526960,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Arvell,"Awesome art-direction and creative storytelling. Simple but thrilling gameplay, great soundtrack.Looking forward to your next game, guys!"
76561198030563688,Recommended,327310,20070064,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,CptEmoji,"I like this a lot more than most ""stealth"" games because I really don't have the patience for sitting around memorizing guard patterns. The movements of the guards are pretty random and getting a quick run of the stage is rewarded...they definately want you to misdirect and snatch things rather than hide in a corner. the 3 characters even play differently and each is needed to progress. Pretty fun all around."
,Recommended,327310,24956538,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Young Discord,"IS THIS GAME ANY GOOD?It's a simple stealth game, though simple does not equal easy.one thing that makes thig game unique from other stealth games is that the guards from whom you have to hide from walk randomly meaning that they don't have a pattern, this of course adds a sense of suspence and surprise to the game as you're forced to make up your plan as you go, there's just no other option, because of this no two gameplays will be the same.Many people in their review will complain about the random guard movements but that's what whistling or other gadgets are for in the game.Whistling attracts a guard's attention and will make them go towards the noise, this means that although in general the guard's movements are random this is NOT a game of pure luck, you just need to know when to whistle and where, if you master that then you will be able to enjoy the game.The story is simple and the two main characters are interesting each with unique features that change the way you play the game depending on who you pick.The graphics are simple but that plays to its advantage as it has a nice comic book feel to it and of course because of that it's easy on the graphics cards which means that most if not all can buy and enjoy this game without stupid fps drop issues.My only nitpick if I'd have to pick something here it would be the music.It's pleasant however I do see it getting old after a while (but that's not a big deal considering you can just switch the music off and put your own music from your pc as the bgm)And finally the overall satisfaction of the game... is good.Sure, it's not a triple A title but there again it never advertised itself as some sort of jesus of games and it fully delivers what it promises.I rate this game 8/10I gave this game an 8/10 because although it is a very fun game to play, it is a shame that the developers did not add a level editor which would increase this game's replayability."
,Recommended,327310,14489135,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,LocoBurger,Super fun and stylish sneaker
,Recommended,327310,13794079,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Nonanomaly,"Very fun stealth action puzzler that gets progressively more challenging. Slick, stylish and cool. Just like Miss Take!"
76561198019424810,Recommended,327310,13578635,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Doubleclick,"I wouldn't normally feel compelled to recommend a game so soon after starting it, but these are short levels and I'm at the end of Chapter Three (fully complete, all characters) so I've covered enough to give this a thumbs-up.This is a really polished game: great character designs, special skills, tactics, graphics and music. It's like a cartoon version of a 60s British heist caper. I've unlocked Harry and Daisy so far, and it's a lot of fun revisiting the levels I've beaten with Sophia Take to use these alternative characters' abilities. [At the time of writing, while there is now controller support, the controller can be a bit tricky to use through the menus. It's easy enough to navigate menus with a mouse instead, but hopefully they'll fix that soon.]The game is very easy at first as it teaches you how to play, and then ramps up the difficulty level and the enemy types to add to the challenge. I'm really pleased that the enemies aren't stuck on fixed routes, which means you have to constantly react and judge when to allow yourself to be seen and how to lure the guards. It's tough, but it always feels fair.I'm very glad I took a chance on this game. If you're reading this during the 50%-off Steam Sale, grab it now."
,Recommended,327310,13865812,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,messtradiol,"I'm having a lot of fun with this game that i'm really really bad at.This is a fun game, and very easy to pick up. The controls are simple, and all the information you need is presented very clearly. You always know exactly what the field of view for all the guards, cameras and (eventually) dogs are. The levels are pretty different, causing you to really examine the best way to approach each challenge, and the three characters all play very differently, with different goals and methods to achieve them.The art is great. Attractive, bright, colorful, fun. The only complaint I'd make is that the levels look pretty samey after a while, but that's a minor complaint, and perhaps keeping the same art style is good since it lets you focus on the elements you need to be focusing on in order to complete each level, as opposed to admiring the art.It's a surprisingly hard game. Reviews I've seen make a big deal out of the unpredictability of the guards and that is one element of the difficulty, but it's all of the elements combined. Navigating around everything quickly and quietly to achieve your goal is difficult and the game forces you to take calculated risks at times.Anyway, this is very good and fun. Plus it stars a woman, a disabled person of color, and a young girl. Thumbs up all the way."
76561198041446839,Recommended,327310,13730822,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,sin,"The art style, the music are wonderful. Sophia's sashay is just one of the beautiful things about it. It can be really challenging for such a simple take on stealth. Keyboard controls can be a little frustrating if you like presicion, but once you get used to them, it's a really fun and simple game that you can lose time to."
,Recommended,327310,13791866,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Daeranilen,"Simple, slick, and stylish, The Marvellous Miss Take is the stealth-action-puzzle game I never knew I wanted.In most stealth games, you have to sit around waiting while guards walk by, slowly memorizing their scripted paths. Being seen often results in either instant failure or a firefight, rendering the stealth gameplay frustrating or pointless. But in Miss Take, guard movement is randomized, so you're encouraged to think on your feet rather than watch and wait. Distract guards by whistling or throwing a noisemaker, toss a teleporter or a smoke bomb to dart past undetected, and even allow yourself to be seen to lure guards from their posts (then silently sneak over to steal that painting they were standing in front of). The cone-of-vision system and the ""ripples"" representing sound remove any questions about whether you could REALLY be seen or not, so getting spotted never feels unfair - heck, usually you're letting yourself get spotted on purpose! And even once you've been spotted too long and alarmed the guards, you still have a chance to hide or get away before being caught, so even failing a level feels completely fair and skill-dependent.The game is comparatively short, but with the randomization, three different styles of stealth play, and the addition of challenges and par times, replay value is pretty high - not to mention its visual style and sound design are an absolute joy. If you love the Sly Cooper series, Monaco: What's Yours is Mine, or characters like Carmen Sandiego and Cate Archer from No One Lives Forever 2, give The Marvellous Miss Take a try!Final Note: I found the mouse controls very intuitive once learned and great for my setup (I have a Microsoft Surface and the attachable keyboard can be finicky, so a game that doesn't rely on it is fantastic), but the game also supports WASD and controllers. So banish all worries about awkward controls - there's something that will suit you here!"
,Recommended,327310,24840496,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,"God, owner of the Universe","THIS GAME SCORES [0 1 | 2 *3*] = ~88% (75%-100%)Well done minimal-controls stealth game with a bit of emergent gameplay and adorable graphics/sounds. I don't know if I'd recommend it for the full price of €18, but it has been discounted often enough, and for €4.5 (Current 75% discount.) or even more you can't go wrong with this one. It's a nice package of fun that you can play in short sessions every now and then.The levels have two floors, and while you always start at the beginning of the last floor you failed at, the game only saves once a mission is completed, so don't quit before the level is completed and you're back at the mansion. (In that regard, it reminds of Hotline Miami which behaved just like this.)It's a firmthumbs-upwhen discounted."
76561198044841209,Recommended,327310,13175047,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,stoolio,"I wanted to write a quick review after I spent some time with the game, just in case anyone is wondering if they should pick it up on sale. I've spent about an hour with it, and it was very enjoyable.I first became aware of the game from a screenshot, which showcased the cute, colorful, and stylized graphics. I think they work well with the game and they look great. I'm playing on a 280x, so I can't comment on how well it runs on lower cards, but there are options to turn off shadows, reflections, antialiasing, etc, so it should probably run fine on just about anything.Cranked up to the max, the game looks beautiful. The style complements the game well. It even offers 1.5x-2x SSAA (Supersampled Antialiasing). I opted to just leave it at 1920x1200, but I found it interesting that they had such advanced features, especially since the game looks just fine with the standard AA settings.As for gameplay, it's pretty much what you would expect. I've only experienced the first two characters, but their playstyles are different enough to make running through the same levels entertaining. The most surprising part for me was the speed factor. Particularly with Sophia/Miss Take, not only is there a par time you can try to beat, but the randomized guards and powerups really emphasize a quickness. This is definitely not a slow burn stealth experience.Everything is controlled with mouse. Click to move, hold left click on the character to whistle, right click to throw items, and hold left click to run (if the character is able). I picked up the controls quickly and started to have lots of fun doing speedruns on some of the levels. Restarting is quick and painless, and the controls combined with the play make for a very arcadey type of fun. I could see this being a blast played with a friend, passing the controller on death or seeing who can get the fastest time.The pathfinding, as I've heard mentioned before, does leave a bit to be desired sometimes (Sophia got stuck on a few edges), but to me it wasn't an issue. With either character, I quickly got used to ""setting waypoints,"" basically, guiding them exactly where I wanted to go. This isn't the kind of game where you click halfway across the level and expect them to make it there unhindered. There are guards to avoid and paintings to collect.Overall, I'm very happy I picked this up, and I recommend you do it too.My only concern at this point is the difficulty (will it be too easy?) and the length. My (very quick) glance at the house hub makes it look like there are only 5-6 areas, and I've already made it to the second."
,Recommended,327310,13576162,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Sigh jokes,Frustratingly close to perfect.
,Recommended,327310,13521601,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,FridgeSeal,"Fun little stealth heist game.Stealth mechanics are clear-AI have their cones of vision/areas of detection shown so there's no more arbitrary ""as if they saw me"" moments.There's also a neat little feature in that guard paths are not predetermined-so there's a strong element of having to think on your feet and best utilising the (very neat) tools you have, rather than just trying to pick the right timing/path through predetermined guard paths.It's a super-entertaining, non-broken stealth-heist game that actually works (looking at you Thief), highly recommended."
76561198010134705,Recommended,327310,14603111,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Selva,"I am very impressed with this.  Simple yet challenging and lots of fun.  I can quibble about ther4 being only one save slot, my spouse and roomie want to play.  And I can say this is absolutely screaming for a level builder and community levels.  I love this. 8)"
76561197993816097,Recommended,327310,13446145,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,YA BOY,A really polished and well designed stealth game.Would love for them to add voice acting later on.
76561198115612896,Recommended,327310,13488488,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,hoover185,"I downloaded it a couple of hours ago (50% off!) and have just put the controller down. I could spend the entire weekend playing this simple yet addictive game, but I'm getting ""the look""  from my girlfriend over there on the couch...gotta go."
,Recommended,327310,13172417,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,tomsolo,"Nice, casual stealth game. Cute and  beautiful."
,Recommended,327310,13513472,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,roscone,"The Marvellous Miss Take is one of the more interesting stealth/puzzle games I've seen recently. What's a danger to you and what you can get away with is always very clearly conveyed, and the gameplay is extremely fluid. I'm glad to have discovered this game, and I look forward to playing more of it."
76561198139276227,Recommended,327310,15473381,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,blaqrainfresh,"I bought the game over two months ago, February 26 to be exact, and I haven't been able to play it once."
,Recommended,327310,16488746,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Franck Lagora,"Stealth this, steal that, all in all, with a really good design, and a sweet gameplay. The cartoonish look bring fresh air, and the mouse interaction are pretty straightforward. Levels grant both creativity and constraints based skills (with secondary objectives). Will keep playing it ! :D"
,Recommended,327310,16446189,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Alcator,"Lovely stealth stealing game.Multiple characters, nice and understandable mechanics, stylized and clear graphics.3 hours in, and I must say this is really cool. Over time, the game adds new gameplay mechanics WITHOUT sacrificing the style or simplicity of controls. Initially, you only go against guards who patrol and can see you and hear you, but later, cameras and dogs are added, there are also safes (vaults) to open (which raise an alarm, so you must run away from the location), the optional ""masterpiece"" challenges are also cool.Very, very enjoyable game."
,Recommended,327310,16752298,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,CoryStarkiller,It will never be a mistake to play as Miss Take.
,Recommended,327310,15509464,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,caseyc (VEGAN),"Fun, basic, cartoon-stealth style game.8/10 for what it sets out to do and for a simplified indie game.It has some replay value, but will probably only keep you entertained for 5-10 hrs max so I think its a bit over-priced, but if you can catch a sale its well worth it."
,Not Recommended,327310,20109302,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,squiddingme,"The Marvelous Miss Take is essentially a stealth game stripped down to its core elements, with a top down camera, vision cones reminiscent of early Metal Gear Solid games, and the slight flavouring of a puzzle game on top. This is wrapped up in a slick presentation, which is sadly the game's greatest strength.Sophia moves at a fairly slow pace and will automatically crouch behind waist-high objects--it's better to think of any waist-high objects as walls, since they effectively block vision cones in a similar way, though also preventing Sophia from running. Running produces a noise radius that alerts guards to your location, so it must be done outside of a certain distance from a guard. Additionally, Sophia occasionally collects gadgets, and can earn additional uses for these gadgets by looting art. This is a fairly smart system that rewards skilful play.The problem, then, is the game's randomized AI. Randomized AI does not work very well for a game with light puzzle elements and time trials. Guards move in random directions, sometimes leaving the rooms they are stationed in. This randomized AI can put you in very unfavourable situations, sometimes (if you are extremely unlucky) as soon as the level starts. Often, they can put you in unwinnable positions even after collecting all the trophies, or waste a lot of your time. Completing heists can require several attempts to get lucky. Getting under par time also happens because you were lucky; the AI didn't put you in any strange situations, or you restarted each floor until you beat it with time to spare.Dogs suck up all the fun with their presence. Their scent radius is huge and they will follow your trail around the entire map if you let them, putting you in unwinnable situations that force a restart. Dogs are very often placed in rooms with security cameras, which further reduces your mobility options and makes dogs a nightmare to deal with.Miss Take isn't a very good stealth game. There are much better stealth games out there. Miss Take doesn't innovate, and it doesn't even iterate, either. It doesn't really have anything new to offer to the genre. Its presentation is its only redeeming quality. Get it on sale, if you're curious."
76561198071723451,Not Recommended,327310,18499581,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,La Giuggia,"I think that the most important thing in a game is how the gameplay works and entertains, but here I need to start talking about the game topic and how it is presented to the gamer.You are a woman - even if there are other secondary characters to play with during the game - you should inherit your aunt's art gallery works, but other art galleries take them from you and expose them, so you decide to steal them all to refill your gallery with what should be yours. I mean, you want to create an art gallery with stolen works, you can see how silly this idea is, but, well, the game want to set a nonsense spirit? I can be ok with it.I could, at least, but everything else keep being silly and unsophisticated. In the game, you have to select a rival art gallery and raid it to steal everything inside it, in freaking full day,during opening hours. Every single gallery has two floors, you enter the first floor, empty it, take the elevetor to the second floor, empty it, and take the exit door on the back of the second floor: the most unrealistic art gallery architecture I can imagine, even I could think of one better. They decided for this silly one and used it for every single level of the game.You steal things while visitors are loking at them, they are ok with it, but don't you dare to steal the masterpiece of the floor or they'll call the guards! All the rest isn't important, just take it, they don't care!So, immagine this woman getting in an art gallery, buying a ticket, putthing on a mask, and start stealing things inside the place while people are looking at them, then take the exit with a cargo of stolen works of art in her arms. I mean, how immersive can this be?Feminists seem to like this game because, you know, strong female protagonist! Yay! What I want to ask is: if everything this thief woman does in the game is silly and unrealistic, maybe this is how the developers see a female thief, silly and unrealistic. I don't know how much feminist this can be.By the way, I think something about the gameplay has to be said:it's insanely boring.For starters, it's a gameplay suited for a touchscreen device, and, I mean, this is not a plus. Everything is repetitive, you do the same two things over and over in the same environments, the only thing which spice it up is the guards placement. I really don't believe that a difficulty only created by a different placement of enemies can make a game fun.Conclusions:Do you ever dream about going in an Art Gallery during opening hours stealing everything that's inside it? Too silly? Well you can do it in this game! Yay!You could even have fun if you like semplicistic, repetitive gameplay!So come and fight for women proud dressing the part of a silly, unrealistic female thief!"
76561198039506974,Not Recommended,327310,33511680,Posted: 13 July,all,ChanSama,"Stealth game for one-handed. If you have two hands, there are many many many better stealth games. The mouse-only control is super frustrating for experienced stealth gamers. You have no idea when she is gonna crouch, run or break glasses - they are all done by left-clicking!!!"
76561197968395460,Recommended,327310,13742863,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,JohnnyTheWolf,"PROS:- Non-violent classic Metal Gear gameplay- Three different and diverse playable characters- Colourful visuals, sound and music reminiscent of the Sly Cooper franchise- The closest Carmen Sandiego may ever get to be a playable protagonistCONS:- Random patrol patterns can make for some truly tedious situations- No voice-acting during cutscenes- Underdeveloped story- Underused gadgets"
76561198007513026,Not Recommended,327310,22135672,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,malcolmmackay224,"It would be a real miss take to buy this game. Levels are repetitive, controls are terrible. Graphics are at best average."
76561198031141181,Not Recommended,327310,18483987,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,stekkos,"Far more simplistic game play than advertised. No real stealth just try not to be seen by dumb guards. Even if you do, no big deal, sometimes you have to be spotted on purpose and the guard will lumber towards one path while you joyfully stroll the other way. Now maybe its just me but thats not what a stealth game should include in its tricks.As you can see havent played for long but this is due to the fact it does not take long to get the above point. If you like stealth games AVOID this one. If you just like sneek around and see if you can make it to the end without getting caught maaaaybe you will like it."
76561198037911139,Not Recommended,327310,34534055,Posted: 27 August,all,Captain Ron,"It's cute and all, but it depends way too much on luck, and not on your skill. Some levels I had to retry like, I'm not joking, a hundred times to beat the record time (I was always over it by a few seconds), and when I finally got lucky, I beat the record by like a whole bloody minute. That's not very fun. Not at all."
,Recommended,327310,16672780,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Voodooman,"Classic MGS , Thief and Mark of Ninja have a baby! Her name is Miss Take!As fan of of stealth games for last 25 years, as fan of MGS and as owner of biggest russian MGS community i approve this game as better stealth and better MGS than official MGSV is. i dju rike it!This little indie game brings more stealth fun that epic and not so stealth disaster number V by Hideo Kojima himself.I really love it, it almost perfectly designed, i just wish this game to have hardcore options to disable vision cones, noise radius, scent clouds, and icons above heads, and options to reduce reaction delay and make wider and longer vision cons and noise radiuses for more chellenging, realistic and old school stealth expirience.Level editor and steam workshop integration would make this game endless fun, i hope devs will do that soon enough :-)"
,Not Recommended,327310,24974677,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Webby,Just didn't like this ♥♥♥♥♥♥. Deal with it.
,Recommended,327310,21306886,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,ersen-t,very nice and addicting stealth game.Graphics: 8/10Sound: 5/10Fun: 8/10Difficulty: 7/10
,Recommended,327310,27752971,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Pabli!,Beautiful Art Style. Really fun and challenging game.One of Mike Bithell's personal favorites I assure. ;)
