user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197970574411,Recommended,327410,13313814,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Mistake n' Potatoes,"Okay, so I'm gonna start out by saying I don't typically write actual reviews for these recommendations - check my history - but I felt like I needed to say a thing or two about this, even if only a couple people read it.As someone in a creative field, myself, I can see what's happening in the reviews for this and it's starting to make me sick.  The last thing a creative person needs is for the world to say ""I liked that last thing you did better"", and that's all that the big review sites are doing right now.  For someone to really push themselves and find new aspects of their art and their creation process, they have to stretch their legs and try new things - in my case I try drawing different art styles, I try different media, just to see what I can learn about it and whether I like the way I do it.This is a pretty bold step in game creation for these guys, Mr. Gao in particular, and it might not seem like such a big deal but to try and tell a story through just actions and visuals (and fantastic music) is a lot more challenging than you might think.  I think they did a great job, considering the length, and considering how little we got to know the characters within the frame of the story.I understand if you have your preferences between games from Freebird, and that's fine, I have preferences with my own work as well, but at the end of the day you can't vilify people for trying new things.  Personally, after playing this, I can see how much their talents have grown and I'm really excited to see what they do with what they've learned in future games.  You have me on board for life, guys, please keep going, keep expanding and exploring new places!"
,Recommended,327410,13154449,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,diabetic cyborg,"To The Moon had a great story. I didn't expect as much from a short preview for the next game. Heck, this game doesn't even have dialogue, and there's hardly even any gameplay. But it seriously brought me to tears. If you have a soul, play this game. If you don't have a soul, play it anyway."
,Recommended,327410,32709534,Posted: 23 June,all,Spookyhort,"A short but sweet and adorable game where it tells a story without any dialogues what so ever. The music is absolutely fantastic and the music alone makes it worth it but this game is a great way to escape for a little while. There isnt much any gameplay but somewhat of an interactive movie. Still it's very much worth it especially on sale.I can see why some others wouldn't like it since it's a completely visual story with no dialogue so if you are looking for a game with actual gameplay I'd look elsewhere, but if you go into this expecting a nice story and good music and not anything more then it's great."
,Recommended,327410,13069494,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,שלום,This is the best money grabber that I've paid for.I still cry silently every night on bed when I remember this story.10/10 would cry again.
,Recommended,327410,20435897,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Jadarma,"OverviewA Bird Storyis a short interactive visual storyteller brought to you by the same creators that developed the well knownTo The Moon(Which I reviewedhere). This is a much shorter title, that tells a less emotional story about a elementary student, his paper airplanes and a pet pigeon.The Pros:Beautifully Pixelated- The pixel art is amazing and everything looks incredible (from an artistic point of view, obviously). The world is interestingly build, and the level design is amazing. It also features a bit of ""Antichamber""-like environment changes, where the map's layout changes to better suit the storytelling.Great Ambient- The background music is superb. A beautiful series of piano compositions that wonderfully suit the mood of the story. If you like listening to music while studying or doing light work, consider getting the OST for this song as well.Touching Story- The story is very emotional, sad, happy, worrying, it will take you through an emotional roller-coaster (though NOT comparable withTo the Moon. So if you came here for an even sadder story, then don't be too exited). However, I will give it bonus points for making the entire story dialogue free, and still sending such a powerful message. It is shown as if remembered years later (background characters are shadowed, and only relevant places are explorable) and has just the right pace to let you sink in what you see. I won't say anything further, because I want you to enjoy the unknown as much as I did.The Cons:Short- This is just an hour long game, and even though I list this as a con, it's more like of an observation. This was never meant to be a game. This is, as the description perfectly puts it,""a light interactive animation"". You come here for a story. And if a story is amazing, it doesn't matter how long it takes to listen to it.META / Worth MentioningAchievement- In order to 100% this game all you need to do is play it to the end. Great story and a perfect game to add to your collection to boot!ConclusionI recommend this game to anyone who likes light stories, has an hour of free time and is ready to watch and interact with a beautiful story. As far as I am concerned, given the game's scope, I can't find anything wrong with this game.If you enjoyed this review and want to see more of my work,consider joining my groupandfollow my curatorpage! Link to the right!Jad's List - Curator Group"
76561198031779243,Recommended,327410,12889154,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Babykohr,"A beautiful, kind, sweet short story about a boy and a bird."
,Recommended,327410,13706458,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Dr. Hotdog Bitchface,"NOTE: This is a shortened review without screenshots. For my full review, please visitRealGamerReviewsBackground2011’sTo The Moonwas regarded by many as having one of the best narratives in video game history. It was a gripping, heartfelt and original story that captured the attention and hearts of myself and many other gamers. Despite the sub-par gameplay,To The Moonremains one of my favourite games of all time. Needless to say, I was expecting a lot fromA Bird Story, the spiritual successor to one of the most emotion-driven games of this era. Did it deliver? I'd saypartially.GameplayLike its predecessor, A Bird Story is very much an emotion-driven game. So much so, that it carefully flirts with the definition of what a “game” is. The developer Kan “Reives” Gao himself referred to this title as a “light interact animation”, and he’s certainly not being modest here. To put it lightly, the gameplay forA Bird Story is garbage. On first glance, it may look like the long-lost cousin of a SNES-era Squaresoft RPG, but instead plays far more similarly to a point-and-click title. You’ll find no battles here. You’ll also struggle to find any puzzles to solve. The game is a very on-rails endeavour that takes you by the hand and leads you through the experience. It’s impossible to get lost or stuck, and there’s no way to fail during any segment in the game. It's a very bare-bones shell of a game, but It allows you to soak in everything that’s going on, sparing you from unnecessary or tedious gameplay elements.This begs the question though – Why have any gameplay to begin with? There are other games such asGone Homewhich are similarly narrative or emotion-driven titles that also, for the most part, lack meaningful gameplay elements, but allowing a player to control the central character in Gone Home added plenty to the atmosphere of the game, something that was paramount to the experience. In contrast to this, the gameplay elements inA Bird Storyadd absolutely nothing to the experience and serve as a somewhat tedious guise for a game that really shouldn’t have had any gameplay elements to begin with. I spent the majority of the game sitting back on my chair, drink in hand, happily enjoying myself and watching the story elements unfold. Every time that the game gave me control of the character again, Igroaned.You might say thatTo The Moonhad similarly awful gameplay, which was arguably more tedious and unnecessary (in particular, the meaningless puzzle segment in between the “stages”). However, what that title lacked in gameplay was more than made up for by its incredible storyline and the emotional journey the player underwent throughout the experience. So how does the story inA Bird Storycompare?StoryA Bird Storyplaces you in the shoes of a young, lonely school boy, who befriends a wild bird that he rescues. Sadly, the narrative isn’t nearly as fleshed out or original as its predecessor – A lonely child befriending an animal is hardly anything to write home about. It’s been done before, and undoubtedly will be done again. In its defence however, the game lacks any dialogue at all. There’s no voice acting or text that appears anywhere on the screen to help illustrate what’s happening. Whilst this is adequate for the relatively simple story it’s trying to tell, constructing an overly-complicated and imaginative storyline in this manner would be understandably difficult.What this game does do just as well as its predecessor relates to its ability to convey the emotions and thoughts of the young boy, as well as his connection to his wild avian friend – a feat made all the more impressive by the lack of dialogue. Youknowthe character is lonely because throughout the game, no other human being in the game has anything more than a blacked-out face. It’s the developer’s way of telling you that the silent protagonist is socially isolated, and whilst other people exist in the world that he lives in, he and these other members of society have a mutual disinterest in each other. One segment of the game has you walking around a park full of other people, with a speech bubble occurring when you run your mouse over them. When you walk towards the people however, they disappear. It’s a powerful image that I’ve butchered with my limited vocabulary and inability to write English with any real flair, but hopefully you’ll experience it and understand it for yourself.PresentationVisually, the game maintains the 16-bit SNES-era aesthetic found in its predecessor. Whilst there’s nothing particularly breath-taking about a graphics engine that we left 20 years ago, it’s an aesthetic that’s held up well and is pleasant to the eyes. On the other hand, the piano-heavy soundtrack for the game is phenomenal and adds a lot to the mood set by the game. It’s appropriately relaxing and serene when it should be, but becomes more high-tempo when the action picks up, and eerily silent when something ominous is afoot. My only complaint is that the music is often disproportionately loud compared to the sound effects of the game, with no option to balance the sound output.Overall impressionWhilst overall not quite as impressive as its predecessor, A Bird Story does tell a decent, emotion-driven story about a young boy and his new pet that’s easy understand and relate to. With that said, the gameplay itself is both uninspired and, in my opinion, completely unnecessary. As much as I enjoyed myself “playing” this game, I’m more inclined to tell you to watch a Youtube video of the game being played rather than paying money to play through yourself. Regardless of whether you buy it or watch it, it’s definitely worth at least a run through. More importantly, I’m excited to see what Kan Gao has in store for us with future releases."
,Recommended,327410,15117267,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,TITOMOSQUITO187,"A very cute and touching story about friendship and the loneliness of a child. 'A Bird Story' completely satisfied me from a storytelling standpoint and gave me plenty of feeling even with its short length.The story focuses on following a young boy who is an only child. While we aren't introduced to his parents, or even learn much, if anything about them, we do get enough information to show that this young boy is left to fend for himself as a latchkey kid. (a child with working parents who aren't home to send a child off to school, or home when they return) We see how he wakes in the morning to find himself home alone, with a need to feed himself, and his only interaction from his family being a possible note by the apartment door as he leaves for school reminding him to take an umbrella on rainy days. Anyone growing up as an only child,  or as a latchkey kid, should be able to relate to him quite easily and find sympathy for him. We see what it is like for a young child trying not only to entertain themselves while being left alone, but how much they search for any sort of friendship, companionship, and love.While there is no voice acting, or even text dialogue between characters in the story, the storytelling combined with the superb music and animations make it easy to feel the emotions that the boy faces going through his daily life. You can easily understand what characters are communicating without words. All of this makes his special adventure that sets up 'A Bird Story' all that more powerful knowing how much it means to him to find a friend, even if it is only a bird.The criticism most levied against 'A Bird Story' is that it is too short. While arguments can be made for its length vs. price, I don't feel like the story would have been better served by extending the length. A retail price of just $4.99 is low enough that I cannot in good conscience say that the game is overpriced for how much I enjoyed the story. The game can be completed in about 90 minutes, but I still felt that I wasn't ripped off when I completed the game. Cheaper than a movie for the same length.'A Bird Story' was more relatable to me as an only child until I was well into my teens than To the Moon was (The masterpiece we all played from the developer already). I thought the story structure was better here, but can't really say it is a better story even if I personally enjoyed it more. Spending a lot of time alone as a kid trying to entertain oneself you learn to use your imagination quite well. The game has many elements of this inside the story in which you will be doing things that aren't natural to real world mechanics. Flying on a paper airplane you make for instance. This gives the game a mix of reality and fantasy while telling the story, and will make you wonder if this world just has different rules, or it might just be imagination come to life.While To the Moon was an RPG with some gameplay elements that would pop up in which you had to solve puzzles and do things, 'A Bird Story' has no in depth gameplay mechanics. Puzzles are simple and only used for story pushing ahead. Perfect casual experience without need for excessive problem solving thinking.I highly recommend 'A Bird Story' for anyone in the mood for a short, but touching story. The way the story is told almost completely visually without the help of text dialogue, or voice acting is excellent.  The story may be short, but the emotions are high, and well worth the time played. I enjoyed it immensely, and it is a perfect little game to play instead of watching a movie some evening. Music is also fantastic.RATING 9/10 Forever Alones'A Bird Story' includes a 5 trading card badge (3 drops) and 1 Achievement for story completion. Easy 100% in under 2 hours."
,Recommended,327410,12871885,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Cleverest,"Truly a work of art, not surpising from the TO THE MOON creator himself...many of the (granted minimal as they are) negative reviews apparently missed the ""A simple & surreal 1-hour short about a boy and an injured bird -- a light interactive animation without dialogues."" AND ""*Note: This is not To the Moon 2, and is meant to be a much lighter, whimsical short. "" before buying and complaining about there not being much gameplay or not like a sequel to his previous epic title...well, DOH...but they are correct; the game play is merely a distraction if anything....you almost don't WANT to play it at all...just let it go and EXPERIENCE the fantastic music and heartfelt story....I'd be fine with that too, because more than anyone I've ever seen create a ""game""Kan Gao has the ability to invoke real emotion, and despite all obstacles to do so with such a heartwarming (but overdone) theme as friendship found, and then lost....and without even a single word.  You Sir, are an artist of the highest calibur and I am positively obsessed with enjoying your next game (to the moon sequel) - THANK YOU!"
,Recommended,327410,33146016,Posted: 2 July,all,DragYn,"Proof that you don't need dialogue to tell a compelling and emotional story.Yes, there's very little ""gameplay"".Yes, it's essentially RPGMaker graphics.Yes, it's heart warming.It took me a little over an hour to complete the experience and the story.  My advice? If you're going to play it, do it in one sitting.  It's more akin to watching a short movie than playing a game."
,Recommended,327410,15324201,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,LockeProposal,"Perfect for those that lament having left childhood behind+ Incredible, tasteful, piano-heavy soundtrack+ Manages a strong narrative without the use of any dialogue+ Set designs are very creative in the way that they bleed into one another+ Wonderful 16-bit animations that were artfully used, particularly when moving terrain features+ Creative license taken throughout the story is clever in expressing nuances of the story+ Though the play-time is short, the experience seems to warrant a run-through, and is therefore recommended- No configuration options of any kind- Little to no replayability- The few actual gameplay elements present felt underused and somewhat unnecessaryLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
76561198025531274,Not Recommended,327410,13541319,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Paper Crocodile,"I am a huge fan of To The Moon, and therefore I was very excited for this game. I bought it on release, but interestingly found myself not playing it for a couple of months after. I cannot say why this is, other than I knew I wanted to wait for a completely free day so I could sit down, relax and immerse myself in what I expected would be a game as beautiful and fun as To The Moon.How wrong I was. A Bird Story is, simply put, tedious. I found myself looking around the room or to my tablet every few minutes about fifteen minutes into the game. There is simply not enough going on. It plays as though it should be a short film; any interaction the game lets you have is short, repetitive and wrested away from you at a moment's notice. It hardly even feels like interaction at all, because the game is so linear and I feel actually punishes exploration. The protagonist will have a little picture of what he needs to do before letting you continue the story, meaning that he refuses to leave an area before you 'accomplish' his goal, which usually equates to going to an item and pressing enter. This means that the world created feels incredibly small and confined; it consists of the protagonist's house, one classroom, a vet's, a forest path and some skyline.I could have let the tedious gameplay go, if only the story was interesting. However, sadly it was not. It was predictable, cliché and vague, to the point where when what I suppose is the story's climax happened, I found myself not caring. To The Moon was an extremely emotional, complex story that had many layers of hurt and tragedy hidden beneath artificial happiness. A Bird Story felt pretentious, trying so desperately to be packed full of meaning and substance that it simply became meaningless and empty.It is unfair, of course, to compare the two games, but I left To The Moon feeling as though I had just played a masterpiece, one that I went to bed with the night after playing it without playing a different game or reading a book as I needed to sort out its meaning and beauty in my head. I left A Bird Story feeling as though I was ready to play a different game straight afterwards."
,Recommended,327410,12850856,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Timmy the Duck Thief,"There aren't many developers which make you feel a strong connection with characters and the story in their games. Kan Gao is one of the few which can do it really well, as you could already see inTo the Moon.Kan's next game, A Bird Story, is similar. You will smile most of the time when playing, sometimes laugh, sometimes feel sad.The game isn't depressing as To the Moon was, so if you couldn't get through TtM, try A Bird Story instead.It's amazing what a wordless story can do with your emotions. I want more games like this."
,Recommended,327410,12833112,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,MrNinjaSquirrel,"A Bird Story, more than anything, feels like a story someone wanted to tell as opposed the one people are expecting.It's a simple, entirely narrative driven experience about a young lonely boy finding a friend in an injured bird, which in many ways hits every note you would expect and never tries to do much outside of its familiar framework. But to look at it simply from that perspective would be missing what makes it so special.There's a meticulous, firm vision guiding every scene of the game, instilling within a great amount of heart and humanity which is evident in even the smallest of details. There are no ""big"" reveals in A Bird Story; no end twist, character revelation, or plot point that suddenly opens the narrative up into anything more than its trying to be. And that's OK, because like To The Moon before it it's the tiny, ordinary moments which stand out as the most poignant. Sharing an ice cream cone or building a paper airplane become something memorable and emotional, causing me to smile and appreciate them for their simple existence.Telling a story without and dialogue, regardless of complexity is no easy task, but A Bird Story is so perfectly designed around this (arguable) limitation that it never feels as if something is being left out for the sake of some forced design decision or challenge. It causes small character actions to have that much more weight behind them, every visual and audio cue serving a purpose and every tiny sprite showing an immense amount of emotion and character that brings the world to life, and makes the lack of dialogue a strength as opposed a hindrance.The experience crosses between fantasy and reality on a regular basis, but within the context of the game it never feels out of place or something that somehow couldn't happen. There's something magical about A Bird Story that allows these moments to exist without having to be grounded in logic or reason, and it makes for an experience that's easy to lose yourself in as you stop caring about the ""why"" as everything simply fits.It's probably fair to say that A Bird Story won't have the same effect on people or leave as long lasting an impression as To The Moon, but it was never supposed to. It's an uncomplicated story told in a way that makes it enchanting, occasionally stumbling with its pacing but ultimately delivering a story that, more than anything, left me smiling and wanting to share it with the people around me."
,Recommended,327410,33482839,Posted: 12 July,all,♣ Coraline Castell ♣,"“In order to see birds it is necessary to become a part of the silence.”― Robert LyndI one word,A Bird Storyexcels at being ""heartwarming"".ForewordThis is more of a personal tale interconnected with the gameA Bird Storyrather than a formal review of the game in itself.For the short review, skip to the last two headings.May the 18th, 2014Snow doesn't fall where I live. If ever Brazil was known for falling snow, it was in the southernmost region of the land and nowhere else. May the 18th arrived, late and dressed in white, to be the exception. An inexplicable climate anomaly happened to one, and only one, neighborhood in the vast city of São Paulo: mine.I was running down the street from school, panting and freezing. It was far too cold for my usual garbs, cars were filling the streets in chaotic traffic and the various trees that surrounded me had shed their leaves in silent prayer after so long without rain — and no doubt after the strength of the falling hail hit them like rocks.Out the corner of my eye I saw it: a bird buried deep in chunks of melting ice. It struggled to free itself, its little chest heaving in a show of effort. Without thinking twice, I halted on my tracks, knelt down in the ice and leaves, and took the poor trembling thing in my hands.It felt like holding a tiny feathered heart, one that could stop beating at any second, lest I look away for a single heartbeat.At that point I was less than 5 minutes away from my home, but that swift time saw itself doubled once I was forced to walk in a more tactful manner in order to not jolts the poor thing around.Arriving at home felt like arriving at the emergency room of a hospital with a terminal patient dying in my arms. I ushered my mother to get a shoe box, stripped my father of his newspapers, turned the house upside-down for one of those old yellow light bulbs that grow hotter with time, found bundles of cotton and put it all together in a makeshift bed I'm all too proud of despite its hastiness in coming to life.The bird looked like it was going to die. Its wet feathers were stuck to its tiny body like a furry dog after a long bath, making it look sickly and fragile. It was trembling and didn't even flinch away from human touch so shocked it must have been. My mother then said — and this I'll never forget:""You know he's probably going to die, right?""We found some recipes for home-made bird food, and fed it and watered it with a dropper. Eventually it eased its trembling under the warm light and the thermal isolation provided by the newspapers. We made holes in the shoebox and decided to leave it there overnight, with the lid closed lest the bird fly off and hit a window. I slept unsettled.Morning arrived and mother ushered me downstairs, messy hair and all, to do the honors. We brought the shoebox to the backyard and I remember holding my breath as I slowly lifted the lid.Witnessing it soar away was one of the happiest and warmest I've ever felt. The feeling persists.The gameA Bird Story, in its tenderness, managed to resurrect in me all these fond memories. Freebird Games have a charm in executing stories that by far exceed words and, in roughly one and a half hours,A Bird Storybrought me to relive from good friendships I've had and lost, to the one bird I saved during that unexpected hail storm.I see no reason not to recommend this heartwarming game. Although some would argue its briefness is a weak point, I see it a strong one: Freebird Games knows for how long narrate a sweet tale without giving anyone cavities.ConclusionA Bird Storyis a short endearing story whose only major fault, according its waiting crowd, is not being as good asTo The Moon. Granted, it isn't, but that only goes so far as the script, in my humble opinion. The execution still sustains that signature whimsiness and tactfulness that few of us can only ever dream of achieving in any realm of our lives."
,Recommended,327410,13156862,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Colin Halby,"Kan Gao isn't in the business of making games; he's in the business of telling stories, and he does it very, very well. A Bird Story, like its predecessor, weaves a tale that reaches through your life and touches on those moments of innocence and wonder, bringing them to life in a way that makes you yearn for the past and hope for the future. Its simplistic graphics don't detract from the game--they enhance that childlike wonder and let's you focus on the story trying to be told here. If you're waiting for a price drop before you pick up this beautiful game, then do so, but don't let this game fly past you."
,Not Recommended,327410,28414992,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Dravvad,"Like many people, I played To the Moon before I played this game. I tried to come in without much expectations, and I even knew that it was mostly just a sit-back-and-watch ""game."" I mean, the title even calls it a story.However, that ended up not quite true. A Bird Story does have you play, controlling the kid every so often, performing actions that are mostly super slow and tedious. The game basically just pops up with images of items and you have to walk somewhere in a room (or in an adjacent one), grab the item, and return to the original location. That was one piece that really bothered me and added arbitrary time to the story for not much reason at all, making the true length of A Bird Story even shorter.Essentially, the story is rather predictable and cliche overall, despite the art direction being unique. The child, whose name we never learn because the game has no text or dialogue at all, is a rather lonely kid. He seems to have no friends, though his parent(s) do show love to him from what little we can see. And as the name implies, the game does literally involve a bird, which he befriends.The game takes just around an hour, maybe a little more, to go through a handful of days of his life with the bird, as far as I can tell. The display is rather surreal, which is definitely a pro. For instance, as you walk around in short bits of the game, the environment will drastically change from the kid's memory, where you'll walk out a door into the forest, and then another door suddenly appears to take you into school. Trees will even move around while you're walking in a few places, forcing you down a certain path.While I liked that art, as the kid's imagination and memory are all merging together for some uniqueness, those qualities of the game do not save it as a whole. As said above, almost no interaction from us was really worth it, considering the developers threw in many tedious or repetitive tasks, whereas To the Moon did not feel that way.Really, the game is just trying to get people invested into the kid and his childhood. It is a teaser for the bigger sequel to To the Moon, called Finding Paradise as of right now. That is another reason that bothers me and somewhat explains why I didn't feel like the game brought anywhere near as much of an experience.Despite the game getting some emotion from me, I think the best description of my experience is to say ""I was simultaneously happy, sad, and bored."""
,Recommended,327410,13528126,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,PHASE SIEBEN,"What a wonderful game (more accurately ""story"")!This story is staged with a gorgeous soundtrack and beautiful pixelart, which is also known from ""To the Moon"".I ❤ this story, although it is not quite as touching as in ""To the Moon"".The price isn't a little excessive for 1 hour playtime (as some people are saying). It is Still cheaper than going to the cinema or buying a movie (DVD/BD). There is only 1 achievement --> easy Perfect Game. I would buy it again.8/10"
76561198008480668,Recommended,327410,21581768,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,VooDoo,"A Bird Story is told in a surreal blend of dream and life sequences. There's no text; the graphics tell the story, while music and color evoke the mood of each scenario. One dream sequence, for example, manages to convey a threat to the boy and the bird solely through imagery. It's a powerful example of both the child's imagination and his perception of threats. It speaks to the emotional strength of the tale.There's more story than game in A Bird Story, but it effortlessly conveys volumes in short cinematic sequences. The experience is tightly controlled, and the player interacts at key points such as rescuing the bird, giving it food, and playing with it. The sweeping sequence where they go on a paper airplane flight to help the bird find its family is magical and literally a flight of fancy. The experience may be incredibly short, but it's powerful, and players will marvel at the sense of imagination and storytelling without a single word being said."
,Recommended,327410,27104224,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Loki,"Genre: StoryIt tells you a story, a heartbreaking story. Just take one hour and play it. You won't regret it.Positive:+ EverythingNegative:- NothingFun gameplay: 1 hourAchievements:Type: PlayingDifficulty: EasyTime needed: Little"
,Recommended,327410,12832865,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Kepplemarsh,"Not what you might expect as a follow-up of To the Moon, but a powerful and worthwhile experience in itself.There is no dialogue in A Bird Story, and for me it lasted 72 minutes without feeling a bit too long. There are hilarious sequences, nice, quaint moments, and one part in particular I found to be strikingly emotive.If you're expecting to cry like you did at To the Moon... don't. It's not that kind of game. It's a surreal experience, and the blend between dream and reality is done fantastically well. As usual, Kan Gao's use of symbolism is very effective. I like to read too far into stories, so that appealed to me.I bought this at at a slight discount, but I wouldn't hesitate to pay the regular steam price. Definitely, definitely worth a buy."
76561198046724806,Recommended,327410,12996113,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,OperatorHunterM,"This is a short interactive story created by the developers of To the Moon. It's a simple tale with very limited gameplay, but something with a lot of heart and sure to put a smile on your face. It’s an hour long game with animpressivesoundtrack that I highly recommend buying as well.Now, I recommend the game because I really enjoyed it, and know about this developer's method of storytelling. Short, simple and sweet.However, if you've never played To the Moon before I suggest you research and play that first, for a much longer experience and deeper story. (Loved it, one of my favorite indie games, and most people should enjoy it as well) BUT if you have played To the Moon and didn't enjoy it, (what!?) I don't recommend you buy the game, because it covers similar territory.Either way, personally I thought the game was totally worth the time and money spent, and can't wait for the next installment!"
,Recommended,327410,12858812,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Ruka (〃ω〃),"SinceTo The Moon, Kan Gao did it again. That one game developer who can make people feel greatly attached to every each one of characters.Do not expect something like To The Moon that has dialogues which players can absorb conversations between the characters. A Bird Story is a 1-hour interactive animation game, story-driven experience, played along with beautiful background music, very much less gameplay aside from walking and interacting with interactable objects and lighter story than To The Moon. It's a story about a young boy who saves an injured bird, then their friendship starts. Magically, fantasy-ish atmosphere and the affection between the boy and the bird, making you smile, lightly laugh a little, then smile a bit more.Play it yourself to understand what pure wordless story-driven game can actually do."
,Recommended,327410,12931134,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,dots,Right in the feels. Freebird Games why are You doing this to me?
,Recommended,327410,12872187,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Gamerblue,Although this game isn't as deep and tear jerking as Too The Moon. This hour long story is wonderous little story with real heart. It reminds me of Disney shorts like Paperman. Worth a play at the $5 price range and definately worth supporting Kan Gao to make more masterpieces!
,Recommended,327410,13704005,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,[slckr]robilar5500,"Well, this game has feels. I dont think it is fair to compare it to To The Moon, since it is its own entity, so looking at this game on its own, I think it's easy to recommend it. It isnt fast paced, and takes about half the game to develop, which may be a turn off for some people, as that first half was kind of boring. However, once everything really starts to come together, the set up was revealed as pretty necessary for developing the conneciton between the boy and the bird. The second half...well...I think it is pretty gripping. Not as an adult♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but as seen through the eyes of a child, or simply through the act of remembering your own childhood, this game scores in spades for waht it was trying to accomplish.the controls themselves are as basic as can be. Directional moving and clicking on the occasional item. You will run into things and get stuck occcasionally, which can be a minor annoyance, but really, the gamepolay is secondary, and just the avenue towards the telling of the tale.The music was pretty spot on for the game. Very nice piano work.There was a moment of humor and many moments of levity, and the game will carry you through many emotions...sadness, happiness, pride, etc...In the end, I think this game deserves your attention. It doesnt leave you in as introspective a state as TTM, but that isnt its goal really. I think if you see it through to the end, you will find it to have been a satisfying experience, and this development team has the potential for even more greatness in the future  (in fact, at the very end, they let you know what their next project is/will be). A perfect use for the RPG Maker programs as well.8/10btw...my total play time was around an hour and fifteen minutes. When I get done farming the rest of the cards, it will be more, but that was the actual length of the game."
,Recommended,327410,32743823,Posted: 24 June,all,soooitsalex,"I got this game on sale for $0.79 (which IS worth it to me). The developer does his fair share of explaining that this is a one-hour interactive short, so my critique of the game is not of its lack of action or length. However, I cannot recommend the game at its regular price of $3.99, as the story is just a bit TOO linear and there is very little variation or freedom in what you can do.As other reviews say, you press arrow keys and the space bar when prompted, and the story basically plays out by itself. Only buy this game if you're a fan of the developer's style (To the Moon), but don't expect to buy this game thinking it'll have any replay value. If you can get the game on sale and don't mind some (at times) tedious button holding, the story and concept is actually quite impressive."
,Recommended,327410,12915823,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Feldspar,"The only real way to talk about this game is to wax poetic about the story. Suffice it to say, if you have an hour to kill, enough spending cash to buy lunch, and at least a single empathetic cell in your body, you should give A Bird Story a shot.Spoilers below:Overall, I feel the story works. In To The Moon, Ken Gao stripped almost all 'gamey' elements in order to tell a relatively uninterrupted story. A Bird Story feels like the logical extension of that trend by stripping away all dialogue, opting to tell the story through pantomime and the distortion of reality. What I mean by this is the main character, an estranged little boy, is somewhat of an unreliable narrator. We perceive the game world through the filter of his imagination. Environments blend, objects shift, and minor characters are faceless almost as if we're experiencing his dream.This works... mostly. It's certainly a unique way to present the story but sometimes confuses what is actually happening in the real world. Perhaps that was the point. Another issue I have is the comedy bit. It just didn't work for me. To The Moon had some wonderful moments of levity because they were based around characters we got to know. Here, it felt like an overly long homage to the Benny Hills/Scooby Doo chase scene that came out of nowhere and broke the mood Ken spent 40 minutes building.Anything I say about the ending will become immediately irrelevant once the full sequel puts it into full context. Taken on its own, I thought it was alright. I got misty eyed but by no means did I go full tears like THAT SCENE from To The Moon.Just play it. It's $4.25 right now. That's like- a urine sample sized drink from Starbucks."
,Recommended,327410,13503552,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Luna Luck,"Beautiful, emotional short piece. No matter what kind of pet you have, letting go or saying good-bye is always the hardest part. :("
76561197972330021,Recommended,327410,12833395,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,LTK Centaur,"One would be hard-pressed to explain what it is about a Bird Story that makes it so worthwhile. The gameplay is near minimalist as games can be, the graphics are simplistic and unassuming, and the short, one-to-two-hour story is told entirely without dialogue. Yet, in spite of its (debatable) shortcomings, this is an experience that I wholeheartedly recommend, thanks to the genuine nature of the game's narrative, which successfully blends elements of comedy and drama so effortlessly that it will have you laughing one minute, and (possibly) tearing-up the next.Aiding the game's overall emotional impact is a musical score so achingly beautiful that it alone might move you to tears. Kan Gao (the creator of a Bird Story and founder of Freebird Games) illustrated his skill in creating moving musical scores with To the Moon (and before that, if you want to count his freeware titles) and the score he's crafted for a Bird Story, while differing in many ways from To the Moon's, plays just as important a role to the overall experience, arguably more so, considering that without dialogue, extra care had to be taken in order for the music to accurately reflect the emotion of each scene, based entirely on visual cues, and Gao pulls it off without a hitch.I cannot stress enough that this is a game that won't appeal to everyone, despite how much I loved it. Much of the narrative's strength comes from how relatable (to you or someone you know) its various elements are, and considering that this game is essentially nothing but story, if these elements don't click with the player, I can't say they wouldn't be justified in wondering why they paid $5 for this. That being said, if there's any part of you that can relate to being the awkward kid in class, or someone that loved playing in the rain while everyone else just stared at you like you were nuts, or ever brought a lost or weak animal home to try and care for it, then you should, at the very least, give this one a look.Add. For my money, the music alone is worth the price of admission, so if you're curious, pick up the soundtrack bundle for the game."
,Recommended,327410,12838721,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,MDuh,"Bird story is a prequel on the 2nd extension of to the moon, it introduces on what will be the 2nd patient on the sequel.It is only an 1 hour long so this is definitely recommended only for people who had played to the moon and treat it as a religion just like me. It's a bit hard to convince and sell it to your friends especially since the game is still stuck on the limitation of the engine; resolution and input responsiveness. But hey, A storytelling games usually don't need those anyways and the beautiful artwork inside the game redeems the low 640x480 default resolution.The story itself is quite simple but the game does it without using any words or dialogues. While the story may have been weaker vs to the moon, the presentation, execution, ambiance is way better. Changes in color grading are perfect for every certain emotion. As usual, just like in to the moon, there's a few jokes and icebreakers to refresh any tension in the story flow."
,Recommended,327410,12887078,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Feenris,"A Bird Story is by no means a great 'game' but moreso similar to its spiritual predecessor, To The Moon, it is an excellent piece of art and storytelling. It is not as tear jerking as TTM but it is still able to tell a simple yet heartwarming story in quite the best way. The art in A Bird Story is good as an RMXP game but the game is still running on a 640x480 resolution which really got under my skin. The music is up to par with TTM, boasting a handful of beautiful piano arrangements.If you are considering getting A Bird Story, do not look for value or dollars paid per hour of gameplay, instead expect experiencing a simple, heartfelt and honest story. It is not as thought provoking and sad as To The Moon (which I would actually recommend getting even more than this) but if you are looking for a similar, more simplistic and shorter experience, look no further. My only gripe with this game is it running in 640x480 and that it took FreeBird a really damned long time to push an hour long game. Here's to hoping that Finding Paradise would come out sooner. (and that it'd run on higher resolutions)"
,Not Recommended,327410,14686264,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Buttonbasher,"Weirdly flat, which is a bummer after To The Moon. The story is just a weird blend of tone, from overly sincere to meme-type jokes. It's also a lot less interactive than the already pretty limited To the Moon.So play To the Moon, and probably skip this one, while waiting for the true sequel."
,Not Recommended,327410,32870537,Posted: 27 June,all,berzha101,"While I highly enjoyed To The Moon, I cannot say the same about A Bird Story.A Bird Story is a very short linear game follows a child and his interactions and time with a bird. Very like To The Moon, A Bird Story is a story driven RPGMaker game with no combat, but just movement. However, unlike To The Moon, there is no dialogue at all, and everything is based off of what happens. The story is nice and sweet, however it is extremely slow and can get to a point of boring. While I understand what the story is trying to get at making you feel and understand, the progression is simply way too slow. For a short game to begin with, the slowness really eats away at the content.Although the story progression is subpar, the music is excellent once again. A Bird Story features some extremely soothing and fitting soundtracks even thought it is super short. The visual and background design for the game is also great for an RPGMaker game.Overall, the story progression for this extremely short game is lackluster even if it has good audio and visuals, so I cannot recommend this game. If you want a better game, try To The Moon.Rating: 5.9/10Recommend Price: $0.59 or below"
,Recommended,327410,12865575,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Tomato,"I doubt that this story would move me this much if it was told in any other form but this.Kan Gao, apparently, has not only the rare talent of telling stories that are appealing to everyone's heart, but also an even more rare talent of telling that kind of stories without uttering/writing a single word. He is one of the people who know that you can tell so much more with music than all the words of the world can convey, even with a simple touching story like this one.Thank you for making me experience all these emotions.Can't stress enough how I am hyped to see what Finding Paradise will turn out to be."
,Recommended,327410,26378245,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Domazon,"This game is cheap as chips, and I didn't really expect much. A story about a boy and a bird, with no talking and no dialogue... well, ""ok"", I thought...I was so so wrong.The music is just hauntingly beautiful; like ""Final Fantasy XIV"" beautiful. One of my favourite pieces of in-game music is ""Sultana Dreaming"" from FFXIV. The music in ""A Bird Story"" is almost at that level; music that really hits you. The music, for sure, is far better than indie level.The game itself is limited to what appears to be a non-widescreen ratio at a relatively low resolution. You do get used to this, so please persevere. You get to the point where you are more interested in the characters and what they are up to.At the moment, this game is £2.23 in the UK. The game only lasts an hour or so, but I still felt that the game was worth this price. I got a lot more out of the game, than the game got out of me. Games have made me laugh... scream with anger and frustration. This game just made me smile... a lot. Thank you. :)"
,Recommended,327410,25196095,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Ceaseless Duality,"I like it. It's cute and sweet. It made me smile a few times.I also like the storytelling through visuals and no dialogue technique. It has to be done right or not at all, and I believe this ""short"" got it right.However, I wish it were longer. I can say that about a lot of games though.I recommend it to those who have played To the Moon, as they're created by the same person. I feel like someone who hasn't played To the Moon first might not appreciate this story as much."
,Recommended,327410,22062641,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Glypha,"A Bird Story is a beautiful game, telling a surprisingly deep story without saying a word.First, if you were somehow confused, there is absolutely no game mechanic here aside from movement and activation. This is a story, and is judged here based on the quality of that story and its presentation.I am a big fan of this creator's art style, reminsicent of the 16-bit RPGs of my youth. Instead of using them for fantasy settings, collection elemental orbs to defeat some sort of wizard trying to destroy the world, a story is told in more relatable and modern human terms, with subtle artistic choices having great effect. Accompanying the whimsical visuals is fantastic music that captures and inspires the direction of the story.A selling point and the fascinating point of this story, is not a single word is used in telling the story. This game is a silent display, relying on its art and music to tell the tale. We are familiar with mute characters, who can display incredible emotion, and the restriction across the entire story really does a great service to the concept that communication is perhaps negligibly a result of language.At 5$ this game is a short, but impactful experience. If you need a shot of feels, and  have a few hours, then this game delivers. This game, along with To The Moon are a testament to what an RPGmaker style game can allow, telling a story without sophisticated assets or any game mechanics, but allowing a different medium for storytelling.This review flies to you on the wings of an eagle fromOriginal Curator Group, with whom this review is affiliated."
76561198140299850,Recommended,327410,16400042,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,foofaraw,"I hope to write a longer, more detailed review later, but perhaps not."" ""It was hell..."", says former child."" - KlibanExperienced ""A Bird Story"" last night. 57 year old man, and cried like a baby (more than once.) All the memories of my childhood spent in such total lonliness and isolation. The unconditional love I found from animals (to this day.) The getting older, causing so much purity and innocence to be left behind. The slow, then sudden understanding of the pain of living.Not exactly a game, since it pretty much takes over the controls. In fact, control is so rare, the computer notifies the player of every single instance.A Bird Story destroyed me. I don't honestly know if I would go through something like it again, knowing the pain it would cause. But I have to say the story itself was as close to perfect as I would ever want. Other than pain avoidance, I can think of no reason for anyone to choose to not experience it too.Online completion is necessary to obtain the achievement."
,Recommended,327410,13208200,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Ramsickle,"Wow, what can I say, this game really hit home for me.The way the story is laid out and the exclusion of dialog I find allows you to experience it in your own way and allows you to relate it to your own personal experiences, making it feel like that much more of a connection if you do so. This also means everyones experience can be absolutely different.The game is short, but nonetheless extremely well done. The music seems to be a perfect fit for each and every part of the game. They also seem to mix up the different types of emotions within the game and transition between them almost flawlessly.This game is a bit hard to review without giving anything away about it.If you enjoy interative story style games then I most definitely recommend grabbing this title, and extremely looking forward to Finding Paradise."
,Recommended,327410,12832933,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Hugh G. Rection,Beautiful and effortlessly enchanting.Just buy it right now.
76561198078860521,Recommended,327410,12832974,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,aDistantHero,"A simple, wordless 1-hour wonder.The story focuses on that of a bird and a boy, but look deeper into the story and you can take away a lot more from this. Very well done Kan, I really appreciate all of your efforts and help along the way.I highly reccomend others to pick this up, as well as 'To The Moon'."
,Recommended,327410,28563318,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Johnny Truant,Only freebird games know how to make a quick interactive movie with no dialogue and somehow still get you to feel attached.
,Recommended,327410,17623267,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Aurumlamina,"An interactive story game with atmosphere galore, A Bird Story is an enjoyable journey through the tale of a boy and the bird that he rescues.  As can be expected, considering the game was created by the same developer that gave us To The Moon, the game can be completed in a single sitting though it is packed full of story and emotion.  The soundtrack is impressive and is what really drives the game - there is no dialogue.I definitely recommend that game to fans of To The Moon and any who are interested in a music and story driven game.  Play for the story and atmosphere, not for the challenge or action."
,Recommended,327410,12959098,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,•SADBOY•,"I loved To The Moon.. And this was just as good, If not better. This made me cry.. I'm turning into the biggest baby. No talking- Its all visual and i wouldnt have it any other way. Very touching but a little heart breaking. I bought this while it was on sale for 20% off, I really enjoy their games and thought it was a good deal. 10/10, Only problem was i couldnt get the steam overlay to work in the game. No screenshots ehh."
,Recommended,327410,20231562,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ORION,"To make a good game:- You don't have to put microtransactions- You don't have to put long dialogues- You don't have to put zombies- You don't have to sell dlcSometimes, a warm, touchy story is the only thing you need. This game does not contain any shooting stuff, so do not expect that kind of action, but if you like to experience a heart warming story with great soundtrack and great pixelated art, that's one of the games you absolutely need to buy. In short, another masterpiece from freebird games.10/10"
76561197962302493,Recommended,327410,12999413,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,#night|$p4rk1e,"This short story tells everything there is to tell in roughly an hour. In addition it achieves that without any written dialog whatsoever. Kan Gao's music andwritingconveys strong emotions perfectly.A true story about freedom, friendship and dreams."
,Recommended,327410,33097928,Posted: 1 July,all,Elghalibi,"This game... The emotions, the art, the story, the soundtrack.... GOD DAMN IT WHO'S CUTTING ONIONS >.>This game is one unique game, the story was flawless, the mechanics, everything about it is so good$0.79 and One hour of my life well spent for sure, definitely buy this game if you're going through a bad day.10/10"
,Recommended,327410,13018833,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Vygan San,"4 euro or 6 euro with soundtrack for a walking simulator where things happen with REALLY amazing music.And no, I don't hate this game. I really liked it! But this isn't just a game for everyone. If you loved To The Moon you probably already bought this one and if you didn't then I have no idea why you are looking in the reviews. You should be on the buying page.If you didn't bought To The Moon and are interested in this game, don't buy first this one. Buy To The Moon. It's much better than this game. It's also a sort of teaser for the next game of Kan Gao, ""Finding Paradise"" so it's better to play this game later than To The Moon."
,Recommended,327410,13425892,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Jragghen,"A Bird Story is a short adventure game, more interactive fiction than anything, with minimal interaction - some moving around, and occasional prompts.As is customary with these sorts of games, detailing what the game contains is effectively spoiling it, so I'm not going to elaborate much beyond that. It's mildly poignant, and will likely impact those who have had pets a bit more. I'm recommending on the basis that it does what it sets out to do quite well, but many - possibly even most - people will not enjoy this game simply because the style is not what they are looking for. Go in expecting a nice narrative, and little if anything else."
,Recommended,327410,13112957,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Deus Vult,As always an amazing game from Freebird Games can't wait to see what's next!
,Recommended,327410,12833393,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,LaDanetteDu94,"Kan Gao warned us : A Bird Story isn't To The Moon. I would say that it's between the emotionnal strenght of To The Moon and the simplicity of his early work (The Mirror Lied, Quintessence...). It's short, but this hour long journey is full of amazing narrative ideas and interesting metaphors.It might be a small game in terms of scale and length, but the characters and situations are subtle enough to make it worth it. It's about very few and a lot of things at the same time, and I'm sure anyone playing it will recognize themselves in some scenes.I can't wait to see what's next for Freebird Games !"
,Not Recommended,327410,13636539,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,LLTagged[AT],"Hrmpf.According to a lot of the reviews there's only two types of people on this planet. Those who have a soul (and heart!) and those who don't. The first are going to love this game for what it is and appreciate what it has to offer; the others - don't.While I loved 'To the Moon' which left me weeping at the end like no video game has ever done before, playing through 'A Bird's Story' proved to be quite a challenge for my limited attention span.While the soundtrack leaves nothing to be desired the story really doesn't cut it for me. It wasn't even remotely as special as 'To the Moon'. It's not even the lack of dialogue but more the fact that there isn't that much story to begin with; keeping that in mind the 1 hour length of this piece even seems stretched and too long.No recommendation this time."
,Recommended,327410,28920046,Posted: 1 January,all,Cmdo.Delta,"This is a cute little game. However, if the playable part of the game wouldn't exist, it would not make a huge difference. I would have even prefered to NOT have to do anything and just enjoy a short movie. It would have been the same short cute story without the bothering part of walking around uselessly.The story is cute but too short and too predictable to be really deep. This said, discovering at the end that this little game is the prequel of the coming game ""Finding paradise"" (which is a kind of sequel to ""to the moon"") made me happy. Because if this game was a single game not bound to any other, I would feel like it's too simple and short to worth playing. But considering the price, its a short pleasant entertainment. I can't wait to see how it'll be part of ""finding paradise"" which will be a way longer story so the chance it catch me emotionally will be way higher. And maybe when ""a bird story"" will be part of this bigger game, it'll catch my feelings more deeply than when it's played as a ""standalone""."
,Recommended,327410,12963048,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,wssrdturtle,A sweet and short story. The language doesn't matter because the game has no dialog at all. Any animal lover will enjoy the story :)
76561198011060969,Recommended,327410,26792429,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NaBeHobby,"+ Okay Story+Good Music+/- 8-bit images+/- Very Short Game and Cheap Price- It's a teaser GameOverall 6/10If I understand correctly, this game is supposed to be a prequel for the upcoming game, ""Finding Paradise"". The game is very short and it's easy to tell that the developer did not put a lot of effort and just wanted to quickly upload something for everyone. I recommend playing it if you enjoyed ""To the Moon,"" and is planning on buying the next game, otherwise just pick this game up when it's on sale and only expect a grain of salt."
,Recommended,327410,27661021,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Skeleaten,"It's a story about a lonely yet imaginative young boy and his bird friend. Told without any single words. But you will laugh, you will smile, you will shed tears."
,Recommended,327410,13595857,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,dethlocm,"When I first saw this game, I honestly thought it wouldn't be that great. There's no dialogue and it's a very short game that you can finish in an hour. But this game seriously has a very touching, beautiful story. It also has very pretty music :p I really did enjoy playing this game.9.5/10    :p"
,Recommended,327410,33210965,Posted: 3 July,all,Dapper Demon,"It's a nice simple story, while it doesn't have any text of the sort it uses visualisation in a clever way to convey the story. It has a very limited amount of interactivity and is more akin to a movie than a game.With 90 minutes and a cheap price, worth picking it up if you have the time."
,Recommended,327410,12843158,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Dr.Prinny,"Once upon a time.There's a boy who likes folding paper planes,And a bird who was found by the boy.So the boy made the bird into a bird-paper plane.Best story ever."
,Recommended,327410,31827931,Posted: 18 May,all,PAW.Predator,"Short, simple and beautifulthat's what i call art in gamesdon't expect a game. it's just 1 hour long interactive graphic novel.instead expect to see what pure art in games really means"
,Not Recommended,327410,12833152,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,abe.austin,"Really wanted to like this, but I just couldn't.Pros:Visuals-While RPGMaker is starting to show its age, it was nice to see Kan Gao throw in some new tricks. Especially creative was the transitions from one area to another. It was effective, seamless, and unique. Also the painted backgrounds during the paper-airplane flights were a very pleasant change of pace from the usual pixelated fare.Music-As always, excellent. Kan Gao is able to say a lot without words because he lets his music speak for him. Not only does the music serve the mood of the game, it's wonderful to listen to standing on its own as well.Cons:Gameplay-You have very little interactivity (really that's to be expected) and the little pieces it gives you just aren't very interesting. Too often you are just being sent back and forth to perform very menial chores. Perhaps that was meant to make you bond with your character's daily life, but I found that it just made things sloggish. Too often I felt that I was being told to do something just because it was something to do, not because it really mattered.Story-A very basic story and one that could have been poignant in its simplicity, but awkward pacing is a major culprit in making this less than it should have been. At first things seemed to follow a logical progression but soon it starts thrusting you from one scene to another with no sense of congruity between them. It's much too jarring when the sequential moments in the game are not tied to the previous or following ones, thematically or chronologically.At times the story seems to be hinting that it may be more than the sum of its parts. I'm all for symbolism and imagery, but if the message is too obscured, then it simply comes across as pretentious, not profound. I feel this game fell firmly into that category.Summary:The game certainly wasn't all bad, there were things I definitely enjoyed. But I feel the cons significantly outweigh the pros. Honestly the best part of this game was just seeing the tease for the full sequel of To the Moon at the end. I will be anxiously looking forward to that."
,Recommended,327410,12834409,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Jord Wylde,"If you're a fan of Kan Gao's work then this is one of his many titles and it's a rather short but a moving story without words. I'm a big fan of his work and i've completed some of his various other titles available for free on his website. It's an ""interactive pixel-animated story"" and a mini story to the upcoming ""To The Moon"" sequel, Kan Gao also offers a ""100% personal Refund Policy"" on all of his titles, so even if for any reason you don't like this game, he'll refund you. You can't lose. I grabbed this up the second it was released and i'm very happy to have bought it and i'm looking forward to his upcoming titles. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,327410,34297874,Posted: 16 August,all,rpfolse,"It's really impressive how much I did not like this game. To the Moon is fantastic, and A Bird Story was just utterly lackluster in every respect.The controls were a joke, very slow and always restricted for some reason. Even then, the interactive sequences were few and far between. This game was the epitome of ""Press F to Pay Respects.""The story was absolutely terribly paced. I think I would have enjoyed this game a lot more if it kept a respectable pace and was over in 15-20 minutes, rather than dragging on for an interminable hour. Each scene was a little slower, a little longer than necessary, each fade a little deeper and darker. And then there were about twice as many scenes as necessary.The entire game, really, was a really shallow, painful melodrama, with just a couple brief glimmers of characterization amid a sea of sap. The music, the visuals (all other characters were ghosts...?), the contrived interactions, everything was designed to wring as much emotion as it possibly could from the viewer, and it went way overboard. The only emotion I felt was frustration.The only saving grace is that it was only an hour, albeit a very long hour. I really cannot recommend this game to anyone.1/10"
,Recommended,327410,31500913,Posted: 1 May,all,Lolling_Chris,So beatiful and emtional! Gao Kan is really good at stroytelling...Take a little time of yours and enjoy this indie jewel.
76561198157841109,Recommended,327410,24458798,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,"Jade ""Princess"" Mew","Can you imagine playing a game that is only an hour long, with no dialogue?Can you imagine that, that very game could make you cry?A Bird Story is just that.It is a stunning, heartfelt, masterpiece."
,Recommended,327410,12868806,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,yenmihC,Emotions.
,Recommended,327410,12883723,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Luanna,Sooooooooooo beautiful! I have only played 20 mins and I am already loving it! Especially there is not that many games I like. This game is very different than most games in the game industry.If you like studio ghibli you probably going to love this game.
,Recommended,327410,19490675,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Karayao,这游戏讲了一个男人和一只鸟玩纸巾的故事（噫。。。）
,Recommended,327410,27064856,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,❤ Singo,"Odd, but absolutely riveting."
,Recommended,327410,12854417,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Mr Moose,"Are video games art?It's an interesting question and by playing this game you will have an insight into a masterpiece of storytelling, something only a game can do. While this takes about an hour it manages to use music and visuals in a way that many films could any dream of. The game has no dialogue and explores a novel way of telling a personal story, a very good one at that.What this game does is involve you in a story that is hard to review simply because I have a sense that each person who plays this will pull something different away from it. The lack of exposition or black and white story telling really allows you to fill the gaps like a good book would, yet while allowing you to understand the point of view of the character you play as.Should you play this?Yes, especially given its small price.If you look good stories are simply want to see what video games as a medium can achieve this is worth looking at."
,Recommended,327410,23900724,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Amber,"Do playthis little game if you like:Dream-like atmospheres(reality and imagination blur the one into the other continuously)Touching friendshipssuch as the one between the Little Prince and the FoxDo notplay this game if you like:Fast-paced plotsThis is an adorable short story. It is quite simple and predictable, nonetheless it succeeds in entertaining its players. All you have to do is relaxing and enjoying this hour-long chicken-soup-for-the-soul. It will definitely warm your heart.Thumbs up for the wordless narrationHave you ever enjoyed a sign language concert? You don't need sounds to feel the music: you can sense it. Likewise, this story allows you tofeelthe narrative without need toreadit.What could be improved?This is a very cinematic game. The story is rather watched than played."
,Recommended,327410,13990438,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Mushy the Bad Clonefish,"Metaphors Are EverywhereGameplay: 16/25  Graphics: 23/25  Sound 24/25  Story: 23/25Overall: 86/100First off, this game is short, really short, it's like a teaser to the next short installment of the game. So, the gameplay is basically you just walk around and ... that's about it. You walk around with a couple little mini-games here and there. The graphics are pretty nice and I'm always glad to see an RPG Maker game that uses it's own graphics and not the ones that come with the program. The sound is really good as well and again, glad to see that their was a custom soundtrack and everything. As for the story, there is no dialogue whatsoever in this game, so you just have to assume what's going on from the implications that are present. For me, it's what made the game, I would've been bored out of my mind if I didn't feel like the storytelling was so good and enthralling. Worth the price even if it is a bit short."
,Recommended,327410,29895914,Posted: 13 February,all,Tails The Fox,"A Bird Story was a short, but emotional and very charming little story that I enjoyed very much, and that touched my heart.You play as a young boy who loves animals and loves the outdoors. When he's at home or at school, his life is often mediocre and boring, but you can see him enjoy himself outside when he can go to the forest. One day, he comes across a small bird in the forest, and its wing is broken. He takes the bird and rescues it, bringing it back to his apartment. Although the bird needs healing, the boy is afraid of anyone taking the bird away from him, and he tries to nurse it back to health himself.The story is short, but beautiful and heartwarming, and I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a nice story, and bird-lovers like myself. Its soundtrack is quite pretty as well, and I do't have any complaints about this game. It's such a nice little story, and just like To The Moon, I love it. ^.^"
76561198394616780,Recommended,327410,32697532,Posted: 23 June,all,verdirara,I expected close to nothing from this game but discovered a little gem.
,Not Recommended,327410,24381776,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Exterminans27,"If you are considering getting this game because you loved To The Moon, don't.I absolutely loved To The Moon and I was really looking forward to playing this title.After starting to play I was really hoping the game would get better and that I would just have to get through some sort of slow intro, because I really really wanted to like the game. But it just didn't get better and left me very disappointed.It claims to be an interactive animation, yet there is hardly any interaction whatsoever.The few parts of the game where you are allowed to actually do anything you pretty muchjust follow a path until the game takes over again and starts the next cut scene.It could've been released simply as a movie just as well.The story might be kinda cute but it gets nowhere near to the emotional depth of To The Moon.I can not recommend this game."
,Recommended,327410,23997312,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Balaam's ass,"Charming little story, but not really a game.  Will take about an hour of your time, maybe longer, and indeed has no text at all outside of the credits.Minor tear-jerker story, for those soft of heart.Worth the watch-and-click at current sale price of $1.19."
,Recommended,327410,12872267,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Edock,"Very very sweet story with no words spoken. Music is fantastic. I still prefrer ""To The Moon"" over this one, however I am very glad I got to play this as well.  Great job Freebird Games!"
,Recommended,327410,12881684,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,The Trashman,"Much like To the Moon, but shorter. It seems to be the prequel to a later game. I found the music enjoyble, but similiar to the game that came before this one. I liked the subtle references to To the Moon as well. There is not too much gameplay, instead the game likes to focus on the story with lots of cut  scenes. Overall, I liked it, but not as much as To the Moon."
,Recommended,327410,13713963,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Rafael M.,"A Bird Story is a short game about a friendship between a boy and an injured bird. This game doesn't have any dialogue, but the way the plot develops is very touching.The gameplay is extremely simple. Any person can easily play it with no trouble. Another good point is that it runs on any computer from the last 10 years. Everybody can enjoy this little game.A Bird Story isn't great as To the Moon IMO but is still worth it if you like a good story."
,Recommended,327410,12836969,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,SadDad,"Absolutely something I would expect from Kan Gao. Blew away my expectations.For this one small moment in time, i truly felt like I was a child again, and that is a gift very few people have the ability to give. Such a wonderful story told in the most appropriate way possible, without dialogue. Anyone with a heart, and an undying child inside of them needs to play this magical game."
,Not Recommended,327410,32844461,Posted: 26 June,all,dberN~,"PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE BUYING :I am extremly biased, if this was half decent, hell an eight decent Id recommend it fully but yet I dont. I played To The Moon, its my favorite game of past 3 years and its the only game that ever made me drop a few tears. I also had a bird, his name was Buck and he was my best friend. He died in an unpredictable accident 6 years ago and to this day I still get watery eyes when I think about him (I might sound like a person that cries alot but Im not, these are one of the few things that make my eyes watery). I got cats and dogs now and never will I ever love one like I loved Buck, he felt human to me, would fly in the house onto my shoulder, sing with me and even talk with me. I was and still am a very lonely person.This game has the same graphics and vibe as To The Moon and is a about a child/teen that is extremly lonely that meets a bird and makes it his best friend. And yet I dont recommend this game... Because it is complete crap.The only thing that should make you buy this game is the soundtrack, its beautiful, it makes you feel like youre playing a much nicer and deeper game than you actually are.The gameplay is atrocious, the whole this is a cutscene that lets you click a few buttons here and there and it feels forced, because the whole thing truly wants to be a cutscene and a cutscene only.The story, even though it relates to me in a very deep and personal way is pathetic. I feel like the guys at freebird games felt forced to release a new game because people loved to the moon so much.Never buy this game other than for the soundtrack and if you buy it for the soundtrack, dont even play it.-From a lonely guy whose bestfriend was a bird who died and loves to the moonPS : Im still hyped for their next game."
76561198103778988,Recommended,327410,23779938,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,electricchilidog,"No words are spoken.No dialogue is written.The game is only 1hr long.And yet this game creates and incredible, beautiful experience, an experience a tender soul would not easily forget.Ever since I was aware of the idea of ""gaming is art"" I have looked for games that express an artistic creativity that most media sources would overlook. I would look for games that are unique, emotional, powerful, etc. Although I have found games that are definitely artistic, I have not played a game quite like A Bird Story.We have all played games that try to combine some of the greatest techniques in both gameplay and narrative that gaming  can offer, and yet overall, we dislike them. Oppositely, we have all played games that are incredible and beautiful as a whole, but broken down the game seems so simple. A bird Story is the latter of the two.When I think about this game, the story is not earth-shattering, the characters are defined but do not have wildly unique personalities, the gameplay is simple and often just movie-like......but that is precisely what makes this game an incredible piece of art.The orchestral music is sweeping and melodic, tailored to each part of the game. The characters simple personalities shine brightly with the others in the face of conflict and heartbreak. The gameplay allows the player to partake in the boy's own trials and revelations, adding to the immersion. The approach to storytelling without the use of words adds to the player's ability to interpret and experience without interruption. All of the parts, despite their seemingly simple nature, combine to create an amazing experience.I highly recommend ""A Bird Story"" for everyone."
76561197985104997,Recommended,327410,28424961,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,The DryKiwU,"A Bird Story is a game that focuses on his narrative. Its about building a relationship with all the ingredients of creating memories together.The game features very minimal controls in movement and interacting. Its not something negative, because the game is trying to tell you a story with a minimal setting. I really love these kind of games, because its not heavy rely on gameplay and the developer just want to give us a good and emotional story. Its really choosing to feel empathize with the character and story behind it.It's definitly not a game for everyone, but it achieves a good story with minimal tools and no words. The game speaks for itself and achieves more emotional and emphatizing feelings then most AAA Titles."
,Recommended,327410,30914641,Posted: 2 April,all,虹音|Rein,"Pros-Peaceful Gameplay-Awesome Music-Cute/Sad/Uplifting StoryCons-Short game for a $4 game-No Dialogue-Boring parts within the gameplayOverall: 8/10If you are a fan of ""To the Moon"" (Or cant wait for Finding Paradise), you should try this out. This game was a bit expensive, but im not going to refund this game. I strongly support the developers into making such a rich story into RPG games. If you have enough money to buy this game and love the developers for making theses types of games, please support them!"
,Recommended,327410,18413820,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Lyzzie,"This is a simple game. Despite the fact that is an 2D game, the story is so touching, so delicate, that no one would regret to spend one hour or two playing this.The music is lovely too, and the game is quite cheap.Worth the try!"
76561198117124319,Recommended,327410,31930223,Posted: 24 May,all,Fera ~ Sugar Beast,"A Bird StoryEnjoyable piece of art.It takes you through a simple graphic novel, and proves that things are not only understood through dialoque, since there's little to none in this little gem.However it is lacking a few things, which places it as an appetizer forTo the Moonalso by Freebird Games.Thumbs UpThe mood it creates for many is powerful.The music is beautiful.Creative way of showing the story despise the lack of interaction & dialoque, while also limited to RPG-graphic.Easy 100% game completion.Perfect for relaxationSadfaceHowever the story only lasts for around 1 hour with little replay value except for finding a few easter eggs.3.99 (5.99) with soundtrack - is a high price for such a short game - however you will listen to the soundtrack afterwards.No save functionClosing CommentsBuy this game to support the developers, but you'll probably enjoyTo the Moonmuch, much more!Warning: This game might have an influence in how you fancy your next grill-chicken!"
76561198281960704,Recommended,327410,33909138,Posted: 30 July,all,BreTTzz,Good pixel/sotry based game sometimes it will get a bit confusing.If you would get that game on the sale then it's tottally worth it.I mean if you would pay for 5 dollars/euros etc its good too but better on sale.Some places i just wanted to get trought cz it got boring.Overall 80/100 Worth it
,Recommended,327410,24869080,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,The RetroSpectre Masato,"A heartwarming story rich game, where not much is said, but a lot is felt <3"
76561198127175322,Recommended,327410,13083352,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,rbravo,"For a game with faceless forgotten characters, no dialogue, and only a bird and a speechless boy that is probaly one of the best $5 and 1 hour I have spent. It has already made my personal list for top games even though it only had me ocasionally click the arrow keys and space bar. 10/10"
,Recommended,327410,12929533,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,SuperTremoço,"This game is really fantastic!I knew that I wouldn't be disappointed, after To The Moon. Even though this game is smaller, all the emotions are present!The music is really great, as it were in To The Moon. Music helps, in a lot of cases, to get the right emotion and understand what's happening. This happened in this game, no doubt.The game itself, it's excellent. It's a proof that no words are needed to make a wonderful game, full of emotions.I'm waiting for the next game!Keep up the awesome and excellent work!"
,Recommended,327410,15015925,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Jehouash,"A Bird Storywas amazing.  It was beautiful, moving, heartwarming, and nostalgic (and don't even get me started on the soundtrack--major regrets for not buying the bundle and saving a dollar).  As a new Steam user, I was uncertain about how to make my first purchase rewarding and memorable.  I ended up choosing this game and couldn't have been more pleased with my selection.  This game is about as unique a game as I can ever remember playing.  It's like watching a movie that was made using an old console engine, but the controls get handed over to you, making the experience more personal, so you feel connected.  Why haven't I seen this medium explored before?  It's sheer genius.I read a lot of reviews that kept referring to the cost ($5) not being worth the 60+ minutes of gameplay.  Some Steam users  pointed out that you spend more when you go to a crappy movie, which is a good point, but I loveA Bird Storyfor an entirely different reason: I'm a father, so when I considered this purchase, I thought of it as a way to share the look and feel of games I grew up on with my five-year-old daughter.  We have taken our time with it and thoroughly enjoyed playing it together.  And anyone who knows anything about kids, knows they like repetition--heck, it's even good for them.  Call me sentimental, but I am confident thatA Bird Storywill be the equivalent of a timeless favorite book that my daughter and I will return to time and again."
76561198002486855,Recommended,327410,19352990,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,♥™Django,masterpiece  <3 really good
,Recommended,327410,12885242,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,JackA$$,"Who would have guessed a game without any dialouge could still tug on my feel-strings so badly.Props to the devs, you really know how to tell a story."
,Recommended,327410,12917789,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,[GM] Dark,"Not Kan's best work, at least compared to To The Moon and Do You Remember My Lullaby, but nevertheless it's leaps and bounds ahead of most games out there in terms of pure art and is well worth experiencing."
,Recommended,327410,12833382,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,ALIEN,It was a very enjoyable little story. Very beautiful. I think it was worth the price.
,Recommended,327410,12879742,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Scott,"A touching, albeit short story from the developer of To The Moon. Highly recommended for those who appreciate solid storytelling in their games, but perhaps not for those who desire more direct control. I'm of the former crowd, and while this game was slightly movie-like in it's approach, the experience as a whole was well worth the price of admission for me."
,Recommended,327410,12873946,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Utsukimi Jerry,"If you have played ""To The Moon"" You will absolutely love this one as well. No spoilers from me but good god, the art style is superb. Pixel art that contains a significance in the game itself. It blends too well with the absolutely monumentally excellent music. I cannot tell you how much the songs in the game fits every single situation from the start till the end.This game is a must buy. With its really reasonable pricing, It's a no-brainer to not pick this up. Go ahead. Buy this game. And enjoy the beauty of this game.To the developers - I thank you so much for this masterpiece. Please keep it up!"
,Recommended,327410,13130487,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Dknighter,"One of the types of games which will get you thinking about the story for a while afterwards. Freebird Games really did an excellent job on this, and if you have played their other game ""To The Moon"" then the ending will make you smile as I did, if you haven't played ""To The Moon"" then you should stop reading this and go play it immediately. This game has a beautiful soundtrack and story to it and I would recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,327410,12868709,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,I AKU!,"A Bird Story is decent enough, it doesn't have the highs of To the Moon had (To the Moon actually made me cry, Bird Story did not) but it doesn't have any of its annoying lows. (Which was the hackneyed and forced dialogue from the scientists. A Bird Story has zero dialogue, which is one of its strengths because it shows insteads of tells.) So in the end its ends being a solid enough narrative game. If you liked To the Moon and don't mind minimal gameplay A Bird Story is worth a shot."
,Recommended,327410,13722972,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Gwyn,"A short but satisfying experience. A Bird Story is far from 'gameplay based', and is more about enjoying beautiful music and a simple but wonderful story about friendship and loneliness. It's not as emotional, not as touching and not as complex as ""To the Moon"", but it is still a beautiful and intelligent story.Lie down... Try not to cry... Cry a lot."
,Not Recommended,327410,12932577,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,DeathJohnson,"I kind of wish there was more of a rating system in place in the review system, as it is, all I can do is state that I don't recommend this game, and the big red thumbs-down that comes with it seems a bit harsh for a game like this. It isn't bad, but overall, there's really only a small group of people I would recommend this game to, and for that, I'll go through a series of questions:1. Did you play and enjoy ""To The Moon""?If your answer to this is ""no"", then you're already in the group I wouldn't recommend the game to. If you haven't played it, I'd recommend playing it, it's about 10 times the game A Bird Story is for only about twice the price. If you played it and didn't enjoy it, then there's really no hope for you to enjoy A Bird Story whatsoever. It's a somewhat similar style game, but there's much less to it, and it's a much less memorable experience overall. I played A Bird Story today and I can't even remember for sure if there was more than one song in the soundtrack, there must have been, because there's a soundtrack for sale in this game, but all the music sounded the same to me.2. Does the idea of a story told with no dialogue, or even any text whatsoever, appeal to you?This is the thing that nearly turned me away from the game altogether, it's an extremely unappealing concept to me. The story had to be kept extremely simple because of it, and even then, there are some parts that can be a bit confusing with no text of any kind explaining it, nothing major to the story, just a few little things. I can't really understand why the decision was made to make the game without text though, the only possible benefit to it I can see is that it would make localizing the game in countries that don't speak English extremely easy, you wouldn't even need to hire a translator.3. Are you interested in the background of the patient in To The Moon's sequel?I was, and that was the biggest influence in my decision to buy the game and play through it, but I'd say it's not worth being the big influence that it was to me. Really, after playing through the whole game, I still feel like I know next to nothing about the main character, there are a few character traits, but they would be so apparent that I'm sure they would have to be obvious in the next game, so you wouldn't miss out on anything by skipping this. At least, I don't think you would, I can't say for sure until the next game is released, so I can come back and update this review then.4. Do you like really simple short stories?I'm kind of on the fence for this question, I don't mind a simple story in general, but it feels like in a story-driven game, the story should have at least some depth to it. I didn't find this story to have any, really. Basically, read the description for this game, and try to predict exactly how the story plays out based on that short description. I'd be willing to bet more than 90% of people's guesses would be right in line with how the story goes. I mean, the description of the game does specifically state that it's a ""simple story"", even with that in mind, I didn't expect it to be as simple as it was.---Basically, if you answered yes to all those questions, I would definitely recommend this game to you.If you answered yes to most of them, you might want to think twice about it. The developer does have a refund policy if you're completely unsatisfied. I won't be asking for a refund as I was okay with the game as a whole, I just found it underwhelming.If you answered mostly no to these questions, I wouldn't even consider buying it. Even if you play through it and go get a full refund, it wouldn't even be enjoyable enough to you to be worth the time spent playing it."
,Recommended,327410,12858777,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,DyaBuza,"Funny and sad story.Light interactive animation without dialogues. Don't need read anything. Just enjoy! ^^Highly recommend for original owners ""To the Moon"" game, who completed game and liked !!!You'll like it !"
,Recommended,327410,12839260,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,The Mint Pen,I am a grown woman who just cried over the beautiful story of the friendship between a boy and a bird. Worth every tear and every penny.
,Recommended,327410,33412294,Posted: 9 July,all,nerketur,"I got this game in a bundle. I dont remember how much I paid for it, but I'm one of the fans that loves it.The word of caution is correct, and after playing this game I see why.  Everything that could be said about the game is in the description of the game.  The soundtrack is amazing, the graphics are what you'd expect from Freebird Games, the story is short and simple, and the gameplay is... rather simple as well.  But that's exactly what you should expect if you read the description.It doesn't all make sense the first time you play.  Some parts are silly, and there are a few parts you could miss if you just rush through (though none vital to the story.  Anything vital to the story you are forced to do to move on).  However, I believe it makes a good cohesive whole, even if you'll be left with unanswered questions.All in all I do reccomend the game, especially if you're a fan of To The Moon.  Same graphic style, same level of music quality.  I dont think its the same level of quality with the story, but I still enjoyed it anwyway.  If you're wanting a sequal to To The Moon, then this isn't it.  If all you liked in To The Moon was the story and you're expecting a very deep, thoughtful and thought provoking story from A Bird Story (like in To The Moon), then you'll be disappointed too.  If you enjoyed To The Moon because of the graphics, song, and want a short and simple story with a bit of interactivity sprinkled in, then this is the perfect game for you.I have high hopes for the actual sequal, and from this short story I can already see I'm not going to be dissapointed <3"
,Recommended,327410,14634756,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Trash Panda,"Get this game on sale, the $5.5 price tag isn't worth it for a 1 hour interactive short. This game is most likely a prequel to a longer game that they are working on, so don't get dissapointed as this is just a teaser of some sort."
,Recommended,327410,13718162,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,☙ℳ3ℓiηα❧ ®🐎,"Short but lovely Story (don´t worry - not gona spoil anything ;) with the same grafics as ""To the moon"" and the same sympathic atmosphere. Absolutely worth playing.Nominated for the ""I'm not crying, I only have something in mind"" award^^ (Steam Awards 2016)"
76561198055191047,Recommended,327410,18004664,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,<ALC> Steph,"A lovely little game about growing up and letting go that really tugged on my heart strings. It is short (about an hour long) and simple (no complicated game mechanics and no dialogue), but it is profound in the way the story is told through the music and the visuals. I highly recommend."
,Recommended,327410,12974076,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,IpAqI,"An absolutely fantastic story, wordlessly told. It is only an hour long, so take that into account, but I heartily recommend it."
,Recommended,327410,23931838,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Laðy Lambðaðelta,"This isn't a game.If you're looking for a game, this isn't for you.If you're looking for a brief but sweet set of vignettes about a boy and his bird, you've come to the right placeEspecially recommended for those who played and enjoyed To The Moon."
,Recommended,327410,31630632,Posted: 8 May,all,Dexterious,"Cute, very sweet, and imaginative tale! Reminds one of their younger days~"
76561198137517169,Recommended,327410,28889016,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,night owl,"Really: Pay attention to the game description (tbh I had kinda forgotten the described ""simpleness"" again myself, so I mean that in the nicest way! Just don't expect more than the game description is promising.)+ short, sweet story (you actually have to leave the game running idle for a while to get all trading cards lol)+ beautiful score like in To The Moon° mixture of fantasy and reality, sometimes confusing and sometimes lovely (wouldn't it be great if there really were forests growing through schools? ^^ )° a little taster/character introduction for the hopefully coming ""To The Moon"" sequel° the game really mostly plays itself, it's more ""sit back and watch"" for the audience (but the decription kinda tells you that)- while the point above is alright if you know about it beforehand, it does get a bit annoying that the switches between ""interactive and not"" aren't that clear - I often kept hitting buttons when it had already switched back to ""autopilot""...6/10. Get it on sale and/or support the creators (my main reason for buying it tbh since I got To The Moon in a HumbleBundle and LOVED that one)"
,Recommended,327410,23795540,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Dizzy2D,"What the author manages to create with such simple tools is really quite impressive.  Simply put, it's a touching experience and worth the small entry fee."
,Recommended,327410,13745084,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Ravenize > *,"Playing A Bird Story is like watching a Miyazaki movie.It has a sense of wonder that's hard to find in modern games. The music and atmosphere are top notch.But the story is quite simple. It feels a little flat compared to To the Moon. It's certainly more abstract. But it turns out this is meant as more of a novella than a novel, and the true sequel to To the Moon is still forthcoming. So if you're in the mood for something short but still moving, then A Bird Story fits the bill."
,Recommended,327410,28689872,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,TheUnicornMaster,"Half imagination, half memory, A Bird Story is a simple ""game"" that explores the hazy recollections of a young boy who saved an injured bird. Despite not having any dialogue and artfully lacking in player interaction, A Bird Story successfully evokes emotion in the player through its poignant soundtrack and beautiful imagery.I was a huge fan of To the Moon (I've bought the game multiple times for friends and also purchased the soundtrack) and A Bird story does not disappoint. However, I'd recommend buying it on sale for its brevity, however powerful.10/10"
,Recommended,327410,14726612,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,RepoGirl2039,"A cute story that takes around one to two hours to complete (Depending on menu time etc) about a boy and his injured bird. A great short story to make you smile, be sad, and generally go ""Aww"" at every turn. The fact that it's wordless makes it much more enjoyable and cute - as you can interpret it whichever way you like. Overall a great little story/game for a great price. I give this game a 9/10 :)"
,Recommended,327410,17877648,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Dan Bull,"A quaint stop-gap between To The Moon and Freebird's next major project. A Bird Story is more of a visual novel than a game. If you want a relaxing hour of entertainment without much thinking, this game may well be for you. The plot is as flismy as a paper plane, but it's worth playing for the soundtrack alone."
76561198091878565,Not Recommended,327410,32831009,Posted: 26 June,all,Yracham,"I can't recommend this game. The story is cute, but the gameplay is inexistant. They could have made a film with a button to play/pause it, it would be the same. Disappointing."
,Recommended,327410,33564333,Posted: 15 July,all,Frostbyte,"The creators ofTo The Moonnever disappoint me while creating a game. Just like their other game,A Bird Storyis a story told through a game. You are a boy that takes care of a wounded bird, witnessing caring, friendship and farewells throughout the carefully created plot.What makes this a must buy?First, the truly well written story that can say so much without any words. Even though it is relatively short, taking around one hour and a half to complete 100%, the way the story is told is amazing. You play as a child, and every element from the game fits the character. Can an adult even imagine of flying on a paper plane or trees that would walk out of your path?Second, the soothing soundtrack. Personally, I played this on a cloudy and cold day, under my blankets, with headphones on, and my heart was filled with peace. The music fits the story perfectly, making it an experience even more beautiful.Third, the surprise to allTo The Moonfans (that being said, make sure you play it before playing this one!). It is no secret thatA Bird's Storyis a prequel to their next game,Finding Paradise, and in the ending you get a peek of Dr. Watts and Dr. Rosalene's next mission by seeing that timeline we are already familiar with."
,Recommended,327410,31325955,Posted: 23 April,all,Glaucus,"Lovely short story.  The story is basically just a boy in his normal (and maybe a bit lonely but content) life and some bird he finds while playing the game. The story line is not about big quests or grand ideologies, but remains very simple about something simple that is important to him. I think this game successfully manges to make you feel compassionated for this (ordinary) boy and his bird, which makes it unique.+ Sound+ Controls+ Storyline+ Avatar identification (I don’t want to say ‘can relate’, but you can certainly feel compassionated about the boy even though the feelings are not necessarily good or bad.)+ Special/unique way overlapping time/place-frames(Like the kid walking from school to his home… it overlaps in a surrealistic way instead of having to walk the entire way without disturbing the storyline itself.)- Maybe a bit short"
,Recommended,327410,16339348,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,샤 Girlintree,"This game is not for everybirdie. It's more of a short story backed with a melancholy piano soundtrack. Even though it lacks 'actual' gameplay elements I was not dissatisfied with my purchase. This short story is very imaginative and touching, great narrative and the abstract dream-like approach to the visuals made it a very enjoyable experience... when watching this story unfold page by page.Thanks for creating this 10/10. You made me cry though, damn you. ;-;"
,Recommended,327410,34740397,Posted: 4 September,all,DiatonicEmperor,"Nice game. Perfect if you want something ""easy"" between your Triple A titles. It's basically a 1h animated story made by the creator of ""To the Moon"". I highly recommend buying it also to support him getting the best out of on his upcoming title ""Finding Paradise"". Can't wait for it!"
,Not Recommended,327410,35022218,Posted: 17 September,all,sinanonline,"This is a game of linear storytelling. What bothers me is the slow-scrolling cutscenes and the amount of time the game takes it to tell the story. Five minutes into the game, and the game is still trying to explain to me that the protoganist is a introverted student. The combination of these two factors makes the game slow-paced."
,Recommended,327410,12919038,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,NoahTheGoodra,The ♥♥♥♥ing thing made me cry 10/10
76561198262080096,Recommended,327410,20220171,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ElLirogono,"A warm and touching story with little interaction and hardly any words from the maker(s) of To the Moon.Nowhere close TtM but still worth a look if you're into those kind of 'games'. It is said to be TtM universe, but we are unable to tell that from playing - this should clear up in the next game.If you're sceptical I'd suggest you look for free 'Do You Remember My Lullaby' (no interaction, animated movie) or 'The Mirror Lied' (point&click linear adventure with some puzzles; plot being the greatest of them). Both of them are on devs website and, in my opinion, better than 'A Bird Story'."
,Recommended,327410,12962362,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,darbeenbo,Beautiful. Words cannot describe the feelings this game invokes.
,Recommended,327410,12885970,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Azcura,"Amazing!Such a beautiful work of art.Cute story, nice music.Probably not made for everyone, because it's more a visual story than a game."
,Recommended,327410,34563162,Posted: 28 August,all,ishallnotclown,"I would not recommendA Bird Storyto those who think very traditionally about what ""a game"" must be like, because there isn't a lot of agency as a player or intricate gameplay. And I can understand some being potentially put off by that. But for what it is in fact attempting to be and is clearly advertised as - that is, an interactive short story, rather than a game in the traditional sense - it hits the markhard.A Bird Storyis an experience that I'm very glad I had. It's simple, yet thought-provoking. It's down to earth, yet injected with a healthy, enchanting dose of fantasy and imagination. It's deeply emotional, yet doesn't shy away from occasional comedic moments (which, by the way, really surprised me in getting some genuine laughs out of me). It uses absolutely zero words to convey a wonderfully executed, heartfelt story of childhood, friendship, and loss. The complete lack of words of any kind (aside from the end credits) makes this equally accessible to speakers of absolutely any language and those too young or otherwise impaired in reading ability, which I think is something pretty special.At first glance the pixel art is tiny and the animations seem like they'll be limited, but the further I got into it, the moreA Bird Storyimpressed me with how much it could do in such a small space. Being a short story givesA Bird Storythe freedom to have many different bespoke character sprites for each and every small moment, making it feel alive the whole way through.The music is also incredibly deserving of praise. It swelled into emotional crescendos and faded into silence or quiet at all the right moments. It's beautiful and I am strongly considering buying the soundtrack. Calling itcompletelydevoid of gameplay also wouldn't be a hundred percent fair; a simple thing like which arrow keys to press at which moments is sometimes used in adorable and inventive ways to keep the player feeling involved.For anyone who doesn't need absolutely everything on Steam to be gameplay-heavy, and is at all interested in just settling down for about an hour and experiencing a charming story, I would definitely recommendA Bird Story."
,Recommended,327410,12944465,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Insentience,"Brilliant little game and soundtrack, cannot wait for the sequel."
76561198042619224,Recommended,327410,12841976,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Sun_S,"In a nutshell: This game is about 1 h long and tells the story of a boy finding a bird with a broken wing.It's a self-contained story and has hardly any gameplay, apart from walking your character through the world and a few little actions. Yet it's still a touching experience and cleverly done in how it works with no dialogue, through just the action on the screen and emotional music which will accompany you in every scene.If you've played ""To the Moon"": This game is set in the same world. The boy will grow into Dr. Rosalene's and Dr. Watts' patient in the next part of the series. But ""A Bird Story"" doesn't feature the doctors. Also, it doesn't contain shocking plot twists like TtM - those will only happen again in the sequel (from what I heard). It's still worth it for the simple touching story."
,Recommended,327410,14042712,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Kill Your Local Alpha Male,"DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME EXPECTING ANYTHING LIKETO THE MOONthis short serves as a preview (or bridge) to kan gao's upcoming game, which will be similar toto the moonPROS+ beautiful & original soundtrack+ touching & emotional plotCONS- very short for its price tag (~1 hour)- minimal gameplay- predictable & depth lacking- extremely slow-pacedvery similar to freebird'sthe mirror liedand will only appeal to a specific audience - 6/10"
,Recommended,327410,12835960,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Krawchi,Beautiful short story about a boy who found an injured bird. If you liked To The Moon then you should definitely get this game.
,Recommended,327410,12835823,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Tor-Aaron,"Please Pixar, hire this guy :)"
,Recommended,327410,12867673,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Blueson,"Once again Freebirdgames delivers a short yet touching story. The game is about what you'd expect after playing To the moon, runs on the same engine and plays out almost identically, just that there's aboslutely no dialoge on this one. If you're interested in this and haven't played To the moon yet, you should probably avoid this for the time being. But if you have played To the moon and want something more I'd totally recommend this. It's shorter than To the moon and I am fairly certain that if you're not willing to spend a small amount of money on this (IMO 4 Euro for a game ~1 hour long is worth it but others might disagree) I'd say you can probably. As this isn't the real sequel to ""To the moon"" but more of a prequel to the sequel coming.Also note, the game is still running in the same engine as To the moon but this time it plays even more as a visual novel than To the moon did so the controls shouldn't be too much of an issue."
,Recommended,327410,24916788,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Julia ✿,>Looks in my library to find a game to play while I wait for my dad to get home>Sees this>Why not I can get perfect game in under 3 hours>Plays first part>Wtf is going on>Starts to understand more as the game goes on>end game>CrysThis game is amazing get it
76561198123247394,Recommended,327410,12864608,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,☢VaultGirl☢,"Kan has done it again. I usually dont cry in games however... To the moon... Made me cry, A Bird Story... Made me cry. I cant describe how brilliant kans characters and storylines are. You feel such a connection to the characters and feel as if you are living it yourself. This is an absolutly beautiful story and touches the heart. You will never be able to look at birds in the same way again. I am very glad to own every item on steam that kan has developed including the soundtrack cds to both games. Money well spent, infact i would have paid more... Try this game and keep making masterpieces with such heart and emotion kan"
76561198057622074,Recommended,327410,15152719,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Veterinarius,Short but oh soooo sweet :). Now who put these onions here :(.
,Recommended,327410,13400826,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Satsujinki,"This is best game ever...but it's very touching. I remember, I played To the Moon and I cried at ending and now it made me laugh and cry when the boy made his good friendship with a bird.I would like to thank you, Reives....Thank you for making To the Moon and I really did enjoy with this. Now I would like to see ""Finding Paradise"" when the game release.100/10 would cry from my saddest memory from To the Moon."
76561198031267650,Not Recommended,327410,29992861,Posted: 17 February,all,Abyss (HK),"I want to say ""yes"" because I love ""To the moon"" so much.The story is beautiful but it just can't touch me.With just 1% of interactive element is risky if  the ""player"" (or say, visual novel reader) don't impress on the story."
,Recommended,327410,12833027,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,"Nick ""Zorb"" Cage",Tears everywhere.
,Recommended,327410,12870062,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Blitzykrieg vas Qwib-Qwib,"First off don't go into this game with the mindset of it will be just like To the Moon it isn't, it is just a prequel for the next game in the series, but anways when I first read that A Bird Story was going to be only 1 hour long without any dialogue I was a bit skeptical about it, but man, Kan Gao has proved once again that he can write an amazing story and I don't think I will ever doubt his story telling skills after this one. So the story is a prequel for the next game by Freebird Games and takes place before the events of To the Moon in one section in the life of the 2 main character's next patient and tells a very touching story about a lonely little boy with an incredible imagination and a bird with an injured wing and left me and probably most people crying if not teary eyed at least by the end. The soundtrack in this game, like To the Moon is fantastic and is a must buy if you plan on buying this amazing game. It has a very nice blend of reality and the imagination of a little kid. I suggest playing To the Moon first before this one but I still highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a great story.Kan Gao you really have a gift of emotional story telling and I can't wait to play the next game: Finding Paradise whenever it comes out!"
,Not Recommended,327410,28738936,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Chaz Me Up,"A Bird Story seemed to me that it was a touching game, with a rich story and fun to play. I couldn't have been more wrong.First of all: you don't really play it! The game doesn't let you interact for long periods, and when it does you just do boring and pointless actions. Most of the time you only watch the character moving himself in a tedious sequence.Also, it has a prepotent air of a game that was supposed to be touching and very sensitive, with a constantly playing piano and a lonely boy as a the main character, but I didn't feel connected to the plot at any time.A Bird Story, that was supposed to be touching a lot a feelings, will only make you feel bored and, if much, angry for spending your money on it."
76561198028405830,Recommended,327410,12833280,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,LewSaber,"I have been close to tears before with other media but this is the first game that actually made me cry. While it'll only take an hour of your time, it's totally worth it."
,Not Recommended,327410,14122591,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Pharaoh Atem,"I'm not too sure how I feel about A Bird Story. I bought the game because the Developer pulled my heart-strings with his previous game, To The Moon.Unfortunately I had my hopes too high and was let down with this very short 1 hour story.To The Moon is exceptionally good in my opinion, and I highly recommend clicking on the developer in the sidebar and finding it, but A Bird Story simply didn't come close to drawing me in."
,Recommended,327410,15862200,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Angus,"Surprisingly well told story for something that only clocks in at a little over an hour of playtime. Definitely recommend checking this out for those who are fans of To The Moon, but be warned it is very slow and does not contain many actual ""video game elements"". Although I believe To The Moon is a much better investment this game is still great. 8.5/10"
76561198155378599,Recommended,327410,18052455,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,FlacidSnake,"What a beautiful and captivating game. There is not a single line of dialog but yet, we understand everything. The art direction, the music and the mood is spot on. This game will remind you of your childhood, how magical everything seemed to be and how lonely some of us were. Great game, I can't really find any flaws because it is perfect in it's own genre."
76561198001256816,Recommended,327410,13698451,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,spelchan,"This is a very slow paced game with more focus on story than on gameplay. What little gameplay there is, however, does a good job of helping the player get into the mood of the story making this a fairly immersive story. The story is obvious but is told well. This is a short (90 minutes if you take your time) game and the story may not appeal to everyone but if the game is on sale or part of a bundle it is well worth trying."
,Recommended,327410,12907977,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Aaron Baba,"A short, sweet experience that's worth every penny.Kan's pixel work is gorgeous, and his score will bring a tear to even the most cynical gamers eye.Can't wait for his next installment."
,Recommended,327410,18082067,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,yuvi3000,"I played To The Moon a couple times and even completed the first two Sigmund Minisodes recently. I was used to the RPG Maker style of the other Freebird Games releases (having fiddled around with RPG Maker many times) and knowing how much effort can go into just one scene, I was always pleasantly impressed with the attention to detail, use of interesting effects and animations and even the choice of scenery and tear-inducing music. All this apart from the actual fantastically detailed storylines of the games.So when I came to A Bird Story and saw some mixed emotions from the reviewers and audience, I was a little taken aback.Then I played it, and once again, I was pleasantly surprised and even more impressed with flawless RPG Maker effects and techniques I have never seen before.The developers and the description of the game have made it well-known that this is simply a whimsical short story that also serves as a prequel to their upcoming title ""Finding Paradise"" and is NOT to be portayed as a To The Moon sequel.I think that many users expected this and were not happy.However, after completing this, I have to say that once again, I curse Freebird Games for destroying any manly thoughts in my head (once again) and yet, I would definitely support them for the next game and the one after that.It is exactly what the name suggests. A simple story about a bird. I say relax, take an hour or two out of your day and lose yourself in this silly little adventure.Keep at it, Freebird!"
76561198073745436,Recommended,327410,12844584,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,danlei,"I've been waiting for this game for years and suddenly saw it here. It's a lot shorter than I had hoped for, considering how long it took to develop. Nonetheless, it's as emotional and moving as you would expect from Kan Gao.There's not much interactivity and the gameplay is superficial. This is a game you play for it's narrative and the feelings it invokes rather than gameplay.Music plays an important role in the game and every track suits the game really well.It's a good game to enjoy between the two To the Moon titles but don't expect this to be as epic as To the Moon."
,Recommended,327410,20314634,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,WarrEn,Right in the feels again ;_;
,Recommended,327410,13776313,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,StrongMouse,"I really like this. It was short and sweet.It didn't quite have the impact on me that To the Moon did, but it was nice to see Freebird Games putting something out. I can't wait for their next full length game."
,Recommended,327410,13730179,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,ron_tuex,"If you already played To the Moon, you should buy this. This game doesn't have dialogues but like To The Moon, it's very touching."
,Recommended,327410,13210941,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,ｎｏｔｈｉｎｇ,This game is beautiful. Can't wait for the next one Kan! Keep on making these perfect games
,Recommended,327410,13175308,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Posadon,"After watching 'To The Moon' I was so interested in a sequel. Its a been a long time since then, but this story was very relaxing and simple, a nice chill out game. Very different from To The Moon, but not in a bad way!8/10 Looking forward to Finding Paradise!"
,Recommended,327410,16432337,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,BeyondTheLimit,"This is such a well done game. It has a mix of happy moments, really sad moments, and a bit of funny moments. For a short game (1 hour length) it really satisfied me. The only problem is the fact that you cannot save. But great game! Like ""To The Moon"", I really enjoyed the story. Can't wait for the third game."
,Recommended,327410,16586827,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,SanchiaSnake,"With the premise that this is an experience, rather than a game, it is a heartfelt rollercoaster. Able to convey meaning in a lack of words in such a pure, beautiful way. Worth it."
,Recommended,327410,16753416,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Marcus @ Linux,"A wonderful interactive story. As with To The Moon the story is moving and very well narrated, though it is with ~2 hours way shorter than To The Moon and is also less interactive.As a teaser for the next game this is just perfect and makes hungry for more."
76561198013865579,Recommended,327410,16456636,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,nilen435,A nice little story that makes you feel good inthe end :).
,Recommended,327410,12976684,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Iwa.キタエリ,Kan Gao has outdone himself once again. The ending was beautiful! But this is only the teaser for the 2nd game! I can't wait for the sequel! #T_T incoming~
76561198061989504,Recommended,327410,16343458,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,birdiebyte,"I cried over a birdA Bird Story is a very simple game. It's a visual story told with no words that lasts about an hour. If you buy this game, be sure to know that its not game play heavy, and mostly involves the player moving the boy around everyonce in a while. I would highly reccomend it to anyone who has played To The Moon and enjoyed it. I hope you cry over a bird too."
76561198027865669,Recommended,327410,16541545,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,bobbersgobbers,A trip to the imagination of a boy's experience with a bird where he dreams of flying.  The visuals wonderfully transition the flow of reality and dream in combination with the music very similar to To The Moon beautifully.  Playing through the game will remind you of the times you had as a child daydreaming about the things you wish you could do.  This game will definitely require a revisit before playing the sequel to fully invest our desires to truly wish to fly once again.
,Recommended,327410,16223598,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Comrie,"If you like action, thrill of the ride games and mayhem; you may want to give this one a miss. Totally empty of any conversation or button mashing, A Bird Story is a delightful and short little interactive novel of a game that revolves around a young boy's imagination and a bird and how their friendship grows.Wistful and sweet. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,327410,13053352,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Yanagi_hime,"Nice and relaxing, simple adventure game. There's not much of a gameplay, so It's perfect if you want to spend an hour just pushing a few buttons and simply watching a story."
76561198033187977,Recommended,327410,13700864,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,ReptoRoamer,"I bought a bird story 66 minutes ago. They have been some of the most beautiful minutes of my life. A Bird Story is not a game, in that it doesn't provide you with an aim, or an enemy to overcome. It invites you to share in the dreams of a boy, and his only friend: a wounded bird. This is the first game (for want of a better word) I have ever played that has successfully conveyed both a story, and a truly touching character. There is no glorified murderer here, running around a small enclosure butchering those with slower reactions, nor is there a spurned plumber fighting his way to his royal girlfriend. There is simply a boy, a bird and all those that reject him. Many won't like it, but I hope those that do love it enough to overcome preconceived prejudices as to what a gaming experience should be like and can simply bask in the magic of the dream world, and its exquisite music, for single glorious hour. I have never before regretted buying something on sale, why oh why can't I pay more for this game?"
,Recommended,327410,12965594,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Ryvvn,"The developer of the astounding To The Moon once again expresses his beautifully unique style of storytelling in this simplistic, yet effective, and above all emotionally fulfilling tale."
76561198065444631,Recommended,327410,13766065,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,rambofeeki,"This short, interactive narrative was enjoyable for me.  This game doesn't have any dialog, but I thought the execution of the story was done very well.  I was a bit confused at first, but it helps to know that the story is told from the boy's perspective with his imagination overlaying reality.  I haven't played To the Moon, which is apparently a similar game from the same developers that was released before this one.  Therefore, I didn't have any expectations for A Bird Story to live up to the other."
,Recommended,327410,12974532,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Idanwin [SLUG],"This is the best of all walking simulators. It only allows you to walk up, down, left and right, but the setting is so wonderful that this flaw in a otherwise completely realistic walking simulator is quickly forgotten.A Bird Story, is a story about a bird, and a boy, and it is deeply emotional, it succeeded in making me go from laughing to crying and back to laughing in a few minutes. It has some amazing references to game and popular culture that are used in a way that fits Kan Gao's style perfectly.There is a trend going on in games journalism claiming that ""games should aspire to fulfill their artistic potential"" (never mind that the main purpose of games is entertainment, regardless of whether it is seen as art). Yet these same journalists fail to give games like To The Moon and A Bird Story the attention (and ratings) they deserve ... while giving Gone Home perfect 10's ... something seems wrong.The game is not as good as To The Moon, and it does not claim to be. It is a very different game, but it is still beautiful, and certainly worth the 4£ I paid."
,Recommended,327410,14716540,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Brenda,"This is not a game,This is a beautiful, compelling story about a boy and a bird, the music, like To The Moon is absolutely fantastic in every way, the story telling, although wordless is wonderful, I found myself in the position of the boy throughout the entire game, and I would heartily recommend it to anyone who can emotionally attach themselves to a character in a game.Thank you Kan for another supurb game."
,Recommended,327410,14721290,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,BasiukTV,"Better than many Hollywood movies I've seen.I'm sincerely glad bird is alright. Boy's parents, however, have to step up their game :)"
,Recommended,327410,14726134,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,LunarBrume,"Very sweet story. Peaceful, and at times- heartbreaking. But it left me happier than before I began. Thank you :)"
76561198078799525,Recommended,327410,14875594,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,shaggii,Kan Gao once again creates a beautiful masterpiece.
,Recommended,327410,13694476,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Waluigi Main™,"'A Bird Story'When compared with  To The Moon, it's not much to look at, it's a short, yet sweet and touching story.There is no dialogue, yet the story is understandable, just using the senses and emotions and that is something I enjoyed from this game. This was definetely a worthwhile buy, however the game itself is so short I don't feel it is worth the asking price. However if it is ever -40% or greater I would highly suggest you buy this game, and won't be disappointed with what you get out of it.Overall I really loved the game and for just being a small preview I look forward to the following completion and am curious to see how it evolves.Lastly the soundtrack from this small game is lovely and I really enjoyed it, take a moment to listen while you enjoy the adventure."
,Recommended,327410,13712951,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,salxicha,"This isn't really a game but a history telling where you participate, this is the only thing you have to consider before performing your purchase which I totally recommend (think on this one like buying a movie ticket).One of the best emotional experiencies I had with a game and the soundtrack is awesome.Would fly again - 10/10"
76561197970642734,Recommended,327410,12907740,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Arbee_73,"A terrific little slice of storytelling, almost like an extended-length demoscene production for those familiar with that sort of thing.  The few interactive sections help keep you on your toes.  As far as I could tell there's no way to mess up when you're in control, so no anxiety there.  My only real complaint?  The pixel art's functional, but a story like this deserves high-def hand-drawn artwork to match the quality of the beautiful piano soundtrack and the great story."
76561198063390874,Recommended,327410,12850139,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,That Greek Guy,Very fun short game and it surprises me how great the story was unfold without dialogue. Can't wait for Kao's next project which is episode 2!
,Recommended,327410,12895041,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Luhl,"Thanks for gently breaking my heart again, Freebird Games."
,Recommended,327410,13002108,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,MacFierce,This was a beautiful game. Very cute and whimsical and evoked emotions that are relatable with everyday situations... I would strongly suggest it!
,Recommended,327410,13003185,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Jakey Poo™,"For a game that includes no dailogue, you'd be surrpised at how well it pulls at your heartstrings. Game is linear and very short as its only purpose really is to tell a story. I was skeptical at first but by the end of this playthrough I was in tears.If you are looking for something with substance and replayability this game is not for you. For an hours worth of content at 5 bucks this may understandably deter a lot of gamers. For those of you who like a good story and don't mind spending a little more, then I definitely recommend you play this."
,Recommended,327410,12942588,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Jenpoui,"Made me cry and I'm made of stone, so yeah a good game."
76561198123757649,Recommended,327410,12857290,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,CuriousCat-13,"When I played ""To The Moon"", I was blown away by everything it had to offer. After playing ""A Bird Story"", I found it just as enjoyable. Even if there wasn't any dialogue, it was a great story and adventure to fly into. It had just enough emotion put into it to make me cry. Yes, this game might make you cry during some of the emotional moments, but that's what makes it amazing. The fact that you can feel something while playing this game SHOULD mean something. I highly reccomend this game to anyone who played ""To The Moon"" or enjoys playing an Indie game that works in a similar style. It may be only about an hour long, but it was a satisfying hour. I enjoyed every minute of it."
,Recommended,327410,16637693,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,「Lonkmeister」,A gripping tale completely void of dialogue.
76561198116175145,Recommended,327410,24067350,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,ElizaJane,"Cute short game that teaches you important life lessons like the square root of 1764 = cat, vets have good things, but are evil cage loving monsters and that you can in fact teach you bird to play fetch. It has some touching moments for anyone who use to find little animals outside while playing and took it home asking to keep it and the connection that a kid can have with an animal. It is very short and simple to play, but cute. Also an easy 100%er since the only objective is to finish the story. Would recomend on sale."
,Recommended,327410,24128708,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,"ĤΨ(x, y, z) = EΨ(x, y, z)","A Bird Story is a ""game"" that focuses on non-verbal language. There are many ways to tell a story, but most of the games are based on text. The game ambiance is very rich, mixing beautiful music with beautiful scenery. Your task though, is just to sit and watch. If you're looking for a game to play, explore, do things, etc., you might get frustrated with A Bird Story. For me, that's not actually a con, (as follow the description, it's aninteractive animation).If you're not bothered enjoying a short sentimental animation, this game is for you, but don't expect something like ""To the Moon""."
,Recommended,327410,24252660,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,desertkona,Ok if you want to get story more deep than To The Moon. this is game can't do that.But if you want to find almost same atmosphere try this. WORTH IT
,Recommended,327410,13883196,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Halflight,"A Bird Story is a brief interactive story about a lone child saving and befriending a bird from the same developers of To the Moon.One thing that you must get as soon as possible is that this game isn't a proper sequel to To the Moon: think of this title has just a taste of the things to come (as to say, the proper second episode of the series, Finding Paradise). A Bird Story is therefore a lot shorter (roughly one and half an hour of gameplay), features no dialogues whatsoever and is far less tasking from the player (you are rarely asked to move the protagonist around for more than two minutes between scenarios).On a brighter side, A Bird Story's locations are far more complex and dreamy than the ones from To the Moon.To sum things up, A Bird Story is just a little gem from Freebird Games to display once again their great writing abilities. Keep this in mind and don't expect anything else (or longer) before the release of Finding Paradise"
76561198062188853,Recommended,327410,19027102,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,RoboRob,"It was really good. Like the description says it's a 1 hour visual novel and it is exactly that. steeped in surealism, this is an endering experience. Two issues: 1) there is no v-sync option so you'll just have to live with the crease in the screen and 2) for how little gameplay there actually was, they might as well not had any. If all you're going to let me do is move the charater 5 feet once every five minutes, and do litteraly everything else yourself, you might as well have done everything, Freebird Games.Otherwise I liked it and am looking forward to your next game."
76561198013741629,Recommended,327410,23907977,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Radiofloyd90,"A lovely wordless story that will pull on the heartstrings, and whet the appetite for Finding Paradise!"
76561198054162050,Recommended,327410,24023538,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,GODevil,What can I say?For a game that you don't really do much I was mesmerized to the screen (and this coming from a guy with ADHD).Absolutly stunning game and a beautiful soundtrack.They don't make games like that anymore...And the best thing?The game cost less than a bottle of Coke! (although I would have payed even 20$ for it).I really loved it (in the short 1 hour and 16 minutes I played it).Play it!
,Recommended,327410,13620940,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Lexiberry,"I thought this game was brilliant. I am gonna play through it again soon, because the music is just so well done. I am also excited for the next game this developer is going to make. The artwork is also well done in this game and makes me want to start drawing again.Now if you are expecting it to be a long game, then dont get it. The description for this games says; ""A simple & surreal 1-hour short"" so clearly its not going to be as long as To The Moon.There isn't going to be dialogue in this one either, which is nice because to me, it feels like it would have been ruined. The music is literally telling the story, the music is intense at times, smooth, or just funny. You will see what I mean if you play it.This game is literally like an old black and white silent movie, just without the screen change from the action to the dialogue of what the actress/actor is saying and the game is in color. The music, just like in a silent movie, is what is developing the scene. So if you don't like the fact of that, then don't get the game."
,Recommended,327410,21099795,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Yeee...,its about friendship.nice BGM and good story with little humor inside.11/10
,Recommended,327410,20982431,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,f r a n k,"Heartwarming and sweet, A Bird Story is more like a short film than a video game. Nonetheless, it provides a charming experience all without dialogue.Well written. Beautifully composed. I finished A Bird Story and was completely charmed."
,Recommended,327410,13796489,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,EternalGamer,"A Bird's Story is less of a game and more of an interactive short story.  But anyone who has played To The Moon, the creator's previous work, knows that this is not necessarily grounds for criticism.   Any fan of classic 16bit Japanese RPGs could tell you that simpler graphics, animations and musical phrases, when used correctly, take on a metaphoric quality that can be more effective at communicating concepts and emotions than the most detailed scripts, character models, animations, and fully orchestrated scores ever could.This is a director who demonstrates not only an understanding of this type of restraint, but a mastery of its employment.  Here, as in To the Moon, Kan Gao is able to get a lot of mileage out of lovingly drawn 16 bit pixel art and a beautiful miminalistic piano score.A Bird's Story is a much simpler narrative than To The Moon, but it is no less elegant.  It is a deeply sentimental story, but also one with restraint, two characteristics rarely found in the same work.  The entire story is told, quite effectively, without a single word and the ending hints that this narrative serves as a small teaser for the creator's next big project, something undoubtedly to be anticipated.  But in the meantime, if you have an hour and a couple of bucks to spare, this is beautfully rendered little story.  Nothing pretentious enough to pretend profundity, just a lot of heart and beautiful craftsmenship. 4/5"
76561197960385255,Recommended,327410,19723676,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,[GA] Beharrt {mpb},"This is a beautiful story that uses a few game mechanics (walk here, push use button, tap keys) to help tell the story.  Some actions are repetative but I realized that this was begining to draw me into the world the developers created.  You, as the player/protagonist, perform actions that cause the next part of the story happen.  The music score and art style combine to create very real world that I enjoyed exploring.   I bought this on a  whim  and forgot I had it.   I should have played it sooner."
,Recommended,327410,16284317,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,AwCmonPuddin,"A short but sweet interactive story.It would not be fair to compare it to To the Moon since they are two different stories just made by the same developer.It has little interaction but a great soundtrack and heartwarming story.Without giving any spoilers, it is about a little boy who finds an injured bird, and their adventure together.I really enjoyed this game, I just wish it was longer."
,Recommended,327410,21592390,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Trickster and Spoops,"First Free Bird took us To the Moon and now they take us a little closer to home with a Bird Story.A Bird Story takes its place in the Sigmund corp. timeline as a prelude to the sequel to To The Moon. It follows a young boy in an unidentified urban setting who clearly feels alone and estranged from other kids. He eventually rescues a bird from a predator and places it in his backpack, carrying the bird home to nurse it back to health on his back porch. From there the story follows the emotional journey of this Young Boy as he tries to find the bird’s place in and world and struggles with what could happen. Despite the lack of more then archetypal characters the story has, it’s extremely endearing.  The young boy, as the only dynamic character, cycles through emotions of depression and joy as well as love and pain. The story is sympathetic to his emotions. The reactions of nature will change with his joys and his pain. In short we have a character driven story with a young boy we can greatly relate to and other static character built to draw out his reactions. In the end it’s a tearjerker of a story and certainly worth experiencing. The presentation of A Bird Story is very similar to its predecessor in that it keeps the 16 bit art style. Once again this is used excellently to connect the two stories together in the same universe and the art style itself is very quaint. It’s not the most realistic or the most dynamic but there is something about it that’s endearing all the same. The weird hand drawn cut scenes are also gone which leads me to believe that the developer has realized their limitations within A Bird Story which goes a long way to strengthening the piece as a whole. As far as game play goes….well there isn’t any. The game acts more as an interactive short story then as a game. The few challenges that are present are “jump here” or “move here”. These do enhance the story by making the player step into the shoes of the character, but they are gimmicks which don’t really affect the overall game. In the end we simply have to realize that A Bird Story is something more akin to an interactive book than a video game. Sound design is where this game thrives. The OST is extremely memorable because each track connects to a certain instance in the story where the emotions are elevated. Not to mention the instrumentalists put together just beautiful music. The sound effects and cues are well timed and have a level of depth to them. When your skipping through puddles or flying over the city skyline the sound effects help ensure you believe it. Everything feels homey and inviting until the main character feels fear or foreboding. During these moments the OST is haunting. Honestly buy the soundtrack edition of this game, it’s amazing. So then does A Bird Story succeed? Let’s look at the summary.Pros:-Memorable OST-Engaging use of SFX-Emotional and relatable story-Extremely well developed main character-Visuals are quaint-No more weird cut scenes-Emotional replay valueCons:-Little to no game playFor you completionists out there, this game is not much of a challenge. By that I mean there is no challenge at all. A Bird Story is completed simply by playing the very short game. Upon finishing the story you will receive the only achievement. So of course, there is no completion bonus.  With that in mind I give this game a rating of 8.5/10 and a completionist rating of Finicomplete it!"
,Recommended,327410,19323746,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Roopoo,"Another cute little story from the creators of To the Moon.Linear, with mini cutscenes as you progress.Graphically on par with the retro feel.As always, the plot is unusually refreshing and undeniably adorable.Can easily be completed in about 1 hour 20 mins, but definitely worth your time."
,Recommended,327410,12890628,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,ASH+Vocaholic,A story that's even shorter than 'To the Moon' yet just as charming without ever showing a single word or dialogue. Cute and simple accompanied by lovely music that compliments the game and sets the mood very well. Though I wouldn't rank it as high as 'To the Moon' it's really a nice light-hearted story to read/view in between.9.5/10 - Bird is the word.
,Recommended,327410,20078521,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,taioni,"Short, beautiful and really simple.Never thought that a game without dialogues would make me so emotional and tell a beautiful story <3Nice game as always Freebird!"
,Recommended,327410,17033274,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,PandArchon,"First off, if you haven't played To the Moon, go do so right now. Secondly, if you are expecting this game to be like that one, it's not. A Bird Story is far shorter, has zero dialogue, and much less interaction than To the Moon. With all that said, I don't think that's a bad thing. To the Moon and A Bird Story are two completely different experiences and the choices the developer made for each makes complete sense. Once again, the music is absolutely amazing and I'll definitely be listening to the songs again on my own. It may only be a bit over an hour, but I am glad I ""played"" it and I'm more than looking forward to the next game."
76561197960830998,Recommended,327410,29012334,Posted: 4 January,all,-=DVF=-De-Guvnor,"Ok let's be clear from the start :As a GAME - 2/10 (good graphics for pixel art and great sound - no real gameplay).As a piece of DIGITAL ART - 9/10.I recommend this greatly - I only bought it as I enjoyed to the moon so much and wanted to support the developer ; I read the caveat / explanation from the creator also.I thought this was executed perfectly, a brilliant soundtrack, very charismatic art style and main character - were used to great effect with zero narrative , to tell a charming story that worked perfectly on me!After finishing this title I was amazed at how much emotional response can be triggered by a work like this.Would greatly recommend for anyone with an interest in sentimental storytelling, or as a lesson for future storytellers to gain experience of how to craft a great work of storytelling."
76561198044349878,Recommended,327410,33085032,Posted: 1 July,all,◘HenneGood◘  ♪(OvO)♥,"Oh my Bird! ;D nice Job Guys i was really Emotional while Playing that game its a Shortgameand NOT just made with the RPG Maker! And i really felt Feelings like Cuteness , Love and i Cried alot of Tears for about 4 Minutes :D <3. (when you are on Testosterone you will probably not feel that much and if you are a Psychopath or Sociopath aswell.) For everyone Else ecspecially played in the Dark at Night i highly Recommend this Game. :) nice Sprite-Animations Btw. :>♪"
,Recommended,327410,33086295,Posted: 1 July,all,Vysil's Kitten,"Gosh where do I even begin. I've always been a fan of Freebird Games and this game is just as emotional as their other games.The story is short, simple and sweet. It's a story that many of us have personally gone through with our pets like I did. To find your best friend, to grow attached to them and to ultimately have to say goodbye to them. This game made that happen in the most artistic way a pixel game could. The soundtrack beautifully blended with the overall mood and though there were a few moment where I thought the game had turned into Horror, those were few and far in between and did not detract from the general plot.I highly recommend this game for people who have ever had to say goodbye to their best friend."
,Recommended,327410,33125188,Posted: 2 July,all,Croof046,"I can recommend this only because I wasn't feeling well when I played it and it acted as a superior sleep aid to anything else I had tried. Insomniacs, people suffering from sleep apnoea or parents with kids sleeping in their beds, this product is for you!"
76561198141926275,Recommended,327410,33094625,Posted: 1 July,all,DevilGirl,"This is just...wow.Have to admit I didn't expect that much. Definitely buy this when it is on sale and enjoy about 1 hour of calming, relaxing but still emotional gameplay. Music is beautiful, story and artwork as well.I as well understand the critics about this game. This is not about action, or even much interaction. You just flow along with the game, but for me this is fine."
,Recommended,327410,18260527,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Zetsubou_Theam,Hatoful Girlfriend - the video game.
76561198021811520,Recommended,327410,33437434,Posted: 10 July,all,X3N,Tale about childhood. Tale about friendship. Tale about growing up. Name speaks for itself.
76561198070038302,Recommended,327410,16820110,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Pico Nico,"This game is a gem. Not many people try and create works of art like this game. This game isnt for the gameplay, its for the story. Im having a hard time reviewing this game without giving too much details away. Let me say this, while you play this game, look at the main character, look at his age, how he sees things, and the method that the developers portray his actions and intentions. This game, along with to the moon, are some of my favorite stories in games, even if its a simple tale, thus there is A Bird Story.If you are reading reviews for this game to decide if you should buy it or not, i recommend it. Watching somebody else play it may be decent, but to get the whole experience you should definitly buy it for yourself and play it. If you are on the fence, this game is one of the few games that makes me truly happy to play it. Please check it out.Edit: Also if you have the extra cash, i HIGHLY recommend buying the soundtrack with it. Its a very ambiant track that really just makes me happy."
,Recommended,327410,30787746,Posted: 28 March,all,재수생,Quiet and touching!
,Recommended,327410,29018112,Posted: 4 January,all,Pen-Pen,"A short but charming, emotional story about a boy and a bird. Didn't need a single line of dialogue to touch me!"
,Recommended,327410,19914855,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Soponyai,"A lovely story of an introverted boy with a vivid imagination who makes friends with a bird. Great soundtrack, as well. Pick it up on a deal."
,Recommended,327410,14817073,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,zxxkid,"(This has a little bit of spoiler)♥♥♥♥ing ninjas cutting onionsNow being serious this game is fantastic , it's great you should definitively buy it , time doesn't matter because you can win it in an hour .It's a short game but damn it hits you right in the feels , well if you know how it's to lost a pet that you loved.I recommend it to everyone , but well it's your choice if you want to buy it"
,Recommended,327410,12851141,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Adum Reb,"The game was great, despite being relatively short. But for such a low price it is nothing more than fair. The creators did a great job alternating on how the enviroment changes as you progress through the story, and how the boys imagination changes the world around him. 10/10, will replay again."
,Recommended,327410,14397580,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,evilmaster,"Absolutely wonderful storytelling! If you liked To The Moon you'll definately appreciate this ""visual novel"" too. Recommended!"
,Recommended,327410,32959967,Posted: 28 June,all,reds needs meds,"a cute, 90-minute story with breathtaking music and OK visuals from the creators of To The Moonthis game apparently has tie-ins with a future game from the company and possibly with the previous one so don't miss it, it's really cheap and made with care and purpose"
,Recommended,327410,14412615,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,The Fool In A Man's Shoes ✓,"This ""game"" is getting me hyped for ""Finding Paradise"" as this ""game"" made me develop a lotdeepof lingering questions about the story.Does this kid have any parents?Why is he allowed to live on his own in an apartment, with a hanging terrance?Does this kid have any friends besides the bird?Does the bird an illusion that just symbolizes his whole life (I don't think the bird is real, just a figure of his imagination because how can a fat chubby boy fly on this small bird)?Who is the strange man who follows him into the elevator?Why isn't he doing anything about the potential pedo?Will we see this guy having a life when we examine his whole life in ""Finding Paradise""?-Ambiguous ""game"" = 8/10-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Unneeded Freebird Games RankingsGameScoreTo The Moon+9000/10A Bird Story8/10FInding Paradise?"
,Recommended,327410,15260547,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,bexidot,"This game (or story, I should say) is great. Short, yes, but considering it's $5 that's hardly an issue.I WOULD suggest playing To the Moon though. I feel as if it may offer some amount of clarity to some people about this game, but that's just my opinion.I'm not saying that A Bird Story alone isn't a great game. The storytelling is amazing considering there's no dialogue but you still understand what the characters are 'saying'. And the bird is really cute, but I love cute things.Once again Kan Reives Gao has hit me right in the feels, I don't know how he does it, but he does."
,Recommended,327410,13131015,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Kryptix,"This game, as well as To the Moon, has made me a big fan of this development studio.  This is a great piece of interactive story telling.  I've never played a game where such a deep story can be told without text or words.  While it's a short story, it's well worth the money to me.  I highly recommend everyone giving it a go."
,Recommended,327410,13101132,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Aeri,Never in my life would I think birds would make me cry but here I am crying
,Recommended,327410,12853859,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Wolf,"I am surprised yet again with what can be accomplished through storytelling; A Bird Story weaves stunning artwork with breathtaking music (I'd argue that it surpasses even To The Moon in both regards) to create a heartwarming tale without the distraction of dialogue.  Kan Gao has done it again, and I have high hopes for his next story."
76561198086331174,Recommended,327410,16325045,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Braden,"My reason for buying this game was for the achievement. However after now playing this interactive novel I can honestly say it is a brilliant pick up from the steam store.It may be a short game, but it captures the players feels with a tight grasp. I highly reccommend to anyone."
,Recommended,327410,19755483,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Carv,"I love the story, I adore every aspect of it. A very good smooth game to play if you want a story to interact with. You may think it isn't your kind of game because of the graphics, but as you get into it, it wouldn't matter in the end."
,Recommended,327410,20179519,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,paulo.ferraz.oliveira,"What's the game about?A lonely kid, that has no brothers or sisters, and apparently no other family because his (her?) house is always empty, finds a bird and they become friends and then go fly and stuff.General feeling after finishing?It's always an incredible feeling when I reach the end of a game and feel very emotionally attached to it. This is a tale about friendship most of all, and about helping one another: the kid, emotionally, the bird, physically.Story?Story is basically all that matters here, as there are no action-packed scenes, scores, enemies or anything like that. It's just you and the world and bird. It's well written enough to keep you playing for the short time it lasts (I wished it lasted more, but it's just about 2.5 hours long).Gameplay?There's not much to it, actually. You move in a 2D world (with that impossible perspective) and interact with some objects but mainly what drives the action is the moving around and finding things. I don't remember if you actually control the bird, but that's not really important.Graphics?Very simple 2D (low bit rate) stuff, but enough to keep you interested. Again, it's about the story (look at the title) not about the graphics.Sound & Music?Sound design is awesome and the music is dreamy and top notch. Since there are (if I remember correctly) no words in the story, after the general feeling and visuals, the music and sound have to be the most important factor for you to be pleased. And they are!Replayability?I would, in a few months, just to have enough time to almost forget it but not that much time to forget how good it was."
76561197997715950,Recommended,327410,20345597,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Ecco,had a great time. Exactly what i expected and look forward to future games from this dev.
,Recommended,327410,29261244,Posted: 14 January,all,Flexit PC BROKE,Slow gameplay but good story :) And very emotional
,Recommended,327410,24147909,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,ExaminedLife,The feels are real.PS. Don't play the game high.
,Recommended,327410,26408631,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,KATO,Liked it.  Loved the artwork and the music.
,Recommended,327410,26699527,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Nautiluus,"This game has heart. The art is beautiful, the soundtrack is beautiful, and, most importantly, the message is beautiful.  I cannot explain what you will feel or what you will take from it but I can say it will change you for the better. Just go in with an open mind and be receptive to what is being conveyed here.As a microcosm of life, we knew how it would start and how it would end. We stayed for the journey. Oh what a journey. Thank you for making this game, Dev.10/10"
,Recommended,327410,12834547,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,nrubin29,"To The Moon is my favorite game of all time. Naturally, I have been impatiently awaiting A Bird Story. As always, the music is absolutely beautiful. I think the disclusion of dialogue fits the story well; the dialogue would be unnecessary. To The Moon is still my favorite game, but I can't wait to see the future of the protagonist in the sequel. Buy the game and sountrack bundle and sit down for an hour of awesome."
,Recommended,327410,12841633,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Queen Pingu,"A bird story is such a lovely little story and great prequel to 'to the moon' as we get to explore yet another of Johnny's memories.In this case just the one, befriending an injured bird.It really is the simple things such as this that we can all relate to that make this game so special, it brings you to appreciate all the small moments in life that we tend to take for granted such as sharing an ice cream cone or playing in the rain and brings so much more meaning to them.Even without the use of dialogue and with very little gameplay, Kan manages to share a beautiful and touching story so effortlessly, alot of this attributed by the soundtrack which really does play a key part in bringing both the characters and so much of the feeling behind every scene.Most definitely worth playing. Short and sweet, and oh so amazing."
,Recommended,327410,17234135,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Noff,Warning: Feels inbound.
76561197998178631,Recommended,327410,33676549,Posted: 20 July,all,AtOnYcK,"This game in one word:Charming.I appear to be one of the few people who hasn't played To the Moon, so I can look at it with a fresh pair of eyes, not compairing it to the other one.Generally, I don't like 'this type of game': a pixely 2D RPG-ish short with few possibilities. IMO the biggest downside of this game is the limited amount of actual gameplay. Most of it is animations, telling the story for you. Often I asked myself aloud 'do I get to play this movie, or...?'But, the upsides! The artstyle is cute and reminded me of Braid and the music of Spirited Away. What grabbed my attention nearly immediately was the humour. How well the surreal visual comedy was implemented caught me by surprise and made me laugh out loud multiple times. The lack of dialogue doesn't bother me, on the contrary: I think that a story told through visuals and body language makes it way more creative, fun and personal.I played it alone in the evening in a crappy mood, but this game made me smile a lot and by the end I just felt happy, and that is all that matters to me.I would say, 4 dollars is a bit overpriced for people who don't expect much anyway, but it is definitely worth checking out during a sale. (Final thought: I wish the game allowed me to take screenshots, it has some beautiful moments)"
,Recommended,327410,20140241,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,tustin2121,"A beautiful story of a young latchkey boy told using absolutely no text whatsoever, only through wonderful pixel animation and simple gameplay.My favorite subtle thing is the first time you enter the playground contrasted with the last time. Something so simple as whether people block your way can make profound statements about the situation."
,Recommended,327410,20165851,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Cyradis314,"A cute and sweet little game, but had even less ""game"" aspect than To The Moon which I adored. It is an easy ""perfect game"", it was short and generically enjoyable. Get if it is on sale and you want a relaxing evening."
,Recommended,327410,29266362,Posted: 14 January,all,Scissors61,"Impressed by how a short a sweet story can be told in little time, and with zero instructions, dialouge, narration and whatnot. Everything is told through the great music and the pixelated emotes of the character and bird.  Its a feat! The pixel art is nicely done. Not worth the asking price however, so only pick this up during a good sale, or if you spot it in a bundle."
,Recommended,327410,29347464,Posted: 18 January,all,Dav,"Although it wasn't as great or well thought out as To The Moon, it still comes through with some great moments, music, and visuals that kept me playing it all the way through. The story was overall pretty generic and uninteresting, but the character interaction was well executed."
,Recommended,327410,29410155,Posted: 21 January,all,<Kl0n[d1k]E> ߷,"Shorter than To The Moon (as written in the game's description, this is more of an hour-long interactive animation than anything resembling a game), so know what you're getting yourself in for if you buy this.Did actually make me feel something emotionally though, so it's definitely better than To The Moon.Spoilers ahead:Plot is as follows: kid is lonely and ostracised, kid makes friend, kid later has to say goodbye to friend, then hint at next SigmundCorp game (Finding Paradise). Can't wait."
,Recommended,327410,14638021,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,[...] Warspite,"After just playing through this game, I find myself unsure if I would even call it that.A bird story isn't so much a game as it is an experience, something I was unsure about if it would be worth my time / money. In the end I think it was worth it, even if there is only just oven an hours worth of content. The low-ish price, beautifull art / soundtrack, and ofcourse the story, justify the choice for me.I was sceptical when I heard that this was a narrative game, without dialogue. But Kan Gao (creator) somehow pulled if off, and more.So, if you don't like the idea of a game without gameplay, this sadly won't be a game for you.But if you, on the other hand, enjoy a well told story, accompanied by calming music, I can wholeheartedly recommend this piece of art."
,Recommended,327410,12914445,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Spider3,"5$. 1 hour of game. A waterfall of emotional tears.This game is a little pearl, same for To The moon. It's amazing how you manage with a few pixels to release such an intense emotional gaming experience. Thank you <3"
76561198154912826,Recommended,327410,20362191,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,ADRNTESPDR,"After falling in love with To the Moon, I immediately looked up A Bird Story as it's from the same creator. However, I didn't buy it until recently due to the game's underwhelming length. I waited until the time and price was right. That being said, I still highly recommend buying A Bird Story full-price if you enjoyed To the Moon--I regret waiting for a price cut myself. We need to support the creator (I forget his name) in his love for story telling because he is insanely great at it. The game on its own isn't really worth the full price, I'm sad to say.It only lasts an hour, which doesn't give the player enough time with the characters and story.  I appreciate that this is just a set up for the next game, but I can't help longing for more time with this adorable story of a boy and a wild bird he befriends. If the next instalment follows up on A Bird Story, then I will be delighted. It's still a great story even if we don't get enough time to appreciate it. Just like To the Moon, it made me smile, chuckle and a little sad. It most of all made me  feel sentimental. Thinking back to my childhood I easily related with the boy we play as. That's probably why I wish for more. A Bird Story feels almost entirely cinematic--even more so than To the Moon, which isn't a bad thing at all. Considering my only complaint is that I wish there was more of it and that I had spent more of my money to play it, I can't help but recommend A Bird Story. If you appreciate the storytelling, soundtrack and sentimentality of To the Moon, then you will most certainly appreciate what this game accomplishes. Now I just have to wait for another instalment."
,Recommended,327410,13602393,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,azgoth2,"If you're looking at this game because you played To the Moon, be warned: you won't get the same level of experience, in all likelihood. This is not to speak ill of A Bird Story--it's a fantastic experience.  The story is wonderful, though it can feel a bit slow and rocky until the last ten or fifteen minutes, where it all wraps up with some amazing scenes.The story itself is very fanciful at times, and it can be difficult to separate reality from whimsy and imagination, as they blend together at many points.  Further, the story is told completely without words, which is an interesting choice that I think pays off.  Everything is told through interactions and setting, and you get to peice together whatever sort of stories you want about some parts.My only complaint about this game is that the transitions from gameplay to ""cutscene"" are not always clear.  Conrol is given and taken away from the player in such a way that is ocasionally annoying or odd, but it never bothered me enough to take me out of the story.Definitely buy this (and the soundtrack, which is, as usual for Kan Gao, absolutely wonderful) if you liked To the Moon, or if you just want an interesting and at times touching story.  I highly recommend this game to everyone."
,Recommended,327410,12936379,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,dfuson,A cute little story about a boy bonding with a wounded bird. A great piano score helps sell the feel good nature of this game. A Bird Story is a quick but quality set up for the next To The Moon game.
76561197999752546,Recommended,327410,12942583,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Thaylore,He has done it yet again. Simply Amazing.
,Recommended,327410,33839398,Posted: 27 July,all,Marsy,"I shall say that in the beginning I was skeptical since it was no dialog or anything, but this game show that a dialog isn't needed. Was also comparing it a bit with To the moon, Both games are good in many ways and it is wrong to compare them. This is a lovely story worth playing."
76561198080659057,Recommended,327410,19590482,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,=(WwO)=Pape,Cool story bro.-1 achievement in 1.5 hours.
,Recommended,327410,16688237,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,shiaakuma,"I picked this up on a whim after playing ""To the Moon"" knowing it was from the same creator, and since I dearly loved ""To the Moon"" I figured it would be worth it.  I went into it not really knowing anything about it, just with the assumption that it would be wonderful.  I was completely correct.This is short, meant to be played in one sitting taking about an hour to finish.  There is no dialogue and minimal ""gameplay"" in the traditional sense; it is more of an interactive story.  I'll leave off any information about the story itself other than ""it's totally worth it"" because I think it's better to go into any story-driven experience without pre-knowledge.It is surprisingly emotional for a short story, with moments of hilarious and moments of heartbreak.  Without a single spoken word, you really get invested into this little boy's situation.Music is, as I would also expect, STELLAR.  As in ""To the Moon"" the music is perfectly suited to the story.All in all, I'm pleased I picked this up and anxiously await their next release.  10/10 would cry over birds again."
,Recommended,327410,13047455,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Olaf,When I first played this it felt like LSD Simulator but its actually a really great and sad story about a boy that has a wild imagination and a passion for flying and a bird with a broken wing... I think. Anyway overall its a great game with AMAZING music I highly recommend it! :D
,Recommended,327410,13044916,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Denocan,I am looking forward the next game.  It is a little short(1-2 hours) but touching game.
76561197995142404,Recommended,327410,24147745,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Sarxis,A delightful and endearing story!10/10 would neglect my kid again!
,Recommended,327410,15444336,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,𝔹𝕃𝕌𝔼,"I love the interaction. I love the artwork, I love the story. Everything about this game I loved, and nothing more.Thank you so much, man. Cheers."
,Recommended,327410,34149104,Posted: 10 August,all,Mercury,"If you played To the Moon and are anticipating Finding Paradise play this game in between,  it'll keep you occupied with Kan Gao games"
,Recommended,327410,23945305,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Amber,"I loved this. Probably because I have a rescue bird myself, and my life from early childhood has been devoted to rescuing and recuperating animals. I can see my own little rescue bird in so much of this story. I don't know if someone at Freebird Games has rescued a bird but they've essentially nailed the experience.The story is simple, touching, and beautifully illustrated. The music complements the two wonderfully, especially the night the kid fell asleep at his desk and woke up tired the next morning :D Very cute.I would definitely suggest this to any fan of interactive stories, or even just good short stories in general.As for the ratings, like so many interactive stories on Steam, it receives many unjust thumb down votes for ""lack of game"" when things of this nature were never really intended to be a ""game"" to begin with. If you are looking for a game with choices and loot, and other things full fledged games have, this is not the story for you."
76561198061758804,Recommended,327410,19432989,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Serbian Volunteer,"A very short story, but the emotions that it evokes, sometimes can not even give the largest and most thoughtful story. Kan Gao could re-create the creation, the scale of which depends only on our imagination"
,Recommended,327410,13714588,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,植物人大帝,too short.great story.no concentrate.
76561198106433874,Recommended,327410,13659664,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Nathan,"I took care of an injured bird when I was younger, so this really hit me close to home. A lot of smiles, and a few tears. This magical realist story is both charming and heartfelt. Even with the few actual interactions you make throughout the game, the immersive, whimsical atmosphere was enough for me to feel enchanted by this world."
,Recommended,327410,14596887,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Miku,"This game is not like To the Moon but rather a different one. I really liked the game even though there's no dialogues. I'm confused that some players said that its plain, boring, and all but this game affects you as a person through what  emotions you've been through. The more you experience emotion, the more this game affects you.Actually the story tells about how marvelous us human beings are that even small things ,such as the bird, we give special meanings into it. I know everyone has a special thing in their lives that even up until now maybe it is still in your pocket.For me this game hit the bottom of my heart, I'd like to give it 11/10.If you have experienced saving a bird and actually save its life, I salute you for I was given the opportunity to save a bird's life and I failed.I recommend this game to everyone with a simple understanding that love isn't just about two people sharing experiences and emotions together but it's about how we give meaning to our lives in every second, in every minute, in every hour and in every day.+ Animal Lovers (especially a Bird Person) please do play this game :')PS: This game is Literally the Company's name ""Free Bird"""
76561198251777642,Recommended,327410,28160228,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Looking4Misteria,"A short little game with amazing calm music that I now listen to for hours at a time because of how relaxing it sounds and feels. This game is sweet, short and really pulls at your heart in may places. Takes about an hour to complete but the music is there for you to listen to forever :DWould play again x"
76561198031673076,Recommended,327410,23895778,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Flisu_7,A great story about friendship and hope. It's just beautiful!
76561198010562101,Recommended,327410,32880908,Posted: 27 June,all,Synnøve Solbakken,"Cute little game, with no dialog or text. Just visual and audio to tell the story.If you like To the moon this is a nice prequel to the next game in the series."
,Recommended,327410,15928043,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,SadPepeMeister,Short but sweet!
,Recommended,327410,29573047,Posted: 29 January,all,TrueKnight,"Buy this game on sale and enjoy the ride. It is a short (a little over an hour) interactive movie but cute and enjoyable. My time will show longer than that because I pausued and walked a way a couple of times. The ending shows a future game coming called...""Finding Paradise""which is a sequel or 2nd episode to ""The The Moon"".Even though the game is very short in length, one playthrough will get you all the Steam cards.Minor quibble is the resolution settings are fairly low and you can't change any settings other than hitting Alt+Enter to go into window mode. When you're running 3440x1440 that window is pretty darn tiny."
,Recommended,327410,29954670,Posted: 15 February,all,Jeath (Spoon Ninja),A short interactive story about a lonely boy feeling isolated from the world until he comes across an injured bird and how that fills the isolation in his life. The game is pleasant enough as is the music. It's rather short and can be completed by all accounts in about an hour. The gameplay is very simple and I had no problems using an xbox 360 controller.An enjoyable game to journey throught but dosn't really have any replay value  as the story is linear.
,Recommended,327410,13695583,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,zwartho,*the feels
,Recommended,327410,13700157,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,[SF]busta,"This game was advertised as a short story without any dialogue and barely any gameplay, and that is exactly what you will get.  It gets that fdone very well. Its easy to get immersed in the story specifically because there isnt any dialogue, you start to notice all the nuances of the main characters life. Because its a story with no dialogue, the creator of the game made it so that you wont get bored. This is done by putting omages to other games like Zelda and Mario in throughout and making the whole thing feel like a dream. You never know what will happen next because literally anything can happen. Thats what makes this adventure feel so great.As far as the story itself, you start feeling a bond to the boy and the bird. Despite the dream-like feel of the game, these two characters feel very real and their problems are also real. This is an hour long tale of a lonely boy and a hurt bird which will leave you happy in the end.If you played ""to the moon"", then you dont need any explanation as to why this game should be bought with the soundtrack. If you didnt play ""to the moon"", fix that please."
,Recommended,327410,13649086,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Sinexander,"Short game, long trip on the feel bus though."
,Recommended,327410,13055687,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Colette Bennett,"Kan Gao does it again. A humble, poignant game that will leave you with a tiny heartache that's part sadness and part joy. It's not for everyone -- bring your patience, as the game has no dialogue. You have to play it with your heart a lot moreso than with your head."
,Recommended,327410,13841912,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Morkare,"As A Bird Story or To The Moon may not be like the current 3d games it gives us something new in a way. As all you can seem to find today is 3d games like Assassins creed or DayZ etc. The series this developer is making is basically the coolest  2d game series I have ever played. Like To The Moon I think we can achmeidt it made us tear up a lil bit, I can recommend these games the dev is making and is indeed worth it. As these games ""A Bird Story"" and  ""To The Moon"" are worth the money indeed. If you feel like having emotion go through your mind when playing a game I'd say get To The Moon and A Bird Story! Haha these games really are full of emotion and I can't express it enough. I wish there were more games like this to be honest! This game has a fantastic story and purely awesome scenery. So yes you should definently get this game and if you don't already get ""To The Moon"" aswell!"
,Recommended,327410,13705690,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,✿Rit@lin4FPSKidz,A short but emotional hour of gameplay. Definitely pick up if looking for a good story driven game.
,Recommended,327410,13898011,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,mr. Woodcock,And he does it again. telling such a beautiful story in just a little over an hour.kan gao you're amazing!
76561198043593333,Recommended,327410,12850423,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Slaaneshou,"Do not expect the sequel of To The Moon. Even if this game is linked to the universe of Freebird's masterpiece, its gameplay and its story are much simpler. However if you liked To the Moon you'll enjoy the soundtrack and even shed a tear at the end if you're sensitive.7.5/10"
,Recommended,327410,13700450,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Rosaline,"There are not words to describe this game.This is not only a literal fact about the absense of written or spoken language, but also very much true of the emotional experience that it creates. In putting aside conventional story telling technique, A Bird Story takes a massive risk, but pulls it off amazinglyThere's no manual to get a backstory from, and the interactive elements are extremely minimalist. Yet despite all that, those brief pieces of interactivity and choice are enough to make you feel emotionally invested in the story.Kan Gao's musical score is superb, reminisent of those found in the SNES games of Squaresoft & Enix. More than that, though, the entire emotional pacing of the game is driven by expertly used audio cues and sountrack changes. It may not be one that you would listen to outside of the game, but you will want to own it none the less, so I strongly recommend picking it up too.The lack of written word was hard at first, but it actually worked better than any prose could have. The player is put in the position of the child, with the world being confusing and scary, yet full of promise.Much like Dys4ia and other works of interactive fiction, there will be debate as to if A Bird Story really counts as a game or not. But even if it doesn't, game developers could learn a lot by looking at what Freebird Games are doing"
,Recommended,327410,21608967,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,neizod,👦📗💤👀🐯🐦👦👊🐯👦🏥🐦👦❤️‍🐦🐦❤️‍👦🐦❌🕊👦📄🛫🌧🌩🌪💻😭
,Recommended,327410,13970172,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Ekta,"First when i started this game i thought it would be crap and not worth the price..but it ended up im crying like a baby when i was halfway i really love this game,Nice game worth the price you should get this game to if you got feelings foranimals or if you remember something like this when you were young...Love this game want another game by same people doing this game.10/10Tears Tears Tears all the way...."
,Recommended,327410,13809536,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,trikuxabi,"Is this To the moon? No. Is it To the moon 2? No. But man, this one hour adventure is awesome. It's all about love and loss, from a child's point of view. No dialogues, but the music and the slow-paced storytelling make this emotional little story touching and memorable. Highly recommended, indeed!"
,Recommended,327410,13064257,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,RonaldPalmer,"Charming, simple, short, and moving. Very enjoyable. The ending was just the icing on the cake."
76561198056335815,Recommended,327410,12917794,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Sen,"This game delivers a one hour story about a boy and his bird. The music and wonderful artwork that accompany the story are moving and touching. While the story is short, I found it to be worth the money and time."
76561198052617949,Not Recommended,327410,27707069,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sir Hamster [DK],"1) Boring visuals.2) Boring ""story"" (Can't really call it a story, since almost nothing happen)3) Boring and annoying music.Overall score: *zzzzz* ""Huh, what? sorry just fell asleep"""
,Recommended,327410,25301201,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,jenny_jinya,"This game felt less than a game, but more like a short movie. The story is touching and adorable, but after an hour or so you're through with it. I think that game would have had potential for something bigger and more interactive possibilities. But however, I love the metaphors and graphic ways this story has been told. There is so much creativity and room for speculations. This game is not for those who seek action, but it's a lovely little story for a lazy sunday evening. I like it :)"
,Recommended,327410,20348986,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,STIG,"Kudos to anyone trying to tell a captivating and interactive story using the framework of an old-school J-RPG.It's a format fitting the themes of ""A bird story"" where the simplistic interactivity is merely there to move the narrative forward.But where the previous game ""To the moon"" told a story with heavy themes quite new to video games, ""A bird story"" deals with themes more akin to classic Calvin & Hobbes comics.The story is just not very original or captivating and it was actually a personal disappointment after appreciating ""To the moon"" very much.But it's nonetheless a very interesting game that should be played by anyone interested in how a narrative in a video game can be told in alternative ways."
,Recommended,327410,21168512,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,LUOTIAN ²º¹⁶,"a bird story ,a beautiful story . Although it is very boring ,but I'm happy to completed the full achievement."
,Recommended,327410,12931065,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Ianysus,"Beautiful game. Or experience in general. Without any dialogue, it displays more feelings in one hour than some games that are much longer. The music, like To The Moon, is amazing as well, and you should definitely pick up thesountrack as well, to support Freebird Games. Wonderful experience, nice and short - can't wait for the To The Moon sequel(?) teased at the end to be released."
,Recommended,327410,13704404,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,NÅKÅDÅN,It's very touching..Good job sir!can't wait for Finding Paradise.
76561198140226887,Recommended,327410,13804165,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Falwinshair,"Unfortunately, A Bird Story lacked atmosphere compared To The Moon, BUT saying that, this is still a great small creation with a sweet story. I found the game play more on the lines of watching than interacting, although, I liked that there was no dialogue as you had to narrate the game in your mind, which makes it special for the individual who plays.Another set of great musical pieces and I am looking forward to play the next game Kan Gao creates."
,Recommended,327410,13797761,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Powerful Cow,"I am glad that the developers haven't changed the textures, the atmosphere and the tone from ""To the Moon"" and the sound with the story are still on high quality.Basically, ""A Bird Story""can truly be called a sequel to ""To the Moon"".Therefore, thank you, Freebird Games, for extending the feeling of ""To the Moon"" for another unforgettable hour.11/10, as usual."
,Recommended,327410,27445925,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,denixonly,Я не заплачу! Я не заплачу! Я не заплачу!аааааааааааааааааааааа
,Recommended,327410,28087987,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,AmyZ,"I'm gonna be honest.The thought of a wordless game turned me off.After TtM, I was wanting some more games like that.But I gave it a try.And I want you to do so too.It's only an hour, if you hate it, that's fine, if you love it, congrats.You now can join the group of people who have tears streaking down their face cause of this wonderfully made heartbreaking story, as we celebrate when the next game of TtM comes out."
76561198185599127,Not Recommended,327410,34215562,Posted: 13 August,all,Marumaru丸丸,"cute story, but thats it. It would have been better as a 2 min shortfilm than a game."
,Recommended,327410,26372422,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Tsar Nicholas ii,"A Bird Story is a Short indie styled game about a relationship between a young boy and bird. It is an amazing game which has simple mechanics and is just extremely fun over all. In the end i cried since i could relate very much to this game. If you want a game for a cold rainy day where you just want to relax, i would recommend buying this game.10/10~ An Amazing game with such great Context"
,Not Recommended,327410,32925863,Posted: 28 June,all,corv0,"Nice emotions and metaphors about a lonely kid and a hurted bird, but too abstract and sometimes complicated to understand. And short. And no movement liberty at all. Very bad compared to their first game, To The Moon. More effort have to be made  for the incoming 3rd game, because the developer get lazy and just surfing on his recent notoriety. This games should be free or at 1€."
,Recommended,327410,12876952,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Nawi,"This game was amazing. Just like to the moon, it had that nice calm feeling when playing it. The music was great and I love how it told the story without showing any dialogue. I can't wait for the next game from Freebird games to come out"
76561198019576097,Recommended,327410,33915260,Posted: 30 July,all,FullMetal,I'm out of words...
,Not Recommended,327410,26665176,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,AngelicFruitcake,"It is a semi interactive animation. Not much of a game. The story is very short, and a bit strange. It seems the little boy is so lonely he just imagines a lot. Like being in one of his daydreams most of the time. Sweet of him to help the bird. The adults in it are not helpfull at all and creepy without faces. And that makes no sence. In fact the only character with a face is the little boy....more a nightmare than a story about a boy and a bird if you ask me."
76561197989346754,Recommended,327410,12855111,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Nezchan,"This is a tremendously charming little short story.  It's definitely not one for the ages the way To the Moon was, and it doesn't try to be.  Instead it tries to be a simple, unassuming little wordless story and manages that goal quite well.  Don't go into it expecting a deep emotional experience like TtM and you'll be rewarded with a cute little tale with  bit of heart.What does impress me about A Bird Story is in the transitions from reality to dream and reality.  Using these old school-esque graphics (but beautiful nonetheless) they pull off some pretty stunning effects.  Well done to the team, you did an especially great job on that.In short, if you likes To the Moon and you're realistic in your expecations, you should really enjoy this short game.  It's certainly a nice appetizer for Freebird's next full-length offering."
,Recommended,327410,12932229,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Silverflame,"A wonderful visual story that is told entirely without words, using only motion, gestures, signs, and daydreams. Daydreams are the central theme of this story. I have rarely seen such an intelligent use of imagery, and I suspect many people won't get all of its meanings.For example: In class, the blackboard shows the square root of some number, and it equals the drawing of a cat. It is only a little tidbid in the background, but shows that our character is not interested in school, does not pay attention and perhaps only remembers what he draws in his sketchbook - a cat in this case. We only experience what he remembers, and so his daydreams and reality turn into a mixture that we see on the screen.To our character, school life is a cage that he wishes he could break out of and fly away. As we walk him through his daily routine, we also walk through his daydreams, often not remembering the real way through town that he took. One day, he discovers an injured bird in a clearing. It is a symbol of his wish for freedom, and as he takes care of the animal, we see them bond and become the best of friends, exploring the dreams of flying away together.A Bird Story is not a game, it is a story that you participate in through simple actions. It is a touching and amusing prelude to the future sequel of ""To The Moon"", for our character is going to be the patient in the next installment of the series.Anyone who loves nature or spends their days dreaming will bond with this story and its characters."
76561198008380178,Recommended,327410,12857582,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Bundle_Of_Joys,An aboslute must if you are a loyal supporter of this developer. A short and sweet story about the bond that was formed. It is just one of the best story out there without the need of dialogues to guide you.
,Recommended,327410,12843707,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Asµodeαƞ,"Like To the moon, but simple and short."
,Recommended,327410,12834307,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Fasanov,"This is somewhat a follow up to the other game, To the Moon and after playing it for 1.2 hours i must say...damn this was such an amazing game. The music was beautiful, the art was phenomenal and the feels...the feels i cant wait for the next game thank you so much for this amazing experience even though it was just an hour, an hour can do wonders"
,Recommended,327410,12838297,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,MOOMANiBE,"Kan Gao excercises a control over pacing and subtlety almost never seen in games. If you like the idea of a short story told in game form, this is absolutely worth checking out."
76561198016162431,Recommended,327410,12833299,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Ludacris,"As a preliminary note, this game is not like To The Moon. Given Kan's video specifically telling us to enter the game with an open mind, I approached A Bird Story as if I had never played To The Moon. I am happy to report that this game is every bit as magical as To The Moon, and proves that Kan is a master storyteller. Don't expect to cry, because you probably won't. That isn't what this game is about.A Bird Story spins reality into fantasy much like little kids use their imagination to make the world a more magical place. After 5 minutes of gameplay, I knew that this game would not dissapoint me. As I progressed through, I tried to envision how this man's life would be affected by the little bird he met when he was young. And it makes me feel good that the second episode of the To The Moon franchise will be premised on this fabulous narrative.In short, A Bird Story does not try to do too much. It doesn't try to be more dramatic than it need be. It is that quality that makes both this game and To The Moon fantastic - they are premised on something we can all relate to. Do not hesistate to buy this experience if you enjoyed To The Moon. You will get the same feeling of satisfaction and wonder as soon as the credits roll."
76561198046487466,Recommended,327410,12833847,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Painer29,"Where can i start?this is a short little 1 hour ""game"" that isnt a game. its more an experience.nearly no gameplay and rpg-maker like graphics. BUT lots of heart in the Story.it tells the story of a little kid and a bird without a single line of dialogue.not as good as the Masterpiece ""to the Moon"" from the same producer.but its a great journey at a really low price."
,Recommended,327410,12837647,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,GothShinobi,"Although not up to the length or quality of story of it, this is definitely worth picking up if you enjoyed To the Moon.The soundtrack alone is worth the bundle price imo."
,Recommended,327410,30324855,Posted: 4 March,all,Mara,"Beautiful soundtrack and a charming, emotional story. An hour well spent!"
,Recommended,327410,12833363,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,[Kamikazi]Alexsey,"Well, it's not as good as To The Moon but 1 hour long game which can tell the story without any words certainly was an interesting experience. 7/10"
76561197998159333,Recommended,327410,12833878,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Raveneer,"Like everything from Freebird Games, ""A Bird Story"" made me cry. I went in expecting it.The best way to describe it is it feels like Gone Home or Dear Esther, a minimal gameplay experience with a story that is told entirely without words. This was risky given the nature of pixel art, but Kan Gao makes it look easy.What some people might be wondering though is, how does it compare with ""To the Moon"", Kan Gao's last commercial release? They're two different gameplay experiences, both emotional and both great stories. It feels much shorter, maybe an hour and a half or so, but much more well made. However, I think ""A Bird Story"" is less intrusive with its gamey elements than ""To the Moon""; oftentimes, puzzles in TtM felt more like a strange side game than a natural extension of the game. Gao's beautiful music returns and often is worth the price of admission alone, flowing effortlessly along with the visuals.While the story felt more experimental and Studio Ghibli-esque, I'm hoping the proper ""To the Moon"" sequel returns more to the form of the first game. And while it may not be readily apparent, there is a connection to the world of ""To the Moon"", and now I'm left waiting for one day to come with a bucket of my own tears.DARN YOU FREEBIRD GAMES!"
76561198038306450,Recommended,327410,12834051,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Fukigen,"Just finished the game and I have to say that it exceeded my expectations for the game. When I first heard the game wasn't going to have any dialog I was kind of sceptical about the game. Turned out it was actually the right choice, and fit the story perfectly. Adding dialog would've probably just made the game a bit akward. If you've played ""To The Moon"", the other game by Freebird Games, you might expect something completely different, but that isn't really a bad thing. I'm kind of sad that we might have to wait another 2/3 years for a new game (episode) that is going to be multiple hours long, which this one is not (one hour). The story that is presented in this game is very touching in a way, and might be relatable for people that were outsiders when they were young.So, if story based 16-bit games are something you are interested in, this game is definitly a must buy.Overall I would rate this story based game a 7.5/10."
76561198060512806,Recommended,327410,12833350,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Kyrios,A bird StoryDoesn't look like a Good Gamebut IT IS  A GOOD GAMEthe Awesome Soundtrackthe Great Storythe feel of that Gameand this game doesn't contain a single dialogAMAZINGthis game have one problem the luck of controll in the kidbut still it's a great gameScore 9\10
,Recommended,327410,12834024,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,bhagler1228,"It only lasts about an hour and there's no dialouge, but it still remains one of the most touching little stories I've ever played through. If you liked To the Moon, you'll definitely want to play this. I absolutely cannot wait for the full sequel to come out!"
76561198067692721,Recommended,327410,12834224,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,MrMely,"What can I say Kan? You did it again... for me To The Moon was not only visually beautiful, but sound in plot, A Bird Story brings us that beautiful intelligence and touching story that we were expecting and more. It is a story of dreams, the imagination, lonliness and of course friendship. A very touching story that conveys the narrative through imagery and action, as the viewer you must interpret and it really treats you like a thinking human being. It shows that actions speak volumes and I have to say I connected with it and very much enjoyed the experience. Thank you very much Kan and I look forward to the next instalment."
,Recommended,327410,12849151,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,eltee,"(9.5/10)The most wonderful wordless story I've ever read.  Kan Gao (of To the Moon) has once again managed to take the most simple designs and weave a story that is equal parts nostalgic, familiar, full of whimsy and earnest.A much 'smaller' and simpler experience than to the moon it none the less demonstrates just how much can be done emotionally with such simple tools and trappings.The 'play' largely involves simply nudging the story along as you follow the experiences/imagination of a small boy through his world.The thing that struck me the most was once I had finished the story, and got up, I looked out-side, and the world beyond my window was simultaneously the same one that had been there yesterday, and yet, something maybe ever so slightly more vivid.  We all have a certain amazement at the world of the every day when we are children that seems to slowly fade as the rigors and routines of our adult lives set in. Yet, through A Bird Story, maybe a little bit of that has found its way back in, and that has left me smiling to myself all day."
76561198091809580,Recommended,327410,12833892,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,GrapieFox,"As I am typing this I'm still a little overwhelmed (in a good way) about this fantastic game.  I recommend this to anyone who loves birds, weird pixel stuff or who just want to cry, basically anyone with real human emotions."
,Recommended,327410,12866579,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,"Where's the leak, ma'am?","A Bird Story is yet another masterpiece in Kan's collection. To The Moon was, and still is, my favorite game of all time. After playing the shorter A Bird Story, I express similar thoughts. While the story takes roughly an hour to work through, the game attaches the player to each and every character with an emotional connection stronger than most every other game I have played. With a library currently filled with 224 games, A Bird Story easily makes the top three. Kan Gao's new transitions and seemless storyline worked well with this new piece. I am willing to bet that, no matter who is reading this, if you were to take $5 and one hour of your time to play A Bird Story, you would feel just the same as I do now. Don't get deterred by the slow-paced progression, because most of you will be sobbing by the end credits. In conclusion, I honestly believe A Bird Story has got a little of bit of everything for everyone. It was a true pleasure to play."
,Recommended,327410,16471070,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Lars Tenobor,"I absolutely loved it, this is just as wonderful as To The Moon. I'm buying the crap out of the next one."
,Recommended,327410,12857227,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,StrictlyChaotic,"I thought I was just purchasing a nice little game about a boy and a bird, but I was so very wrong. What I actually bought was a round trip ticket on the feels train. This game may be short but it packs so many emotions within that timeframe making this an all around heartwarming & memorable experience. I even forgot I was actually playing a game within the first few minutes.No words were spoken, but none were needed because your heart and soul absorbs it all.I highly recommend this game to everyone who enjoys a giggle here, a chuckle there, and a tear or two shed in between."
76561198062301817,Recommended,327410,23517364,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Rhythm Raph,"If you're expecting To the Moon, you will be greatly disappointed. If you're ready to play A Bird Story without constantly comparing both games, you will discover a silent yet charming story. Rarely has a story been so moving without the use of words."
,Recommended,327410,13219102,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Birdy,"The title says it all, a story and an amazing one at that. Some may complain it's not a video game, but most video games are an experience and this definitely is one. It's moving and interactive enough to keep you invovled. Where it falters in actual gameplay it makes up for it ten fold with the story. Not only is the story heart warming, but the visual art is striking and appealing, worthy of being it's own art piece. The soundtrack played a nice role in making it emotional, since there is no dialog so I would grab it with the soundtrack just to have that great musical piece. You can decide if $4.99-6.99 is too much for a twoish hour long game, but I think when it goes on sale it's definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,327410,12833193,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,BratSinot,"END:Obviously, this is the prologue to To The Moon: Episode 2. With this view you can forgive the monotony and linearity, for even in The Mirror Lied was interactivity. The soundtrack memorized one main theme.In short, this is the prologue (as MGS V: Ground Zeroes).RUS:Очевидно, что это пролог к To The Moon: Episode 2. С этой точки зрения можно простить однообразность и линейность, ибо даже в The Mirror Lied была интерактивность. Саундтрек запоминается одной главной темой.Короче говоря, это пролог (как MGS V: Ground Zeroes)."
76561198039276457,Recommended,327410,12833402,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,SirStig,"I played to the moon, both of these games are sad. If you want to love birds from now on and get a little sad maybe more  or less it depends on what type of person you are. Play this game it may seem like a short game but trust me this game will ruin your way of looking at birds in any bad way what so ever."
,Recommended,327410,12838858,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Bremer,"Short, sweet, a story delivered like a good movie: With a little more of a personal feel!If you liked To The Moon, you'll like A Bird Story. Won't lie when I say it brought tears to my eyes.Thank you, Ken Gao, for another great experience."
76561198061062321,Recommended,327410,12833123,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,kingbeandip,"One of the best games you can get for 5 bucks. The game is very short (it is a 'short' after all), but also incredibly beautiful and touching. The story will probably linger on your mind for a while. It's amazing the kind of story you can convey without a single word."
,Recommended,327410,12833540,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Potato,"A Bird Story is a very simple game, but even if it is short and there is no text, it's story is really beautiful. The music really fits.Yes, it's not like To The Moon, but it's definitly as beautiful as To the moon and if you liked TTM, you will like this game."
,Recommended,327410,12833882,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,jenz /back on sunday probably,A lovely little hour went by with this game. It was refreshing for me to play this compared to what i else spend most of my time on.
,Recommended,327410,12833132,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,AngiePi19,This game didn't even need words to tell a beautiful story. It was really well done and I fell in love with the characters instantly.
,Recommended,327410,16310383,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,James Liu,"The beginning can be somewhat tedious, but the game grows on you.It's more of an intereactive story rather than a ordinary video game. Anyone has played the developer's another famous title,To the Moon, would surely know about the type.The story is simple and good. Kan Gao sure knows how to write a good game.Recommended for anyone who has a heart.Minor Spoiler Alert.Innocence is the first casualty in entering adulthood. The game tells a story about growing up, teenage courage, facing reality, losing innocence and giving up dreams, about conformity, socialization and such. There are metaphors all over the story. I'm kind of a pessimist, so the way I see it, as objectively as I could--this game is a mourning for one giving up his once most precious treasure in order to blend into this world his body actually lives in. So, may the smoothiest one win."
,Recommended,327410,12871137,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,KayGeeBee,I myself wasn't into 2D games but this game was sensational.If you're into anime and things related then you'll enjoy this.
,Recommended,327410,12833470,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Poki#3,A short story about a boy and a bird. Enyoable and I recommend it.
,Recommended,327410,12833245,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Failattu,Might not be the same kind of experience as To The Moon but I still loved the story telling.
,Recommended,327410,12865375,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Twistor,"More an interactive story than a game, A Bird Story tells about a friendship between a lonely boy and a bird. Because it's only little over an hour long, I'll withold the rest of the plot for you to enjoy. However, I'll tell you this: it's a beautiful, a little bit sad story.With an interactive story I mean there's not much real gameplay. You can only move around and interact with some objects. Instead of text dialogue, the story is told by the graphical events and occasional spoken or thought pictograms. I was initially sceptical how that would work out, so I was pleasantly surprised to see it's a splendid way to convey little tasks and small bits of story.Graphics are nice, hand-drawn pictures and bitmaps. Especially the music is beautiful and atmospheric, well thought to fit the story. It will change smoothly when traveling through the surreal landscape of the boy's memory.If you played To The Moon, their previous game, know that A Bird Story is shorter, less sad and there's (even) less ""playing"" or decisions. If you liked it or story-driven adventure games in general, you'll probably like this one. Games like this are more about feeling, observing and art than skill, action and doing. It's a single, whole experience: I don't see myself playing it more than once, but that was a happy experience."
,Recommended,327410,12919713,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,[Off9] Steigen,Although this is suppose to be a sad and touching story but the cliche-ness along with the dramatic elements made it really  laughable but somehow it was really mesmerizing. Recommend :DMoral of the story - Birds are men's best friends NOT DOGS :P
,Recommended,327410,12912085,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Will ^_^,F-A-N-T-A-S-T-I-C
,Recommended,327410,12874023,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Ancient Do$hu Desu,"A Bird Story is a very touching story about a normal primary school kid taking care of some random bird which is injured. What makes this game unique is that there is no dialogue, and yet very interesting story. Really worth playing if you are a fan of To the Moon."
,Not Recommended,327410,30777568,Posted: 27 March,all,that_bad,"I can see what this game is trying to do ... tug at the heart-strings, a tale of a boy and his 'pet' bird ... but it has all the subtlety of a hammer to the face. It's a tired, predictable game based on a single, tired, trope, that ultimately adds nothing to any genre. I desparately wanted to be moved by it ... but fell asleep several times over its ~90 min run (which may have been much less had I stayed awake, I can't tell). It may well work for you, but was a complete miss for me."
76561198003135881,Recommended,327410,12847397,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Gnome,Wow.
76561198002591573,Not Recommended,327410,31477090,Posted: 30 April,all,5alts,"I loved To the Moon and recommend it for anyone who has ANY interest in story-driven narrative heavy games.A Bird Story is NOT To the Moon. It's a mindless waste of time that tries to make itself feel special by telling a story without dialogue. In the end, no one cares about any of this, because of a lot of reasons.Being without dialogue makes it extra hard to get invested - not impossible, just harder. Also the complete lack of any meaningful interaction with the game - everything is very slow and you really have zero input in the game at all - it may as well be pixel movie because the player input is tedious and completely irrelevant.Also the lack of any real conflict makes you wonder why we should even care. There is no grand evil here, nor is there even a minor evil - there's really nothing that even makes the game partially investing emotionally. The closest thing you get is a ""chase"" sequence with some lightning that is as pointless as the rest of the game.I literally couldn't recommend this game less. The fact I'm even writing this will hopefully make you, the consumer, realize that it's not worth your money - there are free stories or interactive games out there with more content and more compelling narratives than anything you'll find in this ""game""."
,Not Recommended,327410,22775337,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Totouboros,"A Bird Story is an emotional game, less of a game than a story you follow. You are a little boy that finds a bird and cares for it...You mainly follow the story by walking in a given direction and have barely anything else to do. The walking to a goal leads to scenes that tell more of the story.Overall it's an interesting little game but not worth the full price.While many say it's great, i personally think To The Moon deserves more praise and attention, since it has a deeper story, is longer and you actually have more things to do than just walking around."
,Recommended,327410,12836772,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Russian Bear,"A soulful story about a lonely boy and his best friend, the bird. Kan Gao definitely knows how to tell emotional stories. Can't wait for his next game Finding Paradise."
,Recommended,327410,13932249,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,5's,"Wow, truely mesmerising i'm speechless (just like the game)."
,Recommended,327410,12850608,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Thiago Nogueira,"This game is pretty short, but the Freebird Games was able to keep the quality of the story. The story can be touching without a single word."
,Recommended,327410,23674520,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,MaksimGames1,"this is a nice little game,that doesn't need any words,literally,the game is more like a future-character-story preview,and nobody ever talks,but that makes it a bit more interesting,because even if nobody talks, you still understand everything that is going on,and the music only adds to the experience of the world within the game."
,Recommended,327410,26012915,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Psychedelight,"A well-crafted story with a simplistic and all the while compelling narrative. Make no mistake though, while you do get to walk around a bit there is no gameplay, this ""game"" is basically a visual storytelling app.It's basically a children's story about a lonely boy and his bird-friend, with a very satisfying ending. If you have the time to sink a little over an hour into an interactive narrative story, you may want to buy this."
76561198042642334,Recommended,327410,14067819,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,yeaaaboiii,"First things first. A Birds story =/= To the moon. It's not even the fricking sequel Its creater Kan Gao himself said this, "" Do not expect this to be like to the moon"" for, this is just a simple wonderful story about a kid who found a wounded bird. You don't see or hear about people travelling through memories here do you folks?? So stop comparing this to ""to the moon"" and enjoy it for the beautiful story it tells, Infact you begin the game expecting it to be ""to the moon"" you are going to have a BAD time. I don't get it with all the cry babies -_-But if you sit down and start this game, A birds story as its own and not relate it to to the moon, this is well worth its price. I reccomend this game for any fellow story lovers.But saying this, this game too has its own unique set of ""feels"". I thouroughly enjoyed the game.Psst.... Infact this is like a trailer, a teaser for the what is going to be the much awaited sequel to ""to the moon"", - 'FINDING PARADISE' :) can't wait freebirdgames and kan gao :) <3"
,Not Recommended,327410,13705951,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Video Graham,Saccharine codswallop.
,Recommended,327410,22904828,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,jackychan,"a relaxed and easy game. Story is direct and simple, no strategy involved, but the theme music really adds a lot of marks to the game. great music!"
,Not Recommended,327410,14165524,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,offpath,"After ""To The Moon"", I was expecting so much more from this game. Unfortunately, I found it very lacking in emotional depth, and so much of it seemed terribly cliched. I guess the only positive for me was that it was short."
,Recommended,327410,23131278,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,A Piece of Dirt,"Like most others on here, I've played To the Moon first and was happy to see the next release by K Gao and FreeBird (ha ha). A Bird Story tells the tale of a boy who rescues an injured bird. It's a lot less gameplay-intensive than To the Moon, making it almost factually incorrect to call it a game; it's more like an extended cutscene with the occasional forced key pressing so that it can still pass as one.That doesn't take away from the experience though. Its predecessor wasn't particularly hardcore either; they're basically both point-and-click stories and A Bird Story is unashamedly so.As with TTM, ABS features a bittersweet story coupled with an incredibly moving soundtrack. Neither live up to the standards of TTM, but this shouldn't really be a comparison. It's good in its own right, albeit slightly pompous at times, reeling in on the player's emotional attachment when there is none.Still, some scenes were a punch in the gut. Good experience if you're looking to relieve a mildly masochistic impulse. Worth picking up if it's ever on sale or you've got some leftover balance in your account."
,Recommended,327410,22272881,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,TheCman5015,"After playing ""To The Moon"" twice, I'd become absolutely hooked to this ""meanful storytelling"" stuff. So, knowing the successor to ""To The Moon"" was gonna release sometime soon, I thought I'd give ""A Bird Story"" a try, more so because it was so cheap. Can't beat having a cheap hit to your Steam Wallet; not some massive $30.00 whatever, you get me? :) Anyways, in short, I was bored to tears this night so I decided I'd give this game a try. Yeah, I'm feeling much better now. ""A Bird Story"" was beautiful, simplistic, and meanful. Definitely a PERFECT way to spice up a good hour and a half of your time. Take it from me, you won't be disappointed. Just keep your mind open, and you'll love this game to death."
,Recommended,327410,22214453,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,RadientLoop,"In retrospect approaching this game with the mindset that it will be similar to To The Moon was a very bad idea. The story itself is one told a million times, but the way its told is surperb and deserves a big thumbs up. The soundtrack was amazing and really helped to hit the spot at the right time.Very little control involved, so just sit back and enjoy the emotional rollercoaster it will take you upon. :)"
,Recommended,327410,28684089,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Vhol,"Thank you, Kan Gao."
,Recommended,327410,30243121,Posted: 28 February,all,Dinikus,"Ok, so, I loved it, I have just finished crying after finishing it to write this review. I cried, I laughed, I smiled. His works, along with Mass Effects, are the only ones that have made me cry, The music is wonderful, really moving. And also, I have to say, not many can pull off a silent game, comic, or movie. He has, the only other person I know who has done that is Peter Tomasi and Patrick Gleason working together. All in all, buy it, it's short, won't take much of your time, but it is so good. Now I'm off to cry"
,Recommended,327410,12835149,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,(JS45)fluffy,Another masterpieceA must play for sure
,Recommended,327410,22538479,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Yuki Battery,<3
,Recommended,327410,13021566,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,t.tv/kaelera,"Simple and short, but beautiful. The music is lovely and the story is touching."
,Recommended,327410,17809379,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Felicity♡,"Kan Gao's latest work which I neglected to play until just now, A Bird Story is a short wordless story about loneliness, loss, and freedom.Certainly not as strong as To The Moon was, but A Bird Story seems to shine as a teaser and a prequel to a coming work by Gao which I eagerly await. A Bird Story is certainly worth a go, but by no means should one expect the same level of depth as TTM."
,Recommended,327410,13886389,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,H-TAP,These guys know how to pull heart strings.
76561198143695727,Recommended,327410,13893973,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,becbecface,"After playing 'To The Moon' I wasn't sure what to expect from 'A Bird Story'.I didn't think a game so short could measure up to what I had experienced before.But 'A Bird Story' was a really nice, quick game with great music and a sweet story.There was no dialogue which came as kind of a surprise to me but it was so easy to understand and follow what was happening.The friendship between the bird and the boy was so great to see unfold and it was just a perfect way to spend an hour.9/10"
76561198026644777,Recommended,327410,13902826,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,{158} Mcnolty,"A touching story about a school-age boy that finds and rescues a bird in the woods.Albeit a very short experience, and somewhat lacking in the gameplay department this is a solid little indie game.A fine premise ,excellent score and charming graphics styling earn it recommendation from me especially if you can find it on sale like I did for around two dollars."
,Recommended,327410,14065286,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Pretty boi,"This game was such a fresh breath of air. Accompanied by nice piano music.It's simple and short, yet I'm glad I found it in the labyrinths of Steam store.And no, I'm not crying, it's just raining on my face."
76561198131701503,Not Recommended,327410,33428060,Posted: 10 July,all,anotherphysicsgradstudent,"I understand what the creators were trying to do here.  And I applaud the effort to tell a story through sound and visuals alone, no words.  But ultimately I felt that the story was underwhelming and didn't really connect with me.  When you consider that the game is also short and almost entirely lacking in gameplay, I just have to classify it as a failure.Go buy To The Moon instead, and only come back if you have a serious need for more Kan Gao after that."
76561198120914945,Recommended,327410,12859514,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,vilitaltti,"This isn't game. It is more like interactive story. The playing is just extra and the main thing is the story. The story of the game is about this one boy who saved bird and took care of him while he was injured. The story is a big plus. It is beautiful and very warm-hearted. The story also might be a big minus too. If you dont like it, then you have wasted your money. The gameplay is pretty solid. I had only one two bugs. Once the walking animation didn't work as it should have and  once my virusprotection software prevented  it from working. The athmosphere and environment of the game is great! There is many little details which you might not noticed when you play the game. For instance square root of 1703 equals cat. The resolution is 640x480 so the graphics aren't so great as they might be. But overall I personally liked it and I would give it four stars out of five. It is a great game, might run in every computer made in the last 7 years and runs every platform, which I recomend to buy."
76561198045016902,Recommended,327410,12883080,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Emporio,"Havent cried this much since....ever.Beautiful game, written well with great piano pieces as the director was the composer aswell."
,Recommended,327410,20273220,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,♫ Mr. Rawphoric,"It's a short game but I enjoyed it. If you haven't played ""To the Moon"" I recommend you to do that. Same creator. I actually bought this game because I have already played ""To the Moon"" and it was really good. :)"
76561198042864202,Recommended,327410,13716916,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Materia User,This company is going places.
76561198110392309,Recommended,327410,14648774,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Trrify2018,Short but nice
76561198049070495,Recommended,327410,25184010,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,E.M.P.-ERROR,"-1,5 hours long-just a boy, his bird and a bunch of shadows-no word spokenstill a better lovestory than Twillight"
,Not Recommended,327410,29200528,Posted: 12 January,all,skinnyraf,"I'm disappointed. I had high hopes after To the Moon.It's not really a game. It's an animated story with a few interactive elements. The story itself is very simple, cute, but ultimately banal.That said, if you accept it's not a game, there are things to like. The mood is great: graphics, creative use of colour palette, music (well, obviously :) ). Overall feeling of alienation, melancholy is at least as good as in To the Moon.It's €4 for about 70-80 minutes of a pleasant experience."
,Recommended,327410,12932733,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Nate Wardawg,"This is a pretty good interactive story that takes about an hour to finish.Here's a small handful of points.- The story is still fairly emotional although I think human relationships will always trump pet and animal relationships any day of the week. If this was a story about a man and wife, son and mother, father and daughter, etc I'm sure it would have been a huge tear jerker.- There are a lot of really nice transitions that some people will definitely appreciate.- The soundtrack is good so you may want to pick up the game+soundtrack version as I did.- If you're looking at this game as another To The Moon game fix your expectations now, it's not To The Moon and is different in almost every way except in the art style.As of this review the price is $5. I don't regret buying it since I know it will go toward funding their next game, but for many you will probably want to wait until it's 50-75% off before you feel you get your money's worth."
,Recommended,327410,12929527,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,james.kears,It was an amazing experience. I cried.I miss my bird.
,Recommended,327410,12928304,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Nope,It's nearly impossible to live up to such a gem like To The Moon so Kan Gao obviously tried to take a step in another direction with A Bird Story. I liked the game for having no dialogue and also for being shorter than To The Moon. But the overall story is by no means as rich as the latter's.
,Recommended,327410,14511678,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Breadn't,"Loved it. It's only about an hour long, and there's no dialogue, but it's worth the price (especially if you liked To The Moon)If there were any bugs, I certainly didn't see them. Soundtrack is amazing. Really looking forward to Finding Paradise"
,Recommended,327410,27980608,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Drummyralf,A cute little interactive cinematic.
,Recommended,327410,28131012,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,swarley,this game made me feel the feels bro 11/10
,Recommended,327410,12866222,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Rick,Thank you Freebird :)
,Recommended,327410,13039330,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,HolyFather,Simple and beautiful. Play it together with your girlfriend :)
,Recommended,327410,14126196,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Tohonas,"Beautifully melancholic story telling from the creator of To The Moon. A bridge episode between TTM and his next game, A  Bird Story is short (around an hour) but wonderful, wordlessly telling a tale of a young boy and an injured bird. It seems to play with memory and imagination, and as such nothing seems real.Definitely one for fans of To the Moon or similar interactive stories. Gameplay is minimal, so people looking for traditional game experience may be turned off by it. As a work of fiction however, it is sublime.You can read my full review here:http://goplaythat.com/2015/01/11/quickplay-a-bird-story/"
,Recommended,327410,12865703,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Lunora,I... I just have no words to explain all what i seen here... and i seen no words... This.. I cant name it a game.. or story.. This is the best soul art... which can show you the life of the simple boy who had a dream and... he got it.. and there are so much.. No words to explain that Greatest history ever..Must take.
,Recommended,327410,12874022,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Remy561 [NL],"8.7/10Best described as a one hour emotional ride.A lonely boy finds a wounded bird and this bird becomes his best friend. In this game you follow the story via the boy his imagination.+ Emotional story, Wonderfull OST, Simple but beautiful pixelart- Not really a 'game' more a visual story, probably not made for everyoneIf you like To The Moon, you should really try this game."
,Recommended,327410,12872809,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,marcello,Not as touching as 'To The Moon' but still absolutely stunning!Loved it!
,Recommended,327410,12869783,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Scorch117,"Freebird Games has done it again. A Bird Story tells the beautiful story of a friendship between a boy and wounded bird that he saves. It isn't a very long game and we have all been dying for something come out after To The Moon and I was not dissapointed. Freebird Games changed out its usual dialogue heavy story telling for a story being told without any dialogue at all. The game shows all the emotions through the music, the environment and the animation. This game could have been awful if it wasn't done right, but they did a phenomonal job with this idea. The story is only around an hour long but it is truly beautiful while it lasts. They did everything right again. The artwork, the story and the music. I can't wait to throw more of my money at Freebird in the future for To The Moon episode 2. This is a must play for anyone who is a fan of story based games. 96/100"
,Not Recommended,327410,34514460,Posted: 26 August,all,hitodama,"A cute story where child's imagination tangles seamlessly into mundane everyday life. But that's exactly what it is: a story, not a game. I do like walking simulators, but this one didn't feel like it benefitted of being a game in any single way. There weren't places to explore or secrets to find, but instead whenever the game did give control to the player it was just walking a few steps from A to B or very rarely pressing a button to activate the next cutscene. The visuals were nice and the storytelling was interesting, but in my opinion this would've worked much better as a short film than a game."
,Recommended,327410,12864903,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,mark | dj.,"+ Beautiful music+ Touching story, even if it is a little cliche+/- Because it mixes reality with imagination/fantasy the story isn't always completely clear, but it allows you to have an own interpretation- Gameplay is pretty much non-existent, and what's there is kind of boring- Graphics are subpar (but it's an understandable choice for a game like this)[Rating: 75/100]"
,Recommended,327410,20552225,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Spoma,"can't wait for the sequel. thank you for you games, they are incredibly inspiring for all ages. this is how i've felt with all my pets.10/10, i'd give it 9 for being short but there is a sequel and i doubt it will disappoint. thanks."
,Recommended,327410,12838977,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Hit Noodle,"Another nice interactive experience from Kan Gao (To the Moon). A wordless narrative focused on a boy's tale with an injured bird.The story is not unique, surely it's been done, but maan the storytelling still blows me away. Just like other Freebird games, a simple presentation (pixel? rpgmaker?) becomes great when combined with good direction and sounds.For what it's worth, it's doesn't have witty dialogues and characters and one big story like To the Moon. Treat it as a short standalone, or as a prologue or side story for the next one. It's heartwarming, it's long at times, and it's beautiful.Can't wait for To the Moon: Finding Paradise. Someday."
,Recommended,327410,12853208,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,HarukaD,"A simple one-hour game with a simple tale, yet it can give quite an impact on you.''A boy found an injured bird.''It's simple as that, but how the story is being told (or in this case shown) even without words.It's quite impressive how much just an animation can tell.The music is very splendid/beautiful and it brings up the mood of the scenes very well.I would buy this if you like small stories or Kan Gao's music or the game 'To the moon' or if you want a small emotional train trip with some humor and some drama."
,Recommended,327410,12887978,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Bandit,"If you enjoyed To The Moon, you will definitely enjoy this game. If you haven't played To The Moon (from the same developer), you should play both that and A Bird Story. While neither are heavy on gameplay, they offer a good story and a comfy atmosphere in a short but sweet experience. A Bird Story's biggest achievement is telling a good story without any form of dialogue, but rather through emotions, sounds and music. The shortness of the story is justified by the cheap price, which makes this a must-buy for RPG maker games fans or just for anyone who enjoys a a good story that is also creatively put together."
,Recommended,327410,12856342,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,haruja,Beautiful storyline and soundtrack. Birds are love
,Recommended,327410,12884867,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Fudge Panda,"Feels man, the feels. Awesome stand alone short story, and a great teaser for the next game in the To The Moon series"
76561198110946535,Not Recommended,327410,32576556,Posted: 19 June,all,Mundis,"I loved playing the developers previous game To The Moon, which is why this game is so frustrating. The game play is incredibly dull what little interaction you have is practically pointless. To The Moon got away with this by having an emotive story with interesting characters whereas A Bird Story is predictable and terribly paced. Disapointingly banal."
,Recommended,327410,13273955,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Dream Sailor,"""In a world full of people there's only someWant to fly,Isn't that crazy?"""
76561198156071720,Recommended,327410,13369186,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Hicforumest,Touched me like its prequel.It's that kind of game you carry with you for a long time thinking about it.The RPG maker graphics woke sweet memories of Gameboy times.Really worth it!
,Recommended,327410,13266157,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,BreadAl,"This is a game which is very interesting without dialoguesWhen i saw this game first time,i thought 'this is gonna be boring'.But I was wrong! so many enjoyable parts in this game.I cant wait the next episode of this story."
,Recommended,327410,17643721,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Akaru,A fun little story. A bit sad at the end though...
,Not Recommended,327410,35197757,Posted: 24 September,all,ddchdrn,To the Moon was okay but A Bird Story feels boring and meaningless.Natural selection should have taken care of that bird.
,Recommended,327410,12833113,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Sprawl,"Dont be turned off by the fact that this is made with GameMaker. This is a similar experience to ""To the Moon"", a game I greatly suggest you play before this one. It last about one hour, but it's an hour you won't forget soon."
,Recommended,327410,12851695,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,EdwardGrave,"Very few games can make you care about what happens to the characters, some make you care about the story, others about the ending but FreeBird makes you care about the characters, even if they ARE a bird. I would recomend this not only on the premise that it's LIKE To The Moon (if you liked it) but in that it has all the parts about To The Moon that you loved and none of the ones that frustrated."
,Recommended,327410,12839500,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Stitch,:)
,Recommended,327410,12838002,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Lyer,"A Bird Story is simple, beautiful and quite frankly, magnificent. If you have around an hour and a half on hand, and five dollars, this is an amazing purchase. The story, although without narration, is riveting.I was crying for a good 20 minutes through the ending.10/10"
,Recommended,327410,12838895,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,HefBot 2.0,"An interesting ""game"" from To The Moon's brainchild Kan Gao.It's not really a game so much as it is a short whimsical story presented through the medium of pressing a few buttons now and then when prompted. It is entirely a story on rails.Without giving too much away about the story, I found the anthropomorphised nature of the bird main character too hard to believe. I get that it's an allegory about love and possessiveness and all that, but I feel that the choice of using a wild bird takes away from the idea. Wildlife are exactly that, wild. They are not, and will not ever be made friends with, just ask that guy who hung out with bears and then got ate by one.The whole experience presented by A Bird Story is a short one, the soundtrack is lovely, and on the whole is probably worth your five bucks. That said, it's nowhere near as epic as To The Moon.Buy it."
,Recommended,327410,12833630,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Hachiji,"Sure A Bird Story is an hour long but this heartwarming story is too good to miss out on. Highly recommended for those who love a well crafted, touching narrative."
,Recommended,327410,12836350,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Stormbum,"Short and sweet. If you loved To the Moon, you'll enjoy this. If you haven't played To the Moon, play that first."
,Recommended,327410,12836990,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Searls,"I loved the care that was put into To The Moon and the same level of thoughtfulness was clearly put into A Bird Story.I was skeptical that a game without any dialog (written or spoken) could possibly have much of a narrative experience in a 16-bit pixel format, but through a few sleights of hand along the way, I found the game to be enormously effective at story-telling. Very impressed.Lots of heartwarming feels throughout and it called back many very relatable little moments of childhood. Absolutely hope larger studios take note of how successful Kan Gao has been at storytelling through this medium and either imitate him or hire him."
,Recommended,327410,12837357,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,__,"similar to ""to the moon"" in theme and gameplay but much more personal and at times even more emotional, if you can believe ite x c e l l e n t"
,Recommended,327410,12834556,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Ghost Ryder,"Among games out there that try to shovel their story at you, A Birds Story, though short, delivers its own story in a way not widely explored. Although having no words may seem like a handicap, but when you play and see it for your self it truely isnt. The synergy of both the music, which is yet again amazing, and the story are clear and they fit together like pieces of a jigsaw. It may lack somewhat in a gameplay perspective but if you were expecting some extensive mechanics, you're looking in the wrong place.If you loved To the Moon the definitly get this. If you haven't played To the Moon still get this! Then get To the Moon."
,Recommended,327410,12835050,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,CyndersFlame,"Beautiful, breathtaking, masterpiece. These are just a few words that describe A Bird Story. When I first played To The Moon, I fell in love. A Bird Story is short, but very emotional as well. The soundtrack is gorgeous and flows so perfectly... A Bird Story shows that you don't need words to tell a story. It shows that you don't need words to cry or feel emotion. Kan Gao has done it again, and I can't wait for the next game.10/10"
,Recommended,327410,12855219,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Kyoukai,"To The Moon was so deep and sad and I loved it for that  . I love you River .  A Bird Story was so light, soft, beautiful, and very emotional, just as To The Moon in an other way... Undescriptible, just PLAY IT.  I Hope I can fly !Waiting for the FreebirdGames next project in the last ending credit : "" Finding Paradise """
,Recommended,327410,12834381,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,djSauks,"Wow,Once again an amazing work of art by Kan Gao. First of all I want to say how amazing this idea of a game was, the fact there are no words really makes the player think about the story and almost interpret what they believe is going on, making a more personal connection to the game. I really can't express my feelings about this game all at once but I will say that the music was amazing, the story was truely wonderful, and I can't wait to see more. For 5$ this game is worth it not only for an amazing story but as a lover of the classical music genre I would buy this game and the dlc just for the music alone and it would be well worth it. But adding an amazing story is what makes Kan's ideas so amazing and why I will always enjoy playing through his stories.Thanks!"
76561197979108991,Recommended,327410,12837117,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,cornonthecobb,Very nice take on a latch key kids imagination and lack of friends. Looking forward to the next full game. Ken's music is a very phenomenal part of the story telling as it speaks to the soul.
,Recommended,327410,12839076,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Samsee,"Though this is a fairly short game, you gain so much love for the character. It will leave you in a horrible inpatient wait for the second episode because you are wanting to know what kind of regret does he have to wish to relive his life again.There is more interactive bits and a lot of quirky bits which I really did enjoy. I found myself laughing at the most little things (like the exchange in the elevator).Finishing this game, I want to say it's kinda like the movie short ""Paperman""-how it expresses so much through body language and music instead of words (and of course, paper planes!) and ""To the Moon"" in a beautifully crafted ""game.""Just as Kan have written countless times, play this game with no expectations. It is not like To The Moon but it still has that same feeling of warmth/adventure as you learn more of the main character through your travels. The music blends so well and beautifully, almost being the words to the muted characters.Finishing thoughts: this is a wonderful bit to get you hyped for the second episode in this series. It leaves you with some questions as to why does he ultimately called the doctors. The journey is very enjoyable and I will definitely be looking forward to the next installment whenever that will be. (Hopefully soon-ish. ;w; )"
76561198082345505,Recommended,327410,12839836,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Cairn.L,"I cried at the end of the story, probably because of the music, or maybe both..."
76561198043396863,Recommended,327410,12842838,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Lewd Shinobi,"I can say that Kan Gao isn't just a common game developer but he's an artist who created masterpieces using game as his canvas.Similar to To the Moon, this game isn't actually a game but an 1 hour interactive movie. The story wasn't as sad as To The Moon but it still full of drama and emotion.It's really worth even buying at the full price. It's like paying a ticket for a one good show. <3"
76561198079812212,Recommended,327410,12835942,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,uJabMe,"Emotional but heart-warming, A Bird Story gives a taste of To the Moon episode 2 and only made me more excited for it. With absolutely stunning artwork and ,as always from Kan Reives Gao, a beautiful soundtrack, the story feels real."
,Recommended,327410,12836054,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Starman,"If you were a fan of To The Moon, you will enjoy this. It's much shorter than that however. If you never played To the Moon, or don't like story-based games with little to no gameplay, it's best to pass this up.That being said, it was good."
,Recommended,327410,12836360,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Slavon.Space,Beautiful Masterpiece. 10/10
,Recommended,327410,12836355,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Angry Opinicus,"A short, but sweet story from Freebird Games. Despite the lack of dialogue, the story is full of emotion. Highly recommended for anyone who was a fan of the previous game."
,Recommended,327410,12846292,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Tix,"Kinda traditional plot, but amazing music, very amazing backgrounds, super amazing pixel animations. You have to give this a shot.(Damnit I should've bought the soundtrack bundle..)"
76561198108368751,Recommended,327410,12851118,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,★Belino★,"This game is more than worth the money. It's a very emotional story, told through a beautiful game-experience you will never forget. I definately recommend this game to everyone! But be sure to keep something to wipe your tears close by. You'll need it ;)"
,Not Recommended,327410,16510331,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Lil' Sassy,I'm a very sensitive person but I just didn't find this game very moving at all. I felt that the title was very accurate as this was entirely a story about a Bird and there wasn't very much to take about the human condition from this at all. What little was shown about the boy's issues just weren't all that important or conveyed very well.I don't really feel it was worth it to make an entire game out of this considering how on rails it is. You're better off just watching a silent Let's Play of the game then actually purchasing it.
,Recommended,327410,25179149,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Slayandra,"a short, touchy story that totally lives without words, carried by the rich soundtrack. I really love it."
,Not Recommended,327410,13697921,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,ali,"Possibly the most uneventful game I've ever had the displeasure of playing.The lack of player interaction is ridiculous and, having 'played' through the game in half an hour, I still have no idea what the story was, or why I have been wandering around a town with a bird in my bag and a paper plane in my hand.Was expecting much more-glad it was in the sale!"
76561198035271775,Not Recommended,327410,13179794,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,HeremitDevil,"SPOILER ALERT SPOILER ALERT SPOILER ALERTI think many of those who bought, are willing to buy or are interested in A Bird Story loved To The Moon, Kan Gao's first, acclaimed game. I am one of those. I bought that game onGOG.com(that's why it's not on my Steam library) and i consider it one of my most important games of all. A Bird Story is barely a game, but that's not necessarily negative. It is the surreal story of a boy and his friendship with a bird with a hurt wing. It is a rather vague, short story with some obscure metaphore in it and the peculiar choice to be told without one single word being spoken/written on-screen. I liked this choice, it's rather brave and remembered me the first part of a movie i loved (it was Wall-E, basically the demonstration that cartoons are not only for children). Anyway, even if i liked the setting and some of the narrative, i have to say that the rythm is very, very slow (i have finished the game in 71 minutes, half of which was boring roaming from one place to another) and it really feels like the few ""interaction"" moments could have been avoided, because they just felt needless to me. The story is nice as it is, though kinda cliché. Globally, i don't think i can recommend this prequel-to-the-sequel of To The Moon. It's overly short, and doesn't transmit anything particular. I think the most heartfelt moment for me was the reveal of the next game's name, which is really commoting. The art in this game is beautiful, but it felt like a super unnecessarily long trailer to the next one, and the constant surreal aura that's in it is very confusing. I think you can play Finding Paradise, when it's out, even without playing A Bird Story. It's not bad, and unlike someone else i didn't think that it automatically had to reach TTM standards, but i think this game is, simply, rather boring and irrelevant. I suggest to skip or, even better, watch a gameplay, since it doesn't change much.DISCLAIMERI'm not criticizing the lack of interactivity in any way. I don't think a work of videogame art obligatorily has to be interactive. Actually i'm criticizing that they INSERTED those random, boring interactivity moments inside the game. It felt complete without them."
,Not Recommended,327410,28151251,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,MagisterJon,"I went into ""A Bird Story"" knowing it would not be very interactive. But was severely disappointed in how very un-interactive it was, save for a glorfied ""Push these buttons to continue the story.""Others said it tugged at their imaginations and heartstrings. Unfortunately, it did neither for me. The story felt very predictable, and felt like it arrived right where it began, with neither the characters nor the audiance gaining anything for it."
76561198074721767,Recommended,327410,12832496,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,quakeman,"yes it got it ... that feeling that immersion that I only found long long time ago...http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DfUndZdPnDA..what makes you feel you are there, what makes you lose track of time what makes you feel alive...... games are a wonderful thing...but few makes you feel......the fact that I lived for 24 years at floor 10, and my parents arent in their room anymore...I slept in class...I always looked outside...where my mind was...lonely travels......decades ago I use to love making paper planes...and let them fly from my bedroom window..."
,Not Recommended,327410,33578193,Posted: 15 July,all,haRT3r,Boring as ♥♥♥♥.
,Not Recommended,327410,25861634,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Iyamtebist,"""However, I can easily tell for a fact that a Freebird games is not the type that has no consideration of what others desire in games. As previously mentioned, they made To the Moon; a game that largely did follow conventional standards of writing. Making a true form of postmodern art is not to just throw all of the rules out the window and just make whatever; it is to throw out the rules that do not matter in the slightest. All that having an absence or sense of coherence does is demonstrate why they were rules in the first place; because a work like this cannot function without them and becomes dull and tedious. As such, I cannot recommend A Bird Story. If you are part of the small niche that just happens to “get” what these types of games are about, then I may be able to recommend this, otherwise you should just pass on this and wait until To the Moon 2 is released.""Full Review Herehttp://www.gamefaqs.com/PC/706841-a-bird-story/reviews/161226"
76561198316613790,Not Recommended,327410,32061898,Posted: 30 May,all,真空,"To be honest, far less interesting than To the moon.    6/10"
,Recommended,327410,13015164,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,PULANCO{RHEIO},I've got feeled the game its so much fun
,Not Recommended,327410,25083288,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Goldoche,Story failed to engage me. Very boring.
76561197992113445,Not Recommended,327410,23862597,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,nunezilla,Painfully boring.
,Not Recommended,327410,31207196,Posted: 17 April,all,ArcaneM37,"As a fan of To the Moon, I really wanted to like this game, but I just can't recommend it. There seems to be no purpose for the player to be a part of this at all. Every significant action is done for you. All you do as the player is press the arrow keys to follow a clear and predictable path to the next scene that plays out before you. Unlike To the Moon, there is no interacting with other characters, not hidden areas to explore, no explanation for why the other characters are greyed out and why the schenes feel disjointed and dream-like, and no puzzles whatsoever. Even when they had a Scooby Do-esk hallway of doors scene, the player just watches and does nothing. That would have been a great place to put in a puzzle. Overall, I was bored and disappointed. I hope the next one is nothing like this one and more like To the Moon.2/10 cannot recommend"
,Recommended,327410,12859013,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Biluś,"A simple story that is just as much or even more excitement than To The Moon. It has great fitting music. It's hard not to recommend. Although it lasts a little over an hour, still worth the money. If you've played To The Moon you perfectly know what I mean and also that you have to play it."
,Recommended,327410,23489497,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Snikk0r,"A Powerful Story About A Boy & His BirdA bird story is more of a short film than it is a game due to the lack of interaction. Out of the entire game there's only really a few buttons to press and you get hand-holded throughout all of it, which I really think detracts the overall feel.Nevertheless it holds a captivating story with a great soundtrack to go with it. The whole adventure is mute in conversation which really adds to the emotional depth, especially within the characters. Somehow though, it feels slightly overdeveloped due to the different techniques used, which can be felt within the game.Overall though 6/10"
76561198081123564,Not Recommended,327410,25175211,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Danny,Play it if you have the time to kill......
,Recommended,327410,12869310,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Musta,"[ENG]The hype was real guys! I just finished it besides my wife and it is such a remarkable piece as is To The Moon. I felt really involved on the history, the questionings are so simple and yet so remarkably well done. Something like what we can play here is not really common on video games. Thank you Mr.Kan Gao (and everyone on Freebird Games) for bring to light such a beautiful game.[PT-BR]O Hype é real ferinhas! Acabei de terminar o jogo ao lado da minha esposa e ele é uma obra tão memorável quanto o To The Moon! Eu me senti realmente envolvido com a história, os questionamentos são simples e mesmo assim, extremamente bem executados. Algo como o que podemos jogar  aqui não é comum nos vídeo games. Obrigado Sr. Kan Gao ( e todo mundo da Freebird Games ) por trazerem à luz um jogo tão bonito."
,Not Recommended,327410,28899533,Posted: 1 January,all,Matt 马休,"An incredibly boring game that relies on a prentiously ""deep"" and ""emontional"" story about a boy and an injured bird. The ""Story Rich"" tag is misleading, although the music has been done well. The attempt at no use of dialogue, or written words anywhere fails at creating depth and meaning.The interaction mentioned in the description consists of the pixel movie interrupting at random intervals and requiring you to press the arrow keys for 10 - 20 seconds. Sometimes you pick up an object. The movie will not continue until you complete these tedious movements, and once you do it abruptly wrests control back from you and the movie continues.As another reviewer summated, this game is cheap, but it was a waste of time to play."
76561198123449377,Not Recommended,327410,28788798,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,jayseven,"Quirky, quaint, but not quite matching the quality of To The Moon.Worth what I paid for, and a nice little title - but go play To The Moon instead."
,Recommended,327410,14069990,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Vanyel,"It's a really short game that's true. But without any conversation you are playing the game. They tried something new in this game. A little boy found a injured bird all i can say without spoiler. It's like a real story.When i was a little boy, i found a pigeon. She was injured and she couldnt fly and the weather was freezing. I took her into a box, gave her a food and water. I helped her to warm up. After 1 week she was ready to fly and we saw her flying into the sky. I remembered thx to the bird story.Well musics are great, story is great, cheap game... What are you waiting for? I will recommend this game."
,Recommended,327410,12929695,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,CobaltMK,"Can someone explain to me how Games like ""To the Moon"" and ""A Bird Story"" ,with simple graphics and gameplay, can tell better and more emotional storys than most AAA-Titles? :D"
76561197984322112,Recommended,327410,12839042,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,[TLGS] Mario-x,"Game is not translated into English.Hour long story, a relaxing story that you can lean back and listen to."
,Not Recommended,327410,22480505,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Edorian,.
76561198030916756,Not Recommended,327410,24080540,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Katelin,"Unfortunately, this game didn't captivate me as much as I hoped it would. My daughter, however, really enjoyed the story and the movie like feel of the game."
76561197992262628,Recommended,327410,12838924,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,reece,Captures both the reality and romanticism of being a child.
76561198009128438,Recommended,327410,12837386,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,ewansomers,"Beautiful. Does more in an hour with no words than most AAA games. Not that it's a game in that sense. More of a story with slight interaction. Quite the emotional punch. It helps to have played the also wonderful ""To The Moon"" by the same developer."
76561198195036314,Recommended,327410,26212611,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Champignon,"This game was to me like a kinda book with no words, a touching short story.A nice music. I spent a lovely time going through it.Overall it was a very pleasant experience :)"
,Recommended,327410,12869335,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,أوركيدا,imagine the world in this little boy's eyes. i used to be like that! plus loved the music and very heartfelt experience.10/10 for the feeelsss.
,Recommended,327410,23783696,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,SareyZ,"It's NOT ""To The Moon,"" and don't try to compare. It's NOT an adventurous game (more like a short movie you click through). It's NOT something you should think too deeply about. Do not try making logical sense out of it. Plane's fly, tree's move... get over it. Enjoy the atmospheric idea of it.It has cool art, neat features, a basic console system, and even mini-games.I didn't expect tears. I didn't expect to become attached, but then it all happened at once.Go in with the main gist of the story-- that helps with comprehension at the beginning. A quick Google of the Wiki article should suffice. I did that, and it cleared things up immensely.For the price it is, definitely, at least give it a shot. Simplicity at its finest :)"
76561198044716640,Recommended,327410,23913777,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,CoopDawgz,"Wow, this game floored me--I spent over half of it fighting back tears. A Bird Story, just like Kan Gao's previous game, To the Moon, is fantastic visual novel that uses its terrific musical score to create genuine emotion. This is an adorable story presented in a fresh way. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,327410,16747891,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,AquaRegia,"Beautiful art and BGM, but the feels of To The Moon is touching better I think.But still, I recommend you to buy this game."
76561198063034174,Recommended,327410,22345409,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Mrs. Cancerpants,"Good, short little game from the makers of To The Moon. A kid finds an injured bird and helps it recover, play it.Btw, why does someone have 82 hours of playtime on this game? That's enough to finish it like 80 times or something."
,Recommended,327410,23571543,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,marshmallow shortcake,"An hour of story and it's really meaningful. Was a bit hesistated at the intro but as it goes, the story gets more interesting and meaningful. Did not regret getting this! The soundtracks are really heartfelt and amazing too."
76561197998893232,Recommended,327410,15156307,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Zhu,"Well, i'll explain to you why this is a ""must to buy-game"" :I've played not only ""A bird Story"", but also ""To the Moon"" and, of course, ""To the Moon"" is a great, well structured, game with a quite long story.1- ""A bird Story"" is similar to his predecessor, but it has less things and that could make you twist the nose. First of all, it does not have any dialogues (or similar), but it's all focused on the story told like in a film.2- You're impersonating a kid, so you will see the world of this little story by the kid's eyes. Don't expect the feelings tasted in ""To the Moon"", but also, you must not start this game with prejudices.3- The price seems too high for an hour gameplay game. This is wrong. Does not matter the price/time, but the quality/price and in this case you will find an incredible quality for this ""indie"" price.4- Enjoy it, try it, live it and get moved!"
,Not Recommended,327410,29968669,Posted: 16 February,all,mr K,"meh... this game tries to be poignant, but it's actually repetitive and quite boring..."
76561198041995956,Recommended,327410,13737699,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,bahamut66,"Funny and touching, surreal and dreamlike, and just a tiny bit sad.  A Bird Story is a masterpiece of pixel art design and endeavors to show rather than to tell.  The game has no written text anywhere in the game.  Everything is told through analogy, metaphor, pantomime, and thought bubbles.  It's interesting, all the small touches that are put into the game to emphasis emotion and idea.The sprite work here is just amazing.  You can see so much in each expression and position of the sprites.Why is this a game though?  It's a wonderful visual feast for the eyes and the soul, but control is largely...unnecessary.Should you buy it?  Well, it's about an hour long, but it is an emotional experience.  That one hour makes you feel more than many games do in 20.  It's hard to justify the price though.Nevertheless, this developer is one I highly respect and I want to see more of their work.  A Bird Story is actually a prequel to their future work...so, to make sure we get it, please support this game.  It's not an experience you will forget anytime soon."
76561198116738523,Recommended,327410,14686309,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,ChallengeCorner,"Don't expect the same story as To the Moon. This one comes from a different angle, but gets the same emotional response, if not at a slightly lower level. The $5 is totally worth it for a game of this stature."
76561198199778201,Recommended,327410,32560715,Posted: 19 June,all,KlongX,At first I keep the thumb down because the story is a bit of hard understanding.And there are tons of mystery I don't understand. But now as I see the trailor of Finding Paradise(2nd Episode after To The Moon) I found that A Bird Story look like a Pre-Episode of Finding Paradise (If I'm not wrong).So I understand that the pre-episode shouldn't spoil Much of the game content in the main episode. Anyway the Soundtrack still keep me impressed.
,Recommended,327410,33178997,Posted: 3 July,all,Sienical,"It was cute. I was into it.I didn't cry, though. I was promised crying, I was ready for it, but it didn't happen. And I'm an easy cryer, so... yeah. Prepare yourself?A bit more gameplay would have been nice, but the cut-scenes were beautifully animated for an RPG Maker game."
,Recommended,327410,33170119,Posted: 2 July,all,Edna Mode,10/10 soundtrack10/10 graphicsSummary:Yes the story was ^&*(ing obvious but it didn't bother me a single bit.Only let down was the horrible movement mechanics. Runs beautifully on my potato
76561197992334614,Recommended,327410,14091827,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,iboon1991,"If you do not cry, you have no soul. This is not a game, but it is one of the best things I've every gotten on Steam. You will enjoy it right to the end."
76561198061246726,Recommended,327410,14121015,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Mr. StealYourGirl,"Young Boy + Injured Bird = Giant Paper Airplane11/10 ""Cute.."""
76561198287966307,Recommended,327410,33242021,Posted: 4 July,all,Serenity :),"cute story, achievement appears to be broken thoughOn review achievement is just broken for mac uses, kind of annoying would be nice if the creators would fix this."
,Not Recommended,327410,33291593,Posted: 5 July,all,NeoTheFox,"Ok, this is not at all what I wanted to see.This is a step back from ""To the moon"", and a big one. The story is nothing special, it's cliche, the dialogs had been omitted, I haven't enjoyed this one at all. Music and visuals are good, but nothing special - it's on the average level.This one also has a VERY annoying habit of taking the controls from you at every step - you supposed to control the character, but half of the time it has a mind of it's own, and you feel like you are not involved at all with what is happening.I hope the developer would improve in the future, because this is not an improvement."
,Recommended,327410,33078008,Posted: 1 July,all,ani.for.prez,It's a simple hour long story with some symbolism and themes that you might enjoy. Lovely music. No gameplay worth speaking of. Worth it for a dollar or so. Wish there were graphical options though.
,Recommended,327410,27998529,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Darth Vader,1 hour animation  with  an unbearable graphics . Can't complain much for a 1$ game.
,Recommended,327410,28788919,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,mirco.casti,NOT as sad as TO THE MOON.still not a bad game 6/10
,Recommended,327410,24298739,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,AMB 10,These tears are real.
,Not Recommended,327410,34006759,Posted: 3 August,all,the1stNoelle,"This was pretty disappointing. The story is slow and while I understand this is a story based game, it feels like I'm watching it more than playing it. I would have prefered this as an animated short rather than as a game."
,Recommended,327410,13763320,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Sok4R,"A very different game from To the Moon, as it is much shorter and without any dialogue. It is a somewhat surreal experience for adults, as it tries to mimick what is going on in the head of a child and mixes reality with imagination, which I find very intriguing. The major downside for me is that it does not have much interactivity, as most the game is playing an cut scene and even if the players gets control, there are no choices as it is completly linear.The soundtrack is amazing as before, no big orchestra but a smaller scaled sound for a smaller game. The aestetics are debatable, I am personally not particularly fond of the RPG-Maker graphics and they tend to look very crowded despite only being 2d-sprites.The experience is different from To the Moon, but enough to stands on its own."
76561198107544160,Recommended,327410,14261556,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,munkomunk,I wasn't almost crying at all
76561198130514798,Recommended,327410,12849149,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,amphetamachine,I accidentally the whole bird. Is this bad?
,Recommended,327410,12875763,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,The_Protagonist 主人公,"Quite different from To the Moon; and the difference actually had me hesitating during the first few minutes of gameplay. Soon enough though, I was pulled into another amazing story about a boy who one day encounters a wounded bird...There is no dialogue in this game; which I at times felt limited the interaction. Both a rich story and humor is brought by ""merely"" the visuals and sounds; and what a story it is!The game is a bit short, took me around an hour and 20 minutes to complete. It's still an extremely emotional experience, which I duly recommend. This is also supposedly the prequel to the next installment in the franchise ""Finding Paradise"", which I will most definitely get when it releases after playing this.One thing is for sure; this is a story that could not be told with such constructions as words!"
,Recommended,327410,33894845,Posted: 29 July,all,khal froyo,...what kitchen doesn't have a sink though?
,Recommended,327410,26053279,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Kurosorλ,"Short but tells a good story,7/10 would befriend a bird"
76561198122736066,Recommended,327410,12962226,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,GODS! I HATE GAULS!,dat music do
,Recommended,327410,12881017,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Bradsha,"A very short gem which successfully conveys more impactful feelings, and overall emotion in a one hour timeframe than most games try to accomplish in nine."
,Recommended,327410,21481048,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Kamfeth,> 11 Languages to choose> Not even a single word has been spoken during the entire gameLogic
,Not Recommended,327410,13695962,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Candygaming,"This is not a game, it is more of a sielent movie. Half of the game you cant interact at all, and when you are finaly able to controll the figure you may only be able to use 1 button, and therfore walk in a straight line. Even when you can use multiple buttons the gae have s clear path where you are suposed to go, and will force you to take a U-turn if you try to go even slightly of corse. The story in itself is Ok, but not enogh to comensate fot the lack of freedom or gameplay."
76561198089958286,Recommended,327410,13132293,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Venom Snake,Another beautiful game by Freebird games...sometimes you just gotta let go !
,Recommended,327410,21297817,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Rocco,Boy makes giant paper airplane and uses it to travel the world in 1 night with injured bird. 10/10
,Recommended,327410,27400318,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pertel,"A very touching story that you can ""live"" through in about an hour.  Well worth the time and money spent."
,Recommended,327410,26171961,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Crépe,This is the beautiful 1-hour game!
76561198039480319,Recommended,327410,26150621,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Darkvoid Bluff,"Pleasant and melancoly story of a boy, a bird and some paper planes.Minimal  actual gameplay."
,Recommended,327410,26198011,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Rancor,Excellent prequil to the dream teams next adventure.
76561198258462991,Recommended,327410,35313855,Posted: 29 September,all,Dlods,"Few games with no dialogue could give one as enriching an experience as this game. A Bird Story was at times heartbreaking and others timelessly hilarious as you are reminded the protagonist in indeed a child, with a childlike view of the world. With relaxing music coupled with beautiful artwork, this game is a must for those who enjoy a visual novel. The game has very little in the way of playing it rather than watching a story unfold, so those expecting an interactive experience should keep this in mind. I had no complications playing this game, it ran very smoothly. I'd recommend this game to anyone looking for an hour or so of a heartwarmig story. Looking forward to Finding Paradise!"
,Recommended,327410,35032258,Posted: 17 September,all,shelleybrown05,This game is not as much a game as it is an interactive movie. It is so moving and wonderfully done. I give it 5 stars!
,Not Recommended,327410,25953066,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Mutant,"I really don't get the point of making something 'interactive' when it has no effect at all on the story. Like the idea, story and art but the complete useless interaction bothers me."
,Recommended,327410,12855120,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,jokerjacket,เนือเรื่องสนุกมาก
76561197996088942,Not Recommended,327410,26197015,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,ASTAPP,"Very borring. The game was playing with is self whole the time. The story is too slow and familiar.This game have just one good thing - it's a sound, musec is wonderfoll."
76561198039114448,Not Recommended,327410,13397856,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Blatherskite,"seems like alot of people liked this game and compared it to To the Moon which i thought was amazing and emotional.  I was hyped thinking i would get an even better story, however i found the story to be very empty and very short not worth the five dollars. would not recommend"
,Recommended,327410,12864942,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Vrox,Yes.
76561198081579718,Recommended,327410,12913907,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Manuel Calavera,"A worthy successor, but the daily tasks can become repetitive"
76561197976560116,Not Recommended,327410,31109104,Posted: 12 April,all,Draque,"This game demands that it be taken incredibly seriously from start to finish, and after playing To The Moon, I was willing to give it the benefit of the doubt. But at 60 minutes, this game was 59 too long. There is little to no interaction, the basic storytelling is very confusing (was a character hit? Was the sound effect indicating distress? A physical action that took place?). For a story with no dialog and little interaction, oversignts and problems like that leave you completely at a loss for what to think or take away from it.The lack of dialogue is a neat idea, but without dialogue, there needs to be some form of interaction. Occasionally the game will grudgingly allow you to transport the character to the next scene or to open a door, but then it's back to absolute tedium. It is buggy as well. I lost progress twice when I accidentally wandered outside of the boundaries of the game's allowed geometry and couldn't get back. The movement was frustrating as well. It is both slow and difficult to control.I feel bad being so incredibly negative about this game, but what happened?? This is not worth the time to play if it were free. Somewhere buried in this game is a deep and heartfelt message, but it's under too many layers of confusion and tedium for me to dig out.I really hope that future games are more like To the Moon and less like this one. Hopefully just a minor experiment."
76561198032401973,Not Recommended,327410,31156619,Posted: 15 April,all,Violinemia,Nice music and pixel art but relatively short. It's more like an experential game of how to portrait a story in a new way.
,Recommended,327410,12843300,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,D!!,"No so long and original as ""To the Moon"", but still great deep and touching story. Nice prequel for upcoming ""To the Moon Episode 2""."
76561198009931233,Recommended,327410,12908257,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,sexel,music's great
,Recommended,327410,12908204,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Oscar-Mervin. Chen,...10/10...
76561198058876921,Recommended,327410,12896124,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,mysth|ca,Certainly an indie gem!To the moon compelled me to buy this sequel and I'm not disappointed!A tear bringing story thats worth hearing!
,Recommended,327410,13180020,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,StokedToast,9/10
,Recommended,327410,14024137,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,/\/\utt0,I'm a bird yo.
76561198094153679,Recommended,327410,25406921,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Jaybird187,does the story unfold farther?
76561198072826923,Recommended,327410,29382680,Posted: 20 January,all,KOS-MOS,Nice 1$ experience
,Recommended,327410,33200016,Posted: 3 July,all,rina,Wonderful
,Recommended,327410,14091274,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,xulapa.anu,"Meh, a bit dissapointing."
76561198046900023,Recommended,327410,23521495,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,[SFFA]Dark Linshao,"My reviewWell i dont have many words to describe it because this game speak for himself. The Game is brilliant, the colors and Graphics make you feel you are with the guy in the story.The controls are easy but what is more important is how the Story get in to you. This is my second time playing it and believe it... i cried and couldn 't let my mind go out about how sometimes we feel like with him.The music is amazing i really loved it... plus the  fun moment with the doors (not gonna spoil it so check it yourself and laugh).I can say i m really happy to bought this game with the OST and i m waiting much more of this games from the creator.If you ask :Linshao Will you  play this game again over and over?I can say: yes.. but not 1 hour after hour... give some time and then do it. So each time i play i can feel it like it was the first time i get ti.So i bring a 10/10.I recommend it and if you know parents, friends , grandpas, lovers etc. Make them play it. This is a Story to share."
,Recommended,327410,28768428,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,kremennik ♥,!!!
,Recommended,327410,12834881,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Saint Satan,"Pretty disappointing, it wasn't even half as good as To The Moon.3 outta 5"
76561198068417399,Not Recommended,327410,34653622,Posted: 1 September,all,NerdErudito,"This is the closest thing humanity will ever get to an animated movie of Hatoful Boyfriend.Jokes aside, I have enjoyed a lot To the Moon and I tried so hard to like this but it is not engaging or touching."
,Not Recommended,327410,35021884,Posted: 17 September,all,forkburn,Story is not so great.
,Recommended,327410,12845902,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Sparky,I cried. 10/10
,Not Recommended,327410,23869260,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,ONE PUNCHCHICKEN,it's not as good as to the moon. its more a dlc than a game. dont expect to much
,Recommended,327410,14063777,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,QueueSS,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mk-oQi4TZSs
,Not Recommended,327410,14050852,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Thomas Yalarin,"What a waste of time and money for this thing. This is a short film, not a game.Çoluğunuz çocuğunuz, yeğeniniz falan varsa 2-3 yaşlarında alın yanınıza onunla oynayın. Yoksa benim gibi eşşek kadar adam olduysanız o parayla indirimde ne oyunlar alırdım derdine düşersiniz. To the moon gibi bir şaheserden sonra ters köşe yapmak bu olsa gerek."
76561198002357870,Not Recommended,327410,25030884,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Blackwind,I could not give a single♥♥♥♥♥♥about that bird.
,Not Recommended,327410,13373169,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,kindman,"this is the first time i write a negative review on steam and i wonder if i should just shut up and don't question what a lot of people seem to enjoy as an emotional experience in this game,  but i feel like i betray those wonderful games out there that i consider emotional. so,  first things first: i love story based games and i don't (really) mind that the game is basically a 90 min cutscenes that is interrupted by push-that-button-sequences. the thing is: the story of that game is pure unadulterated kitsch! it's the cheesiest story you could think of where a little sad boy finds a little hurt bird and they become best friends and then it's raining and then there is the sun again!  i felt embarrassed towards the end. it's the kind of story dolores umbridge would think suitable for kids if she was a muggle. i can't shake off the feeling  that people are so sick with violent action stories in videogames (which i applaud to) that they don't even realize what kind of utter bullsh... they choose in a hysterical reaction. if you are looking for different emotional experiences aside from heroism and bloodbaths in videogames i would advise the following: brothers -  a tale of two sons,  the vanishing of ethan carter,  dear esther, the blackwell adventures, Papo & Yo,  Braid, Contrast,  Thomas was alone,  Pid, Trauma, the wolf among us, echo of the wilds, limbo, the swapper, gemini rue or  gone home.  for example.i'm really sorry if i come across arrogant, but i kind of feel strongly about the topic..."
,Recommended,327410,12895276,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,unclghost,Awwwwwwwww
,Not Recommended,327410,13704910,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,thecowgoesmoo,"""C'est magnifique, mais ce n'est pas le jeu. C'est de la folie.""-Pierre ""Pixel"" Bosquet"
76561198053526152,Not Recommended,327410,16750116,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,adognamedfish,"Wow... this was underwhelming. I love To the moon, but this slow, non-interactive mess was just a waste of time. Few scenes where truly touching. Overall one just waits for the next interactive element to finally start. To the moon did not have varied gameplay, however(!) you were in control almost all the time. During the 80 minutes it took me to complete (including some breaks) A Bird Story I thought of quiting the game several times. Tbh I simply continued due to my faith in the developers after To the moon.The lack of interactivity harmed this otherwise intriguing game.My verdict: 1/5 - recommended only for fans of the predecessor. The music is nice-ish."
76561198085329704,Not Recommended,327410,17296394,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Rain Flare,Boring and pointless game. Not even close to the experience of To The Moon.
,Not Recommended,327410,32634367,Posted: 21 June,all,Nyanpire,This game is really boring and I just didn't like it. :\
76561197968540920,Not Recommended,327410,13268119,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Jerecho,"While possessing many of the elements that made To the Moon beautiful, the story is lost without the dialogue and decication to keeping the story grounded in reality.  Each moment you hoped it would come back to normal (like in To the Moon), you're left disappointed with the story getting less believable.I really hope this was just a fun side project and nothing more."
,Not Recommended,327410,31242552,Posted: 19 April,all,Kevinfornape,"This is a story, not a video game.The music is pretty good, even great at times. This is probably the main reason quite some people like this game. This definitely gave the game a boost in my rating of it.The animation isn't outstanding or anything, I mean, it's pixel-art, but even for pixel-art, this doesn't look good. The protagonist is in the middle of a tile, even during the cutscenes, so when he picks something up or gives something to someone, it looks weird, which is emplified by the fact that it's done right when he picks up his backpack. The transitions from place to place are done in a strange way, sometimes effectively, sometimes it just looks dumb. Its backgrounds are great though, mostly.It's in the ""game"" part that this game fails; the ""game"" to this game is no more than walking from point A to point B and ocationally pressing directions to move the cutscenes along, which was pretty weird and it felt unnatural to do so. The parts where you walked around from point A to point B also just kind of plop you in like ""Hey, remember that this is a game? Good. Now roll the next cutscene."" It felt especially weird with the arrow keys showing up on screen after every cutscene, even though I had been using my controller for the past half an hour. If this were to be a YouTube short film, I'd say this is good, but it's a game, for which you have to pay 4 dollars (or pounds or euros or whatever), which is a bit expensive for what it is. The game drags on for way too long at times, it gets really boring.It certainly doesn't help that the times that you do walk around, your movement is very limited and stiff. First of all, you have to use either a controller or the arrow keys, not WASD, which isn't a big problem, but it sucks you can't just change that in the settings. Second of all, you're being taken down a path, and there are invisable walls sprinkled across the place for no good reason I can think of. Third of all, and most importantly, you move from tile to tile. I thought we fixed this like 10 years ago!? Why is this still a thing? You can't go diagonally and you can't input-buffer your directions. This was frustrating to sit through for a person like me.I don't know why the creators of this game decided not to add any dialog, but I find this to be an unnecessary detail. Like, it's implied that they talk, so why not just add some words and not by unnecessarily cryptic? The images in the speech bubbles were clear as day anyway, so just typing up a sentence wouldn't have made this a less complex work or whatever.One particular thing that A:♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off and B: made my opinion of this game sink even deeper, wasa flashback. We were just being chased around by the nurse lady (because ""comedy"") and should know full well that the kid should've left the bird at the hospital with her, or at least that the nurse lady wants to get the bird into the hospital, and then the boy sees that the bird can't fly, so of course, we, as the viewe- Ahem, sorry, ""player"", would think that the kid will probably bring it back to the vet. And then they throw in the flashback. Like, we know this, and if anyone reading this didn't, you weren't paying attention, or you didn't play up to that point yet. That was one of the main plot points of this story, and after just being reminded a couple of seconds ago, we apparently still need a flashback. ARGH, that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. So did the sloppy attempts at comedy by the way, but that's probably partialy due to the grumpy mood THIS GAME put me into... A-Anyway.Final thoughts:Just go watch a playthrough of this on YouTube if you really want to know the story, and there is no more to this than just the story. Markiplier or jacksepticeye probably played this. It's free like that anyway. That's closer to the price this is actually worth.2/10."
,Not Recommended,327410,13263092,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,misotsuki,"This story is sweet, but unforgivable short and simple. It might be moving, but i do think it not worth its cost."
,Not Recommended,327410,13218669,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Retired? | Kernel,"4/10 pace is way too slow, and not enough buttons to press. Just too simple to entertain me, and I felt like a chore from the moment the game started. Maybe less annoying if I had controlled the character for more than 5 minutes of my 70-minute experience. The onscreen control prompts are also disruptive to the experience. At times I thought I could take control but ultimately could not, and the design of games like this should always make it apparent when you have control and when you do not by the dialogue (not present for good reasons) or some other indicator. I liked To The Moon, for the record, but this is just boring and uninspired pixel movie where you ocasionally hold right and press space bar. Buy it to support the To The Moon sequel if anything; that's what I did."
,Not Recommended,327410,19925998,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Astery,"I loved To the Moon, and expected at least a tiny bit of what made To the Moon great exist in A Bird story. I didn't expect this.A Bird Story's no dialogues design approach, and I do mean absolutely 0 dialogue, is what I found the most problematic. Even in AAA titles with full facial motion capture cannot convey all details into a game with just that alone . They require speeches to help. That just goes without saying that 2D sprites/ RPG maker is even less up to par with that job. No matter how much effort were put into drawing each sprites for different animations, the full intent simply does not convey well and at times it becomes tideous to guess what the characters are actually feeling with no dialogues or any text at all to understand what they are really thinking. It's like reading a Sims chat in the Sims, yes the general feeling is understandable, but I have really no idea what the character is thinking/ saying exactly, and it hurts a narrative heavy focus expierence like A Bird Story deeply.The game continues on worse than a silent movie- (a silent movie do have at least some text to help audiences know what the actor is reacting to or thinking), with things that aren't making any sense keep on happening (moving trees, environment kept changing etc.)  makes following the story incrediably dull and hard to endure. All my interactions- as rarely as they are available, are most often meaningless and did not really make me feel any bonding with the bird, which is supposedly the character I should care about.A Bird Story is the first game I ever requested a refund, and I truly hope Finding Paradise would turn out better."
,Not Recommended,327410,18604298,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Namo,"I loved To The Moon, but this game I just ...didn't get. It had some cute moments, but when I was playing I didn't really get immersed in the story because I wasn't really sure what was happening. And without a story to get invested in, this is just a bit boring."
,Not Recommended,327410,13523148,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Wielki Pierogo,"Previous game from these developers was great, this wasn't."
,Not Recommended,327410,13700817,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Audio Charger,"Let me start by saying, that I personally am a huge fan of ""To the Moon"" also made by this developer.  ""A Bird Story"" however falls far short of my expectations, and is frankly more of a short low graphic film than an actual game.To be completely honest, this game has few redeeming qualities other than the soundtrack, and to some extent a better control system than what I experienced in ""To the Moon"".  The story line itself however, is much shorter, very confusing, and does not draw any sort of emotional connection, as I thought I would get after reading other reviews of this title.I frankly am majorly disappointed by this title, and I hope that the developer can closer replicate the layers and intricacy of the story as seen in ""To the Moon"" before their next release.  My honest advice, would be to wait until they finish the sequal, as this is a pointless stepping stone that is both a waste of time and money.Pros - Soundtrack, perfected control system of seriesCons - No emotional depth, Almost no player interaction, Short and dryOverall - 2.5/10"
,Recommended,327410,13698969,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Zora,"65 minutes gaming, 45 of them crying. The story is actually not that good but the way they present it to you is extremely touching and immersive. Just buy it now, probably you won't regret it."
76561198010641857,Not Recommended,327410,21010080,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Ivan Moreira,"I loved To the Moon and I will play its DLCs now to see if I like it too, but this one just didnt grabbed me. I thought the history pretty shalow and holow. Insipid I could say. And quite cliché.The complete oposite of To the Moon and other interactive histories like this one.Still, the ambience is good, the pixel animation is good, the sound track is quite solid and soothing.Maybe Finding Paradise will make this history something that will make sense. But, by itself, its a rather poor history."
,Recommended,327410,12909993,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,So you think you can dance,"Yes, just yes"
76561198124647869,Recommended,327410,14498698,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,TheZfighter92,grate game had a nice story that made ye smile at parts if u liked to the moon i highly recommend trying this out
,Not Recommended,327410,13288732,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Jak B Funky,"If you were expecting anything nearly as well done or fulfilling as To the Moon, you will be sorely disappointed. Bland story, clunky and close to non-existant gameplay/interactivity, and repetitive visuals and sound design. Not a good experience. Only play this if it is free and you have a 90 minute span of your time to waste."
76561198028524406,Not Recommended,327410,13414691,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Noodle,"Compared to Kan Gao's masterpiece To the Moon, this game is a flop. There were opportunities to take meaningful turns in the story, but it ended up being pointless. The art and music are nice, though.If you haven't played To the Moon: type it into the search bar, click the icon then press buy. You'll thank me later."
,Not Recommended,327410,14274156,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Jyagaimo,"Waste of time.As most people I got this game thinking it would be as good as ""to the moon"" but apparently it has nothing to do with it. It's not even a game. You get to to use your arrow keys for maybe 3 min total in the whole game. If you want to watch a short pixelated animation movie with your kid or start him/her to video games, then you can go with it but otherwise it's sooooo boring! I couldn't wait for it to finish so I could find a new game to ribaund this one."
,Not Recommended,327410,14697742,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Beardsy,Meh.  May as well just been a flash video.  The controls add nothing to this.
76561198059003553,Not Recommended,327410,13707707,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,ZenMonkey,"2/4 thumbs upThis game is listed as an Adventure RPG, and it's by the same publisher as To The Moon, so I expected something similar.  Unfortunately, this game isn't an Adventure RPG.  Now, the description says it's an interactive animation, which is a more honest description, but I feel it even fails at that.  Why?  Because it's not ""interactive.""  On occasion it tells you to take the controls, but even when it does your option is only to do exactly what it wants you to do.  If you need to turn on a light, it doesn't let you do anything but turn on the light.  If you need to walk home, it doesn't let you do anything but walk home.  I don't consider that interactive, and I just felt annoyed and frustrated when it had me take control.So why'd I give it two thumbs up instead of one?  First, I enjoy and appreciate the graphical style.  Second, the story is touching.  Third, it was only $2.50 on sale.  A nice, touching, hour or so long story with nostalgiac graphics for $2.50 isn't a bad deal."
,Not Recommended,327410,17160381,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,magic_kiwibird,"The following is an opinion, so judge as you may.It's not that I didn't like it, but I don't believe the game is worth as much money as they're asking for it. It is advertised as a short game, which it is. However, being a story-oriented gamer, there wasn't much in terms of content. They had some interesting abstract concepts, but a lot of the time they just came off as confusing. The story overall was somewhat cliched, but it was cute. For a summary...Pros:-cute characters-short (if you're looking for that kind of thing)-didn't experience any glitchesCons:-cliched plot-confusing concepts-short (if you ARE NOT looking for that kind of thing)All in all, if you can get it on sale for less than a dollar, try it out if you want- but I would suggest simply looking up a gameplay to save yourself the time and money."
76561198030660219,Not Recommended,327410,17131877,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,sortaninja,"A very solid ""meh"". I tend to enjoy story-centered and exploration-based games, but this one just never got my attention.Most of the game drives itself, and you don't have to make any decisions. When you need to accomplish specific tasks, there are clear onscreen cues. I'm OK with all of this.The game felt slow. It may have mostly been a problem of character movement speed, during both player-controlled and automated portions. There weren't any surprises to the plot. It's a predictable story and an unoriginal plot. Some graphic elements seemed well-done, but nothing struck me as exceptionally magical or impressive. (The ""nest quest"" sequence was the most interesting part graphics-wise, I'd say.) I wouldn't be surprised if (nearly) all of the sprites were from a generic sprite pack.Nothing was exceptionally wrong about this game, it just failed to impress. When this genre was new, this game may have been worth a try. Now that we have plenty of exploration/story games to choose from, I think this one can very safely be skipped at any price.Since it's so short, though, it won't ruin your day if you pick it up for less than a dollar.I imagine a lot of negative reviews will come from people who don't like what this game was striving to be. Idolike what this game was trying to be, and I still can't quite recommend it."
76561198123717189,Not Recommended,327410,14269472,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,ponpommes,"not a game, not even a story. really boring"
76561198028973936,Not Recommended,327410,17262737,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Zolphia,"A Bird Story is about a lonely boy taking care of an injured bird. And despite the artistic, dream-world wrapping around it, to me that is an insufficient depth of story to cary the full game. A five minute movie, yes, but not a full hour. As a result, I was mainly bored while playing it and only continued because I knew it couldn't last that much longer.So I found it disappointing, especially since I really liked To the Moon and its complex, unusual and yet very human main characters. Something the next Freebird game will hopefully have again."
,Not Recommended,327410,14717880,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Midler,"I personally liked To the moon better than this one. It could have been a better story, but the short gameplays feels so unnessesary and the story is kinda boring. Sure i understand the story, but i dont think it was that good."
76561198044632043,Not Recommended,327410,19810498,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Stolar,"Not enough interaction and a story that completely failed to interest. If you're looking for a charming, barely interactive experience, try the far superior story-wise To The Moon rather than this."
76561198002914302,Not Recommended,327410,17130982,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Grumm,Don't bother.  Not worth the money.   Game makes no sense and does not want you to play it at all.  Play To the Moon instead.  Based on this sequel TTM could have entirely been a fluke
,Not Recommended,327410,23933523,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Chrisjuw,"Cute story for a kid maybe, except for the parts that are clearly fiction. Can be played within 1.5 hours. Another downside: you only receive 1 of 3 card drops in 2.5 hours..."
,Not Recommended,327410,14366816,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,ixurge,"i am sorry to write a bad review.i know i will receive A LOT of downvotes but....i really LOVED to the moon (go check my review if you care) but we are far far from there.story is.....simple, inconsistent, does not go deep in the feelings but i know it may be a personal matter.there is one thing that is absolutely amazing which is the soundtrack, as in to the moon, this is a masterpiece.The review is personal, it stands under my username so i write that, personally, i did not like this game"
,Not Recommended,327410,17831535,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,TARS,"To put it simply, I didn't like 'A Bird Story', I bought the game on good faith given that I loved 'To The Moon' but the gap in quality between the two of them is fairly massive. The plot here can't even compare to the far more enjoyable one in 'To The Moon'. This game essentially proved to me that being an interactive movie wasn't the reason I liked 'To The Moon' having a good narrative was the reason I did. If you haven't gotten the hint yet, I recommend that you don't buy this game, get 'To The Moon' its a far more compelling experience.You can read more about the game here:http://mouseandcontroller.blogspot.com/2015/09/a-bird-story.html."
76561198057773167,Not Recommended,327410,29829981,Posted: 10 February,all,mindaugas-kun,Couldn't find an option to replay on nightmare difficulty.
,Not Recommended,327410,31145104,Posted: 14 April,all,ハンザール君,"This is kinda good, but as a fan of To the moon, i regret to recommend because the history ins't make you have heavy feelings as To the moon did."
76561198020710401,Not Recommended,327410,29512627,Posted: 26 January,all,xChibi,No.
,Not Recommended,327410,13724370,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,genoforprez,"I absolutely loved the hell out of To The Moon, so I was very much looking forward to this game, expecting I might get an experience of similar quality, but A Bird Story is... odd.I can't give this game a definite thumbs up or thumbs down but am giving it a thumbs down mostly because steam forces you to pick one, but also it was just not personally to my taste, but that doesn't mean I would say it's BAD exactly.The positive that it has going for it is that Kan Gao is still an incredible director when it comes to getting complexity out of simple 2D pixel characters. My favorite example from A Bird Story are the two silent interactions between the protagonist and the stranger on the elevator. It's such a small subtle thing, but little things like that give a game world huge character. Very few other games writers/directors have such great writer's perception to be able think of and effectively portray those types of subtle little human moments, but Kan Gao is an excellent director in that regard.At the same time, though, I was also disappointed. While To The Moon was an extremely complex story with many characters, layers, and themes, A Bird Story is so simple it feels dull. To The Moon also had a certain degree of gameplay, what with hunting for memory links, solving puzzles, exploration, and some occasional mini-games. But sadly, in A Bird Story, it's pretty much just like watching a 2 hour cutscene where sometimes you press ENTER or hold down an arrow key for the movie to continue. (On more than one occasion, you can literally hold down any of the four arrow keys, and the protagonist just walks in any direction he wants. It literally doesn't matter where you want to go. It's just a movie that plays.)The almost completely absent interactivity/gameplay might have been fine if the story was complex and compelling enough to keep you wanting to know more. To The Moon excelled at this by making you hungry for more information about Johnny and his life, what the rabbits meant, what the hackey sack meant, who Anya is, what the significance of the moon is, etc etc etc. There are so many mysteries, curiosities, and unresolved threads that you just have to keep going. But in A Bird Story you kind of know exactly what is going to happen, and it doesn't really defy your expectations or surprise you at all.So my verdict is that A Bird Story is like watching a film that is the product of a pedestrian writer but an incredible director. It's hard to completely like it or dislike it.To The Moon is as emotional and wonderful and beautiful as Eternal Sunshine of The Spotless Mind or Annabel Lee.The writing in A Bird Story is unfortunately about as complex and interesting as its title. Still great direction, though.TLDR: Do not expect to get To The Moon out of this, but you might still enjoy it depending on whatever idiosyncratic tastes you might have."
,Not Recommended,327410,13018687,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Sparkileptic,"Most of you are probably here to get some more of To the Moon. Don't. This is hardly a game, and what little interaction it offers gamers is shoehorned to justify naming it a 'game'. The story is unambitious and never really lifts off for it to fall flat not 50 minutes later. Freebird Games needed more money to work on their upcoming title, and this was the method they resorted to. Watch someone's gameplay on youtube, I'm sure it's out there somewhere, and save yourself the $5."
,Recommended,327410,12869308,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,YoHolo,"This game made me puke!!SING-ALONG TIME*yummy yummy in my tummy, munchy munchy crunchy crunchy*Ahhh, that bird tasted delicious, also that paper airplane too :D"
,Not Recommended,327410,26363567,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,jayxan,"After playing to the moon, I impulse bought this purely because it was from the same minds. Boy was I sorry about that purchase.This game's plot is BORING BORING BORING. dont waste your time or money on this game."
,Not Recommended,327410,12962680,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Endless Odyssey,"Cute and thought-provoking, but lacking in impact, substance, and anything substantial enough to be honestly referred to as 'gameplay'."
76561198006817211,Not Recommended,327410,12938828,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Ornom0n,"Compared to the feels in force of thousand suns that To the Moon gave me, this one was pretty weak. It had a similar story that I've seen many times before in Disney movies and there were no memorable tracks like ""For River"". There's a chance though that my life has changed me in a way that these kind of stories no longer awake that much feelings in me, as back when I played TtM I had very little freetime and I enjoyed each moment of freedom I got immensely. At any rate, I still have faith in Freebird games and I will buy the real sequel to TtM when it comes out, as this one was just a prologue for it.Ps. Please finish Quintessence: the Blighted Venom!"
,Not Recommended,327410,13003882,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,TheSlorg,"Overview:A short interactive story about a boy who befriends an injured bird and the imaginative journey they share as the bird recuperates. Light on story and extremely light on 'game' elements, this will be worth the price of admission for some, but I feel this would benefit greatly from a price drop.Pros: For anyone who has played the amazing 'To the Moon,' this game is set in the same universe and is basically a prequel to the next full game in the series. As such, the graphics and music are familiarly pleasant.Cons: Sadly, I can not put 'story' in the pros column. Even setting aside my high expectations from To the Moon, the story here, while cute, is both too short and too predictable to be considered a pro. Everything you expect to see happen will occur, and when the credits begin to roll it will be difficult not to feel at least a little cheated. If there were any surprises within the story, or if it had been at least a 3 hour journey as oppposed to a 45 minute one, then this might have slid by me with a recommendation, if only barely. A game like this must encourage the player to develop a strong bond with its characters, and there's just not enough here to do that. It would help if the price were lowered a bit as well. At 45 minutes, this game is like paying $5 to download a single episode of a TV series, only you'll get more story out of the TV episode."
76561198098372841,Not Recommended,327410,12942079,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Osu' BengOsu',"I LOVED To The Moon and defended it against the ""not a game"" type of people. It had, at times, awful gameplay and a lot f times I just felt like throwing away my controller and close the game but it always pulled me back in with it's story.This however I feel has all the bad things from To The Moon and almost none of the good things.PROS:- the soundtrack is very nice, it may not have a For River in it but none the less is very nice- the visuals are nice, I especially like the transitions, and there is one place when you go from home to the school in a ""corridor"" kinda way, which I liked. It meant to symbolize that you do not want to go, you cannot wander around in the places you previously could, you HAD to go to school. Or at least that's what I got from that scene :) and I really liked it.CONS:- What disappointed me the most was the story. It was just meh. I was very hyped when I found out it was going to be a story told without any words, but it just didn't grab me. It was touching at times but very predictable and it didn't leave with anything. Months after I finished To The Moon I catch my self thinking about it but this is just a story about a lonely boy who saved a bird and remained as lonely as before.- And finally the gameplay who managed to be even worse that To The Moon. You can only move a tile at a time and I constantly went to far before turning right or left. I know it was probably meant to be played with the keyboard and not with a controller but as long as it has controller support I think it should be  more optimized for it. Given that the only ""gameplay"" it has it's movement I expected to be more...OK. You push the left stick up and it plays an animation until it reaches the next tile, the problem is the tiles are quite large and if you want to move left or right you have to wait for the up animation to finish and then it moves you so you always end up on the tile above the one you wanted and more often than not I was kinda running in circles which is really frustrating and immersion breaking. I didn't try it with the keyboard and I don't intend to because I feel it's lazy from the part of the developer to not test and optimize it's game.I know that it's a small indie team but movement on a grid has been around for more than 20 years and it's not rocket science.So in conclusion I cannot recommend this game even though I was looking forward to it ever since I played To The Moon and I bought it in the first day it appeared on Steam. I feel the developer was just lazy at what makes a game be a game. I'm all for story oriented games, I love To The Moon, Gone Home, Dear Esther but those being ""walking simulators"" they did a very good job at the walking mechanics, this is just rubbish at it. Maybe if it was 1h long animated film I would have appreciated more, but it's not."
76561197990932832,Not Recommended,327410,13249388,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,himself,Doesn't do anything to make the player understand what's happening and what his actions should be.Don't buy it!
,Not Recommended,327410,13063765,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Carpenterbator,"A Bird Story is a heartfelt silent narrative game. What it did may have completely ""flew"" right over me, but it most likely will affect others. I am not all too happy from playing it and even though I don't recommend it, it is only because it cannot surpass what To The Moon has done for me. Regardless, check it out if you like."
,Not Recommended,327410,23062019,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,SoloGod KILLER,"This game is nothing like To The Moon, its story isn't anything special and there isn't any real dialogue. It tries to be far to artsy and lacks everything that made To The Moon such a great game. Please skip this game if you don't want to waste a couple hours of your time."
,Not Recommended,327410,22963832,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Double Uppercut,"They should've called it ""A Bland Story"".Ha... ha... ha...I've never been opposed to JRPG-stylized games, wherein you play with a top-down perspective on pixelated sprites, but it severely limits the amount of range and emotion many other 3D games can achieve- like Brothers, a game I fondly remember (primarily because I beat it a few hours ago).A Bird Story is a story. About a child. And there's a bird in it. If you grew up watching kid's movies with an animal theme in them, I'm sure you can piece together the plot of A Bird Story.Kid finds animal- adults try to take animal- kid loses animal- kid finds animal again.It's as formulaic as it gets. And I wouldn't mind it as much, if there were some actual characters in this story. I don't mind characters without a voice (like the Naia and Naiee in Brothers), but all we know about the child is that he's a dreamer and likes birds. We know his mom loves him, but we never see her. We know little about his teacher and vet, except that they want to bird. To take care of it. Because it was injured.Seriously, why would anyone sympathize with the kid, if he's preventing the bird from appropriate medical care? I don't often sympathize with children for this exact reason. They let their near-sightedness get in the way of something far more important going on.And the way the child's imagination is handled is really strange and lazy. At first, it seems more like how he perceives the world, and how he dreams. But then he gets away from the vet by... dreaming up a giant paper airplane... and flying away...Did I miss something?A Bird Story can be enjoyed by somebody out there. Somebody who hasn't been exposed to the cliches of most animal movies for kids, and who doesn't mind bland characters, with some odd plot development. I'm giving this game a 3/10."
,Recommended,327410,12845449,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,kubazz,
76561198062951050,Not Recommended,327410,12975032,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Chris Conti,"I enjoyed the BGM quite a bit and the background art, however I can't say I really enjoyed this one. The story felt weak to me, like there wasn't any real drive to it. Since this game is mainly for the story, I'd have to say that it wasn't really worth my time because of it lacking a interestring story. I can only hope this isn't the future of all games from this developer, as compared to the previous game published ""To the Moon"" this one severely pales in comparison. Guess I won't be riding the hype train again any time soon =/.Edit: Oh and the play time is correct, I completed the game."
76561197972142968,Not Recommended,327410,22835800,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Chiken_Sammich,"Not really a game. It's more of a play that requires some input at times. Fair narrative, but I think it's a little overpriced at $4.99. I wish there was a volume option. The game only lasted about an hour & a half. & I am forced to listen to the BGM while running it in the background for cards."
,Not Recommended,327410,12847299,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,phinky,"Not as great or tear jerking as To the Moon, but I'm not dissapointed with the game. I just didn't feel nearly as emotionally attached to the story. Still great storytelling even without the use of words. Music is still excelent as well. Unfortunately the game doesn't quite stand up to the expectations I had after To the Moon."
,Not Recommended,327410,12983071,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,DS,"The storyline is very slow, which makes it quite boring."
,Not Recommended,327410,12844349,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Aloname,"I was actually very disappointed from this one... While ""To The Moon"" blew my mind and stuck with me till this day, this one just feels like... meh. The story is one that we've heard before and it didn't offer anything new or exciting. The surreal imagery could have led to so many interesting possibilities but instead the story goes nowhere and tells a very banal story. The music is amazing and the visuals are very interesting and I can see the Kan learned a lot and improved but in the story aspect, the main thing of this game, it just falls flat to me. Where ""To The Moon"" is one of the best, most emotional, most interesting and most original story I have ever heard, sticking with me and making me feel warm when I think of it; this one feels like it took the safe route and told a very bland story in a visually interesting but not emotionally interesting.If you want to see what Kan Gao can really do play ""To The Moon"", it's a must! This one... not so much."
,Recommended,327410,13847662,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,☠ Tzaar ☠,"Made by the creators of To The Moon, A Bird Story is the tale of the relationship between an isolated young boy and an injured bird he rescues.  The story is told entirely without dialogue or text, which is something completely new for me, but works really well in this case, leaving much of the story's interpretation up to the person experiencing it.   Add to that the delightful visuals and hauntingly beautiful soundtrack, and you have a masterpiece well worth experiencing.  In all honesty I've never felt so many varied emotions in a single game, much less a game that takes just over an hour to complete.A Bird Story isn't so much a game as it is a lovingly crafted work of art.  I highly recommend you give it a shot."
,Not Recommended,327410,12983432,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,IlZenza,"One word to define this thing: SCAM!One of the ♥♥♥♥tiest stories ever played, calling it a story it's a big effort because it's not a story.A kid finds an injured bird. cures it. the bird goes away. meanwhile we assist to some totally slow, unrelated and random, animations (yes animations, you do nothing as a player) of the kid going to school, to the vet, in the woods and back home.All you have to do is press direction keys once every 4-5 minutes to move and grab food from the fridge and stuff like that.It's a scam cause selling it as a simple animation, as a short movie, would have resulted in a sale failure, not even worth being pirated. but passing it off as a game gives Ken the chance to steal little money from all those people that loved the masterpiece that To The Moon was and that bought this thing blindly trusting the developer.As a simple animation this ♥♥♥♥ could have lasted 3 minutes, credits included, but watching more than one minute of it would have been a challenge.There's no story, you can't call this thing a story, the characters are the flattest ever.After finishing TTM i had the sensation i played the best game ever, after finishing this ♥♥♥♥ i feel so stupid just for buying it.Save yourself time and money and go have a beer instead.♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥."
,Not Recommended,327410,12891151,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,wolVenom,"It's ok, but I can't recommend it at this price. I feel like this should be a free teaser for the next story."
76561198071745787,Not Recommended,327410,12895536,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Death Grunty (Resk),"i have to be honest, this is like metal gear V: ground zeroesit feels (and im convinced) that this  is a teaser for their next ""game"".even though the story is interesting and the music is beautifuli cannot recommend it at this price, i would suggest to wait for a price dropthis ""game"" probably will be bundled with the next story since they are connected"
,Not Recommended,327410,12839721,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,SoonerPLUR,"Although I was a massive fan of To The Moon and have supported the company since, I am sad to write that I can not recommend this product at this price. The ""game"" is very minimalistic in interactivity (To The Moon, although sparse in gameplay elements, is far more interactive than this). If you view this as a sort of art piece with occasional interactive elements then you may be fulfilled but I personally was not blown away. I left with a smile, but an inner feeling of disappointment.View it as an art piece, but realize you're paying $5 for basically a one hour story with almost no interactity at all."
,Not Recommended,327410,12836711,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Tutty The Fruity,"Bought it immediately because I was a big fan of To The Moon and wanted to support the dev. Cannot recommend A Bird Story at full price as a standalone game, nevermind as a follow-up to previous works.Art assets and music are as strong as they've ever been and if you are going to buy the game, I STRONGLY suggest getting the bundle.The real emphasis should be placed on the story and gameplay, and I don't think there's enough here to justify a purchase. The emotional impact of the game is undermined by the relative predictability of the story and certain elements (characters?) are introduced solely to create some arbitrary sense of conflict and urgency. There is little sense of exploration, and gameplay consists mostly of following corridors that may/may not open up and the odd bit of interaction.There is some decent animating with the sprites to convey without dialogue, but the limited scope of the plot in general keeps that potential leashed. To The Moon's dialogue was a major strength in engaging the audience, and while it represents a considerable experiment for an author to communicate without it, it didn't do much for me.The game caps at roughly an hour of length; I cannot recommend it at its full pricetag, as much of the experience was simply going through the motions to tell what amounted to a very basic story and a preview of the actual sequel to To The Moon."
76561198067068724,Not Recommended,327410,12848926,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,ZeroInUtero,"Only a few cons, but it's a bit much for me:5,49 is too much for a one hour gameWasn't as emotional as To the Moon (not even close)The story is incompleteIf you don't care about the price, here's the pros:Great feeling of dreams/memories with the transitionNo dialogue make it more immersive and simpleMusic duh!"
,Recommended,327410,12832174,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,NaughtyRoman,The Best Game 2014 Year!GOTY!10/10
76561198052345676,Not Recommended,327410,12894005,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Ribnik,"Its worse than To the Moon.What else can i say? Decent music, decent pixel art, but... its just not To the Moon.I don't care about the bird, sorry."
,Not Recommended,327410,12853503,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Foxy,"After playing To the Moon I was very excited for this game to come out, but sadly after playing through it I can't recommend this game. Maybe it's just me but I felt that the story of this game was pretty predictable with where it was going to go. The whole story for me felt as though it was lacking something. The whole emotional connection from To the Moon just wasn't there. The visuals and music still had a very great feeling to them. This game had even less gameplay than To the Moon did. In that game there was exploration that you could do and some puzzles, but in this one it felt like simply just walking from point A to point B over the same few set-pieces. There are a few sections that changed this up slightly but they ended rather quickly. The whole game felt like just a teaser for the sequel of To the Moon. Save yourself the money that this game would cost and wait for the next full game."
76561198085171447,Not Recommended,327410,12853516,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,dogboat333,"*sighs* I wanted to like this game. I really did. I feel like I'm killing my inner self because of this, and I could barely write this review. But someone had to do it...I played the first game that the developer created, To The Moon. It was a touching story that kept me guessing every once in a while. I liked it, and when I heard that the dev was making a spiritual successor to To The Moon, I was curious to see what it would be about.It was either trying waaaaaaaaay too hard to be unique or not hard enough. The gameplay is basically use the arrow keys and press space. That's nothing really above To The Moon, though, so that isn't a problem, at least to me. The story was WAAAAAAAAAY too... confusing, something about a boy and a bird, having no words really doesn't help this story out. The graphical style is neat, but only the player and the bird (and later someone else) are colored, the other are black, just like some in the people in TTM, although in there it made sense with some explination while in here... it feels lazy. Soundtrack is good, that's nothing different.There are three problems this game has that I cannot forgive, however. One is that there are no words spoken. That may be cool to some, but for me it feels like an unnecessary thing that the game shouldn't have had. The story would've been better if they spoke and I could forgive the lazier parts of the graphics if they told the story with words. Two, after the initial sale, this will be five dollars or your regional equivelant. I got To The Moon for ten bucks and I felt like that price tag was reasonable. This is half that and I feel completely ripped off. Third, I JUST SAT THERE AND WATCHED CUTSCENES ALMOST THE WHOLE GAME! I'M LAZY BUT I'M NOT LAZY ENOUGH TO WANT EVERYTHING TO HAPPEN IN A CUTSCENE!I can only compare this to a piece of art. It may look nice, but you'll just look at it for a while before you decide to do something that's worth your time and money. 4/10, it isn't worth picking up."
76561198097417635,Not Recommended,327410,12873113,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,juice leskinen,This was seriously boring. A badly told sob-story with useless mechanics.
,Not Recommended,327410,12834896,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Hex_Pallett[CHN],"Well, don't expect a To The Moon kind of story, if that's what you're looking for. I mean, it's touching the serious topic of the inherent possessiveness of love, but it's more of the size of a beditme story, and is no way near as dramatic as To The Moon.However, in the end Kan clearly hinted that this♥♥♥♥♥♥s gonna have lots of sequels, so there's that. Also sountrack is great.7/10 will buy again. No sarcasm."
,Not Recommended,327410,12853155,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Echnaton,"Don't play this ""game"" when you are tired because it's very boring. It's easy to 100% but you will fall to sleep... The first game of Freebird (To the Moon) was much more better than this.It's not a game, it's just a visual novel without game mechanics, but you can not call it ""story"". Don't buy it, it's not worth it. Definetly not recommended!"
,Not Recommended,327410,12853627,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,kryst.child,Kinda Boring.  Not sure if it's going anywhere.  Keep feeling like I'm waiting for the actual game to start.  Maybe it's just atmospheric.
,Not Recommended,327410,12876635,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,kinya,Kinda boring
76561198021755479,Not Recommended,327410,12871612,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Shmeegashper,"I was told this game was going to be really cliche, but I thought I would give it a shot anyway, since I enjoyed To the Moon. It ended up being really cliche. I was glad it only took an hour. My favourite part was when it ended, and then after the credits it sort of scared me that it might be continuing, but thank God it didn't.Do not recommend."
,Not Recommended,327410,12838215,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Vladimir putin,"Can't skip massive drawn out intro to the main menu, which isnt' even a menu, even after waiting to get into the game you still can't skip anything or change out of 640x480 screen resolution, let alone borderless mode. I couldn't even get to start playing the game cause my mouse would fly over the screen with such a stretched resolution (640x480 to 2560x1080)"
,Not Recommended,327410,16998519,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Lanfeardk,"Slowest, most boring kids story ever with no gameplay or interaction necessary at all. Like a visual kindergarten book. Not at all like To the Moon. An hour of just looking at the screen seeing nothing happening, having no influence on anything. just waiting, slowly, until you turn to dust from the boredom of the story. Not heartwarming, just predictable.And if you play through it, remember it makes everything as a flashback in the end so you see it all twice! So dissappointed in the developers. Embarassing to charge money for.I wanted to buy the sequel to To The Moon but after this? Forget about it."
,Recommended,327410,17011665,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Narq,"This interactive story, both visually and musically, is charmng & endearing. A short, dreamy adventure that kept me fully engaged and smiling all the way through. I'm all in for anything this developer creates!"
76561198156060555,Recommended,327410,17043650,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Ututat,Perfect piece for an hour of chill.
,Recommended,327410,17317084,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,girlwithcow,"""A Bird Story"" is sort of a prequel to the next game in the ""To the Moon"" series, ""Finding Paradies"". It does pique your curiosity for the next game, but ""A Bird Story"" is a beautiful short game in itself. Just as beautiful as its predecessor, it also has an amazing art and original soundtrack. It does not include any dialogue and therefore leaves a lot of the story open for interpretation. Fans of ""To the Moon"" should not miss this game!"
,Recommended,327410,17101826,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,囍 YuFen,another freebird game that i loved! short and very sweet. Loved everything about this game!
,Recommended,327410,17162517,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Gunslingerjh,An amazingly beautiful short-story told through only music and visuals!Another great game by Freebird Games!
,Recommended,327410,17165642,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Lobolava,I will wait forever just to play the next game: Finding Paridise This was perfet on its own though 10/10 would play ag-FOREVER
76561198017051760,Recommended,327410,17166000,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,adamsworkshop,"A storng story with nice art and great music, The tale of a boy and brid told without saying a word a work of art. it's a very short game that calls to mind  the work of Studio Ghibli. worth your money at the cost of a comic book.play now lament child later!"
76561198078250714,Recommended,327410,16581388,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,sassin',"A fantastic achivement to accomplish such a strong emotional reaction with no dialogue and minimal player inputs. Delibertley short, well pased and in turns devastating and uplifting. Everyone has time to play through this once."
,Recommended,327410,16591172,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,sånic,"The game's title doesn't lie: this is a story about a bird. It's also about a boy.If you're looking for a game with a lot to do, this probably isn't the game for you. But if you've played To The Moon and are interested in a short story with some simple interaction to supplement it, here's your game. You'll mostly perform some simple, guided tasks to move the story along, and there's not much element of choice or exploration.A Bird Story's real strength is in its masterful storytelling-- without using any dialogue, it tells you a story from start to finish about a boy and an injured bird he finds.It's not a very long story either, so you might want to spring the extra few bucks for the soundtrack, which is worth the price on its own."
,Recommended,327410,16733069,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,RWBurnham,"While it lacks the emotional punch of To The Moon, this is a charming, short tale of a boy and his bird. The soundtrack is delightful."
76561198047295066,Not Recommended,327410,16675521,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Lucawa,"About the game...+++The game was interesting and sweet. A lonley boy with his bird friend.Also the gameplay was very interesting eventhough the player wasn´t doin that much. I really liked the style and the music too! The game tells a story without dialoges-so you have to think about the story and pay attention to all the actions  (plus: the story becomes more mysterious when you create your own theorys in your mind) Also the surreal part and the dark parts were awesome.--- For me, the story was a bit boring, because I always expected a plot twist or a higher climax...When theres a game which is nearly like a short movie where you can take part a bit , you may want more suprises..otherwhise you will get a bit dissapointed like me. I wouldn´t say that the story isn´t emotional but I just expected more. (maybe i didn´t get anything, because I didnt played ""To the moon"") I was waiting for an dark ending like : You found out that the boy killed himself- and he was a ghost or something (i dunno) but after playing and playing I knew there would be no mysterious or dark ending/story/side story - just a boy with his bird friend.Lonley boy turns happy with his bird and helps him everytime. Friendship playes a big role and I don´t want to insult anyone but I think its a game for children...The game is not bad but also not good (for me) ,because of the missing peak."
76561198132942186,Recommended,327410,17439159,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Darklust,"A wonderful little follow-up to ""To the Moon"", some cool little quirky mechanics and ambience elements to this game, short but sweet and sad."
76561198080781507,Not Recommended,327410,16949248,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Mr. Blonde,"This game managed to cure my insomnia, so I am very grateful for that, after ten minutes playing it, I managed to sleep like a baby. Besides that, the music was pretty good, the story, we'll, a lot is left to the imagination of the player and one has to guess when playing the boy's hallucinations. After playing To the Moon, this was a very dissapointing game."
76561198111811767,Recommended,327410,18917089,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,trojkat,Nice and simple story.
,Not Recommended,327410,18879996,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,One More Casualty,"A Bird Story is very cute and well pixelated, but beware if you're looking for something to actually *play*. In this case, ""Story"" is very literal. Get ready to watch about 81 minutes of RPG Maker autorun events, peppered with moments where the player is prompted to hit the arrow keys, because otherwise you might just assume the character is standing still for a long period during the huge cutscene that is this game.That said, it's clear a lot of love went into the making of A Bird Story. It's a touching tale (which didn'tmake me cry like ""thousands"" supposedly have, but it did have its ""Aww"" moments) about how important it is to let something go if you really love it. The background music is lulling, and the dreamlike transitions are a treat, with scenery melding together in strange and fantastical ways.If this were a movie, I'd recommend it heartily. However, being a game, it doesn't really offer much in theway of ""playing"", and I actually found myself frustrated at the end, feeling like I could have spent over an hour doing just about anything else."
76561197990406921,Not Recommended,327410,18884988,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,MMG Man,"this game is awful, it is more of walking simulator then anything and the story is abysmal."
,Recommended,327410,12994006,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Eery Petrol,"The narrative of an unspoken bond in the space of memories. The gameplay verges on non-existent, yet as an endearing experience, this makes the short time it occupies worthwhile."
,Recommended,327410,30600113,Posted: 18 March,all,Nillend,Emotions. This game delivers charm like none other. The connection with the characters and the story and instant and it takes you on the most wonderful ride.
,Recommended,327410,12871110,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,diazflac,"If you liked To The Moon, then you will also like this.It is a testament to the skills of Freebird Games that a game with no dialog could evoke so much emotion. Once again the soundtrack harmonizes perfectly with the visuals to create an amazing amount of feeling in each and every scene.You can think of A Bird Story as entry one and a half, in the series that started with To The Moon. It is a small part of the whole picture that will eventually be Finding Paradise, the sequel of To The Moon.That said, A Bird Story is a complete experience in itself, and one that should not be missed.Be sure to check outhttp://freebirdgames.com/for more great titles from these talented folks that haven't made it over to Steam."
76561198050045289,Recommended,327410,18481343,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Mooriah Cowrey,Less of a game than a story but an absolutely amazing story nonetheless.  The fact that this game portrayed every detail of the story and the fact that I understood every bit without a single word speaks volumes of this incredible game.  I would definitely recommend it if you want to immerse yourself in a great story with an absolutely incredible soundtrack.
76561198034256207,Recommended,327410,18508691,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,ChattyWhacker,Gosh Freakin' Darn It!  You made me cry again!  Short but really touching to me.  I guess I'm more of a sucker for the story since I like birds a lot.
,Not Recommended,327410,18420175,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Apu Nahasapeemapetilon,Liked to the moon and want more of smth like it? You won't find it here.Just boring.
76561197999287401,Recommended,327410,18325737,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,tosR,Pretty noice
,Recommended,327410,18153944,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,maybe malssite,"Great! But know what you're getting into.This isn't really a ""game"", more an hour long animation sequence. There is no dialog, and almost no input. It’s almost like an independent animation movie, but done in a video game medium, and a lot of work was put into this, from the presentation, to the graphics, to the amazing soundtrack. I know $5 may seem like a lot for that, but I think it’s not too bad considering you usually pay more than $10 for a movie."
,Recommended,327410,18539248,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Reila <3,"A short, very heart-warming game."
,Recommended,327410,18721208,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Dragon Lilith,Not a lot of game play but this game has a very beautiful story and lovely melodies. I recommend it if you're looking for a sweet story to play in one or two sittings.
,Recommended,327410,18278389,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,gallifrey,I spent most of the game crying from how lovely it is
,Recommended,327410,18168269,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Variowario,"A unique story line in this game marks the game as an interesting indie game. Even though it is different compared to the game To The Moon, the developers tried to keep going in their way of unique game mechanics. I rate this Indie game 8//10."
76561198012288514,Recommended,327410,18339710,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Wafflecakes,"They made it again. It's not as deep as ""To The Moon"", but ""A Bird Story"" is still a very emotional albeit short game that shows the potential of this developer as a great storyteller. Looking forward to their next game :)"
,Recommended,327410,18329962,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,RachelJeeBee,"Beautiful game, both artistically and musically. The writing was wonderful too especially considering this tells a story without saying a word. Absolutely love this game, worth the five dollars."
,Recommended,327410,19086225,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,thebiglebowski2,"Another dramatic, heart-stringy story from Freebird that's every bit as endearing and beautiful as To the Moon. This is the perfect game to play in one sitting on a rainy day, especially if you're feeling a little lonely.*sniff*"
76561198119478902,Not Recommended,327410,19057977,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,FrauMahlzahn,"To the Moon was a great game, it sucked me in and actually made me weep.But A Bird Story is just strange, not at all touching and simply boring."
76561198139105166,Recommended,327410,19070126,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,madnessessess,"While this game doesn't have the length of To the Moon, it still manages to be charming and emotional, even without having dialogue. Another amazing soundtrack, and stunning visuals. A very good game to play."
76561198084336542,Recommended,327410,19040817,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Emperor Eden,Real Good. Also it's actually a horror game (spoilers)
76561198062256673,Recommended,327410,17856765,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,IroncladGhost,"Kan Gao.Your games are very good, but I'm beginning to think that if I keep playing them my heart is just going to give out.10/10 would have heart almost crushed again."
,Recommended,327410,17241778,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,M IAI IGI I ICI,A very nice game if you want to sit back and soak in a good story
76561198048803237,Recommended,327410,17566452,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,ChronicChronicler,"A Bird Story is a brilliant morsel for things to come as, while it won’t be like other games to come from Kan Gao and Freebird Games, it links into the next game Finding Paradise with the tantalising phrase “To be released one day”. I do hope one day is sooner rather than later as A Bird Story, with its innovative use of music, storytelling and interactive mechanics makes for a game that punches way above its own weight.https://chronicchronicler.wordpress.com/2014/11/22/a-bird-story-silently-superb/"
,Recommended,327410,17678123,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,noise,"A very short story from the author of the more famous ""To the Moon"".Soundtrack is what stands out more, together with the story, which is narrated without a single line of dialogue.A good game to play in a hour or so of free time.Of course it is absolutely recommended to those who loved ""To the Moon""."
76561198025020394,Recommended,327410,16753061,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Joebot,"This is more of a visual novel on autoplay without the words, interspersed with segments where you control the main character. Independent of whether you liked To the Moon, it appears to be a hit or miss depending on your expectations for what this game should be (best not to have any, if possible) and if the story captures your interest. Despite the cliches and brevity I still found the story endearing and enjoyable (I'm biased towards birds to begin with).Like To the Moon and Gone Home you won't really know if you like it until you play it, but if you hate the first 15 minutes or expect a lot of gameplay you should probably refund/avoid it."
,Recommended,327410,16512727,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,BitZer,"If you don't mind games without much real gameplay, but rather a focus on story, and you have an hour to spare, then A Bird Story is a great little game about friendship and imagination.Without spoiling too much - the game is about a boy who rescues an injured bird and the story follows their experiences together after that. There's no talk or text whatsoever, only music and sounds, which makes the game have a much bigger emotional impact (seriously, you have a heart of stone if you're not just a little bit moved by it).One of the things I enjoyed the most were the sort of mini-games included. While they didn't at a great deal to the overall gameplay, they contributed with a sort of brief childish joy I haven't experienced for a while.Really cute and enjoyable ""game"", although quite short being only around an hour long. Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,327410,16515374,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Big Poppa,To be honest I was expecting a little more. But what the story provided I enjoyed and would recommend someone play it if they have a few dollars to spare.
,Recommended,327410,16604500,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Michivu,"One night I played this game with my girlfriend not expecting much from it, but we both grew fond of Bird.Bird was cute, shy, stubborn, and cute. And our friend.She started crying because of the sad story, but I am a grown man and it's just a game and...Stupid game 100000/10 would never play it again I was sobbing for 2 hours"
76561198033334573,Recommended,327410,16605411,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,7ype-ZeR0,"Another little game that makes you think, one that is unlike the others one usually plays. It is rather a narrative, an interactive story, than a game though. It is fascinating how with little means, devoid of any dialogue, one can convey such a touching story. Moreover, the soundtrack is outstanding and contributes a lot to the overall mood as well. Whereas it is a bit short though, I still enjoyedA Bird Story."
,Recommended,327410,16542591,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,frogette,i paid to cry and i got what i paid for
,Recommended,327410,13713653,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,PnzPnz,A boy and a bird and the affection that can develop between animals and humans. A picture really reveals more than words often and with the beautiful music and art this game absolutely will bring tears to your eyes. Maybe we just need to dream more often...
,Not Recommended,327410,13713770,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,hahaho635,Not as good as 'to the moon'. 5/10
76561198064960974,Not Recommended,327410,13715244,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,tgrsam21,"Honestly, after To The Moon...this was very disappointing. To the Moon was beautiful.A Bird Story didn't capture me like To the Moon did. The music was pretty and the graphics were the same, but the storyline wasn't great. There were a few times when I went ""huh?"" For example, the vet breaking into thehouse...why???????Or when kid gets a creepy telekinetic twin....I understand that a lot of games like this are supposed to be artsy and use symbolism/etc to tell the story, but the way it was done was odd.The most ""gameplay"" you get out of this game is pushing the arrow key for a split second and then the game takes over for you. In To the Moon, I felt like I was actually involved. This game, I just sat there and stared at the screen for 99.99% of it.Considering there is no dialogue at all, only music and sound effects, the story does a decent job of getting the point across. Unfortunately, the whole thing was just ..boring."
76561198040583580,Recommended,327410,13172778,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,preservedprivacy,"Nice, very Miyazaki. short (1 hour) . touching"
,Recommended,327410,13718261,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,yung cuckboi 3000,"I have to recommend the heck out of this game.  It's an hour long, so it's easy to finish in a sitting.  The thing is, this game is so beautiful, and it needs no dialogue to express its beauty.  Through the amazing soundtrack, the beautiful pixel art, and the cute lovable story, this game is a joy to play.  It's cheap too, so I'd highly recommend picking it up."
,Recommended,327410,14077197,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,TC,"Good story, but it's so short and linear that the game trailer is basically a let's play."
76561198106083031,Recommended,327410,14152188,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Troll_is_an_Art,AMAZING GAME!!! No less than i expected from the creators of To the Moon ... The feels man.... i am really satisfied from what i experienced throughout this short and lovely game .. i am an emotional person myself and i gotta admit i cried like hell... i DEFINETELY recommend it and i am waiting for the new game!!!!!!
76561197963034532,Recommended,327410,14153009,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,SIDMEIER'S ALLCAPSGUNFIGHT,"Remember that episode of Star Trek: The Next Generation where Data keeps having these weird dreams about a bird, and he keeps painting the birds that he sees in his dreams, and then he meets his creator, Brent Spiner, in his dreams, but mostly because Julian Bashir slid into Star Trek: The Next Generation from his show Star Trek: Deep Space Nine and used his hypersonic megalaser on Data? No, not the one where Data stabs Deanna Troi and has a telephone in his stomach. No, not the one where Data gets an emotion chip and meets his dad but oh no it was Lore all along! No, not the one where Data meets his mom who turns out to be a robot. No, not the one where Data meets that woman who hates the big floating tree that eats planets and killed Brent Spiner's family. None of those. It's the one with Julian Bashir. You know, the one whose second part is entirely about Worf? Come on, people. Someone made a game out of that episode and it's called A Bird Story. I'm done with you."
,Recommended,327410,14157002,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,LittleUrsaStar,"I started playing ""A Bird Story"" a few days after I finished ""To the Moon."" A lot of people have been comparing the games, and when I first started ""A Bird Story"" I can't say I didn't do the same. After having finished the game though, I don't really think they should be compared on the same level. ""To the Moon"" is a dialogue driven novel-like game which spans an entire lifespan, while ""A Bird Story"" is meant to be a short story about a particular time in a young child's life.It was difficult at first to become immersed in ""A Bird Story"" but as I played I became more invested in the story. I liked the the game can translate into lots of cultures due to no language barrier. I think the lack of dialogue adds to the experience because it makes you focus on the emotions of the child. Just like with ""To the Moon,"" the soundtrack is lovely (and contains the songs from ""To the Moon"" Holiday Special episode) and I cried profusely near the end for a good chapter long. If you want to play this game, but don't want to be dissapointed by it not being just like ""To the Moon,"" I would try to play this game first, or wait a little longer until the memory of ""To the Moon"" fades a bit before starting this game. The game should be judged on its own rather than in comparison to another game. I recommend this game espcially to anyone who loves animals and can understand the world through a child's eyes."
76561198144124755,Recommended,327410,14137373,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,amartyparty,this game is a good game but it is alittle slow. your mostly watching a story and then controling the chracter in some parts.
,Recommended,327410,13533704,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Bunny-Chan,This game was more wonderful than I could even imagine it would be. I will be crying for days after playing this. The music and art were wonderful. Can't wait to play more games from this company.
76561198036594780,Recommended,327410,13534165,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Kelthear,"If you can get it for cheap, do it. While on that borderline of ""is it a game or not"" and the repetitve nature and lack of control during most segments aside, the Music is simply amazing. Along with an interesting story told avant garde with no dialogue and beautiful visuals, this ""game"" is worth getting for a couple bucks and a small spendature of your time."
,Recommended,327410,13539481,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Kellychuu,"It's more a cinematic than a game, but it's a great little guy to add to your collection."
76561198084472553,Recommended,327410,13433882,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,laura.macbeath,"Although it is a very cute story, it was predictable from the start and really short for the price that it is. It didn't hit me with the feels, but as it was just a prequel to Finding Paradise I wasn't expecting it to anyway, what I'm hoping for is that it'll hit the feels double hard when I play Finding Paradise, after already knowing a little something about the boy's early life, and will get my 'moneys worth' then.I can't wait to find out what the significance of this 'bird story' is, afterall, Johnny's story only started with a platypus and a bunny in To the Moon, and look how much that moved us all! I'm looking forward to the next episode now, I have every confidence that Kan will create something utterly beautiful."
,Not Recommended,327410,13295860,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,VSinGamer,"A Bird Story is a short narrative about a boy who saves a bird from being attacked. However, the bird does take an injury and so the child takes care of the bird and builds a lasting friendship with it. Your take on the game is to follow this narrative with minimal interaction. The stroy is rich in detail, and if you place enough attention to detail you can get caught up in story. A very emotional journey of growth as we see this boy go from no purpose in life to enjoying imaginative adventure with his friend.This is a very simplistic artstyle, but one that stays with you if your paying attention. The most powerful part of the game is the music which really carries both a whimsical fantasy and a tone of everlasting change. And each scene is very powerful with both mediums working together and blending well.A Bird Story is a great narrative, and one that I would recommend to anyone who follows Freebird Games as they make powerfully moving games, but the question that is asked when making this review is, ""Do you recommend this game?"" And in all honesty, as much as I loved the story and was able to connect with that child...it wasn't a game. Very simple. Those who have played To The Moon will really enjoy this, and those who appreciate art and music will as well, but there is no interaction, no reward, and no real input from the player that affects the game. Like I said a great narrative, but a very boring game."
76561198000066930,Recommended,327410,13703937,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,SF Phoenix,"Very short game/story (can be played over the course of an evening). I definitely preferred ""To the Moon"" over this, although this one has it's own charm.The entire story is played out without a single word voiced or written, so that was an interesting take on story delivery, but I did find that the story was a bit too simple for my liking. Because it was so short, I couldn't get very emotionally attached to it.I'd say get this only if it's on sale as it's not a bad game, but it doesn't feel worthy at full price."
,Recommended,327410,13705202,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,atomikfreak,Amazing storytelling.
76561198044513052,Recommended,327410,13705484,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Allbus,"It's short and it's certainly not for everyone, but if you enjoyed To The Moon you're likely to enjoy this one as well... Or at least it may hold you over until the eagerly awaited sequel ^.^"
76561198157538194,Recommended,327410,13705554,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,darklingilisten,"Just finished playing this game and wow, I'm still in the process of blowing out all the snot that accumulated in my nose after sobbing really hard. This game REALLY hit me hard, it has such a short, sweet story, and the way the scenes cut into each other were very nostalgic. Really makes you (or me, in my case) think of your own childhood"
,Recommended,327410,13705589,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Draken,"Just short enough to keep my interest (and I normally don't have the patience for this genre), this is a pretty unique gem that tells a touching story with a couple of well-placed video game references to boot. I appreciate what this guy did on his own. I still wouldn't pay any more than $2-3 for this considering the length, but definitely memorable."
,Not Recommended,327410,13734032,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,somniamea,"This was a very pretty, very adorable story about a boy and his bird. It should have been a movie. As it is, it pretty much is a movie, with just the tiniest (and not very fun) bit of gameplay. Mostly you just watch a story unfold, and sometimes you have to walk around and find things, or hold down an arrow key until your finger hurts. If you like that type of thing, well, I guess you will like this.I think I might not have minded too much that I basically bought a movie, except that the gameplay that there is in this game is so not fun that I was frustrated by having to do it.If you played To the Moon, then you know what you're getting into. If you didn't, consider this your warning."
,Recommended,327410,13734019,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Burton,"A touching story with great music and art. Since there's no dialogue, you should pay attention to the details. If you're looking for gameplay and can't sit down for a couple of hours to just observe, give this one a skip. If you're willing to listen to the plot and have the time, then I'd recommend you checking this out.Also, stop comparing it with ""To the Moon""."
,Recommended,327410,13706261,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,> player title goes here <,I'm not sure this is a game or it just a interactive graphical story for its soundtrack.Both graphic and soundtrack is absolutely art.
,Recommended,327410,13706337,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Frizzybman11,"Another short, wonderful, emotional story from the creators of To The Moon. If you enjoyed that, then I cannot recommend this enough."
,Recommended,327410,13706956,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Blooey,"A Bird Story feels like it's been crafted by the steady hand of legendary director Hayao Miyazaki himself, with its deliberately-paced narrative structure, disarmingly beautiful soundtrack, and imaginitive storytelling. The game is undeniably short, but its length isn't a detriment to its quality or value thanks to its low price tag and excellent pacing throughout. There's not much in terms of interaction, with most of the story being told through numerous cutscenes, but when the player is allowed to take control, it's usually to partake in a significant or meaningful event that drives the story forward. There's no branching paths or alternate routes to take, but there didn't really need to be for such a tightly focused and well-crafted narrative experience.For the price of a movie rental on iTunes, you can get this brilliantly-executed interactive adventure game. It might even surprise you with just how meaningful and poignant it manages to be in spite of its low budget and short length."
,Recommended,327410,13708675,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Keno,"If To the Moon is Espresso with deep taste, A Bird Story would be Vanilla, simple but like it any way"
,Recommended,327410,13708949,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,BurkeyTurkey,"The devolopers are amazing, they made this game seem like a full story, and then it turns out it's only part of a much bigger game to come. Kan Gao is an outstanding musician and a top notch writer. I wasn't expecting much out of an hour long silent game, but it really impressed me and I have a feeling Finding Paradise is gonna be a masterpiece."
76561198069638189,Recommended,327410,13709195,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,midget,"This game is spectacular its just so good I havent even got to the end of the game yet but im enjoying it and it shows you the story so well even though it has no explaining of whats happening, no talking but onlying after the cut scenes have finished the only thing ever that comes on the screen is whatever controlls you are using but as I said im only 32 minutes into the game and I know whats going on the game explains the story so well its just.... Buy the game! its one of the pest indie adventure games your ever play!!!!"
76561198122553028,Recommended,327410,13721463,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,DunkinDonutz1211,"this game is AMAZING! i literally almost cryed because this story is so, RICH, and SAD. thsnk you for making this game! this is a blessing! 10/10!"
,Recommended,327410,13722677,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Littlelion,"All I have to say is wow!! I'm not one to cry about video games, but this game made me cry. Music was spectacular. If, you want to experience a short, simple, yet impactful journey, this is the game."
76561198015031944,Recommended,327410,13723297,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Dat Awesome Jew,The only thing I could say about this game is what every single character said throughout the entire game.
76561198148106987,Recommended,327410,13727767,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,HERESJOHNNY!!!,"This game is so beautiful. During the last few minutes, I found myself in tears. To the Moon didn't make me cry while this one did. I cant wait for Finding Paradise. 10/10 perfect game"
,Recommended,327410,13727818,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,HortonEW,"If you played through To the Moon, you should definitely give this one a shot.  $2 is definitely worth the money for a good story + great music."
,Recommended,327410,12983310,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Deem,"I thought that it were the music and the dialogues that made To The Moon so charming. Turns out, Kan Gao doesn't even need the latter. Not a single word is spoken, it will only take you about an hour or so to finish, and still it got to me."
,Not Recommended,327410,13867781,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Zamouie,"Sat down and according to my played time, it took 1.2 hrs or ~72 minutes to beat this game. Let me preface my review with the fact I am a ""To The Moon"" fan even though I had my criticisms of the game, the emotional pulls and twist near the end of To The Moon turned me around. Feel free to explore my account for my To The Moon review, as well as other game reviews. I am a very big fan of story based games.This game uses the exact same game mechanics as To The Moon, which is to say, they're very weak. You have your basic movement (arrow keys, not WSAD) with Space Bar interaction options. There is really no engagement or creative use of these basic controls like there is in the game ""Brothers"" for instance.The game is fully on rails which I do not hate, not one bit. I don't mind a bit of exploring here or there, games like Uncharted, Tomb Raider, and FarCry 3/4 come to mind here, but I really dislike open world sandbox'ish games- GTA, Skyrim, etc. The game gives you absolutely no choices, again I'm ok with this, and gives you occasional pop-ups as to where you should be going or what you should be doing, also, not a negative criticism.Where do my negative recommendation come from? Well, without compelling game play mechanics, and with a weak story, it just isn't worth a recommendation, even at the sale price I got it for ($3.78 w/soundtrack because I thought it was going to be good). The story follows a rebellious young boy rescuing and kinda nursing back to health an injured bird. They search for the bird's home, play together, yadda yadda, stuff happens, no spoilers, the end-- it's only 70 minutes long. So why is the story not engaging? It could be from the lack of any dialogue, text or spoken, and the fact there's no growth or character development. To The Moon suffered from the same lack of compelling game play mechanics and weak story, but with time and build up, it turned itself around.Also to note another negativity with both this game and To The Moon- they both have issues running smoothly. A Bird Story took 3 tries to start up, twice it froze on launch, and had horrible screen tearing because there are no resolution or AA options. To The Moon suffered from ghost controller input: those with certain brands of computer peripherals, such as Saitek, the keyboard I previously used, installed certain gaming controller drivers which interfered with the gameplay (character always ran left, non stop).Bottom Line: Cute game, definitely in the ""spirit"" of To The Moon, but with weak gameplay mechanics and a weak story, it's not worth the purchase- check out some other game series for strong stories like Telltale's games, specifically Walking Dead & The Wolf Among us, The Longest Journey trilogy, or Brothers, all of which I strongly recommend."
,Not Recommended,327410,13867779,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,robin.neko,"Not very entertaining. Also something that I don't understand is why there is any kind of interactivity in this ""game"". It would have been better as just a movie, since that's essentially what it is.The story is sweet, the graphics are pretty and the music is nice as well. Those good points aside I can't recommend buying this game at full price. Even though the game's length is about the same as a real movie, I'd rather spend that money to go to said movie.If you didn't play ""To The Moon"" yet I'd recommend you to play that instead. It's much longer, better story, and it feels like you're actually doing something when controlling the characters.That being said, I definitely do look forward to the next release of the studio."
,Recommended,327410,13868278,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,microfloppy,"NOTE: For review with screenshots, please visithttp://microfloppy.net/2015/01/06/a-bird-story/A Bird Story is an interactive story from Freebird Games. You play a little boy with his head in the clouds and get to see his story about a bird.A Bird Story is one hour of beautiful gameplay. The game has a railroad plot and no real options, but the story is great and the scenes are very well done. It is cleverly made and does a perfect job taking you into the imaginative mind of a child. After I finished playing I was completely relaxed and in a wonderful mood.There are no real gameplay mechanics, inventory or dialogue; You just move around in the scenes and interact with some objects. Much of the time in-game are spent watching cutscenes.If you have played To The Moon by the same developer, there are some differences between the games. To The Moon is a game with clear gameplay while A Bird Story really is not more than an interactive story. Still, both games have the same “aura” around them and you can tell that they are both made in the same spirit. (The developer has even said that the boy in A Bird Story grows up to be the patient in Finding Paradise, which is the “second episode” in the To The Moon-series.)If you liked To The Moon or if you enjoy seeing a slow-paced beautiful story, A Bird Story is definitely worth playing.7/10 birds"
76561198159547424,Recommended,327410,13815647,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,justinfeathersong,"This game was simple and beautiful. It played right into my sense of nostalgia and the sorrow I feel knowing that I have to live as a grown-up.It was like reading a short story, and it made me cry.The soundtrack was beautiful and played to the game exquisitely, and the pacing was just right in enabling me to experience the beauty of the game instead of rushing through it for an achievement.This is game is for people who feel, and are willing to soften even a little bit to feel something."
76561198004426472,Recommended,327410,13822243,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Richard Parker,"No, this is not a ""Game"" persay, nor is it a piece of ""art"". This is a simple tale that does something with narrative that I've never seen. Sit back, relax, enjoy. This is not a deep story, nor does it carry the epic nature of ""To The Moon"". However, one must take it as its own thing. I've been playing video games since I was a toddler, and I felt this money well spent, for those who can enjoy an experience and accept it for that experience."
,Recommended,327410,13900025,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,DoctorBaby,"This is another example of a game that you have to play for what it is. If you leave a negative review for this because of its graphics or its length, you're an idiot and you're wasting everybody's time. With that in mind, I feel fairly confident that there isn't really a valid reason to give this game a negative review at all - for what it is, it's about as good as it can possibly be.What it IS, is a very minimalistic little game with old SNES-era graphics that focuses on telling the best story that it can in its weird little medium. If you like games where the priority is the quality of the story and that premise sounds interesting to you, you will absolutely enjoy this game. Some more direct thoughts on the game itself - I really enjoy how it tells its story with surreal transitions that don't waste any time. The game is incredibly short because itneverwastes your time - it is very efficient story telling. I think a big part of why it packs such an emotional wallop is because of how efficiently the story unfolds. You should be warned though that the story can be a little surreal and hard to follow at times. This does seem to be intentionally done, however. The point is worth considering though if you really don't like stories that aren't crystal clear. Ultimately, this is a great story in a plain looking package - it's very short, very cheap, and it's worth your time and money."
,Recommended,327410,13874593,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,gcook725,"A Bird Story only a short game -- not too much more than an hour -- but it is still beautiful.I came in expecting to play another To the Moon, but... that isn't quite what I recieved. A Bird Story doesn't quite reach the same levels of connection with the player as its predecessor, but it still latches upon your heart strings and plucks them like a harp. The music is superb and, alongside the simple-but-well-done animation queues, the game does an amazing job at conveying emotion from a 2D point of view without using any words at all.There really isn't a whole lot one can truly say about A Bird Story without spoiling it. It is something that must be experienced to really feel it.If you're the kind of person who loves heart-wrenching stories that make you smile and cry tears of joy, then I whole-heartedly recommend A Bird Story to you... and even if you're only looking for a good story I would still recommend it."
,Recommended,327410,13909615,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Marky Mark the FUN-GINEER,I enjoyed it about as much as I did To The Moon. (9/10)
76561198041442889,Recommended,327410,13830609,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,culinarykid92,"Full disclosure, I have not played to far into To The Moon yet and as such can't compare the two. As for A Bird Story, I loved it. I have started getting into Asian films, primarily Korean and Taiwanese, due to the good and touching stories. And I felt this kept me captivated like those movies. The story involves a bird with an injured wing and a boy. The story is told through basic illustration, music, and the sprites...No words are used. The rest you can play to experience, but I found it to be touching and captivating. The game is an hour long. This could be considered a walking simulator as that is the gameplay. The music, just wow...it is amazing. Usually the music consists solely of piano, but it is used in such a great way as to enhance the story. Considering a movie costs $10+ for 2 hours or so, at $5, this is worth it. As this has a good story, unlike many movies today. Though there is a lack of explosions and gunfights if that is the type of movie you are into. And do yourself a favor and spend the extra $2 on the soundtrack. Many indie games are starting to become known for great soundtracks, and this is a great one to have."
76561197978775629,Recommended,327410,13833125,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,garfunkel,A simple story that I enjoyed with my four-year old. Easy keyboard controls that he could manipulate and not get frustrated. Took about an hour and a half to complete.Don't play when you're feeling impatient - you will get very frustrated.
,Not Recommended,327410,14400534,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Xaelroth,"+ Consistent with Freebird Games' charm, in terms of graphics and audio+ Touching at times+ Hints that the story will be continued in the future- Makes too little sense- Not interactive enough as a game- Not long enough as a storyA Bird Story is... well... a story... about a kid who befriends... a bird. It would be hard for me to say more without spoiling the story, which is the selling point of this game.I love To the Moon, the previous game in this style by Freebird Games. It will hold a special place in my heart and I'll never forget my playthrough of it. I feel like A Bird Story aims to be just as emotional, but there is a simple fact that it simply cannot ignore: it's too short and does not have enough character development.The necessarily slow transformation of humor into seriousness just doesn't have the time to occur, and the game feels like it doesn't know which way to go. The other thing that made To the Moon's formula special is the spot-on writing, which doesn't even have the chance to shine in A Bird Story because of how it's insistent on not containing a single piece of dialogue. The thing it does get right is the music.The game also barely feels like a game. What little interactivity it offers boils down to moving your character, usually very, very slowly. It is truly difficult for me to write like this about a game that clearly evokes a touching story, but you cannot forget that a game should have a reason to be a game. The hinting that this was just a chapter of the protagonist's story makes me hope for more, but I urge the developer not to release every chapter separately for the same price.In any case, it pains me greatly to say that I do not recommend this game. Pick it up only if you yearn for more in the style of To the Moon. If you haven't yet played To the Moon, play that instead."
76561198053062669,Recommended,327410,14399759,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Brain,"A dream for me! The story is too beautiful to move my eyes, even breath.Even my rabbit had left me, I believe there is a paradise where  the rabbit is living.It is a prefect movie."
,Not Recommended,327410,14403787,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Doomextreme,"The story felt so pointless. I loved 'To The Moon', but this whole journey was meaningless personally."
,Recommended,327410,14424140,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,JohnnyErr,"I didn't think FreeBird could do it again, especially in a much shorter game. This was another beautiful story, like their previous game it gives you an immense rush of emotions in a way that no game I've ever played could do. This time they blend in some nice twists of fantasy and very clever and interesting imagery with a perfectly fitting soundtrack. The narrative works in such away that it makes you feel as if the protaginists memories are your own. Also, the small amounts of gameplay are quite cute and fun!You play this game for the story, so if youre all about gameplay its not for you. The story however is really worthwile. Its only just over an hour long but just like To the Moon it feels much longer. Play with a glass of water.As ever I'm looking forward to the next installment."
,Recommended,327410,14442036,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,LiteSouris,10/10 I cried twice and this game is only an hour long!
76561197970552244,Not Recommended,327410,14510286,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Tim97NSX,"A Bird Story is by the developers of To The Moon. I loved the latter, but I A Bird Story just did't do it for me. It was too much just a movie. Most of the game is just watching he story with a few moments of navigating back to the apartment. The story was nice and very simple, but had none of the depth or meaning I got from To The Moon, which made up for any game flaws with it's incredible story telling. Not so here. There's no save system, just a set of checkpoints, which the game never tells you you've reached, though pressing the ESC key will show."
,Recommended,327410,14511337,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Soda,"I played To The Moon- which is one of my favorite games of all time- before playing this game. So bear with me that I will be comparing the two, since the two games are based in the same universe.A Bird Story is worth playing for the ending. It's heartfelt and has that same feel-goodness at the end that To The Moon had. And before I get to the negatives, bear in mind that my experience with this game as a whole was not negative.A Bird Story had so many cutscenes that it can hardly be considered a game. It was an hour long but I felt like I interacted as the character for MAYBE ten to twenty minutes of that. I'm not even sure what the characters name was- I felt unattached. You aren't given any backstory.I also disliked that the (small spoilers ahead for both games) memories the character in A Bird Story experiences are unrealistic. I may be nitpicking, but it's something that ruined it for me. At one point, the child flies away on a paper plane. In To The Moon, every memory given to Johnny was at least mostly realistic. It makes it seem like the two games should be in two different worlds, not the same.As I said earlier, I enjoyed A Bird Story for the ending and also the soundtrack was lovely. It's one of those games you wouldn't reccomend to your friends but you'd probably give them a summary of the story over tea.I'm going to say I reccommend this for those of you interested in the style of Freebird Games, but on terms of gameplay- it doesn't even shine a light on To The Moon. Expect more of a show than a game and- if you can find the patience to get through it- don't expect you'll ever play it again."
76561198100018241,Recommended,327410,14550986,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Dormint Blue,"This is one of those games that isn't a game. It's more of one of those movie bonus disks that allow you to interact through some mini game relativly based on a movie. Except this one, instead of trying to make you enjoy the movie more than the one time you 'have' to watch it, this one lets you play through a movie that is truly ""A better story than Twilight."" Even though it isn't about love between a man and a woman. It's a story about the desperation for a young boy who doesn't feel he fits in the world, and finds something to hold on to. A small bird.With a story that I can relate to that brings a tear to my eye, I can't stop but look at this game and think, this is more than a game. This is something I like to call an IM. an Interactive Media.And if you are the kind of person that says ""These kinds of games are terrible, they focus too much on story and not enough guns and online multiplayer"" Then I can speak for myself and all the voices in my head and say ""Please hit your face on the way in and out of every door in your entire life."" Because these games are the ones you play when you are down, and want to play something that doesn't cover up the sadness, but embrasses it and say ""I understand.""It's like the difference between having a girlfriend and a bad phychiatrist. One of them you pay a bit for dates and they truly care for you, the other you pay for them to play tic-tac-toe by themselves while you cry to them, and then pay them enourmous ammounts of money for it."
,Not Recommended,327410,14572902,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Fra Lippo Lippi,"i really cant recommend this game,i only bought it cose i had few euros left to spend and that was a mistake.there's no point playing this,no fun,no story,gameplay boring as hell.you keep doing things without knowing why. nevertheless,i kept playing thinking to myself that something will start at some point,but no.86 minutes later i hit the end of the game and i  still dont get what  this was  all about.dont be fooled by the""From the creator of To the Moon"" teaser."
,Recommended,327410,13973531,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Sammael,This is a wonderfully imagined and gloriously nostalgic coming of age tale that never overstays its welcome. Just a beautiful and moving story.
,Recommended,327410,14168891,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,higuita,A simple and short story that you can interact about the frienship between a boy and a bird. This is a good game for playing with small childs
,Recommended,327410,14168920,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Juma,"A bit short, but still magical like To the Moon. I can relate to the character since, i'm only child and my parents were always working.Demn feels ;_____;"
76561198058282971,Recommended,327410,14170780,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Bambee,"A fantastic story about a lonely boy finding purpose in life by saving an injured bird. The score is beautiful and uplifting, and the story is emotionally gripping.This game doesn't really have much ""game"" in it, but it doesn't need to. It does what it set out to do and it accomplishes it in spades.Note: The games story is told without words, and I don't just mean that there's no dialogue, I mean LITERALLY no words, not even writing, just symbols, drawings, music, and sounds."
,Not Recommended,327410,14223727,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Zephkiel,"Before I get into things, I want to say that I really, really wanted to rate this game up.  I love the approach Freebird is taking to games, and To the Moon is still one of the most sobering games I've played in a long time.  That being said, a Bird Story does some pretty unique and awesome things, but it falls short of the mark.I'll try my best to go into detail without spoiling anything.  Firstly, A Bird Story is marketed as an interactive story.  It's really not either of those.  The interactive scenes are 'move around, maybe press a button'.  They're largely irrelevant, but that doesn't really detract from the story that's being told.  The story itself does that.  The scenes are fragmented and disjointed, and where To the Moon went to painstaking lengths to confuse and confound the audience  purely to suckerpunch the player with deep and profound realisations, A Bird Story just... is.  It just exists, and that's about all I can say about its impact.  There are a few heavy themes introduced quite quickly, and then they're just... not there anymore.The areas transition seamlessly together in a unique and very effective ""abbreviation"" of the real world, and I absolutely love the style.  There's a nice mix of reality, fantasy and memories (again seamlessly interwoven), and most characters appear as faceless shadows (which no doubt is a metaphor for something).  But therein lies the problem.  The game immediately establishes some heavy themes with a lot of potential to explore, but it doesn't even remotely scratch the surface of any of them.  Then it throws in its disconnected fantasy/reality/memory narrative and nothing makes any sense anyway. Add in some drawn out 'go from a to b' scenes, and there isn't really a whole lot to say about the game. It doesn't particularly leave a sour taste in the mouth, so much as an acknowledgement that there just isn't anything to really understand about it (apart from some basic themes).I was really hoping to experience the roller coaster of emotions A Bird Story sets up, but it just isn't at the top of its game.  It does have a few scenes that do hit the mark (and hit it quite well), but they're very few and far between."
76561198072255357,Recommended,327410,14225566,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Peatree,"Don't expect much gameplay, but instead an adorable storyline. Coming from the makers of ""To the Moon"" I expected a beautiful game and that's what I got :D"
,Recommended,327410,14226413,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,NoPotion,"Nice music, nice story.Recommend for anyone who loves to read a nice relaxing short storyalthough there is not a single word in this game.ps. At a random point, the game freeze and force shut the game down. Bug?"
76561197970918719,Recommended,327410,14228306,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Sevesoldier,Short and cute :)
,Recommended,327410,14220609,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,AllieRiots,Quick and linear.  Emotional story.  Definitely recommend.
76561198148120781,Recommended,327410,15501812,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,MovingGamer,"A somewhat touching story that does not rely on written or spoken language. This makes the story accessible to many more people without the need of translation, which I think is great in the age of high speed internet. If you like to see stories unfold based on the actions of the characters and their interactions, then I recommend buying A Bird Story. If you feel hesitant, then buy it during a sale."
,Recommended,327410,12835730,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Aridolomo,"Simply, amazing."
,Recommended,327410,15764904,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Lydløse,Wonderful interactive story :)
76561197973228288,Recommended,327410,15765870,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Ninjaducky,totes presh/10
,Recommended,327410,15744942,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,ArseBiscuits,"It's a super short game, I mean really short. If you're a fan of Freebird Games already then you know what to expect, a light point n click affair with a ton of feeling. If you're not, I suggest checking out one of their other titles first, unless this is on a big sale. I'd say it's just worth it for the low price and the emotional experience, but I would much rather recommend something like To the Moon from the same developer, which is a much more fleshed out game (and apparently with a sequel on the way)."
76561198168386742,Recommended,327410,15206757,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,dovakeen117,"WTFI got this for freeWhy is it five dollars now?It's not worth 1!Yet...... It kinda can be worth five. Actually, nah.I love this game, and i feel sorry for the poor saps that half to play to exirience this game of pure atmosphere.Sufice to say I recommend the game, but not at the five dollor price.It's not to be compaired to to the moon. That game is a 10/10This game for free 4/5If i had to pay five bucks.................... AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA I don't know! It's great but I don't know if its worth five whole dollars for one hour of game play. Dang good game play but.....................I'll................. give............................. it.......................... a................................ 4/5Even if i had to pay five bucks for it i think its worth your time if your into emersive games.Dear developers....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..That's for charging mony on this now.......:]u get smily face though for it being a great expireince."
,Recommended,327410,14999485,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,๖trash,"This is just like that gum commercial about origami cranes; like there are no need for words to force my eyes to start sweating.Only problem with this game is if you own an RPG Maker. You'll find yourself trying to decipher how Gao programmed some things to work, and that could feel a bit awkward in some dramatic moments.In all seriousness, I paid as much for this as I would a movie and I don't regret spending a dime. Whether you are a fan of To The Moon or not, I highly recommend this interactive story to anyone with $5 to spend."
76561197972399733,Recommended,327410,14994843,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Godphell,A strange but lovely game.  Its lack of dialogue is a strength I feel and gives the whole story a wonderful quality.  Well worth the short time it takes to experience this game.
,Not Recommended,327410,14978471,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Kajon,"I had really high hopes for this as I loved To the moon. But I found it difficult to care about this melodramatic story. Its sweet, but also soo predictable. I do like the graphics and music."
76561198071381962,Recommended,327410,15490694,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,landlock,pros:- A touching story.- looks good- a good story told through actions rather then dialogue. (a interesting idea)I would absolutely recommand this game for anyone looking for  heartwarming tale that aren't put off by the graphics.
,Recommended,327410,15467521,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Ilinx,"Normally I'm not someone who falls for sappy stories, or really gets moved by them ever in the slightest:Something about this game broke me, well done Freebird Games. Well. Done. The beautiful soundtrack, the pretty visuals and the touching story got me good. And I loved it. All in a short time frame of just over an hour to fully complete - it broke me.This is definately not a game for the mindless FPS obsessed 13-15 year old. This is a game for someone who wants a story, a proper story. There is little gameplay but that's kinda the point; this is a pure story based game not one based on mindless repetitive tasks to drive it's nature. I dont even remember buying this game, but I'm definately glad it found its way into my library of games. I look forward to seeing more by these guys. I'll remember to bring more tissues next time too..."
,Recommended,327410,14561106,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,BeautyPearl,It's just a wonderful game about a lonely boy who finally finds a friend
76561198154632999,Recommended,327410,14537476,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,psckmai,"I guess most people who are here are familiar with To the Moon, yes? And if you're not you should totally check it out, it's a really good game. Anyway, this game is not To the Moon 2, it's a short little story about a boy who finds an injured bird and takes care of it. This boy will later become the patient in the next game, and that's the reason I picked it up. It's about 1 hour long and has no dialogue, but instead tells its story through actions and things you see. Even though it's kind of short, it has a touching story and is still very enjoyable.Sorry if my english is bad~"
,Recommended,327410,14589459,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Poppins,"If you liked To The Moon, then you'll like this game too. Done in the same visual novel style, it has charming 16-bit design and beautiful music, but what sets it apart is Kan's decision to tell the story without any dialogue. None was really necessary, since it centered around the relationship of a young boy and an injured bird he finds. It managed to get me attatched to a handful of white pixels, and the music alone is worth the game's price."
,Recommended,327410,15422959,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Grand Admiral Nyan,"A simple, bittersweet game with lovely music, and a story that still made me bawl like a baby. Definitely recommended, especially if you were a fan of To The Moon."
,Recommended,327410,14890215,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,TR Jones,If anyone has owned an animal from a young age and had to see it go after a long time of freindship then you would appreciate this game.
,Not Recommended,327410,14946036,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,pH,"Maybe I had my expectations set too high coming from To The Moon, but this game was a let down. It didn't have anywhere the emotional impact its predecessor had, and just dragged on. People who really enjoy these kinds of game may like it, but it isn't the must play game that brought waves of tears and emotions through beautiful story telling and heartfelt soundtrack."
,Recommended,327410,15294420,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Mavik,"Even though it's only about an hour of gameplay, it's well worth the 5$ you paid for it."
,Recommended,327410,15295527,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,amd133mhz,"A very good story told with art and music. This did not hit me as emotionally as To The Moon did, but it is still good in its own right. Don't buy w/o getting the soundtrack!A very nice story about a lonely kid and a bird he finds along lifes journey. This story can tell you so much with just the music and the art work. Truly taking the medium of video games to a different place. Interactive art, video game , whatever you want to call it, it's all art in my book and this piece of art will be enjoyed by anyone who was a kid and has feelings."
,Not Recommended,327410,15293778,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,oliverklee,"Frankly, I was disappointed by this game after the incredible experience with To the Moon.I found A Bird Story to be rather boring, and it didn't touch in the way To the Moon did."
,Recommended,327410,15214595,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Zackhario,"Freebird games pulled out an interesting way of telling a story with no dialog and ear-soothing music, if you're looking for something peaceful and witty with classic RPG pixel features then look no further.Creators from To the Moon present to you, both beautiful and uplifting, A Bird Story.Buy the game, it'll worth your two hours of your life."
,Recommended,327410,13812451,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,BomiBoogie,"+ pleasant soundtrack+ attention to details, faces, showing emotions+ captivating story and atmosphere without any words or speech- a bit cliché story- too little interaction- best to play through in one sitting, takes at maximum 2 hoursIn overall:it would be better in a part of a trilogy (to buy and play in a pack), in itself, it is only a pleasant, although short experience, with little variation"
,Recommended,327410,13814093,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Hus,"If you played the game and liked it, I highly recommended you to play ""To the Moon"", it is much better and longer"
76561198067051654,Recommended,327410,13755545,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Happy Ludwig,"As an unapologetic fan of To the Moon, this did not leave me as a blubbering mess on the floor.Jabs at gameplay may have set the experience back.  Rather than engaging, it was almost irksome to return to the keyboard after 5 or 10 minutes of scenes playing out, only to do something meaningless like entering a flashing door, so that the next scene would begin.  That said, the story was fun and whimsical.It's a nice hour's diversion to hold you over until the next full release.Honestly should have been freeware.  But if it helps Freebird fund their next full title, I don't begrudge the price.Recommended to fans of To the Moon."
,Recommended,327410,13787644,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,TehNicksterBoi,"For some reason, this made me cry even harder than To The Moon11/10 must cry everytime"
,Recommended,327410,13674086,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Ned,A pure gem.
,Recommended,327410,13675256,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,kokujin,"One of the best story driven games I have ever played. It the writer is a genius: he manages to make an incredible bond between a bird and a boy that is so strong and feels so real with not a single line of dialouge. I am at a loss for words: my hat comes off to you my good sir. The concept is so simple, the game is quite short, but it's an experience I'll never forget. It's mostly cutscene, there's little gameplay but it's just so amazing I don't care. I was in tears during the las 10 or so minutes of the game and I still am while writing this review. My favourite part is when you go for a ride on the giant paper airplane for the first time: it's just so beutiful and filled with bliss. I love this game, I really do, I find it to be one of the best Indie games out there and we can all take something from: a lesson about friendship, about lonelyness, about ourselves in general. This game is simply amazing. I love it so much 11/10."
,Not Recommended,327410,13699100,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,jaydloe,"Big Disappointment.So many fades to black, half the game is a black screen.Lost what 'To the Moon' had."
,Recommended,327410,13699208,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,SleepingHearts,"My heart strings were pulled. Short, but sweet and beautiful."
76561198049680943,Recommended,327410,13262670,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,The Tinytanic,"Sweet, endearing, a great soundtrack - and a beautiful story that doesn't need words to get its message across.Look, I think this is a great game. I do recommend it, but understand that if you're expecting to be ""wowed"" like you were with ""To the Moon"", you might be disappointed."
,Recommended,327410,13703530,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,mjz321,"A visual novel, Simple but emotionally provoking story set to wonderful music, about 1 hour long maybe not worth full 4.99 but a great experience. This is not to the moon but is a good experience."
,Recommended,327410,13703589,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,h0ld-THEDOOR,>bird story 50% on today holiday sale>move mouse to add to cart *with the soundtrack option*>download it>immediately start playing it until the end>the ending brought me tears>10/10 would play so i can cry again in this touching story>OMG TEARS ABOUT TO DROP AGAIN
76561198067299610,Recommended,327410,13691793,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Molly,I loved the story with this one. It was short but kept me thinking about it days afterwards. I enjoyed playing it.
,Not Recommended,327410,13696079,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,spiderslayrz,"I loved To The Moon with the witty humor and touching story. Unfortunately, this game lacked the witty humor and the story wasn't at the same scope of the predeccessor. However, it's a nice set up for what's to come so I'm still excited about the next game. So while not a bad game, I just can't recommend someone getting this game."
,Not Recommended,327410,13545548,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Blessings O'Babylon,"Tries entirely too hard to create some weird situation where you feel for a kid and a bird through their fever-dream adventures.The only thing i felt was frustration at yet another fade-to-black or another stupid impossible situation that just made me confused, at best.I would avoid this for its price. It is  a hour and a halfs worth of nothing-much-at-all-really.Did the bird die? Well, no. It didnt. So there was no tension at all.Did any of the game happen? Well, no, since the ending shows that it was all a dream.Is there any sort of hook for a sequel? Apparantly, becasue the game features a teaser at the end showing more... ""games""... coming ""one day"".It wasnt fun, it wasnt interesting, it wasnt sad, it wasnt happy. It was another poorly animated RPG-maker interact-quest that doesnt even have dialouge.Yet they managed to fit in a benny-hill reference."
76561197995523196,Recommended,327410,13529278,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Anubis24,"A Bird Story is a wonderfully animated story about the relationship between a boy and his friend, an injured bird. It does not need any dialogue at all to create a calming, stunningly beutiful atmosphere. The pictures and animations tell the plot and express the emotions clearly - and right in the feels.The only negative thing I could find is that - partially - too much help is given in form of ""picture bubbles"" (lacking a fitting word aside from speech bubble).Exept for that, this game is a definite recommendation for everyone who enjoys good storytelling."
76561198090451489,Recommended,327410,13166196,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Chicken,Cute little story!
,Recommended,327410,13172454,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,PixeledBrain,"I find it is more of a ""teaser"" of the new game, the sequel to ""To the moon"". It is pretty short, but i still found it really interesting, and i found it had a good story."
,Recommended,327410,13177196,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,ConManEd,"Just, wow."
76561198020825242,Recommended,327410,13022873,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Cluly,Stunning. Best game/story I've played in ages.
,Recommended,327410,13023435,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,[Tiger Mafia] Dan the Man,"It's hard to write a review for this. I had far too high of hopes. I did not enjoy it because To the Moon is my all time favorite story. I sobbed like a baby almost start to finish in To the Moon. Yes it's a good story. But it is not to the moon, it's not supposed to be. Had I kept that in mind, I likely would have enjoyed it more. I patiently await ""Finding Paradise"" in the hopes that I will sob like that again."
,Recommended,327410,13025075,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,DubMeister,"Another beautiful and touching game. Made me shed a tear. The game is so simple yet so meaningful. I can, without a doubt, say that I enjoyed To The Moon and A Bird Story more than most games I've played. Glad I bought the soundtrack for both of them. Definitely looking forward to the next game. :)"
76561198143964572,Recommended,327410,13202221,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,georgitandy,Simple and elegent game with sweet and relaxing story.
,Recommended,327410,13208002,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Banjo Kaboom,"Nothing logically made any sense, whereas To The Moon made a lot of sense (minus the dream/memory changer machine).To The Moon was much more emotional and I could connect with the story better.I was very confused for a little while, but I started to learn what was going on. The difference being that To The Moon had me wanting to find out what was going to happen. By the time I figured out where this story was going, I started to wonder how much longer was the story.It has just a touch of comedy in the right places at the right times, like To The Moon did. I definitely saw a lot of reflection from To The Moon, but they are separate games.With all that said...I do recommend the game. It has a touching story, it is short, the music is just as good as To The Moon, and the ending leaves you wanting more...HINT HINT.Thumbs up from me."
,Recommended,327410,13187716,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Fanta Zee Lite,"Beatiful. Absolutely Beautiful. You got me again with the ""supposedly gone"" thingy.. I enjoyed it all the way through. The game shows that it doesn't always have to make sense to mean something. And even if there's sense in it, which I'm sure there is.. Well.. The point is. I highly recommend this game, and To The Moon, too, for that matter."
,Recommended,327410,13189500,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,|T| Mr. Two,"Though not an incredibly interactive game, I think A Bird Story makes up for this with the atmosphere. It's sort of like watching a short film, but the interactions draw you in and connect you with the character. Loved it."
76561198010931971,Recommended,327410,13193370,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Pedro Gabriel,A piece of Art.
76561197960302607,Recommended,327410,21161918,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Sir Shaaitan,"I finished ""A Bird Story"" a few minutes ago and i'm still kind of flashed by this game.To be honest: After playing this i admit, i got it to a price less than it's worth.I won't tell you about the story, since i think the name sums it up really well, but please take those two minutes to read my remarks about this.The soundtrack is really awesome. Even now i just don't want to break the silence in my room. Even the clicks of my keyboard seem like a disturbance now.I don't know if this game will do the same to you, but it set me back to my childhood. Maybe you just have to have a few years on your back just to get the feeling; but if this game gets through to you then you'll find yourself in front of the screen with a smile - before you even realize it happens. I never thought i'd remember so many things i had so much fun to do while being little.Right now i'm really thankful to those people who made this.I enjoyed it. I don't think i'll play it a second time, but i'll treasure the memories it made come back to live.And i think the next time it rains i'll really jump into the puddle :)Additional piece of advice:Take your time, play it while you're in a quiet environment and just let it remember you how it was to be a child."
76561198200162735,Recommended,327410,25452789,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,cartoonguyj0513,"After being blown away by To The Moon, I am happy to see that Freebird games is continuing the formula with A Bird Story. If you've already played To The Moon,Chou should know what to expect, except this time the story is told without dialogue. While this may seem like an iffy decision it works out very well in the end, as it still manages to tell a heartwarming and oddly dreamlike tale through the eyes of a young boy. Potential buyers should know that the game is very short, and will only take about an hour to beat. Don't let this sway you though as it is entirely worth the small price.P.S. Just wait till the very end for a surprise from the developers"
,Recommended,327410,26301875,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Alextabitha,"A Bird Story is a good story driven game, The game itself is quite short taking me roughly 2 hours to complete however i was tabbing in and out. If you are looking for a game with good gameplay i wouldn't recommend this game to you as you only move and press space bar to interact. The soundtrack is really good and enjoyable to listen too.Overall i would rate this game around a 9 / 10 for story but a 3 / 10 for gameplay. I would have prefered there to have been hardly any gameplay something i could watch and just relax."
76561198220259403,Recommended,327410,25767244,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,MAYONE~ZU,bgm满分，贼温馨，气氛贼棒！操作性不强，是通过游戏这种方式讲故事。每个人都有内心宝贵的东西。wish freebird comes one day
,Recommended,327410,25892627,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Lionblaze,"This should be named ""A Bird Story: Prepare to Cry"". If you're into stories and you have enjoyed To The Moon this is a must buy. You will spend one hour of your life in a beautiful way.Simple but beautiful story, fenomenal music and a twist of emotions that will make you cry with the smile on your face."
76561198140893990,Recommended,327410,25863076,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,SharkHelp,Love this game.  Minimalist story telling at its finest.  Ken Gao is able to express a lot of emotions in a short time and not many pixels.
76561198321132941,Recommended,327410,26159804,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,foonamoose,This is so beautiful. I love how it told an interesting and compelling story without any words or dialouge. The music and graphics are gorgeous. I loved every minute of it. Completely worth the money and time.
,Recommended,327410,13842487,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,StarIV_Cecil,"Light, fun, and quick. A nice set up for the sequel to To The Moon, giving us some backstory for a (hopefully!) the main focal point in the next one."
,Recommended,327410,13411391,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,say0chan,"From the creator of ""To the Moon"", ""A Bird Story"" is a short, 1 hour-ish game about a young boy and his friendship with a wounded bird he saves. The game goes through magical realism as if in the boy's dream, crossing between real and dream.Recommend playing for the music, maybe it's just me and it was a stressful last week but the soothing melodies was really nice. Try get the OST if you can!Con: For those expecting it to have as much interaction as ""To the Moon"", there isn't much. Expecting to keep to the keyboard controlling the boy will be disappointed as there is a lot of AI control. Just FYI."
76561198028413642,Recommended,327410,13418112,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Danger Wolf,"To start, this game is about an hour long and I would place it under the label of ""interactive storytelling"". If you're looking for witty dialogue or fun gameplay, this is not the game for you. The story is wordless and requires minimal input. Basically, you move your character around and use simple controls to do simple tasks. That being said, this game offers an amazing story beautiful in its simplicity. The soundtrack is moving and so is the painted backgrounds and pixel art animation.The only cons are that it's too short and could be a bit more engaging.The whole game is very dreamlike, so play it if you have an hour or so of downtime and want to see something beautiful.8/10"
,Recommended,327410,15150579,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Tabulation,Get on sale. A cute and short story about a boy and his bird.
,Not Recommended,327410,15103060,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Mr. Universe,"From the makers of To The Moon, imagine my excitement as I saw this game released! To The Moon was one of the most emotional and compelling story-based games i've every played. I loved every minute of it. But this....This.... cant even hold a candle to To The Moon. I respect the idea of having a no-diologue story (Wall-e, Up, ect) but this was so god damn boring. There was absolutely no plot, no motivation to keep the player wondering what happens next, and not even an OUNCE of feels. Get To The Moon instead."
,Recommended,327410,15115061,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,GatthewMore,What an amazing little story. Teared up a little bit at one point...followed by big smiles....nice work
76561198165372817,Recommended,327410,15172640,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,MysticIris,"I bought this game a while ago and I've played through it twice. I enjoyed it both times because of the story and the cute animations on both the boy and the bird.I'm a fan of RPGs and a good story is important to me when I play a game. A Bird Story has a sweet story, along with a really good soundtrack.However, buyers should be aware that this game is only an hour to two hours tops and there's very little to do in the game other than move from location to location. The puddle jumping segments and flying segments were fun though.Overall, I recommend this game as a fan of good stories and nice soundtracks. However, if you're a gamer that cares more for a variety of game play elements and wants to play for a long time, then this game won't be for you."
,Recommended,327410,15277549,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,☭ Fidel Castro ☭,"A simple story about a boy who saves and befriends and injured bird, or is it much more than that? Games like A Bird Story don't need words. The emotional resonnance they utter so profusely is a common language of life - the shared lexicon of compassion and love. Nigh-un-paralelled in it's surreal narrative and world design, A Bird Story oozes with charm and character, from the profound music to the simplistic yet fitting art style. The game is rife with metaphors and symbolism, that of the likes I really encourage you to interpret yourself, rather than me offer any of my inane (or even insane) ramblings.Freebird games have impressively used their limited tools and resources to finely weave a truly meaningful and unforgettable experience.(Obligatory comment on the Benny Hill-Scooby Doo mash-up)Footnote: This review was so difficult to write because this game ♥♥♥♥ed me up, I've used more tissues than a sexually-deprived rich kid watching a can-can in a private school."
,Recommended,327410,15149442,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Brian Swang,"Ok, this game is beautiful. The music was great and the story behind it was very touching. Just like To The Moon, this game is a great example that every game doesn't need big up to date graphics and the craziest of gameplay. Instead, this game shows that gaming can be an experience through pure story. It is full of a multitude of emotions. This game doesn't run incredibly long and is best played through in one whole sitting.Unfortunately. just like every game, there is a slight issue and I wont ignore it just because I am a fan of both A Bird Story and To The Moon. This game has NO TEXT (I know this was intentional). The only text you will see in this game is at the main menu and during the credits. Removing all of the things such as dialogue can make the story a little bit difficult to follow as you will have to refer to facial expressions and body language which can make it even more difficult when what you're refering to are pixels. The music itself does however, help ease this problem slightly as the tone and pace of the music indicates different things and sets moods.All in all, this isn't a game but more of an experience. An experience which you should go through sitting comfortably with a headset/headphones and the lights off. I will say this however, I highly recommend checking out To The Moon first if you haven't already. There are sections of this game that may go over your head if you haven't played/seen it. If you have played/seen To The Moon then yes, pick up this game."
,Not Recommended,327410,15234039,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Simon_says,"To The Moon was fantastic. This is pretty tedious and boring, a slow story that had no reason to be slow, littered with rare brief moments of interactivity. It feels like Kan Gao wanted to make a short film, and begrudgingly made a video game instead. Maybe buy it if it's on sale and see if you like it. Music's alright."
,Recommended,327410,14926764,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,beckakashi,A thought provoking pixel game is what I asked for and that is what I got 9.5/10
76561198095726443,Recommended,327410,16369793,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,bezukhova,"A lovely prequel to, To The Moon. I'm glad they didn't put any dialouge because that would've ruined the game."
76561198037822639,Not Recommended,327410,16358678,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,LonePiper,"This is a pretty cute game, but very ""japanesey"" which isn't really my thing.At a bit over an hour, it's actually longer than I was led to believe and I started to get quite bored toward the end, which wasn't helped by large parts of the game taking control off you and basically playing themselves.I understand that this is supposed to be ""arty"" and not a ""traditional"" game, and so the lack of challenge doesn't bother me. I just found the experience a little tedious. I guess I just couldn't get into the story."
,Recommended,327410,16352528,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Random-storykeeper,"I got this game on sale for 60% off its original price, and thought that was worth the experience. The entire game took me about an hour and a half to beat, albeit with a few pauses to chat with a Steam friend.The game is extremely focused on delivering its story and puts the ""game"" element on the backburner. You're really only there to help push the story along with the press of a key or using the arrows to make the character walk from point A to point B. If anything, I wish the character's movement could have been faster; it was a little sluggish but the game tries to compensate by directly transitioning into the important locations so you don't have to constantly walk the same paths with no events occurring. A Bird Story makes some smart choices on how to set up the scenes to convey the story without having to use words.The stylistic choice of portraying the characters was interesting:every character except the boy, the birds and the badger are silhouettes. I'm not sure if this was to achieve a minimal style, but it did seem a little odd.Art and music are top notch. There's one point where you get to see several overhead scenes, and it's just very pretty and breathtaking at some points.Flying on the paper airplane to find the nests was by far the best scene in the game. The music is playful, beautiful and soulful. It fits perfectly with the sound effects and colours.If you take the game as an interactive silent film than a typical game, the experience is more enjoyable. If you just care about the gameplay, then this isn't really a game that will entertain you. For me, I don't mind games that can deliver on story and have minimal gameplay, so overall, I had a good experience. Not sure if I'd replay it again anytime soon, but  I'm glad to have purchased this game at the sale price, at least."
76561198134602711,Recommended,327410,16218199,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,BattleDucky,"A very brief and no less powerful story about a young man and his bird friend. Beautiful, from start to finish."
,Not Recommended,327410,13844195,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Ludrik,"To The Moon was heart-touching masterpiece. This? More of a short video than a game.Interactions where I could actually do something were rare and worse, they were meaningless.Story is frankly leading nowhere. When I saw the ending, only thing that I could be perfectly be sure of was that this game was a prologue to an another game that will 'come out one day'I really do hope 'Finding Paradise', the main story to ABS, does better than this. This wasn't even a joke.***I was careless and missed the description of devs. This is not 'To the moon 2,' fault was on me I guess."
,Recommended,327410,13949619,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Build-a-Butt Workshop,"The story was pretty decent and I like how expressive the art is, especially for pixel art. Music is pretty solid. Gameplay is non-existant, but if you're here you likely expected that.Closest thing to a PC release of Banjo-Kazooie."
76561198009303583,Recommended,327410,13918659,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,No0ne,"Coming for the creator of To The Moon i really had high expectations for this, their next game. This game is told through the use of visuals only, meaning no dialog, so playing a bit an coming back later is not recommend. Game seems short but am impressed on how well the story is ""told"". Soundtrack is not a ""Must Have"" but is still enjoyable.Still looking forward to what creator does next."
76561198080388173,Recommended,327410,13928794,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Ama no Kagaseo,"Graphics aren't everything.As thought it were some badge of honor, I hear guys constantly trumpet ""The graphics are so great my girlfriend can sit and watch while I play like it's a movie!""Well, in the case of A Bird Story, my wife was able to sit next to me while I played this (admittedly short) game, because she was so engrossed in the story.A Bird Story is an incredibly emotional and moving story, although it does rely on you to interpret the story as there is no dialogue. On top of that, the sound track is positively divine and lends itself to each heart crushing scene that you interact with in the game.ProsExcellent art directionBeautiful sound trackMoving storyShort?ConsNo dialogue (If you enjoyed 'To the Moon' for the witty banter, you wont find that here.)Game controls are far from perfectToo short?"
,Recommended,327410,13638739,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Nick,Yet another amazing game/interactive experience! Can't wait for the next full game :)
,Recommended,327410,12951455,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,ima asi,Although it isn't not as good as the To The Moon it is still amazing and the music is top-notch. Definitely worth playing.
76561198038511672,Recommended,327410,12952814,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,SJE06,"It's a lot like To The Moon except it has a lot less interaction and is a lot shorter. However, that should not deter anyone from playing this, especially if you enjoyed TTM. The music is at the same high standard set by TTM, the soundtrack is definitely worth the few extra bucks."
,Recommended,327410,12940235,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Vaelor,"If you expect a game, and more than 1h entertainment, or replay value, you are maybe wrong here.This is a short interactive Movie, if you did not like To the Moon, I guess you wont like A Bird Story.But it is a nice Story, nice Detail (I loved the partwhere the bird stuck his head out of the Tree and had the Bread on his head :D), and some nice Ideas.I would recommend it, but you should think about it first, if you really like to spend 5bucks on something this short and movielike!"
,Recommended,327410,12941914,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,aisute,"Beautiful storytelling! I'm so glad I found it today. Loved it a lot. Not Your typical computer game and that's brilliant. The way places were mixed together creating etheral, almost dream like world truly told a story in a most touching way and while the story is so simple it is so pure that it takes You right to Your childhood. thank You for a wonderful experience."
,Recommended,327410,12973308,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Norgus,"I got this largely because of how much I enjoyed To The Moon, and while short, this is a charming and touching piece,The music, pixel art, animation and backgrounds all come together really nicely, and the story is presented in an imaginative way through the eyes of the little boy.I would definitely recommend this, but if you have not yet played To The Moon, that should be your priority!"
76561197970563452,Recommended,327410,12973247,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Rico The Saboteur,"A Bird Story is really at the fringe of what constitutes a video game, as, here, interactions are neither providing you with any kind of choice or even the illusion of freedom, nor ask of you some sort of performance, they are only there to reinforce the identification, to make you enact the story of the character. This approach is not without merit, but it might have been better served by a slightly shorter or better paced game.That said, A Bird Story is without a doubt a pure product of video game love, in all its 16-bit pixel art glory, its narration through digital puppetry, and its skewing of video game codes.Sanding out: the originality (at least for a game) and the confident delivery of its wordless story, the fascinating use of space as a dreamscape and the beauty of some of the painted backgrounds."
,Recommended,327410,12974244,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,jaCUBE,"Touching even with no words? Yup, it's possible. A Bird Story proves it."
,Recommended,327410,12976299,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,SuplexedByLesnar,"It's not a game. It's an interactive story with no text and I thought it was well done. This hour long short really does move you. I've never seen any of this person's other work but based off this game, I may just check it out."
76561198093716925,Recommended,327410,12978406,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Hethic,"Storytelling at its finest, A Bird Story delivers a heartwarming experience like no other."
,Recommended,327410,12971119,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Hex Maniac Quinn,"If you're into a good story and emotions flowing throughout a game, you'll enjoy this. Don't even need to have played To The Moon to understand it. A good way to spend a part of your afternoon."
,Recommended,327410,12971605,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,noeg,Unparalleled storytelling by one of the great independent game developers of today.  An emotional rollercoaster achieved with no text is a fantastic accomplishment; throw in a stellar soundtrack and you have an inspired product.  10/10 - Can't wait for Finding Paradise!!
,Recommended,327410,13005053,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,shameen,so much feel...
,Recommended,327410,13084770,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,covertpanda,"Jack asses at freebird studios did it again, and without any dialouge. Can't wait for Finding Paradise, 10/10 would wimper again."
,Recommended,327410,12989418,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,TandyQ,A beautiful story with a lovely ending. Highly recommended.
76561198062006113,Recommended,327410,14334533,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,stinieboy,"Excellent story told without dialouge. Very short, but if you're willing to part with that one meal from McDonalds, you could totally get this instead. Very little replay value, but short enough that some might enjoy a second time through.I'm not *sniff* .... I'm not crying... I'm just sweating out of my eye balls. It's just a freaking bird..."
,Recommended,327410,14206303,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Yakumo Yukari,Nice game and soundtrack
,Not Recommended,327410,14192101,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,CrawlinUK,"If you have playedTo the Moon, and you enjoyed it, I don't reccomend rushing in to this game.There is very little to play, and would have prefered it without the interaction. Moving around, doing a couple of jumps, not required. I could have just watched it happen.It was short, but I was wishing it could be over quicker."
76561198002913795,Recommended,327410,14108776,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Misato,"This is a bit of a strange one.  Firstly, it's about an hour long only.  Also there's the issue of is it really a game if it has almost no gameplay?  This is pure narrative experience,  you go where the game wants to, no side trips, no secrets, nothing like that.  It's all about the story here.  A story told totally without words, actually.  There isn't any speech in the game, and there isn't a word of text to read aside from the menu on loading the game and the end credits.Ok, with that out of the way, there's the big question, is it worth it?  Is it good?  Yes, it is, absolutelly.  This game isn't To the Moon (by the same creator), it isn't its sequel, it's a separate thing, its own story that's obviously shorter and less ambitious in scope, but it's similar in feel, and just like To the Moon, worth playing.  The story isn't some groundbreaking thing no one's ever seen, but it's well done, it has emotional impact and is most certainly worth playing and a use of an hour I recomend."
,Recommended,327410,14114078,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,SaengIn,이 게임은 대사가 전혀없다게임시작 메뉴가 이게임의 처음이자 마지막 글자이다전작 투더문을 플레이해본 사람들이 기대하면서 구매하겠지만대사는 없고 움직이기만 하며 이게 뭔가 할수도 있다필자는 그런거 상관 없이 노래가 좋고 내용이 흥미로워  게임 엔딩을 보았다한번 해볼만한 게임이라고 말할수있다노래는 당연 전작과 같이 만족한다
,Recommended,327410,13222951,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Aetoss,"A small game with a lot of soul.The game talks a lot about childhood perception and memory.  It doesn't take long before you realize that this isn't a typical game; this is a game with a lot to say.  This game is brief and simple but there are moments that gave me pause.To those who complain about the game's length let me ask you this: would you rather pay $5 for a one hour game that you will always remember or $5 for a longer game that you won't?  I usually don't care for game critics very much but there is a quote from Kevin VanOrd that I think articulates the viewpoint really well:""A game's length, on its own, is such a meaningless indicator of a game's value or worth.""Personally, I would gladly pay for a brief game that leaves an impact on me.I'll end with some pros and cons:PROS:+Heartwarming Narrative with Memorable Moments+Clever usage of childhood perception in both the story and the landscape itself.+Has a clever way of demonstrating nostalgia, I won't spoil it.+Sprinkles of humor help maintain narrative balance.  The humor often references other things like old TV shows and other games.CONS:-The player is often left watching rather than playing.-Slow start.  This is surprising because of how short the game is, luckily things speed up relatively quickly.-The player is often asked to retrieve certain items or perform specific actions via visual cues.  In some cases it feels like it adds to the narrative in a meaningful way but there were a few times which felt unnecessary.CONCLUSION:  If you like memorable artistic games with 'feels' I would highly suggest playing this game."
,Recommended,327410,13310535,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,GoldenLeaf,"Truly a beautiful story. So compassionatly crafted to tell such a warm tale through sweet and simple animation that you are in control of, and with minimal text too.This story certainly brought a tear or two to my eyes, I won't lie.If you want a short and simple game (80 mins aprox) that will make you feel something, get A Bird Story, sit in a dark, quiet room and set your wings free."
76561198086962569,Recommended,327410,13314097,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,jopy25,"A very well-done story-driven experience. Music is better than To The Moon. However, it suffers from the combined limitations of its 2-dimensional plane and a complete lack of dialogue. What's there is done almost perfectly however, and it's certainly worth the $5 if you played To the Moon and liked it. Freebird Games delivers once again."
,Recommended,327410,13710378,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Xenplex,"A Bird Story is a sweet little game or rather story for that matter. If youlike a small emotional story, than you can definitely pick this game up, ifyou're looking for a small interactive game (or any form of game for thatmatter) than this is not for you.Everyone considering buying this game be warned that this is more like a storythan a game, because the interaction possibilities are very limited for thatmatter, which isn't necessarily a bad thing. Unfortunately the interactionsprovided were simply so linear (you could not do any other thing except thatsingle interaction at a given time) that they seemed more forced than anything.The story itself was actually extremely cliché, but it was executed perfectlyand did not leave any questions open.The level design is the best thing about this game. It's not that the leveldesign was something special or breath taking but how well it was designed toreflect the boys everyday life, especially the tunnel vision. Going from hometo school and going home back again, after some time you don't even completelyrealize how you got to your destination.The soundtrack also fitted perfectly into the game, not much to add there.What I found to be extremely annoying though are those long pauses, momentswhere your screen goes blank and stays that way for a moment. If it would havehappened once for every chapter it would have been ok, but there were momentswhere it happened quite often in series which was simply put quite irritating.All in all, I enjoyed this short little story and can recommend A Bird Story ifyou're aware of its shortcomings and what this game is not."
,Recommended,327410,12867345,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Stegosaurus,I need more from Kan Gao.
76561197994168154,Recommended,327410,12868930,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Gera Ioe,Very emotional interactive story about a bird and a boy
,Recommended,327410,12869397,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Arkatox,"Another incredible story by Kan Gao. It felt rather long for a single dream, but the feeling of being in a dream was done very, very well. I can't wait to learn this boy's life story in Episode 2 of the To the Moon saga.While the engine is still my biggest complaint with the creations of Freebird Games (I mean really—when has RPG Makereverbeen a good program?), A Bird Story felt a lot more polished than To the Moon in terms of gameplay. The game also retained the same great storytelling, but while the soundtrack was amazing, it didn't quite reach the level of awe and emotion that To the Moon did. That, however, would be a very hard feat to pull.It was worth the long wait for this game, but now we still need to wait an indefinite number of more years for Finding Paradise. :( Oh well. We, the dedicated fans, will be here waiting, whenever it does finally see the light of day."
,Recommended,327410,12870686,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,CHaDOS,"Short, but beautiful :) I loved 'To the Moon' and this game certainly has the same kind of heart and emotional depth to it, despite not having words. Really looking forward to more from this developer."
76561198138727298,Recommended,327410,12870963,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Thomaslai84,"A Bird Story was a simple game with a great story told with no words. The music was amazing, and fit the scenes very well."
,Recommended,327410,12871002,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Frei,"actually not as great as To The Moon, but still recommended for those who enjoying a short touching story and also with beautiful soundtracks, waiting for the next sequel :)"
,Recommended,327410,12871111,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Koala,"This game won’t be for everyone just like the previous game made by freebird (To the Moon), But I think that you should give it a chance. Like all other games from freebird, the gameplay consists of moving around with the arrow keys and pressing the spacebar to interact. The game is very short (just a little bit over an hour) so I can see not buying for that reason. The story here is not like to the moon, but it still brings tons of heartwarming moments and emotion without ever saying a single word. Soundtrack [of course] is fantastic.... get the game with the soundtrack.... it’s worth it.Just like the last big title by freebird games, A Bird Story is a must play if you are looking for a story to make you feel da feels, even at the cost of gameplay mechanics"
76561198028115830,Recommended,327410,12871120,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,RapidRat,"Although this game is only an hour or two long depending on how quickly you rush through it, I feel that Its been done so beautifuly and brought me back to Freebirds earlier game 'To the Moon', which still remains to be one of my favourite steam games. The music still gets me every time and from the start, I felt the feels start to hit me hard."
,Recommended,327410,12871210,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,x227man,"Visually stunning game that tells a very strong story without dialogue. Can't wait for the sequel to the game. Made by the same people who made To The Moon and it can bee seen in the art style as well as the music for the game. The music for the game is also amazing, it goes well with the story of the game, like To The Moon."
,Recommended,327410,12855377,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Massive Erection,"An excellent, emotional game. It's not as emotional as to the moon, but it'll still make you tear up. Great work as usual. I recommend this game and every game from Freebird Games."
,Recommended,327410,12855549,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Noro,"Loved the game.Although I was expecting it to be a longer game (i.e. To The Moon length and style), I wasn't let down.Taking a completely different angle than To The Moon, this game still has a great soundtrack and story just like TTM, but is more like Kan Gao's 'Do You Remember My Lullaby?', in that it has little/no dialogue and is less interactive than TTM.The end of the game was brilliant as it places it into the same series as TTM by giving a hint at the next game, which was expertly done.Good story, good soundtrack and an overall awesome game."
,Recommended,327410,12855606,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Zanda64,"This game is beautiful. I want to say thank you Kan Gao and everyone else who supported this game, and another thank you for putting another tear in my eye from this beautiful story!"
76561198072294545,Recommended,327410,12855786,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Commissariant,"Been waiting for this since To The Moon came out, all I have to say is this:IT WAS WORTH THE WEIGHT!"
,Recommended,327410,12855794,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,AsatorPrime,"Can't wait for Finding Paradise, this was a nice little prequal"
,Recommended,327410,12856087,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Dr. Extenze,"A+, They did amazing job with To the Moon. This has absolutely no words at all in it, yet you can connect so well. Super Heart felt. Seriously Recommend!"
,Recommended,327410,12857383,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Wesker Frank,Not directly a sequel to 'To the moon' but some sort of side story; this short 1 hour story will tear you appart.
,Recommended,327410,12860632,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Ghost Trick: Phantom Detective,CAN'T HANDLE ALL THIS FEELS
76561198032284924,Recommended,327410,12860635,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Alucard,Damn you Kan [Reives] Gao!!You made me cry.... ;-)Brilliant little game!
,Recommended,327410,12861046,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Avadark,"A Bird Story is another wonderful short story told by Freebird. The music is perfect, as is the use of time and space. Do play!"
76561197970353469,Recommended,327410,12861143,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Buddylove_IRE,Nice short story. Great touches here and there that will probably hit home with everyone.
,Recommended,327410,12837388,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,~Nilky~,"Had my doubts with as big a predecessor as To The Moon, but was a fantastic game. In the hour it takes to complete, it is amazing at conveying emotion without any dialogue. Cannot praise Kan Gao more for his work. I am in love with his games and will continue to fully suppor them in the future"
,Recommended,327410,12914728,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Eve,"Such a great game! I have been waiting for this game for quite some time now, and was not disappointed. Great job Freebird Games!"
76561198027092152,Recommended,327410,12915319,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Bajit,"Not as emotional, not as touching and not as complex as To the Moon, but it is still a beautiful, hearth-worming and intelligent story about friendship between lonly kid and injured bird. If you enjoyed To the Moon you simply MUST play this game, even if it ends after only 60 minutes."
,Recommended,327410,12910033,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Sentai,"Idiotically cute, sweet and touching. Much of what you'd expect from these guys. 30/10"
76561197984397805,Recommended,327410,12911905,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,MelloYelloCello,Really enjoyed this game!! Touching story and very quick which I appreciate. :) Bravo!!
,Recommended,327410,12889124,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,The Chocolatier,I'm not crying there's just a whole pepper in my eye.
76561198084995930,Recommended,327410,12889868,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Jack,"-A verry predictable but well told story.-Slightly disapointing.-2D style suits game well.-Only takes up one hour of your timeBuy it , play it , make your own opinion of it. I enjoyed my time with this game and I'm sure you will too."
76561198055117240,Recommended,327410,12890907,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Quinn,"The music and ambient sounds fit so well in this game, definately glad I purchased the soundtrack. A nostalgic and fun journey that lets you go at your own pace.I'm very happy I could support the people who contributed to this game and I look forward to future games."
,Recommended,327410,12890918,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,bookwormae,"I have to say, out of all the games I've ever played, this was the most touching. Not having played ""To The Moon"" myself, but have seen a playthrough, I decided to buy ""A Bird Story"" for myself. Having high expectations, I began to play.I was not disappointed. This game and soundtrack is utterly amazing and is not something that can be found just anywhere, neither is it something you could just be fulfilled just by watching a playthrough on Youtube. It tells a beautiful story of, like it says, a boy and an injured bird.This is the first game I have ever played to bring my eyes to tears. I highly, highly, suggest you buy it and experience this beautiful story too."
,Recommended,327410,12892843,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Breezus_,Masterpiece
,Recommended,327410,12892885,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,UjuidarEhcram,"A Bird Story is less a game and more an interactive short story, but it's a good experience nonetheless. The gameplay is minimal, but the story is pretty good, the art is beautifully done, and the music is great.The story is rather slow and calm, but touching. It certainly isn't the emotional ride that To The Moon (the previous game by this developer) was, though. I found that I wasn't as invested in this story, and perhaps that's because I'm not much of an animal person. It didn't help that one or two of the key moments in the story were a little bit unclear. To The Moon was an excellent game, but I felt that this game was merely good.People who are waiting for the sequel for To The Moon should probably play through A Bird Story in the meantime. People who aren't should first play To The Moon, then play A Bird Story when they inevitably do become anxious for the sequel."
,Recommended,327410,12893209,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,DrEvilSauce,"Another fine piece of art by Ken Gao.  This really isn't so much a game, as it is more an interactive story, and the story it weaves is quite masterful.  To the Moon impressed me on levels that most games don't, so I was afraid that A Bird Story wasn't going to measure up to the incredibly high bar set by Gao's first creation.  In truth?  It doesn't.  However, that doesn't mean I didn't still greatly enjoy it.  What astounds me is that even though there wasn't any dialogue throughtout the play, I never found myself needing it.  Instead, I found myself narrating what was being depicted, and in an odd sense....it was incredibly satisfying.  I also think it needs to be pointed out that the OST is absolutely stunning.  If you liked the To the Moon OST, than you won't be disappointed here either.  Do yourself a favor; buy this game, buy the OST, and just immerse yourself in it.  Thank me later.  It's worth every penny."
76561198098531876,Recommended,327410,12894145,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,nick.hope93,Very cute story and very well written. Reminded me a bit of Alice Madness Returns with it shifts from the real world and his own world in his mind. The lack of any dialouge helped this game be even better. well worth the hour or so to sit down and see a true work of art.
,Recommended,327410,12956688,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,FreeMagician,It's just more than ONE HOUR~
,Recommended,327410,12956883,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Lemonfraid,"Very short, and barely playable. It's not so much a game as it is a preview for something else, and that's the only reason for the thumbs up. But if you're familiar with To the Moon, then you what you're getting. I'm just not sure it's worth the price."
76561197994921957,Recommended,327410,12958462,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Siraj,"The creator of To The Moon has done it again, masterfully crafting a gorgeous narrative with pixel art.  Bonus points for doing it without dialogue at all, in this endeavor.For all it's $5 and an hour long, it's fantastic and will most certainly tug at the heartstrings.Simplistic, yes, but beautiful.  You won't regret this purchase."
76561198027191869,Recommended,327410,12960186,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Dastan,"A beautiful game, with an awesome soundtrack and a touching story"
76561198045716262,Recommended,327410,12960576,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Munfadir,I have never played a game that made me so emotional. I recommend playing by yourself for this one as it really makes you think about life which is what I think everyone can do and enjoy every now and then. Absolutely beautiful little short story and the soundtrack is gorgeous. Buy it and bring a box of tissues with you along the way.
,Recommended,327410,12960847,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,PrepH,10/10
,Recommended,327410,15054769,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,MeeKrob,This game is as good as To the Moon if you were curious... the interesting thing about this game however is that it tells a story without any dialogue.
76561198067955591,Recommended,327410,13278135,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Hero Marli v Boss Clide,"Although the game is quite short, I found it very enjoyable and cute. The visuals are nice and the music is very pleasing to the ears. It is very simple and I find that you don't play the game as much as you watch it unfold--this can be a good or bad thing depending on the person. If you like To The Moon, I 100% recommend buying this; if you haven't played To The Moon or didn't like To The Moon, only buy the game if the trailer looks intresting. The biggest complaint I have about the game is the price since the game is so short $4.99 seems a little high priced, but either way it's a good game and solid buy."
,Recommended,327410,13260434,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Spoon,"This is short-story game from Kan R Gao the creator of the most memorable game called 'To The Moon.' Whoever haven't play To The Moon wouldn't understand what is so great about A Bird Story.Creator make games using RPGMaker like no others. He create story, music, characters....just so talented. I won't spoiler anything in this review, since these games are best to play blinded. People are so use to watch 'Let's play' contents from YouTube, or reading walkthrough for an answer that they won't have full experience of these games. If you watch enough let's play channel from the YouTube, you may wonder why everyone is wearing headphone. There is multiple reason for that matter, but most importantly to fully experience the game with the rich sound design. When you go  to the movie theater they immerse you with the premium sound quality. It wouldn't be scare if you watch movie without a sound.Bird Story is like a Trailer for the next sequel that everyone has been waiting for after finishing To The Moon.::Would I recommend this game?::This game doesn't have any dialogue, and plays about an hour for completion.If you're big fan of the game 'To The Moon' this is trailer for the sequel so you do not want to miss it.If you never tried 'To The Moon' comeback afterward. I was happy enough to know this showed so many promising element to the sequel, and looking forward to it. =)"
76561197963779962,Recommended,327410,13261623,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,PEDRO,"83 Mins to complete the journey,  I like this kind of chilled out experiance.  Find some time  by yourself have a drink and enjoy.It's not for everyone and i'm glad that games like these create such love hate relationships. Its the freaky little games like this that make PC gaming worth the hastle."
76561198116403348,Recommended,327410,13372896,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,DeatheCheshire,"If a picture can be worth 1,000 words, then this game needs no words to move your heart. There is no speech within this game, just a visual experience with little interaction to move the story forward, but the experience of this game has been an amazing adventure. This game may only be about an hour long, but during that time I was smiling, laughing, amazed, had my breath taken away and brought to tears. By far one of the most beautiful games I have ever played. Just saying how great this game cannot do it justice; it must be played to understand and see its wonderful tale."
,Recommended,327410,13374019,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,sinchobe,"Really good lead into Finding Paradise. Haven't played To The Moon in awhile, but I can really tell how much improvement has been made from an artistic and technical standpoint. The way the world around you moves is pretty impressive. Great experience."
,Recommended,327410,12846501,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,OmniShift,"Although not as good and moving as To The Moon (I had the fair warning from Kan Gao's youtube video about that), it's still an enjoyable story. I would rate the music higher than the story itself, so I'm glad I purchased the soundtrack along with the game.All in all, I would not explicitly tell people to buy this game, but considering it's very low price, playability on nearly any pc and its once again marvelous music, I can say I do not regret this purchase.7/10"
76561198103446467,Recommended,327410,12846581,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Nurse Chan,"What a simply magical little story. The characters were adorable, and that soundtrack! My goodness, that piano playing sends shivers down my spine everytime. Mr Gao... you've done it again, you wonderful man."
,Recommended,327410,12847117,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,PRATA BOY,A lovely experience.
76561198118980912,Recommended,327410,12847336,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,cookiehongstar,"This is a lovely game, although it's short it just got me what I needed. Perfect for playing while it's raining outside, with a blanket around you, some tea and a cat in your lap (a dog works too if you prefer it). This piece of art felt very relatable as I'm going through something similar right now (not with a bird, or even an animal but with a friend). It might not be for everybody but it works perfectly for me."
,Recommended,327410,12849532,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Actually Graham Norton,"Simple, yet phenomenal story telling. Great soundtrack and use of transitions."
76561197969759305,Recommended,327410,12849611,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Shalune,An experiment in storytelling; the plot devices used were more interesting to me than the plot itself.Just don't expect a full on sequel to the heart-wrenching To the Moon. The narrative vignette of A Bird Story is vastly shorter and not so involved.
76561198094002066,Recommended,327410,12849803,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Copy,"A short story about a young boy who saves and takes care of a injured bird. Its a touching story that I recommend.And if you ever wanted to become friends with a bird, here is you chance!"
,Recommended,327410,12850092,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Tacowolf,"It has very little gameplay but the art and music, as well as the story, are great. I loved how instead of them telling me what was going on, they just showed the scenes and let me figure out the rest."
,Recommended,327410,12850288,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,baron von jiggly,A great short and very sweet story. If your coming to this from to the moon your in for something nice. if your coming in fresh its calming and very beautiful i hope you enjoy. I would say get and play to the moon while you wait for the continuation of this as the 2 main charcters from it return. plus if this wet your beak ( :3 ) to the moon will really get to you.TL;DR a cute fun short story that is great.
,Recommended,327410,12847056,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Phischermen,"This game exceeded my expectations. I didn't expect to laugh so much, and I didn't expect how much more interactive this game would be compared to Kan's other projects.However, when the game ended, I wasn't sure how I felt. There were so many loose ends that never tied themselves together.And I never figured out how much of this story the kid imagined in his head and how much of it was real.I'm eager to find answers in ""Finding Paradise"", but I kind of imagine you could play that game and skip this one without missing out on too much."
,Recommended,327410,12850382,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,emwutv,Thank you Kan for making games which you want to make and you do it well. Waiting for next story.
76561198047737008,Recommended,327410,12850587,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,"Mat | Volente Deo, Lucete Stella","With a small break in between, this game takes ~1hr to beat.The soundtrack for the game is lovely, just like it's predecessor, To The Moon.The Story revolves around a boy, and a bird. The story features no direct dialogue, which adds to the mystery of this little mini-episode within itself.I would definitely recommend this game for its price, it's a great little story that seems to be the pilot for a longer story to come."
76561198092792706,Recommended,327410,12850675,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,LipstickGirl,A simple yet very touching story. The game had a very dreamy atmosphere and I loved every moment of it. I can tell that the creator is an extremely creative person and I will patiently wait for his next project.
,Recommended,327410,12851054,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Zoloft,"Quite good; not the same as To the Moon, but if you knew this going in.Didn't have the same ""emotional impact"" but it's a very sweet story, and would recommend to anybody with an hour tok ill. Great price too; especially to support a really good video game developer."
,Recommended,327410,12851177,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,•cC• Cookie,"I'll try and make this short.To the Moon was a story that could make you giggle, cry, laugh, then sob. It was about many things, and it's colorful duo of protagonists was a testament to that.But what if you made it just a bit happier? What if you took away the deep, dark and repressed themes it held underneath it's adorable and sarcastic shell? Take away the dialogue, making the entire game free of speech from ANY character?Well, under normal circumstances taking away such things could easily ruin one's format of storytelling.Fortunately, Kan Gao (that's the developer, by the by) solved this by building the story without thought of conversation.The protagonist is loveable simply through his cute little emotions and interactions.A Bird Story will make you question, wonder, worry, love, and chuckle.It, however, will not make you cry."
,Recommended,327410,12851622,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Falindrith Lanthaloran,"This short one-hour minimally-interactive experience beautifully develops the relationship between a boy and an injured bird without saying a single word. It manages a level of expressiveness than most games with their fancy 3D graphics and lighting ever manage to achieve.If you intend to play To the Moon's full sequel, you'll want to play A Bird Story, as the character in this game is the patient in the sequel."
,Recommended,327410,12851640,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,moegsvin,"One hour of nicely wrapped story told without words.Mood set by beautiful piano background, and no puzzles to break the flow.If you are patient and imaginative, this game is worth the price."
76561198059498836,Recommended,327410,12851958,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Krys,"It's a very short game with beautiful music and good graphics for an RPG make game. The story is beautiful even though there is no dialogue. The simplicity but the deep emotions that are portrayed are nothing new to FreeBird Games.I have to say, I’m glad this got released on my birthday because it was the best gift I could ever give myself and I loved playing every second."
76561198043740011,Recommended,327410,12852946,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,jd^,Really really good Storytelling.Never thought you would feel so involved in a 1h game.Freebird Games did it again! :)
76561198099431767,Recommended,327410,12853559,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Pieck Online,It`s a short but sweet game that gives you a lot of questions to ask
76561197993408958,Recommended,327410,12853787,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Bryce,Brought tears to my eyes 5/5
,Recommended,327410,12854082,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,-FAP- Incognito Mosquito,"Brilliant soundtrack, wonderfully told story. Cannot recommend highly enough. Be aware that this is a 1-hour interactive story, the gameplay elements are very limited. It's not a test of skill, it's the telling of a story where you help move it along at points. BUY THE SOUNDTRACK BUNDLE, you'll thank me later."
,Recommended,327410,12854399,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Manda,Cute little game. Really hope more gets added to it. Can't wait. I would only recommend it if you like To The Moon and want to see what will be added to this.
,Recommended,327410,12854712,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Gucci Gundam,I just love birds. 10/10
76561198076540835,Recommended,327410,12838380,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,tmdghkszx,good~!! as expected very fantastic!!
,Recommended,327410,12838482,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,jamm,"This is a lovely, fantastical story told with beautiful pixel art, music and sound effects.  Definitely worth experiencing.  Keep in mind this is not much of a game: you'll be spending 99% watching a story unfold, and it's far, far less interactive than ""To the Moon"", so set your expectations accordingly."
,Recommended,327410,12838593,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,WhiskeyTangoFoxtrot,"Good story telling, just kind of short and not as much game play as I wanted."
,Recommended,327410,12838640,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,anemoneko,Amazing soundtrack. Beautiful story.Definitely worth picking up if you are a fan of To The Moon.
76561197999597024,Recommended,327410,12839546,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,paksas,A truly amazing game and a worthy successor to To The Moon.An adult game about childish friendship - pure and unconditional....and that music!10/10 - I sincerely recommend.
76561198053747036,Recommended,327410,12839579,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Felixman,"I don't believe that 1 hour length game is enough to make me drown in the story of this game.It was perfect, No dialogues is a perfect thing about this game. No need a word to describe such a simple, but strong story.Thank you developers,Perfect game, Wonderful experience and GREAT MUSIC! oh gawd the music was stunning.Thanks, I would appreciate that you guys check the play-through I did for that game.Link :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eKQIgTDuQh0"
,Recommended,327410,12839617,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,BuiltOnFire,"Much like its predecessor, A Bird Story leaves you with a warm heart and a lot to think about. It leaves the player with an experience that affects the way they will interact with the world.In A Bird Story, we find ourselves once again in the world of memories. This time, though, the instead of exploring in memories, memories are the physical space we explore. The way this is presented is both powerful and enjoyable. It draws us into not only the world of this nameless young boy and is avian friend, but also into a world of loss, fantasy, lonliness, and the fundamental desire to belong.The main flaw in A Bird Story is the weak gameplay. In To the Moon I felt like I was playing an adventure game, while this game was more of an experience wit a few game-like elements tagged on here and there. Don't get me wrong, though. These elements are extremely effective in telling parts of the story and expressing certain emotions, and they did a lot to draw the player in to what would otherwise be a cutscene you walked around in. But they held your hand quite tightly, and occasionally felt gimicky. At the end of the day, this is a video game, and how good it is as a game needs to be taken into consideration.The power of the experience and the way in which the themes were explored mean that I would highly recommend this game. The weak gameplay, though, mean that it isn't a must-play classic like To the Moon was."
,Recommended,327410,12839719,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,The Large Mountain Jew,Played it and felt massive amounts of feels. The only side effect is now I feel an overwhelming need to go work at a bird shelter.
76561198047811734,Recommended,327410,12839752,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,HaleyKnight,"This game is insprising, breathtaking... heartwarming... and... and..... *quietly sobs*"
,Recommended,327410,12839771,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,OhMyBuddha,I Can't Wait to play the next episode of this...The bird remind me a cat that i feed her everyday... and she die because of the cruel guy run the car over her...
,Recommended,327410,12839944,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,stimulated Dradow,"Felt like the cute little brother of To The Moon, like a snack to satisfy the people who are hungry for the sequel of its big brother. Still a nice game, though."
,Recommended,327410,12839986,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,pikopika,"If you are a fan of Kan (Reives) Gao and enjoy his work, I don't see why you wouldn't want to play this game too. While it may seem to just be a short narrative that has no dialogue and is just over an hour long, the player experiences a range of emotions thoughout the run. You may laugh, cry, and even get mad at a character or two. The music is also a match with the game, considering it was the work of the creator, Kan (Reives) Gao. If I had to say one sentence to describe the game, it is the embodiment of ""Actions speak louder than words""."
76561198001754793,Recommended,327410,12840031,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,yoman1423,This short is such a sweet story! Recommended for people who like emotionally driven tales.
,Recommended,327410,12840498,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,RagnaR,"A nice prelude for the sequel of To The Moon, titled: Finding Paradise."
,Recommended,327410,12841053,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Cycle Coaster,you enslave a handicapped bird with piano music 16/10 would play again
76561198025812656,Recommended,327410,12841062,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Kryssy,"The fact that something so seemingly simplistic and lacking in gameplay can be such an emotional, moving, and often relatable experience is a testament to Kan Gao's abilities. Play this, and then pick up 'To the Moon' for another worthwhile experience."
76561198033311893,Recommended,327410,12841506,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Inco,A short but lovely interactive story that bridges the gap between To The Moon and its sequel.
,Recommended,327410,12841896,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Avantgardian [Aaron Oldgrump],:')
,Recommended,327410,12843310,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,BobFish,"No words, but still better then a lot of other games. An amazing experience, with a wonderful soundtrack that should get as well!"
,Recommended,327410,12843692,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,MackDaddy,"Good warm-up for the To The Moon sequel. Beautiful little story, and some of the backdrops are very nice. No real gameplay to be found but if you expected that you were looking at the wrong game."
,Recommended,327410,12843871,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Piglet,"This is a great game STORY wise, If your looking for a cute game that looks nice and a great soundtrack this is for you, But if your looking for gameplay... well there is not that much gameplay, but if you have the spare time and money for a cute little story then this is for you."
,Recommended,327410,12844020,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Bruton_Gaster27,10/10 would cry again.
,Recommended,327410,12844381,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,D2Kvirus,"If you loved To The Moon, you'll love this.If you love life and beauty, you'll have loved To The Moon, so you'll love this."
,Recommended,327410,12844494,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Sxphyre,"I've always wanted to fly away without any worries with a bird.And now I can. C:Beautiful soundtrack, touching story, and impressive job without using dialogue."
,Recommended,327410,12844329,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,alexaoi,1 hour long gratified jrpg cutscene.Infinite awwwwwwww's/10.Would cry again.I really liked To The Moon and this game is very nice for being basically prologue of the sequel.
,Recommended,327410,12844517,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Stormy,Many feels. 12/10.
