user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,327510,23519542,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,ArtificialRaven,"WASTED is a rogue-like FPS RPG that has the look of a Borderlands game but the gameplay and feel of what the Fallout games will be like if Bethesda keeps simplifying them.  With that said, It all clicks together nicely. There is a well made game in all this.This game has a game mechanic that will make you want to rush through. If you stay on a floor too long (feels like 2-3 minutes), a Purifier (otherwise known as the S.O.B. or Hunter) will slowly hunt you down and try to kill you. There are many ways to run away or fight a Purifier but if you're looking for a game that lets you take your time and explore for all the goodies, this ain't it. If this doesn't bother you, read on.You create a character and make your way down through ""Coolers"", which are essentially what Vaults are to the Fallout games. Each floor is randomized and the loot gets better as you go deeper. There's equipment that raises skills such as sneaking, melee power and all that other good stuff, a nice variety of skills and traits. There's also random flasks of booze you can find that will add a random effect (called BUZZ), good or bad, to your run. After exploring a few floors you'll come across a checkpoint that lets you drink special bottles of booze that will make you pass out and return home. You can stash whatever gear you've found for future runs and for your next character, should you die. The checkpoint booze also gives you a hangover (like BUZZ) that will carry over into your next run. There is a huge variety of weapons & armor to equip and there's even a crafting system to craft better weapons & armors if you're good enough to bring the right materials back home or lucky enough to send them home via courier box. If you die, you lose everything your character is carrying at the time.Sadly, the Purifier was a game breaker for me and it's not a game mechanic I wanted to deal with at all. Some minor nitpicks I have is gun accuracy isn't based on player skill and the knockback in this game is too floaty. Those are my main gripes. This game isn't for people who like to take their time. I got a refund for the game so giving it a positive recommendation would be disingenuous at best. But if all the stuff I complained about doesn't bug you, then by all means get this game.Edit: fixed some typos"
,Recommended,327510,25093745,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Влади́мир Влади́,"Welcome to 1980. Welcome... to the end of the world. All of the inteligent people died. The stupid lives.WASTED is... many things. That being a Fallout-esque Borderlands-looking Rogue Legacy-progressing Teleglitch-randomising Spelunky-paced and overall unique rogue-like game. WOW THAT'S A LOT OF WORDSAnd now, for an actual review:The intro probably left you bonkers, so let me explain that for you: oh, uhm... I actually don't know where to start. How about the premise.The whole thing the game's got running for it is that by the end of the year 1980 a nuclear holocaust happened between the communists and America. To prevent the population from dying, the so called ""coolers"" were created as a shelter against radiation. Everything is done ala Fallout style so far. However, there's a twist! All of the people in the cooler ended up drunk! So when the earth became repopulable again, everybody was stupid! They drank all the booze they could find, injected everything that was sharp in them and the currency for trading became TP(short for TOILER PAPER), which I have to agree with TotalBiscuit, it actually makes more sense than the Bottlecap currency in Fallout.Perhaps you heard about a world where everyone's an idiot, but this game is the first one to put it on paper and it does its job perfectly.And before talking the gameplay aspect, you must think that the story must be weak or mediocre. Now you'd be surprise when I say it... IT'S NOT! It's actually got a good solid story! The world and atmosphere is depicted as you can expect it to be, with wasters(game's pick on wastelanders) spewing non-sense out of their mouth and everything that shines is worth one million more than the second thing that doesn't shine. Now for the story I actually don't want to spoil ANYTHING whatsoever, so I'll just leave that be for now.So, the gameplay. Starting right off the bat, your goal in this game is to get drunk. How do you get drunk? By going in a cooler, of course. The coolers are essentially the rogue-like aspect of this game, in which the map of every floor is randomly generated. And for the most part you'll be spending time exploring all the loose ends until the big scary minigun guy gets ye', which will get to that in a second.The gameplay in itself is an actual RPG with many FPS elements. You hear that Fallout 4? I said actual RPG, Google it. Anyway, the RPG consists of the loot you find across, which is surprisingly diverse, which again, we'll get to that in a bit, and the charm that makes you the drunkard of the wastes, yourS.P.E.C.I.A.L.-S.H.O.T.S.. These are special attributes that change your gameplay, and it's pretty significant. This way, you can actually do multiple playthroughs trying different styles, like laser weapons, melee berserk, gun nut etc. Unlike Fallout however, stats not only can be increased, but they can be decreased as well, meaning you can do literal negative damage at its worse of times. What makes this so worthy of giving a mentioning is how stupid some things can devolve to, which is better to be experienced on your own skin, really.I have talked about how it's so close to Fallout. Now how about Borderlands? You have 2 ways of playing the game: one being where you are a purist and try to stay as sober as possible, or drink all of the booze possible, turning you into God.  The farming of the drinks is surprisingly addicting. And fun. As you go deeper into the cooler, better drinks start to show up, and you won't believe how many of them are there! From simple stat boosts to unique drinks such as ""slowing down time in the air"" the variety in everything is quite possibly amazing. As an ending point on this topic, the farming is really fun and the rpg play extremely well, with some minor balance issues here and there, but not really worthy of criticizing too hard imhoThe enemies in this here game are represented by a couple of factions, each one having its own characteristics and backstory and specific combat styles. All I have to say is that everything isn't ""many but bland"", instead is ""few and distinguishable"". In the first cooler you'll see just normal generic raiders, but later find charging laser shooting robots and samurais that leap from wall to wall to get you. And that's just to tease you, oh boy, there's more past this point.Oh, and don't you think I forgot about Mr. Miniguy from earlier. If you spend too much time on a cooler, this big duderino beast will come out to kill you, the S.O.B. Purifier. He has 600 hp with good armor and carries a minigun. If you've seen some negative reviews, you've clearly seen alot of 'em talk just about him. This guy is to make sure you play the game at a high pace and you don't take too much time on the floor. Everyone tends to disagree with this mechanic. I, as a potential future game designer, couldn't agree more with it. Listen, before throwing ♥♥♥♥ at me, how many of you would just stealth the entirity of the floor without getting in any sort of combat whatsoever? You'd all do that, and the game would turn really boring and repetitive and so forth. With this guy, you're always on your toes, or else your booty might be taken away by this guy. And to be frank with you, this guy becomes a JOKE on later levels! I did a complete farming run, and he couldn't do jack to me! I actually killed him specifically for rifle ammo, which is pretty funny. In all honesty, he should be buffed for later coolers, so he keeps being a challenge to the player instead of an ammo sink. But that's just me and my silly dev dreams. Movin on.As a final point, the dailies. These... arethe bestfeature in this whole damn game. Now there are a lot more things to be put in this review, but I'm afraid of Steam cutting me short after every sentence I write, so might as well. The daily runs are, well, a run where you start it up daily and compete on the leaderboard, ez pz. Then what's so damn good about them? Is that you start from ground zero and the run keeps on going forever! Well, until you die, anyway. So none of your brought equipment, none of your special booze powers, just you, your skill, and ALL of the enemies of the game mish-mashed together for an ultimate experience. The difficulty is also much tougher than in your average run, as booze now decreases your max hp and enemies can reach ridiculous amounts of health. It's these kind of things that make you say: ""only in a daily"". Not only that, but there are many events to happen, there are items you can bring back and use in the base vanilla, and seeing how the devs saw this as a fun and exciting experience, you can even practice them from the main menu at any time! Heck, if you don't like the campaign, I recommend this solely for the dailies! Are just so damn fun!tl;dr WASTED is truly, if not one of my favorite games of all time, one of my favorite games of the year and one of the greatest rogue-likes to be released! A unique blend of Fallout role-playing and Borderlands art and humour mixed with a trusty procedural-generated playground makes this a whortwhile experience for anyone interested for an unique world filled of drunkards with guns, mutants, katanas and what-not. I purchased this game at a -25% discount and I regret not buying this at full price, as it deserves each and every penny for every second I spent playing it. Highly recommended purchase at any time, and if you do end up enjoying it, please, make sure to share this game with your friends, as it deserves more popularity and recognition than it currently has, which for most indie game that is how the cookie crumbles, but I really do not want to see this one turn up like that. Thanks for the understanding in advance.As for you Mr. Arthur Podunkian, I said this and I'll say it again: hats off to you, you beautiful b@stard.And for you, the reader: this has been your random reviewer on the internet, signing off!"
,Recommended,327510,23750810,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Ding Dong,"I just completed the game 100%. Hopefully there will be DLCs because I'm addicted to the gameplayFor what this games packs in , it's ridiculously cheap. It could easily go for 30$+ without me feeling anywhere close to ripped off. It is really THAT enjoyable.The best way to describe it is a mixture of DOOM (The fast paced shooting) , Fallout (The Coolers and the RPG elements) and borderlands (Art style and humor).The randomly generated coolers will get you wanting to go back so you can get more. It keeps the game quite refreshing even after you've seen all the rooms countless timesYOU WILL DIE. This game has quite a learning curve. If you're patient enough to complete the first boss, you can easily complete the game. The first cooler is the hardest by far because of the lack of equipment as you go in. Sometimes the randomly generated rooms will create a cheap death (open a door with a shotgun trap right in front of it that blows your brains out), but it will teach you to stay on edge before and after every move.To be perfectly honest, I am not sure if the game has a difficulty curve issue or if it's because of the learning curve, but I found myself struggling and cursing my life out in the two first coolers while the others were a blast through (a very enjoyable one, mind you)Soundtrack is amazing. A bit small, but amazing. I love how the dev took the oportunity to put the spotlight on smaller indie bands.All in all, this game is a must have for any fallout, borderlands or rogue like fans. It's refreshing with its mechanics and with how complete it is while it is a huge nod to all the games we love.This clearly is a passion project from Mr. Podunkian and It's completely worth the money. I'm genuinely surprised he's not charging more than that.I'm looking forward to the updates.edit: typos"
,Recommended,327510,23512719,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,SystemDarkness,"Short versionBuy this game if you like-Roguelites-addictive gameplay-looting and crafting-excent sounds and music-humor-Dying horrible to keep going till you win-A lovely devolper who is active in the forumsDon't buy this game if you don't like-being rushed by a time limit of a killiable but tough enemy who slowly hunts you down, to pressure you to hurry to the exit-Repetive gameplay-post apocalyptic Booze-dying horribly(Long Rant version)Wasted isn't a wine to be savored and spat outits ment to be pounded down, enjoying the flavor and the burn, oh the burn, then getting really hung over and then chasing that hangover with another Drink, while i wouldn't call it a cheap Beer, the substance and complexity of the game makes quite an addictive experaince.Two things to mention First off the Brand of Humor of which Mr. Podunkian has distilled for this game, is so refreshing, it has references and nods to Pop culture without resorting to Meme culture and some what pokes fun at average gaming conventions, such as Customizing your character. which for some of us takes a while, then inevitability death and having to play as Random Wastelanders (you do get a late upgrade to your persistant home to customise), or the lovely Asuka (which I won't spoil) or Himself as a big part of Forums, Second is what this game isn't this is not like fallout or boarderlands, where getting attach to your character or the story matters , I wouldn't call this methodical game of thinking and looting and carefully planning things out.its more of thinking on your toes, knowing to take a risk or not, to fevor pressing forward while being carefulThis game is a rogue Lite, as comparable to a FPS Splunky or Binding of issac , or tower of guns and ziggurat, but not quite, the standard gameplay loop, is heading into the dungeon like cooliers, watching out for the many things that hurt you, such as jumping on glass, Running into a brick, stepping in toxic puddles, watching out for gun traps,trying to sneak up or catch  the many other booz'ohs trying to gun or beat you down off guard, or let them battle each other, carrying what you absolutly need as your space of carrying items is quite limited, unless you find rad fanny packs, while you have a chance of finding Random flasks to give you perks for that coolier, its a big risk of what you get from making your shoot very high to half life-ing your health, finding the booze that ends the current run and carries your next run with special perks, but the top floor booze is  not always something great, and encourages you to go deeper to find better booze with better perks, as you get better loot , while balancing, eating, which slows you down, unless you take poop pills, while taking any kinda of medication doesn't let you take more than one for quite a while, Mean while you can't just keep popping pills and wait while it safe because the Fun police aka the S.O.B. sends a lone Purifier to each floor , heavly armed and equip to taking out everything in his path to get you, abit very very slowly, the closer he is, the the music changes to que you in how close and they always let you know when ""something is hunting you"", which sometimes makes you regret going through Locked doors with better loot and harder enemies as they always have dead ends, so there is the whole risk and reward as the goal is to get to the end floors, not to get the best loot, tho that does help getting to there. there is a way to pass items a very few amount of them to save for your next character or deposting TP (Money) in your home, to make your odds betterConclusionThere is so much other content that Honestly running my mouth would take so much longer, I urge you to try this game if your a fan of Rougelite FPS games, the mechanics that Mr. Podunkian has made, makes alot of sense and go around his game. there is alot of debate of what should be optional in terms of having to be rushed by the SOB Mechanic , but I think desipite the argument of Options vs gameplay philophy , he should stick with the later, as this isn't making money or opening to the game to public more, This is the game he made for himself for this niche, it might not be for everyone and thats okay, but to the niche group that likes this stuff, its a Blast.Stay thirsty Wasters"
76561198011515629,Not Recommended,327510,31840426,Posted: 19 May,all,Blackcompany,"Simply put, Wasted is a game that punishes you for playing it. A rogue like game where death means loss is already punishing enough.Except in this game.In this game, if you spend too long exploring a dungeon, you are then actively punished for doing so. Pursued by an enemy all but guaranteed to kill you, you are actively punished for trying to explore and scavenge. Its an unfun, damned if you do or if you dont situation that makes the game unenjoyable."
76561197961349661,Recommended,327510,32069306,Posted: 30 May,all,Kawaii Thomas,"It's not perfect but it's a pretty cute dungeon crawler.  I recommend checking out the mods in the game's data folder, because disabling the Purifier timer is pretty necessary for beginning players."
,Not Recommended,327510,23568810,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Kanata,"Played for quite a few hours, but the lack of content and no progression between characters killed my enthusiasm for this game.Pros:+ Interesting Setting: Some characters interesting, and everyone is an idiot.+ Drinking Booze: Sounds interesting as a method of getting buffs. (The booze is actually radioactive and mutates you).+ Voice Acting: It's alright when it's there, not all of it is good though.+ Gunplay is alright: Nothing really wrong with the gunplay besides the knockback that is.+ Different Clothes grant different stat buffs: You can easily change up your gameplay style on the fly simply but looting the enemies.Cons:- Lack of weapons: You'll be seeing the same weapons, alot.- Lack of special weapons: The only time you get special weapons is by killing a boss, or completing one of the rare quests. It's very rare to find upgrades to weapons so don't count on that either.- Lack of variety in rooms: Seriously there's only like 20 or so different room variations before you have seen them all, and they don't change regardless of which dungeon you're in, besides the color tone.- Small inventory limit: You can only hold 10 items, which includes ammo. So there's alot of inventory swapping. Yes you can get bumbags to increase your item carry limit but it doesn't help much it only increases the item count by 2 per bag. (The bag itself takes up 1 slot).- Knock-back on weapons: If you get caught by surprise, you'll be sent flying back. This can get really bad if the enemy has a shotgun, or a minigun which traps you in it's line of fire.- The random factor is bad: You can get a random buff for a dungeon run by drinking flasks of booze, though some can really kill your run if it's really bad. For example: If you are running a stealth based build, and drink some booze and all of a sudden I get - 4 to sneak. That pretty much kills that type of run, in general I got more negative effects than positive.- Ending Runs early is just annoying: You can end runs early by drinking special bottles of booze, which you can actually see what effect they give. Though ending a run early means you'll need to redo the entire dungeon just for one buff to your character. That's up to 12 floors you have to re-run if you drink a bottle, and this can take up to 30 minutes - 1 hour to redo. You can't skip floor either.- No progression between different characters: Did your character die? Well any buffs you got from drinking are gone, and you'll have to find all those bottles again if you want the same buffs. You also lose all the items you had on you, so if you had decent weapons and gear, all of that is gone as well.- S.O.B. Enforcer / Time Limit is Annoying: It's a roguelike, but I have to bum-rush my way through an entire floor if I don't want to deal with an annoying guy with sponge like health and a minigun that traps me in it's line of fire. Even if you kill him on a floor, another one will show up on the next floor after so there isn't much benefit in killing him besides providing rifle ammo. At least he isn't too hard to kill since the A.I. isn't bright and he only walks.- Bosses suck: They either change the gameplay up too much where stealth based characters iare rendered useless, or they do too much damage. Fighting a Tank after having only killed humans and basic robots for 12 floors is a big change in fighting style. While the Third Boss pretty much one shot me.- No purpose of the Daily Run: There's not much point in doing the daily runs as you can only transfer 1 item back to your current character. Unless you really like leader-boards.- Can't customize Characters: Yes you can customize your first character, but after that one dies, it's completely random on what you get. Plus there's no point in having unlock able hairstyles / faces if I can't actually create a character that uses it.- Tinker Stat is pointless: Tinker is used to disable traps, or I can just shoot the trap and / or avoid the trap altogether.Summary:5/10Lack of content, and alot of annoying gameplay choices does not make a good game.If you're looking for a good rogue-like game I recommend Rogue Legacy. I preferred that game much more than this one."
,Recommended,327510,30404494,Posted: 9 March,all,Tyler the Ultimate Badass,It's like Fallout and Borderlands made a lovechild with fetal alcohol syndrome.
,Recommended,327510,23562612,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Siegfried,"The game's a rogue like with fun gameplay and really cool references. Personally I really enjoy the S.O.B Purifier's presence in the game. I think it adds a very neat little timer on the early game, but he's really easy to deal with once you're a few hours into the game."
,Recommended,327510,24267812,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,xXx69Ward_Hoe69xXx,"This is a great game, but at the moment it has the same problem that Darkest Dungeon has. Too many people are complaining on fourms to try and get features of the game removed, so they can play ""walk the a park mode"". If you just learn the basic mechanics of the game, the S.O.B is not even that hard to deal with. But he adds tension to the game so that it does not become boring fast. While it is a good game, without him this game would get stale very quickly. The Developer is super cool and has answerd lots of questions and made many patches adding minor content/fixing bugs. Look up gameplay on Youtube to see if this game is for you, otherwise buy it."
,Recommended,327510,31010621,Posted: 7 April,all,Audish,"For a lot of people, exploring vaults in the recent Fallout games was the best part. They had interesting stories and secrets, as well as plenty of lockers and wastebins to rummage through. Well, some genius took that specific gameplay element and made an entire game out of it, looting and mutants and groin shots at all. Not only that, but they added some clever ideas and hilarious writing of their own to make something way more fun than just hunting for bobbleheads.So the bombs fell and the world looks like an English gravel quarry now, and the best and brightest that survived ended up being a bunch of booze-swilling idiots. That's literally all they do now, they go spelunking in the old vau-I mean, coolers in search of irradiated brews to get good and ♥♥♥♥ed up on. There are a bunch of factions duking it out over who gets to drink what, from the feisty Cervezmen to the hard♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S.O.B. soldiers. And you're no better than any of them, descending into the underhalls to gather janky guns, stretch pants, fanny packs, and all the swill you can swill.In gameplay terms, it's a first-person sci-fi dungeon crawler. Each cooler is a labyrinth of nearly a dozen randomly-generated floors to shuffle through, full of strange enemies and stranger loot. Most of your time will be spent scouring lockers and containers and fighting against your limited inventory space. The rest of that time goes to finding your way through the maze-like levels and killing any weirdos you meet. Managing your resources like different ammo types, healing items, and unlocking tools will be key to surviving the deep dives into each cooler.If this sounds like Fallout boiled down to just exploring vaults, you're right on the money. However, there are a few key features that add a level of urgency to your jaunts. For one, it's a one-way trip. You can't return to previous floors, and the only way out if you don't think you can go the distance is to find a bottle of radioactive booze and chug that ♥♥♥♥♥ 'till you black out. This returns you to your home base where you can stash gear, and depending on the booze you can get a permanent buff or debuff for future runs. You'll definitely need to consider this if enemies get too tough or you keep getting caught by the S.O.B., an absurdly deadly hunter that starts stalking you if you tarry too long on a level. Your time limit is pretty strict too, so you'll have to be quick about your looting.There's a wealth of junk to find in the halls of WASTED, and very little of it useless. There are weapons divided into melee, pistol, rifle, revolver, and other types, each with their own damage and armor penetration and other attributes which will be important when battling the varied raiders and mutants and robots in your way. You'll find head, chest, and leg armor that boosts your character stats, along with fanny packs and other terribly 80s storage solutions to expand your paltry inventory. Then there are food and medicines, throwable objects, crafting materials, and so on. With limited space you'll need to consider your options carefully, both in what you need to survive and what you should escape with to stash at home or sell in town. A handy mailbox system also helps you get useful junk out without having to bail or lug it around forever.I was enjoying the game just fine while looting and killing, but reaching town elevated it to a whole new level. The kooky 80s wasteland vibe comes alive in the characters, who have some of the funniest dialog I've ever seen in a game. They're brash, they're rude, they're foul, and they're absolutely endearing about it. There's a Richard Nixon knockoff, a terrifying weeaboo, a valley girl shopkeep, and a mail clerk that's all too happy to philosophise on fart metaphors. Even the incidental characters have laugh-out-loud moments, and the item names and descriptions fit right in with the insane atmosphere of the retro apocalypse.With plenty to see, plenty to loot, and plenty to kill, WASTED is extremely gratifying to progress through and build a deadly wasteland adventurer with. And then they'll eat a spectacular crit or a devious trap, and they'll be gone forever. Poof, all your buffs and weapons and gear, gone. That's because WASTED is actually a roguelike, and a pretty wicked one at that. This isn't necessarily a bad thing, but you need to be prepared to lose hours of loot and character building at the drop of an ugly hat. Thankfully it's designed pretty intelligently for this, with scads of loot to replace lost goods, the home base and mailbox systems for saving stuff, and shortcuts you can pay for in town to get back up to speed. It means you need to be careful and you need to pay attention, and you always need to prepare for the absolute worst.I had kind of an odd experience with WASTED, because I beat the first cooler on my first try. I don't think that's supposed to happen, you're probably supposed to ♥♥♥♥ up a few times, then learn to booze out for buffs as you assemble a solid set of gear, then get to the bottom a few hours in. It gave me a skewed view of the game that made dying halfway through the second cooler sting a lot more than perhaps it should have. But I put in the time to work out the cadence of the game, and now I can do quick runs in cooler 1 to gear up a fresh waster for cooler 2, and attempt it as many times as I want. It's still hard as hell, and I die a lot, and sometimes it feels like forgetting to save in Fallout and having to re-do 30 minutes of exploring, but once you warm up to the random levels and crazy combat it provides hours of entertainment. Coupled with the excellent aesthetics and hilarious writing and characters, I would encourage anyone to give this wild adventure a serious try.Did you enjoy this review? I certainly hope so, and I certainly hope you'll check out more of them athttps://goldplatedgames.com/or on mycuration page!"
,Recommended,327510,32822834,Posted: 26 June,all,奴隷,"TL;DR If you like roguelikes, gungeon, isaac, dead cells, you might like this as well.This game is basically a cross between fallout and borderlands created by Adult Swim games. There is a sneak mechanic, but honestly my playstyle makes zero use of it. You basically delve into the coolers (Vaults) and scavenge/murder your way to a sip of booze which will give your character buffs/debuffs to stack up before you reach the end of the cooler, (or you can skip the drink if it has a debuff, but you'll be risking your items!) which if you take will make you pass out and return home allowing you to stash items you otherwise would lose if you die. There are neat mechanics like post boxes to put your stuff in and retrieve mid-delve, as well as a hub to buy/sell. I actually legitimately love this game. I'm not sure why I don't see more people playing this game, it has speedrun potential, dailies, and incentive to replay it over many times. There's just something about it that makes me wanna go back into the cooler and beat down wastrels with my crowbar until I find a nice, cold, stiff, radiated drink. Just leave the unmarked flasks alone, seriously."
76561197988103875,Recommended,327510,28130346,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Anonymiss,"Fallout meets Borderlands with Diablo 2 Hardcore character mode sprinkled on top.  It's frustrating if you're going to try to make it using only one character.  Run and gun with minimal time for exploration before some knockoff Brotherhood of Steel guy with a minigun shoots the crap out of you harder than ED-209 from Robocop.  You will get frustrated but that doesn't mean you'll stop playing.If Borderlands The Pre-Sequel left a bad taste in your mouth, give this a try.  It's certainly a better alternative."
,Recommended,327510,28530792,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Melanc,"I spent 60 hours happily playing the first ""dungeon"" of 6 dungeons again and again, and I'm still not sick of it. It's standard rogue-like-like FPS with targetable body parts, well-paced gameplay, large variety of weapons and armour and nice persistent elements (house, inventory, power-ups). It's easy to get into the flow but never boring because of the fragility of your character, the flickering lights and the tough areas behind locked doors."
,Recommended,327510,23459183,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,MaxxtoN,"After a few runs and multiple deaths I've decided to write a short review about WASTED.As you may have read by now, WASTED is the final product of a drunk one-night stand that Fallout and Borderlands had at some point. This child was seemingly not very appreciated by it's parents and got dumped into a dumpster where a huge family of roguelites found it kicking and screaming, after which they decided to adopt it.  All of these events shaped WASTED's childhood and now it's all grown up, pee-drunk and with a wide range of crude jokes and pop culture references.The rough childhood, however, turned WASTED into a bit of a sadist and it absolutely loves to punish people who decide to befriend it. At this point I've managed to get three wasters wasted in the depths of the cooler, one due to a trap and two fell victim to the raider ♥♥♥♥♥♥s somewhere at level 5. I would say that their memory will not be forgotten but everyone who are in WASTED's company are falling down drunk, so they've probably already forgotten about them. Wasters are a disposable resource afterall.So much for a serious review, huh? Oh well, let's wrap it up with some pros and cons!PROS:- Groovy 80's vibe.- Gameplay resembling Fallout/Borderlands with a dash of any roguelite you've ever played.- Crude humour.- Booze.- More booze.- A talking dog.- RNG, lots of it.CONS:- Level design gets repetitive as hell after you've ran through the levels a few times.- The knockback mechanic in it's current shape is a bit unfair and will screw you over.- The S.O.B purifier is an effin' fun ruiner.- RNG, lots of it.All in all, WASTED is a great game for fans of the roguelite and FPS genres! Be prepared to get a tad frustrated over the knockback mechanic and an alarming lack of Medstims when you need them the most though."
,Recommended,327510,23562823,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Kay K Kay,my only issue is that the rooms all look alike. There is always the same layout. You guys should work on making the room generation more varied. Other than that the game is solid.
,Recommended,327510,29591964,Posted: 30 January,all,Bassem,"Roguelite bunker delver with a cartoony post-apocalyptic twist.Fallout + Borderlands + roguelite FPSWASTED puts you in the shoes of a string of disposable characters that share a permanent loot stash. Try your best run and make sure to leave good stuff for the next character to use, because you'll be dying a lot.At first sight it may remind you of Borderlands, but the similarity is visual only. WASTED is a roguelite, though it does not have the wealth of loot and items that Borderlands or roguelikes usually do. Instead, you will be encountering the same pool of weapons and armour and consumables on every run. This is a game where you won't spend any longer than 2 seconds comparing similar items to choose which to keep.This is a conscious choice because for better or worse, WASTED is meant to be a lot more fast paced that your average dungeon crawler (or is it?). On every level of the bunker, if you stay for too long, an overpowered NPC starts hunting you, spurring you to rush the rest of the floor and find the way down or out. It's not too unforgiving - as long as you keep moving at a steady pace, this ""purifier"" won't catch up to you. Unless the level's random layout throws a couple dead ends and you need to backtrack. Personally I can't stand this forced time limit. Especially since the game keeps encouraging you to deploy traps and use stealth, both of which require time to do right. It's like it can't decide if it wants to be fast paced or not. If we were able to hide from him or trap him, it would make sense - but the purifier just moves inexorably towards you.Aside from the dungeon-bunker itself and your ramshackle house where your stash is, there is an outpost where you can pick up a few quests. This aspect of the game surprised me. There are several quest givers with fully voiced conversations.WASTED doesn't take itself too seriously. It's got a fun, violent, foul-mouthed edge to it.What I enjoyedEnemy infighting, pioneered by Doom. Any group of enemies will start eliminating each other if they shoot each other by mistake.Localised damage on enemies with different effects (arms, head, groin…)The world building, conversations, and enemy barks are all fun to listen to.Buffs, debuffs, and gear-based stat increases make for a light RPG feelWhat I didn't likeThat ♥♥♥♥ing Purifier that forces you to rush all the time. Completely goes against the idea of sneaking and laying traps that the game encourages you to do, as well as constantly looting.Poor gunplay and melee. This is an FPS after all, so it's an important part of it, but it feels lackluster.Way too much knockback when you get shot. And if you're up against an automatic weapon, you'll pretty much get stunlocked. There are items to mitigate this, but the default is *too damn high*.Some UI annoyances that get in the way of the fast pace.I'm not very much into roguelikes so I didn't get very far into the game. Everything escalates in the lower floors. Way better weapons, way stronger enemies.Thumbs up, and ♥♥♥♥ that Purifier, dumbest idea in the game. Buy on discount."
,Recommended,327510,23564228,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,zooboo,"WASTEDis self-described as a post-apocalyptic pub crawler.It is developed by Arthur Lee, who is well known in the indie game community for games likeMerry Gear Solid 2,Escape From Puppy Death Factory, andThe Underside. These games each feature some form of spoofing and homage of other popular games, andWASTEDis no exception. The best way to describe it is a mix ofFallout: New VegasandBorderlandswith a first-person roguelike flavor in the vein ofHeavy BulletsorTower of Guns. Fortunately, the formula mixes up familiar mechanics in a way that creates a game that can stand on its own amongst its inspirations.FeaturesGameplay-wise, it doesn't stray too far away from other first-person-shooters. There's not a lot to say about innovative combat other than some of the RPG-elements involved, such as crippling limbs and a certain weapon granting a huge damage bonus for shooting groins. There are even stealth elements involved. Levels are procedurally generated, with room layouts that become quickly memorized after a couple of runs. There's a good variety of items to loot and weapons to use, but you're limited by small carrying capacities to stress optimization of your loadout. Completing all 10 floors of a dungeon will unlock a new one (with 5 in total), each with its own unique classes of enemies and items.Fans of roguelikes will be familiar with the permadeath mechanic. Upon death, you lose all of your items, money, and stats. However, this doesn't necessarily mean you have to start from scratch: you can send items back to your base during your run, and you can keep and store all of your loot after successfully leaving a dungeon. This helps the game appeal to novice and hardcore players alike by providing a sense of progression with each playthrough like inRogue Legacy. Plus, you can pick up positive or negative perks that permanently persist between runs on your current character, adding more variation to your playstyle, similar toThe Binding of Isaac. To keep things interesting and to prevent players from straying too long, a powerful enemy, the Purifier spawns at the entrance of every level if you don't find the exit in time, like the ghost inSpelunky. As a result, the game remains fast-paced with a sense of urgency even in a genre that's known for taking time exploring every nook and cranny possible.Unlike other roguelikes, however, there is an overarching storyline that progresses as you beat each dungeon. New mechanics also get unlocked as you beat levels. There are multiple endings and paths that can be achieved through its questlines, which warrant multiple playthroughs, adding to its replayability factor. There's even a daily challenge involved through Courier Runs, allowing you to compete online for the best score, and furthers your progression even more by giving you the opportunity to stash an item from your run if you play well enough.Aesthetically, the game is most similar toBorderlandsin its artistic renderings. The cartoony graphics may put off some people, but I personally find them charming. Its lo-fi sensibilities also let me run the game smoothly from a laptop without the need for an optimal gaming computer. Plus, it also has a cute and catchy soundtrack.Hotline Miamicaptured the dark synths of the 80's, whileWASTEDembraces its pop and rock flavors. It honestly makes me question which game honored its nostalgia better! The voice-acting is also akin to bothFalloutandBorderlands, with humorous dialogue from competent voice actors.Potential ProblemsOf course, the game isn't perfect. The difficulty may surprise some players for its surface-level cuteness. Permadeath already turns most people off, and some players feel like the Purifier can make the game too hard and doesn't let you take your time. Furthermore, the level design isn't particularly awe-inspiring either. A couple of runs in a dungeon will show you pretty much all of the room variations it has to offer, and the art assets will also become very commonplace as well. Players of other first-person roguelikes may also not see anything too unique that it has to offer from its gameplay, as others likeTower of Gunsinclude arguably better mechanics.There are also other small game design problems. For instance, you can't unload ammo from guns. According to the developer, this was done in order to balance the game properly as ammo would be too common, especially with most enemies carrying guns in later levels. Furthermore, regular players of FPS games may not like that there is no automatic reloading for guns. Also, players have had frustration dealing with knockback and hitstun, especially with the Purifier mechanic. For a good minority of players, it was an actual dealbreaker that ruined the game for them. Players who like RPGs for finding amazing loot may also be disappointed for a lack of wide variety in gear. Rather than focusing on obtaining powerful and unique items, the game is built more for using your skills as a player to make it through. There are a few bugs here and there as well, but I personally haven't experienced any gamebreakers or crashes.ConclusionAll in all,WASTEDis a wonderful labor of love. There's lots of humor and meta-commentary, typical of any game published from Adult Swim. Arthur Lee has done a great job of expanding his portfolio as a flexible game designer and has definitely created a game that can appeal to a wide audience. He's also very active on the Steam forums and is willing to listen to user feedback. It's a great achievement for a game made by just one person. For $12.99, you're getting a lot of value for your money, so I hope you'll give it a chance.TL; DR:get good or get WASTED"
,Recommended,327510,31028175,Posted: 8 April,all,TEJOTA,"As an RPG game, it's not so great, and only stands as a simplistic Fallout parody.As a FPS rogue-like, combat-focused, score-oriented game, it's among the best I've played.It seems that most people come looking for the former, and get frustrated that every level has what amounts to a time limit - a machine-gun wielding Brotherhood of Steel wannabe dude, slowly walking from the beginning of the level towards the player. But it's a time limit that can easily be dealt with: you can kill him (albeit hard), hide or run.People also get frustrated about the limited inventory, it's not your endless fallout backpack that you throw everything in and hoard stuff until you sell them to a vendor.I think these limits make you think strategically and focus more on survival and combat, which I found very fun.On the other hand, comparing it to other games of the genre, like Ziggurat, it's actually very forgiving. There is ""perma-death"" of your character - when you die you lose everything on your backpack, you get to play with a different character, and inherit every item left in your house. You get many opportunities to send items/money home from the ""dungeon"", and you get to buy back important items you lose after death, so there's always a sense of progress and you rarely feel like ""wasting time"".The game has some great and original mechanisms of randomization, it keeps the game fresh and exciting.Also, the music is amazing if you're into 80's music. The writing is very funny with the witty NPC dialogues and a lot of 80's references.Overall I think it's a great pick if you are into the genre."
76561198054576246,Recommended,327510,31144351,Posted: 14 April,all,Prithee,"Okay, quick review:  this game is unlike fallout and borderlands.  Completely different concepts, though I can see the graphical similarities to borderlands.ANyways, this is a much better game.  After playing it a bit I worried it might become redundant, but on the contrary, it gets to be more fun as you improve clearing levels and get better gear.  You are able to collect lots of weapons and armor, and even craft them, but this is a rogue-like so don't expect to save anything.The combat physics are soooo buttery.  Very pleasing to shoot, sneak, punch, slice.  The character stats in the game are also very nice and creamy: armor, accuracy, tinkering, and many more.  Great game, idk why some say otherwise."
,Recommended,327510,23575528,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Corndog Titty,"avoided death by jumping over a beartrap, landed in glass and died anyway10/10"
,Recommended,327510,26886589,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MysteriousQ,"I have died a million times. I will die a million times more. So I can be the [INSERT GENDER HERE] wastelander that died two million times so that I can leave a bloody splatter on your door. La-da-da-dah~Fun visuals and style, aggressive gameplay without being infuriating or entirely unfair... The kind of game where I'd probably do better if I was looking up a wiki or some other information dump but it's just as much fun to slog through. ' <'"
76561198038753959,Recommended,327510,31449934,Posted: 29 April,all,BiO TurOk,There were so many things done correctly with this game.I hope to god they make more content or another game.It was on sale for $2.50 and I got so much out of it.
,Recommended,327510,29325679,Posted: 17 January,all,Weclock,"Wasted is a game that builds upon the shoulder's of giants, and out performs and outclasses them, while nodding to them either subtly or overtly.It has loads of humor, it oozes everywhere like pus from a ghoul's face.It plays a lot like Fallout 3 and 4, but it brings back the difficulty from Fallout 1 and 2 - as well as the humor.Yes, there is a timelimit to each level, and that lends itself to the rogue-like function of the game. I've had more fun playing this than I did playing Fallout 4 (a triple A game requiring an $80+ investment).If you remember games that are Nintendo hard and love games that are funny - buy this game. You'll love it."
,Recommended,327510,23661791,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Ilfi,"WASTED is one of the most surprisingly addictive FPS rogue-lites I've played, full stop. Combining elements of Borderlands, Fallout and (IMO) TimeSplitters / Goldeneye, WASTED throws you into the merciless corridors of the Coolers, failed bomb shelters riddled with radioactive booze and the various factions competing for it.The story and aesthetic are immediately charming, and the difficulty offers a suitable challenge for players skilled at balancing speed and caution along with health and inventory management. While beginners may find themselves desperate to drink every last bottle to stack multiple buff-inducing Hangovers, a skilled gunner can deftly clear the game sober-- in alignment with S.O.B. beliefs.WASTED's most pressing challenge is becoming familiar with the threats that can instantly end your run if left unchecked. Purifiers, Spewmen, or a surprise Sod Off / Ratatat Trap upon opening a door is all it takes to drain your Waster's precious 100 HP with frightening speed. That said, these challenges are not at all difficult to play around so long as you know the solutions that counter them, which makes learning those methods to conquer these newbie-killers all the more enjoyable.Before the Giant Bomb quick-look of WASTED, this game was not anywhere on my radar-- and yet, I've since cleared the game three times and still find myself coming back for more. WASTED is without a doubt my gaming highlight of Summer 2016, and I hope that this indie gem can be yours too."
76561198078185709,Recommended,327510,31108351,Posted: 12 April,all,Doing_Taxes,"Got a bandana that gave me an extra damage boost while croutching, and roleplayed for an hour like i was Rambo."
76561198284268956,Recommended,327510,24666568,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,totesanalt,"I thought long and hard as to whether I'd recommend this, and ultimately I think I still do. Albeit with a gigantic asterisk.See, this game is fun. Really fun. You've got to go down what amounts to fallout vaults, you get to read interesting snippets of the old world (as seen by rich people), you're constantly on the edge of your seat wondering if the next door will kill you - or more to the point, planning your escape. It's a game that punishes stupidity and meandering while rewarding skilled shooting, fast reaction times, fast planning, and speedy exploration.Of course, there's my first complaint: speedy exploration. SPEEDY. Because the SOB is a Son of a B. I got used to him - or more to the point, I got used to going through each level fast enough that I could escape him before he arrived - but on my first few runs he mowed me down, or I died panicking running away from him. If you don't hurry it up and just skip exploring, it's almost a game over. Sure, you can kill him if you know how, but in the beginning, when you're getting the hang of things, you won't know how. This game rushes you.That said, I dig it, and when I got used to it I had a blast. Then came the second cooler, and it was amazing! Even more frustrating than the last, mind, but that's the point - it introduced new mechanics, new things to keep track of! Enemies on the ceilings and flying machines! I had to become even more situationally aware than I'd already been in the first cooler! So by the time I got to the next cooler, I was really roused up! What, I wondered, would I have to learn to deal with next?And here's why I almost couldn't recommend this game: every single cooler after the second one is basically the first cooler. Again and again. Sure, there are slightly different enemies, some new environmental hazards (ice-barrels instead of fire barrels), even some new weapons (flamethrowers anyone?), but there's nothing new to learn. The learning curve had petered way out, and the game becomes routine waaay too quickly.What I love about playing games like Spelunky (not on my steam library, but I do have it) is that each new area has entirely new themes and hazards in them. I have to worry about completely different things for every new level. Each new area is actually new and fresh! Sadly, this game was clearly rushed, and the developer could only add more varied content to one level, which isn't even the climax!I had over 14 hours on record before I beat the second area, though. And even if I cannot recommend anything afterwards (it's still fun, just really repetitive), the first two coolers are already basically worth the price. This has my approval, albeit only barely. Definitely has my interest and keeps me addicted, if nothing else."
,Recommended,327510,28619928,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,HyperAije,"If the idea of a Fallout rouge-like with the humor and art style of borderlands sounds good, then chances are you'll like this game.  I usually don't like rouge-likes but there's something about this one that makes it work.  The gameplay is really fun once you get into it (especially the courier's runs).The gunplay is where this game really shines.  There's a good variety of guns and most are fun to use.  The melee is also pretty decent, though from what I can tell it's a bit limited after the beginning.  There's really only one thing I, and a lot of other people, don't like.  The S.O.B. Purifier.  This is a rather tough enemy that will spawn at the beginning of a floor when you've taken too long on a floor.  This is a terrible system for a rouge-like, especially one with a sneaking and trapping system in place.  It makes it so that sneaking and traps aren't really viable choices.  It also discourages you from exploring a floor too much, as if you stray off the main path too much you might be screwed.  This is the type of game I want to take my time with but the game discourages that approach.  The dev seems to love this system though, so I don't think it will be going anywhere.The only other thing I don't like was how it lets you customize your own character, but 99 times out of 100 your first character will die and be replaced with a random character you have no way to customize.  I get this is just how rouge-like games are, but it just seems a bit strange.Other than what I mentioned, the game's great.  I recommend picking it up and doing the daily courier runs, as it lets you play around with late game things early on as a separate character, though you can only keep 1 item for your main character."
76561197962973671,Recommended,327510,27620129,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Past0ri,"Its a fun-tastic Boom-sploding combination of fallout, mad max and borderlands in a cartoony way. Me likey!"
,Not Recommended,327510,29334708,Posted: 18 January,all,IAMCRAIG,"The short: It's fun to pick up and play for an hour or two, then put it down again, though it lacks any kind of depth at all. It parodies many elements from the Fallout series and has great dumb humour. Play it like you were going to play an arcade FPS like Doom and not expecting it to be much like a roguelike at all beyond perma-death, procedurally generated levels and permanent bonuses/maluses. The weapon selection and equipment in general is kind of lackluster, with a handful actually looking like the developer really tried to make them function differently from the others in interesting ways. Buy this on sale if you're tight on cash. If you have the disposable income though, feel free to give it a shot, it's a decent time waster but nothing spectacular.The long: The game is fun in general, but the developer did not do nearly enough with it and at times feels outright lazy. You will see the majority of types of rooms that can potentially show up in your game within the first half hour or so of play, the other dungeons of the game having one or two unique rooms (as far as I can tell). If I had to estimate, I'd say there are roughly 30-40 rooms altogether in this game (this includes connecting hallways, but not boss floors or administrator rooms, which are large, single room floors). After the first couple of floors in the second dungeon of the game, I started to become incredibly disappointed that yes, all of them were going to have the same type of rooms generate in them, with one or two types of rooms unique to each dungeon.The weapons are pretty lazily done as well, with there being very little difference beyond a few numbers differences. There's usually one in each category of gun weapon that is automatic and then one or two odd ducks that are pretty fun to use, but at the same time are too few. Like the majority of pistols do the same thing except better/worse, with one that fires in a 3 round burst and two fully automatic ones. The melee weapons are worse, since they all attack roughly the same way, just with different swing speeds, though with how knockback works in this game, melee is more of a last resort than an actual choice of weapon (knockback prevents you from taking any action except going into the menu to use an item).The inventory system in this is absolutely horrendous, you can hold very little to begin with and your equipped armour + weapons take up slots as well. With this, you're pretty much restricted to carrying two weapons of different types + their respective ammunition and one or two slots for healing items. There are multiple items that give short term buffs that you can carry, but at the same time their duration lasts for a very short time and their uses are situational at best, so there usually is no point in saving a slot for them and saving them instead for the assorted gear you'll find and want to stockpile. Oh, also you can only hold 5 of each healing item/short term buff item, so if there was room for them and they weren't such mild effects (barring two) you would still be very limited in how often you could use them. The other problem with the inventory system is the fact you can only carry 100 of each ammo type (which also takes up a slot of your inventory), which forces you to scavenge and use weapons off of enemies, dumping them as they run out. Why not unload them for their ammo? You can't! The developer actually gave a decent reason for this, it being that it'd allow you to get around the ammo limit with high capacity weapons, but at the same time it's such a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥system to manually switch between these weapons (since there's not point in hotkeying them if you're going to drop them 10 or so shots later) that I'm surprised the developer didn't add in unloading weapons anyways or some alternative.Oh, also the only way to increase the amount of items you can carry (until mid-late game when it's practically won) are with 3 differently named fanny packs which effectively increase it by 2 each (it's 3 each, but since they take up a slot each..). Without them, you're even more restricted in what you can carry with you into dungeons, which can make things very frustrating when rolling a new character after dying.Finally, what really disappointed me the most was that the hub town and first dungeon were actually really good introductions to what the game had to offer. It made me think that things would continue being this rad throughout it, with its silly toilet/stupid humour, with quests here and there to pick up that poked fun at assorted aspects of Fallout and the community and a fun boss battle at the end of the first dungeon, which paid tribute to another great game series.After that though, the game goes downhill something fierce, or not so much downhill, but rather goes nowhere. It's like the developer ran out of money and pretty much had to can a ♥♥♥♥♥on of planned assets and quests that would have fleshed the game out more and made it more interesting. After what was a decent amount of humorous voice work and quests, there's very little of either. What was a good boss fight that got the game going on a good note is soured by the second one just circle strafing to win and two others that simply don't happen if you pick the right convo choices (always the ones that rely on your stats) that give you uninteresting rewards for doing so (which affect the town hub in a boring way). Oh, also there's no final boss battle. It looks like it was building up to one, but nope. Whether this was intended to be a jab at Fallout 3's terrible, anti-climatic ending or not doesn't matter, since it still hurts the game and again, feels like the developer was too lazy to design one, or ran out of money for the project and just wanted to shove it out the door.The game has its good points, but overall it will disappoint you if you expect it to keep up the pace past the first dungeon of the game. There's so much more I could rant about what's wrong with this game and how I can see bits and pieces of an awesome game that it wanted to be, but I've already put in over an hour writing this for people that likely will only read the first paragraph or two then skim through the rest of it. (not that I could blame them)Actually, one last point based around laziness: The music. Seriously, you could make a new song for the first 3 floors of each dungeon, but reused the same ones for the remaining 6 in each one? Like come on man, really? I know it isn't exactly easy making music, but at the same time it's just making people see more and more how lazily some parts of this game were made."
76561198037723216,Recommended,327510,29048247,Posted: 5 January,all,jbwjr,"SWEET MOUNTAIN WISKEY THIS GAME IS AWSOME! Ok you can get screwed over but thats probably mostly you screwing up then the game, must admit iv not even gotten though the first dungeon ""almost did then got shotguned from behind"" but im really enjoying this game and encurage you to try it as well, its 13 bucks what fallout-ish game is! Music is pretty sweet once you get used it too.free tip for game start, GET THE DUZI and CHICK CHICK you wont regret it, if you find a Emma Grand DONT LOSS IT ITS AWSOME! Also grab a drink from the gin and goat before you hit the coolor, it helps."
,Recommended,327510,31706150,Posted: 12 May,all,Captain Clitorus,"Very enjoyable for now, can get old a little fast. Glad a new game + has been added. Removing the SOB changes things up with mods but I still keep him around depending on how I want to play. There are some huge glitches that need fixing.For example falling through holes in the floor and respawning somewhere random on the floor and asuka and her bikini armor are a big red exclamation mark error.In conclusion I wish the creator of the game was a bit more invested and would fix the bugs and bring the ""near future content update"" he said he might possibly bring."
,Recommended,327510,23477439,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,AlliterationAdam,Wasted......A game that I've owned for 3 daysI already have 16 hours as of this review and I can't get enough of it.This game is like if Borderlands and Fallout had a lovechild. Then that lovechild grew up and got together with Nuclear Throne. They then had a child and left Mr. Podunkian to raise it.I look forward to finishing it!
,Recommended,327510,23617172,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Gizmo the Mogwai,"At first, I was really struggling to get any kind of foothold in the game, and kept restarting because I didn't want that random character AND to not have any starting loot built up. After a while of this, I wasn't having a terrible amount of fun, and I was kind of angry at how punishing it was. After that, though, I had one run where, even though my first character only held onto a measly amount of loot before he quickly passed, that small amount of loot inspired me to keep my character, ""David Trevette"" and dredge onward!My. God. It was and still is the best run I have had so far. I've done more quests than I have achieved before, and I've ammassed a great collection of stuff that makes me VERY happy that I stayed with this character.My best piece of advice. Keep at it, the game is punishing but OH SO rewarding when you achieve greatness.Also, don't be afraid to take a bad hangover just to deposit some junk at home (especially weakness whiskey, since -1 hp out of 100 isn't that big a deal). Remember, with permadeath and all, your characters are more vulnerable and replaceable than any loot you have on you at the time. It sucks to die in any cooler run, but it sucks a LOT when you had a full inventory of goodies and passed up chances to get WASTED!Keep cool, Wasters. And get WASTED, or GET WASTED TRYING!"
,Recommended,327510,28472246,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,gary,"Absolutely amazing game!The combat feels most satisfying and makes slaughtering your way through floor after floor really enjoyable.The variety in weapons, gear and hangovers allow for experimentation with different builds and play styles and the procedural generated floors keep the experience fresh.The game world is charming and is filled with humour and funny characters.The only cons I have are:-u will experience some frustrating Death- (slight spoiler)the lack of a final boss fight"
,Recommended,327510,31019467,Posted: 8 April,all,Roadman Shaq,"This game is Pretty fun I would say. you can Crafts, complete Quests n other more things you could do in this game. I just purchased this game not long Ago and Already took a liking to it. Been collecting Items from other Wasters, and still not get Bored. Those haven't buy this Game, Watch Gameplays in YouTube, and make your decision, Buy it and Have Fun :)"
,Recommended,327510,31056783,Posted: 10 April,all,Loli Lu Le Lo,"Is it me or does this remind anyone of ""LISA: The Painful"" X ""Borderlands""? But it's made by [Adult Swim] so you know it's good."
,Recommended,327510,29558370,Posted: 28 January,all,faggor king of gaystonia,fallout 4 looks good this year
,Recommended,327510,29707440,Posted: 4 February,all,[PhFG] Darth-Taco,"While I know this game flies under the flag of Adult Swim Games, its nothing like you would expect. A wonderful piece of first person ""roguelite"", WASTED is if Fallout didn't have any ""reliable"" people survive nuclear fallout, and now everyone is just dumb bar crawlers who are trying to get as drunk as possible. Each cooler is a maze-like murder fest of raiders, mutated animals and creatures, robots, and the ever popular Syndicate of Buzzkills, or the SOB. Take too long on a floor murdering your way through and stealing fanny packs, ammo, junkfood, and whatever fits in your tiny pockets and youll get a nasty minigun toting SOB Badass to murder you in a few seconds flat. However, find your way through enough floors and you will find one of the fantastic boozes, radiated and ready to give you a mutation hangover. Maybe it'll be good, like health back when you kill people, maybe it'll be bad and you'll take more knockback from attacks but move way faster. Which will you chug? Will you get wasted? Or get wasted trying?"
76561197990505519,Recommended,327510,24305522,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,AidsBolaPoxFlu,Good Rogue-lite game in a Fallout parody setting. The only issue I have with the SOB Purifier is that I get lost trying to find the exit and run into a dead end unintentionally. The map system is also a bit confusing for me since I don't see anyway to view it full screen to better guess where the exit to the next floor might be.
,Recommended,327510,24724031,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,DudeKLmao,"I don't think I've liked a game in it's first two hours as much as I've enjoyed WASTED. Somehow, it manages to do everything Fallout 4 failed to do, despite being a glorified pub crawler filled with memes and permadeath. I gotta rate this game 7 chicken mcnuggets out of 8, definitely a hidden gem in the shlock fest that is Steam indie games."
76561198063467587,Recommended,327510,24614573,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,DragonDutz,Unexpectedly smooth gameplay and shooting action.
76561198073153063,Recommended,327510,34215160,Posted: 13 August,all,Don Edgy,"First and foremost this game is BRUTALLY DIFFICULT. But if you're fine with that, then you may get some satisfaction with this game; otherwise don't bother, stick to Fallout and the likes. Now I spent 9 hours just to finish ONE cooler(which is like a vault in fallout) and felt greeeeeeeeeeeaaaaat satisfaction upon doing it. These are the basic mechanics of the game:- This is a rogue-lite so there's a permanent upgrade but you can only get the upgrade once you've completed a cooler- This is a permadeath but another character replaces the dead one(like in Rogue Legacy) but without any items- All items that were on the dead characters stay lost unless stored in a shared stash(like the Courier Mailbox or your Home)- You raid coolers which have multiple floors- All floors are randomly generated- A very high level enemy appears on every floor after a set amount of time if you quickly don't proceed to the next floorNow I find this game fun because there's always a sense of thrill whenever you raid coolers because there's always danger. There are also rewards that the player can benefit. But the main selling point for me was that this game makes you think, and it makes you think hard and fast."
,Recommended,327510,24309398,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Booral King,game is perfectupdate is perfecttoilet paper is perfectChick-Chick pump motion is perfectHangover is perfect알코올 중돜 is perfect10/10
,Recommended,327510,23668814,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,aph1 ✪,"GOTY 2016a roguelike version of borderlands + fallout,challenging gameplay in the beginning until you level up (with booz) and get stronger (or weaker, depending on your booz and decisions),with the ability to build up a home where you can stash weapons and items for future runs,and with a permadeath system where you lose all loot and upgrades, and have to start over again but you can use your weapons and items that you stashed in your home.very fun and addictive gameplay!Oh and don't read the S.O.B. cries, he is not a problem at all and i can't imagine the game without him. it's an extra challenge but also extra fun, because you know he is coming. I finished the game 2 times when writing this review and i fought him only 3 times in all those runs. You won't even see him most of the time, unless you run back to the start of the level for some reason after having cleared that floor.Well done Arthur! Thnx for the amazing game!"
76561198024338968,Recommended,327510,33209369,Posted: 3 July,all,//Guerilla,"A nearly flawless homage to the Fallout series, WASTED does everything the other games of it's kind doesn't do.A difficult game at times. You WILL die. You WILL get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at that stupid barrel bouncing off the wall backwards towards you and exploding in your face. You WILL get frustrated with the sometimes glitchy nature of the enemy AI and the physics engine. But you WILL keep playing because it's so much better than it's worse.I finished the main campaign around 25 hours. That is no means of measure for a game like this because I chose to take my time and farm and hoard and hone my craft.You learn one subtlty here and there each time that makes you just a bit more prepared the next time around until you master the systems.As far as the spirit of the game, Fallout is most definitely the inspiration in every way. The tongue in cheek nature of the game and its crazyness might also remind you of Borderlands. That or the Fresnel (black edge) shading.It's funny.  It's fun. It's replayable. It's hard at times.Right now it's worth every penny and then some. Next week, at full price? Still worth every penny.Steam Summer Sale 2017 - £1.99."
,Recommended,327510,23974404,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,traynug,"tight game, writing this review because dev has asked all too. I like the not quite permadeath system but I find myself hoarding more than playing. Because of wasters with Duzi's I've had a hard time working through the first dungeon, I've only got to the 3rd level before dying. Afraid to use the special items I've collected due to the fee to get them back. totally reccomend to anyone, fun with a suprisingly nice touch of story and quests. but goddamn that duzi, I wish you could at least get a shot of while being shot, but it seems when you're being shot all movement is canceled, goddamn."
,Recommended,327510,24220693,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Floodkiller,"A Daggerfall-ish roguelike with a Fallout/Borderlands skin to it.  It can get repetitive after a bit, but gave plenty of entertainment for the price."
76561198011098696,Recommended,327510,31071203,Posted: 10 April,all,intox. Echo,This game is like if Fallout and Borderlands had a retard incest baby and I love it so much.
76561198076965322,Recommended,327510,31101822,Posted: 12 April,all,Grunting For Effect,"To be honest this is the closest my nerdy♥♥♥♥♥is getting to drugs, you ride a gaining wave of euphoria as your waster gains in power in the form of hangover effects and then it all crashes, like flying a b52 bomber filled with time bombs, this game will make your life happy as can be and then f*cking burn it all as it hits the ground.If you can beat the incredibly difficult (for the ammount of time you play the game, had 6-7 deaths before i acctually finished it) first level, this game will open your eyes to intense rage and a hell of allot of fun.If you can handle losing it all and i mean ALL, when your waster with 6-7 great hangovers gets permastunned by some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t or oneshot by an unlucky placement of a tripmine and an explosive barrel, this game will ruin your life as you spend every waking moment on it.Cannot recomend it enough, go buy this game, its more than worth the price.BE AWARE, BEFORE YOU FINISH THE FIRST DUNGEON THIS GAME IS GARBIGE, YOU WILL HATE IT BECAUSE IT GIVES YOU NOTHING, FINISH THE FIRST COOLER AND THE GAME REALLY COMES INTO ITS OWN"
76561198120824887,Recommended,327510,32888096,Posted: 27 June,all,minehotping,the most underrated game I ever loved
76561198034112506,Recommended,327510,26425565,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,DOZAH,"An overlooked and clever game who's elegance belies it's simplicity.  It's Diablo, made to play like Fallout 3 with perma-death, and has Diablo chasing you down rather than waiting for you at the bottom.  You, the player, are tasked with racing as deep into the dungeon as you can to drink as much radiation-infused booze as possible before dying.The graphics and effects are all great and run smoothly on my pc.  The voice acting, characters, sound effects, and writing are all extremely good and humorous.  The soundtrack is fantastic, with one of the best original game songs I've heard in ages.Overall, I'd rate this a 9/10.  I'm really enjoying this title.  FPS dungeon-delving goodness with none of the mess or fuss, sign up."
76561198000767443,Not Recommended,327510,23560211,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,[Mr_Hands],"The ""purifier"" completely killed it for me, this game was awesome up until that point. I'd like to be able to explore areas without feeling rushed I mean you'd think they'd want people to spend some time in their game and not be forced into a speedrun. I might play it again if they ever remove this one annoying element but until then I just ""wasted"" $13 on a game I'll probably never pick up again."
,Not Recommended,327510,23553398,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Patches,"To some extent, I enjoyed this game... However, the game's flaws can't be overlooked. If you remain too long in a level, you will be hunted by a powerful enemy. This wouldn't be a bad thing, but it prevents you from taking any time to look around and enjoy the content. You'll spend most of the game speeding through each level and ignoring locked doors (they always lead to dead ends).For the most part, the game is fair... but every now and again you'll be handed an unfair death. Sometimes, it's just a matter of opening a door and getting killed instantly. Sometimes you'll walk over a brick and be murdered. Other times, you might just find a landmine behind an exploding barrel.Progress in WASTED is slow. You'll rarely find yourself working towards the completion of the ""Cooler"" and instead be focused on collecting hangovers (perks), ammo, and equipment for future attempts. You'll never get to properly enjoy the experience that was intended... instead, you get a rushed scavenger hunt."
76561198000262723,Not Recommended,327510,23452088,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,tes,"i don't know why it is so important for the developer to prohibit exploration in this game.i can't see any negative effect regarding slow-paced playstyles.literally 'wasted' ressources to create a loot-system and sneak-system, if he forces player to rush through the levels.other players suggest to kill the sob-purifier with a crowbar. well, i haven't found a crowbar in the first level.add the crowbar to the starter loadout if it is a essential weapon to deal with this annoying threat.i didn't requested a refund yet.i'm unsure if i should invest my remaining 49 minutes (refund time frame) to try to defeat the sob-purifier or if i should wait for a balance patch.edit 2016-06-10:i tried to kill the sob-purifier after update 912, failed and immediately requested a refund.in my whole game time i saw the tutorial floor (only once), the first floor and my hideout.the time pressure annoyed me from the first minute."
,Not Recommended,327510,23535060,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Shadow the Edgehog,"My first thoughts, the game is cute.But then GAME ♥♥♥♥ED ME SIDEWAYS, AND IT'S NOT CUTE AT ALL!You create a character in the beginning, with love and all, and after one death - BYE. HERE IS YOUR NEW RANDOM GENERATED TRASH! And you know why he is dead? Because there is a spooky death mechanic, like in Persona 3, and Spelunky, that comes to get your♥♥♥♥♥if you stay on the level too long, lurking for goods.And if you run fast as♥♥♥♥♥♥- traps, and hords of gangs will get ya.So, if ya like to be ♥♥♥♥ed sideways - that's a game for you."
76561198019424962,Not Recommended,327510,23525938,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,delphizer,"Please give an option to increase purifier timer or increase the amount of loops so he can be dodged. At least in the first levels make him not spawn so fast, if he sees you in a walled off area it's GG. My last game I rushed as fast as I could..hitting trip mines because I'm trying to get caught again...STILL get caught in a blocked off area by purfiyer on the first level."
76561198147074124,Recommended,327510,32142745,Posted: 2 June,all,FIRESHOCK1O1,It's a pritty good game I Like It theri are some things I wish it would have done Differently like the death systeam and I wish it were more of an open world game but all and all it's relly good
,Recommended,327510,31331258,Posted: 23 April,all,iiMystik,"I don't usually write reviews for games; HOWEVER, this game is just too amazing and unique for all the hate it's getting. To start off, the game is not repetitive. The users saying this probably could not get through the first vault level and were just plain annoyed at the game. The variation of floors and increased opponent difficulty is what refreshens the game as you go. Plus the addition of the ""Home"" area which is a great new idea for rogue games which allows you to stash your goods for inbetween characters. If you're thinking of buying this game then DO! It is amazing and does not deserve the hate it gets, the only question I have is why isn't it more popular?"
,Recommended,327510,23609118,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Chigurh,"On the wisze words of edups ""Hey, that's pretty good."""
,Recommended,327510,23590723,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Gregor Eisenhorn,adult swim games tend to be good i think this one holds up great rouge like stupid fast pace very challangeing ♥♥♥♥ing funny af great if u like rouge likes are definitaly not for people who dont like them u can die and lose all ur♥♥♥♥♥♥this gives u the option to save some of it with the post boxes but this will eat up time great play if u like the genre but expect a hard game
76561198103000034,Recommended,327510,23576844,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Kapt Frosty,"Be prepared to die...a lot. This is game is like a fast paced Fallout mixed with Rogue Knight. It will make you rage, but have you coming back for more. I highly recommend this game to anyone, it's pure fun and has so many references & puns."
,Recommended,327510,23589213,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Xerohx,"The Purifier isn't actually bad, I never see him and I explore almost every room. Sometimes he might spawn when I've reached the end of the floor, but I never meet him face to face except for courier runs where I try to kill him. Get good and the Purifier isn't a problem."
,Recommended,327510,23464115,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Source of the Mist,"I don't usually write reviews about games, but when I do, it is because a game has either far surpassed my expectations, or driven me to the brink of insanity in which the only recourse possible would be to write a review -- good or bad.For WASTED, this review is definitely the former: expect addictive, fast-paced, and quirky gameplay (but quirky in a good way)!Themed in a post-apocalyptic 80's-era dystopia, WASTED is a roguelike FPS game in which you, the player, must raid procedurally-generated underground chambers (also known as Coolers) to ascertain the means to restore the world to its former glory... wait.... Wrong game!Radioactive booze is what I meant! You, the player must raid the underground Coolers to find booze that permanently affect your stats!Along your treacherous journey through the derelict and seemingly ""abandoned"" Coolers, you will be yelled at, punched at, and even shot at by tough enemies wanting nothing more than to see you splattered all over the broken walls and floors of the underground facilities.You will fight marauders, bandits, radioactive creatures, and much more; however, there's one being in particular who you really have to watch out for, no seriously!Warning: If you take too long on any given level, and I kid you not about this one, a dangerous hunter known as the S.O.B. appears and starts to hunt you down with a MINIGUN, that's right, a MINIGUN. In my opinion, this makes the game tense and forces you to move it or lose it!You get your own house in which you can store loot from previous runs, craft and cook (though the recipes can be kind of limited), and even do daily courier missions with the chance of finding rare loot to hopefully bring something back to your actual player.An Important Note:1. Developer Involvement: The developer seems to be engaged with the community and is active on the forums. He also has listened to people's feedback regarding the S.O.B. and has stated that he will be adjusting the mechanics to conform to the community's requests. <-- right here, this sold me. Having developers who care about the community and listen to them is pretty rare in the industry. If he follows through with this, then much kudos to make this game the best possible ever.Overall Recommendation: 8.5 / 10 for outstanding, unique gameplay that merges many genres together. The game can be frustrating for new players, but once you break the first hour or so into the game, it becomes a whole lot more entertaining and fun."
,Recommended,327510,23575588,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Chief_Judge_Fargo,"A Fallout style roguelike with beer that gives you special powers, whats not to like!?"
76561198002951956,Recommended,327510,23475235,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Anathema_Dreamer,"Splunky mixed with fallout in a FPS dungeon crawling action game with a 80's package of style that can be played in short brusts. Greath game mechanics, I love the way the hangovers and buzzs work and the entire tounge in cheek sense of humor.All I can say is MOAR MOAR MOAR."
76561198147582122,Recommended,327510,23558056,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,NoxLupus,"WASTED..... Very good first person shooter roguelike, the gameplay is challenging and the cooler time limit makes you hone your skills to find the fastest way around the ever-changing map, one negative point about this game is that it seems like it has an open world aspect to it; it does not, the game is on a very driven path and leaves enraged at the first dungeon but after enough practice this game become a really fun and amusing shooter.  Recomended for people with a lot of time to sink into this game."
,Recommended,327510,23604074,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Shalon,"This game is like some weird ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child of a newer Fallout game with an indie rogue-like game like spelunky or Isaac.The gameplay itself actually feels decent, although you might get killed a little too easily by traps or explosives.The main complaint about the game that most people seem to have is about the hunter that appears on the floor after a few minutes to avoid staying on the floor for too long, but he is arguably one of my favourite mechanics. It means that you don't get the freedom to loot the whole floor, meaning that greed is punishable, although if you keep the traps loaded, save your healing/ammo wisely and pick your location well, the hunter is very much killable, and doesn't come back for that floor.Overall, the game is great, please play more before you rage review about the hunter."
76561198093458733,Recommended,327510,23575819,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Woolfum,"Truly a fun game to play, with amazing mechanics like being able to shoot people in the crotch and the whole concept of getting wasted to escape is a fresh and new one, definitely a title I would recommend to anyone who has played and enjoyed Borderlands or Fallout with it's atmosphere and looting system. Only feedback I can comment on is some sort of playlist system for the discjoy where the songs could maybe be rearranged or played more then others. But other then that,  it's time to head back into the waste for some good ol' nuclear booze, and it's like they say ""You get wasted, or you get wasted trying."""
,Recommended,327510,23614200,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,HEARTS,"Excellent game, slight mix of dungeoncrawler roguelite which reminds me a lot of old school crpgs such as fallout."
,Recommended,327510,23463687,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,DeathsWill,"This game so far is alot of fun, i really like the humor and the gameplay only needs just a hair of polish to be fantasticIts like a fallout game mixed with some roguelike qualities and borderlands style of art"
76561198035303629,Recommended,327510,23487741,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,ooktar,A guy's talking♥♥♥♥♥♥♥asked me to go scalp people so he can use the scalps to make himself a merkin.Best. Game. Ever.
76561198126045274,Recommended,327510,24340393,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,SNRDEMON,It's a nice rouqe-like that doesn't feel too much like one.+Fallout like setting+Art style is reminicent of Boardelands+Nice gameplay?..... You know what I'm a pretty bad at reviews so it's a fun rouglike and I only have too complaints. One is there's not enough of it but it's an indie game produced on what I assume is a low budget or caffine and ramen. Two stand clear of doorways because smg and shotgun traps or you could  alt tab and close the game to start from before you died just only use it if bad trap spawns like that happen and not when you purposefully shot the barrel to see what it did.
76561198015280913,Recommended,327510,23478643,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,CAI2ROT,"A simplistic dungeon crawler with a few interesting mechanics of limited ammo, limited time (before death cyclops come to chase you down) and a mature and hilarious dialog / premiss. A must try for its low price and long replay ability value."
,Recommended,327510,23589096,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Carly 2000,"Hard as nails, WASTED is a game you should get if you like:- Shootin', and lootin', like some hybrid of the Fallout games, Diablo games / Torchlight Games, and DOOM,- Simple story that doesn't pretend to be profound, or waste your time,- Permadeath (for characters), with kept-between-characters upgrades for your house,- Randomly generated levels, and a keep-you-rushing mechanic like a 3D Spelunky, and- A very difficult game!Fun times!"
,Recommended,327510,24321626,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Ghoulshow,"Part doom, part fallout, part borderlands, whats not to love?ProsFast paced, first person (or third, but its not so great) roguelike gameplayHumorousFair amount of gear and weapons to collectvariety of enemies, mostly in appearancesThe fact that character upgrades are booze based mutationsConsA little bit repetitive in the gameplay, many can runs feel the samePersonally Having video issues occassionally at the home base and Ony Express that I couldnt seem to solve (flickering etc)Time limit on runs, on each floor if you take too long looting an incredibly powerful mob hunts you down, although I understand this is a game mechanic, some may not enjoy having to run through levels at quick pacesAll in all a very fun roguelike game that definitely gives me the feeling of ""just one more run"", and would highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys first person shooters, roguelikes, rpgs, and any similar styles of game."
,Recommended,327510,23576128,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,DoubleSnart,Entered in as a male proceeded to get drunk and die from a bear trap. Woke up as a female who got smacked in the face by a metal box in the aftermath of a red barrel exploding and then died by jumping onto a pile of glass. 8/10 needs more purifier
,Recommended,327510,25085556,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,TheAntChrist,"This game is more cooky than fallout and yet still makes me wanna tear my hair out. The RNG has not been kind to me and i have died more times than i can count with my fingers. That being said, this game is still fun while offering that certain challenge that others look for in a postapocolyptic game. One of Adult Swims better games. Dont be afraid to give it a try."
,Recommended,327510,34299768,Posted: 16 August,all,Robot Joe,cute rogueish fps. Super on the repetitive side on terms of lvl layouts and stuff but other wise fun.hope for a sequel based in a 90s wasteland
,Recommended,327510,33047234,Posted: 30 June,all,Not Flare e621.net,This Game is One Of The Best Game I Played.When I Am Playing This Game For The First Time.No IIdea What to Do.After Few Weeks.I Know What to Do.Fought My Way to B3 And Started to Know What is Really Happening In This Game. Kill.Explore.Hangover.Again And Again.Do Some Quest. Find Some Loots. Restart The Game. Speedrun It.All Achievements Finally.I Am Proud Of Beating The Game With All Achievements.
,Recommended,327510,29004970,Posted: 4 January,all,zsewq55912,This game is awesome
,Recommended,327510,32932495,Posted: 28 June,all,Beeshu,"Wasted is a gem in the rough, and it's very well hidden too.+ Interesting graphic style.+ Permadeath dungeon-crawler with persistent progression.+ Hub-world where you can manage your gear and character stats.+ Take up quests from funny NPCs.+ Decent fast-paced-ish shooting mechanics.+ Quite hard.+ Drinking alcohol gives you random perks. Very fun mechanic.+ Daily runs in unfairly fun and random dungeons.+ Crude humour.- Some enemies/areas/traps can feel a bit unfair.- Feels very unrefined in some places.Wasted is highly underrated, in my opinion, but if you like first-person dungeon-crawlers, this is definitely a game you need to try. It's a bit weird at times, but it's worth a try.Simolius - June 2017"
,Recommended,327510,24531314,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Milk Jug,"Thes ise mykindA gamesan if'n it might be a bottle of Hooch, i mayhaps give it a 6/10"
,Recommended,327510,27564723,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kievnstavick,I highly enjoyed this game filled with puns and non stop action.
76561198005503476,Recommended,327510,26015803,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,qorl,"It has really good original music, fun and chaotic combat that also allows stealth, decently stylish graphics and a kind of unique upgrade/perk system. Some of the writing and humour is actually clever, some of it is...toilet humour which is rather hit-or-miss. There are also a couple really subtle jokes, like the character creation. You'll see why it's a joke, in a good sense.Overall I'd say this fallout/borderlands parody roguelike shooter is really worth getting for its price."
76561198030574635,Not Recommended,327510,23443650,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,#1SexPistol,"I cant recommend this game in its current state. It would be enjoyable if not for the constant motion you have to be in to avoid the S.O.B. It is a strong game mechanically, but the lack of true game progress makes it a complete waste of time."
76561198011491984,Not Recommended,327510,23553141,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,UnableRogue,I would rather be kicked in the balls than to play this game again. It would be less painfull.
76561198037001575,Not Recommended,327510,23559011,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Gammar51,"There is a thin line between a decent challenge and throwing Impossible odds against you and gives you a middle finger. This game is the latter example in a bad way. The game is a dungeon crawler with a wasteland twist were you a random waster must make due with what you have to proceed to the next level. The game has a great style when it comes to graphics and settings making it 80s opposed to Fallouts 50s as the music also reflects. Enemies you face are well diverse and very tactful in their  ways to take you down. Now here is were it gets bad. The game IS VERY UNFAIR. DO not expect checkpoints in this game instead you have to drink radioactive booze in order to get buzz upgrades as well as bottles that give you a hang over transporting you to your house wich you will use to store your gear. However this is made frutless when you have to START OVER from the very beginning WITH THE NEGITIVE EFFECTS THAT STACK EVERY TIME YOU DRINK THOSE BOOZE BOTTLES on the same ""cooler"" Mostly causing you to suffer from a rage induced annurism from dying alot, or burnout from the lack of leway the game refuses to give you.This does not get better with the ""Pureifire mechanic"" Wich is basicly after some time passes from exploring one of these guys spawns with a magical ability to detect where you are No matter how stealthy you are, and can shrug off the majoirty of punishment you try to lay into it. In short this game would be better if you COULD at least sleep in the administrative checkpoints as well as teleport to them in order to get your berrings, and at least a few more minutes before the purifire responds. NO instead the TRYHARD DESIGNERS decided to go for the old BEAT IT IN ONE GO approach wich has PROVEN to be a bad Design gameplay wise. THIS GAME is a great example of taking the word ""CHALLENGING"" too far. Untill i can mod this game so its managable  or update it so i have MORE VARIETY IN PLACES I CAN EXPORE AS WELL AS CHECKPOINTS to progress This will just get a negitive rating from me. As for the whole ""git gud"" responces you are eager to give anyone who wants to make the game more enjoayble i will say this. Darksouls was a game where difficulty was done right and not just a middle finger to anyone who wishes to enjoy the game. PS to the developers. they way you could have used the purifer mechanic is make it so its a new thing to avoid using stealth or bring down with the use of mines and well placed shots and loot for its strong armor and weapon so more will respond later in an effort to take you down. DONT JUST MAKE HIM THIS UNSTOPPABLE WALL OF DEATH THAT LOCKS ON TO YOU NO MATTER WHAT. ALSO HOW BOUT A LEAN SYSTEM I SWEAR TO GOD THIS GAME COULD USE IT BADLY."
76561198063118661,Recommended,327510,23440791,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Inferno_Shogun,"I was lucky to see a random ad for this game. I waited for a few days for it to come out and got it first thing it was avalabile. I was not dissapoined it was exactly how I thought it would be a borderlands looking fallout dungeon crawler. The dialoges are funny, the action is smooth, and the story is pretty good. I thought it would cost around $15, but at its price I am amazed at how much content there is and how much I am enjoying it, but one thing though I am still in the first cooler so I am hoping there will be some items later on to increase the inventory size to carry all of the cool things (I like to hoard then sell it all). I highly recomend this game if you love FPS games, rpgs, or just funny games in general"
,Not Recommended,327510,23561991,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Obelisk,"While the game is fun at its current state, I simply am disappointed in many of features. I, for one, am not the only one who dislikes this features, as shown in the vast public outcry in the other reviews.Pros:-Good looting system-Unique ""hangover"" system-Aesthetically pleasing-Fun gunplay with responsive controls-Many other unique and entertaining features listed in other HEAVILY extensive reviewsCons:-Purifier that basically contradicts half the game-Sneak system essentially CAN'T be used due to purifier-Knockback is completely unbalanced and unavoidable; enemies with the DUZI are virtually unkillable because of their rapid fire pistol that continuously knocks you back, and when you're knocked back you have limited mobility and are unable to fire (for some reason?)-Completing the first cooler is insanely difficult and from my perspective practically impossible."
,Not Recommended,327510,26028075,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Buff Cookie,"Game cannot decide what it wants it's pacing to be.Permadeath dungeon crawler mechanics layered with an auto kill system for taking your time in a dungeon crawler, encouraging you to play it like run and gun shooter. Except it's still a dungeon crawler full of dungeon crawler mechanics including looting every few seconds, which itself takes time. Making it neither a good run and gun shooter nor a good dungeon crawler.Might be pleasent to play it purely as a dungeon crawl experience, but you'd never be able to find out if that's the case.Incredibly disappointed. This developer is usually a safe bet. Refunded immediately."
76561198028659394,Recommended,327510,23459141,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,[TAW] Nate Mc Bow,"Ok im going to say it as it is.For a Budget game this is very impressive. Game has a Falloutish vibe that has an increased level of humour to it, and to be honest this game feels even more explosive. And everything is a game of chance.The way you level up is unique too. Instead of XP you have drinks. Some of whom are only temporary buffs, and some who can make or break your characters future.And nothing is rushing you in leveling. You can for the most part pick how much of a gamble you want to take. Either only go a few floors for safe but low rewards, or barrell to the bottom on an all out ditch effort. Its your call.I recommend this. Hours of us given the randomness that goes down. But once you are going down the levels move fast. The S.O.B. purifiers that are hunting you are no pushovers."
,Not Recommended,327510,23531877,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,BOT Greg,"The S.O.B absolutely ruins the game. I'm rushing through the levels and not being able to take the time to enjoy them, because I know any second I will get wrecked by that son of a ♥♥♥♥♥. Please take the SOB out of the game or make his timer triple."
76561198037080732,Not Recommended,327510,23452740,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Gentleman,"Ive been following this game for a loooong time. I love the style, the humour, and the idea of this game. Really really cool. But the dungeons has very few variations. I mean, yes all is randomly generated, But the variety of rooms is poor, really poor. Also, i'm not sure if its a boss or something, but there is a guy who♥♥♥♥♥♥my♥♥♥♥♥over and over again, no matter the weapon i'm using. He's just OP. and all my attacks deal 1 HP to him. But anyway, because the poor variation of the environments, i cant recomend the game, I was expecting something a little bit different... a pity"
76561198040492418,Recommended,327510,23845663,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Tarrence the 12,"Awesome game, thanks to the devoloper this is loads of fun. Really difficult, but really compelling."
76561198055887988,Not Recommended,327510,23639233,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Jay,I just can't recommend this game right now.  The guns seem like they hit everywhere but your target.. The way it looks like when you are shot is incredibly disorienting and annoying. And that damn purifier in the beginning he decided to spawn EXTREMELY close to where I was on my second fresh character and completely perforate me.My first review and it's a shame I have to not recommend it.
,Not Recommended,327510,23641140,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Bamboozle,"I'm sorry to say but this game could be my 2016 fav but it's biggest disappointment.I don't understand how game of such high repeatability (highest i ever saw in vgames) can have very positive reviews. Every single level looks the same or mirrored. Looting mechanic makes you wanna commit suicide. Every single time you kill an enemy you need (or supposed to) to stop and see what he had in his inventory. Taking to long ? No f.ing problem, developers decided to put OP enemy who will force you to no-brain rush through the tunnels of same looking rooms making the playthrough  even less attractive.Big NO NO.3/10 - for some funny linesWorth about 0.99€ - no more. Grab from bundle"
,Recommended,327510,25610483,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Spooky Hands Jim,"A silly and very fun game, lots of loot to find, lots of violence and toilet paper to collect."
76561198244747004,Recommended,327510,32868307,Posted: 27 June,all,bennie,good game
,Recommended,327510,32949356,Posted: 28 June,all,Smitty Ryker,"It's like fallout 3, nv, 4 gameplay but roguelike and dungeons are big."
,Recommended,327510,23592645,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Launchpad McQuack,Recommended to anyone who digs on a good first-person dungeon runner. Played almost 23 hours this week and coming back for more.
,Recommended,327510,23627396,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Mac Dawg,"This game is unforgivably hard at times, but after the recent patches is almost always fair in its dificulty.It's an 80's themed FPS with permadeath and rogue-lite elements.Occasionally the progress can be stunted & frustrating but the fun I've had has more than balenced out the annoying moments.I'm not sure how far I am through the game content wise.. maybe halfway, but I'm not sure.The core loop of the game involves starting off at your house, going and raiding a cooler/vault for items/ammo/guns etc. and story progress. The only way you can escape from a cooler is by either completing all 10+ floors and defeting a boss (which allows you to take a permentant upgrade for your home) or by drinking a bottle of booze and taking a 'hangover' which grants you either a permanent positive or negative buff for your character until they die.The fairest thing I could say review wise would be watch this video(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sak6K3oRpYk)read the patch notes that address some of the cons in brought up in it and see if you think it's for you.Thanks for reading :)Over all I give this a huge thumbs up and recommendation, especially if you've taken the above criticisms on board and aren't turned away.Look worst case scenario just play it for an hour or so and if you're not a fan you can just return it ey"
,Recommended,327510,24120693,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,HISlawyer,"Explore dungeons, pick fights with well-armed paramilitary organizations, and get plastered all along the way in this classy, less pretentious Fallout 3 spoof!WASTED is a fun, abide occasionally stupid, FPS dungeon crawler with RPG elements. In a world where only the biggest, dumbest morons survived Reagan's nuclear annihilation of the world, you, the player character (Either your own custom starting character, or a random waster who has ""commandeered"" your previous character's shack and possessions) are on a quest to get plastered with irradiated alcohol, which will give you a mutation (Perk), or ""Hangover"" which may or may not be positive. To get the booze, you have to dive into a dungeon, or ""Cooler"" to get that sweet booze, fighting raiders, angry mutants and, again, Paramilitary organizations who have every reason to kill you. You need to reach the floor exit as fast as possible, because if you take too long, a Purifier (a 600 health, power armor clad murder machine with a minigun) will spawn to murder you, and everyone/thing else on the floor.The game has randomly generated dungeons, with random routes, enemies, and item spawns. However, because each floor coincides with a specific area of the cooler (living quarters, storage, evacuation area, ect.) those floors will draw from the same level assets. This can make multiple dungeon runs quite repetitive, as there is a real incentive to cut short cooler runs to store particularly valuable loot, or because you found a hangover that is particularly good, or fits well into your character build (which sends you back home, where you then start over again from the first floor on your next run).There are also random ""buzzes"" (temporary buffs/debuffs) which can be obtained prior to, or during a cooler run, and can be anything from stat boosts to having your cross-hair hidden. The unmarked flasks inside the dungeon are a particular source of rage in WASTED, as it's safer to ignore the flasks then to risk getting a crippling debuff, particularly on a character you like. This is on top of the already difficult game, where enemies, despite intentionally being stupid for your own entertainment, can do some smart-ish stuff that might kill you (like swarming you with suicide raiders).The story is charming, in a stupid way, and the combat is fun, but the repetitive nature of the dungeons and the frustration that can result from a crippling debuff or sudden death can act as a serious turnoff for some players, but if you don't mind either of the above issues, WASTED is a fun dungeon crawler with a charming take on nuclear annihilation."
76561198060008600,Not Recommended,327510,32307455,Posted: 9 June,all,Pumpkingdonian,"I've played this game for 40+ Hours and I can tell you the following statements are certified.-It's like fallout but it's more humour dedicated, with jokes heavily induced in the game.-The S.O.B ruins the experience of the game because of having to rush everything or else you end up dying. You really can't fully enjoy the game like the small details like not being able to explore the entire map unless you want to fight the S.O.B-Even killing the S.O.B. the game only gets you so far. It soon becomes tedious. You soon find out how a small game can only get you so far.Never the less, I still found this game enjoyable. However i can't reccomend this game because the S.O.B pretty much takes away the experience of being able to have the whole potential of playing the game. You can hassle with the code to disable the S.O.B but that's not suggestable. As far as I can say, get this game only on sale and you'll be fine"
,Recommended,327510,23445392,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Captainagility,"For being a new game, i haven't found any bugs or haven't noticed. If they added multiplayer it would be even better"
,Recommended,327510,23858799,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,HellfireOracle,Defenitley worth the price for anyone looking for a unique but fun spin on the rogue-lite genre.
,Recommended,327510,23626325,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,「SUNBOAT」,it has witty one liners.WELCOME TO THE OWN ZONE
76561198038898844,Recommended,327510,23654992,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,ArsenicFire,"An excellent game. It is difficult without being to ridiculous, and has a fanstastic presentation and comedic style. If you enjoy the loot based, fast paced shooter style that borderlands started, coupled with it being a fantastic parady of post nuclear games, this is a game you should get.The SOB also isn't that bad. He may seem intimidating, and he takes a while to take down, but it can be done. So long as you have a couple of machine guns/high DPS weapons (ie: duzi's, emma grand's, mines etc.) and some of health items, it turns into more of an unscripted mini boss then anything else. He always drops tons of rifle ammo and his gear, so it is definitely worth taking him on a couple of times.Performance is also good, with me well being over 120fps at 1080p (i7 4790k GTX 980) no matter what, though my laptop (A10 8700p, iGPU, 8gb ram 1x8GB@1333mhz) could only run this well at 640 x 480. It still is a fantastic game and  reccomend you to at least try it."
,Recommended,327510,23657652,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Nokturnal,"It's like a streamlined version of Fallout with a lot more comedy and a good amount of replay value.The gunplay feels good, the weapons are pretty well designed and melee, while more challenging, can be fun to pull off. There's also a nice variety of enemies most with their own special abilities.The only gripe I have is with the permadeath mechanic and the booze mechanic. They don't mesh very well.The equivalent of a skilltree for the game relies on you drinking different Booze flavors to permanently increase your character's abilities, but if you die, you lose all those abilities. Whenever you gain an ability by drinking a Booze you're forced out of the current dungeon (Cooler) you're in and have to restart it, which leads to it being pretty time consuming if you want your character to gain abilities, but at the same time, if you die, all that time spent ""leveling up"" your character, goes to waste.So, I made it a point to always play it safe and never die and thus was able to enjoy the game and beat it after spending 22 hours farming abilities and items. I definitely spent more time than necessary on just one playthrough but was actually able to level up my character pretty well by doing so. I definitely got my $13 worth and will probably play it through again. I definitely recommend it.(It's also one of those games that you can easily play while watching Youtube videos or binge watching Netflix, which definitely can make the grind not feel so grindy)"
76561198052983232,Recommended,327510,23658146,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Duck,its good but iron sights would be great instead of just a zoom
,Recommended,327510,23673691,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,MimiK,"Hey, thats pretty good!"
76561198014132755,Recommended,327510,23627538,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Rust,"Wasted is a lot of fun. A great sense of humor, surprisingly deep world building, challenging gameplay, and compelling gameplay system.That said, the game is also unforgiving and the procedually generated levels means there will inevitably be times when the game seems to be against you.It's a game that rewards preparedness but punishes lollygagging. Don't expect to blow through content quickly, but if you go into each run knowing you are going to die (I've gone through 12 Wasters thus far, and I'm still on the first dungeon) and structure your runs into aiding those that come after you...the game rewards pretty quickly."
76561198003523398,Recommended,327510,23647944,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Glowshadow,"This game is truly a breath of fresh air.It is, however, punishing if you don't have the right playstyle. Learning effective strategies for the earlier levels is probably the most challenging aspect. Unfortunately, once you've learned those strategies, the rest of the game can fly by in a blur, and leave you wishing that there was more to it than there is....Which is not to say that I haven't got my money's worth. I definitely have. So, you should totally buy this game too. So then the developer will make enough money to justify slapping together some DLC expansion thingies. So then I can play them and enjoy more WASTED goodness. The End."
,Recommended,327510,23660294,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Spiteful Crow,"Toilet paper is money and poopin' pills are a necessity for dungeon crawling. This is Wasted.Wasted is a rogue-lite that draws heavy inspiration from Fallout. Imagine a randomly generated vault filled to the brim with raiders, mutants, robots, and loot. Now imagine that instead of the world ending in the 50's, it ended in the 80's. There you have Wasted. Adult Swim, in my experience, tends to publish unique and well-made games. This is no different. Wasted is a highly addictive rogue-lite where you explore randomly generated vaults, killing enemies and hunting for loot so you can, of course, go deeper into the vault, so you can move to tougher vaults.The game features perma-death, meaning that anything on your character when you die is lost. You can, however, store things at home so your next character can use them. You might think this would mean you'd have to play carefully and slowly, but Wasted doesn't want you doing that. Take too long in a dungeon and a powerful enemy will begin hunting you. This enemy has a TON of health and is armed with a powerful minigun, meaning getting caught can be deadly. To avoid this, you have to play rather quickly. Unfortunately, even the enemies can be deadly! Raiders, mutants, robots; all of them can end you in seconds if you sprint carelessly into a room. So, cleverly, the game requires you to balance playing fast to avoid getting caught and playing slow to avoid bungling into traps or foes.What's more is that you can only leave a dungeon by either dying or drinking booze. Hence the title. Booze is found, generally, every three levels. Drinking gives your character a permanent hangover that confers bonuses that can either help or hurt you. You might lose speed, max health, or aiming ability. Conversely, you might up your carry capacity, gain regenerating health, or double your melee speed. Booze that affects you positively, however, is found deeper within the dungeons. This adds a nice risk/reward system to the game. If you're injured, you might want to bail early and take a penalty so you can keep gear you've found, but if you push too far you might lose everything.Over all this is a story about the apocalypse and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ being used as currency. Wasted doesn't take itself seriously, poking fun of modders, gamers, games, and even Richard Nixon. The humor is generally juvenile but written well enough that it brings laughs instead of cringes and even the requisite computer logs you find scattered about the dungeons get a good laugh or two. Some of the dialogue you hear from generic raiders is repetitive (If I hear 'Welcome to the own zone!' one more time..) but the scripted stuff is really nice. The soundtrack is also more than serviceable, providing a small but catchy number of tunes that really have an 80's vibe.Overall I highly reccomend Wasted and have almost nothing but praise for it. Highly reccomended!"
76561198273480339,Recommended,327510,23477539,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,ross892548,Latliy ive been turned off by games nothing has seem to be  able to hold my atttion for long but wasted has been the best 10$ ive spent in a long time there is always a challenge in wasted theres something new everytime for you waiting if your a casual gamer this will hold your attion for awhile if your hardcore you will at least get 6 hours worth of non stop i highly recommend this
76561198148893020,Recommended,327510,23502866,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,jewishjazzyj,"Easy to play and pick up. shooting is sludgy along vertical axis and too fast horizontally (might have this backwards but its deffinitly there). theres interesting game play mechanics borrowed from fallout like where food gives u different temp bonuses. i like the random power up/down flask that only last one level. i like the booze upgrades that last forerver until you die in the 3rd level because your too high to find the exit. Dont play this stoned, youll never progress anywhere because of perma death constantly starting anew. the art style is meh. guess it makes it easier to run w such 'stlye' I guess i wish there was co op. i think the SOB is bs. you get like 3 mins to search a dungeon. i nvr have to time to go to the locked sections where the better stuff is because the SOB is too strong and he comes in way too soon. hardly a dungeon crawler or a rogue-like in tht regard. light crafting light food creation a la fallout 4. also dont like delays in healing if i have 5 med kits i should be able to use them all w out a bs cooldown period. n while i like the permanent upgrades w the green booze bottles at the end of a level they always suck azz, like reduce ur hp, or if you dont headshot u dnt deal damage, permanent upgrades r stupid if they dont do anything good. dont pay full price until some serious changes. dont buy adult swims lies n propaganda. i only barely like the game more than i hate it"
,Recommended,327510,23576281,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Cupcake,"Fallout 3 + cell shading + roguelite = WASTEDThis game is incredibly fun, albeit somewhat short. There is much room for improvement in terms of bug fixing, convenience, and depth of content. That being said, what is currently there by no means falls short of a great experience worth the price. If this game gets DLC I will shell out in a heartbeat."
,Recommended,327510,23650248,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Zlobny,Amazing game!
,Recommended,327510,23654409,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,basic doogle,"Do you like Rouge-lites? Did you enjoy crawling through vaults in the fallout games? Are you the kinda guy/girl that thinks that silly humour and 80's slang is totally tubular? And most importantly, can you survive wasting an hour or two learning the ropes and getting screwed by your horrible luck? Well boy are you in for a good time! If not, then you might wanna pass on this one.It's a very interesting game that changes your play style based on the random items and hangovers (perks) that you get on the fly. The first hour can be very demoralizing as you get shoot in the butt by a minigun 'toting ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and lose your character over and over again. But take heart! After you get to the courier boxes and get a few good hangovers you'll be able to stockpile some good supplies so dying hurts less.Pretty cool once you get the ball rolling, I'd redcommend it."
76561197967451608,Recommended,327510,23676221,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,WeeZy,"This is a fun FPS with some rogue elements such as permadeath, random enemy and item spawns, random map generation, etc.The game is hard as nails for a while, but if you can get your character to survive a few runs, you will gain some decent bonuses and equipment ot help you survive.The dialogue is humorous and i found myself actually listening to what NPCs had to say instead of just skipping through conversations like I normally do.Overall i would say this is a no brainer for the cost if you like FPS and are not opposed to permadeath."
,Recommended,327510,23515413,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Braxt,"It truly feels like Fallout and Borderlands wrapped up into a fun Rogue-Like.Pros:- A solid shooter- Crafting- Persistant inventory system- Quests- Loads of character mutations, items, and traps to keep each playthrough fairly fresh.- Fun story- Randon AreasCons:- A fun stealth system that feels trumped by having to run from a persistant killer robot, that always knows where you are (would be great if you could hide from it as well).At first the game seemed too hard, due to a killer robot which shows up shortly after entering each level.  But it got much easier once I abondoned the idea of stealth play, and quit exploring locked rooms.I do find it a shame that I can't stealth and search using the game mechanics already in place, due to the forced rush... But, the idea that I'll eventually become powerful enough to kill the robot gives me hope that I may one day do so.When all's said and done... this is a pretty great game."
76561197974689444,Recommended,327510,23592325,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Spokey Dokey,"Scratches an itch I've wanted scratching for a long time. It's a dungeon crawler/rogue like first person shooter. An obvious love letter to the Fallout series, and it's an Adult Swim game, so expect that type of humour.You have to make your way through randomized ""coolers"" (think Fallout vaults), fighting other wasters (wastelanders) on your mission to find better loot, and ultimately, BOOZE!Booze gives your character either a negative or positive perk (perhaps both, I haven't gotten far enough to say for sure), and will also cause your character to pass out, spawning back at your base with all the loot you had on you. This mechanic can leave you with some interesting decisions to make: Do you risk having a permenant(?) gimp stat so that you can get yourself out of a sticky situation? Or do you keep on going. It is a tad annoying to have to restart a cooler run if you want to get a nice perk though.I can't wait to see what the rest of the game has to offer, and I hope it continues to get updated."
76561197995959605,Recommended,327510,23591104,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Nick Vascuas,"Pretty wierd game. The game is pretty much a parody of Fallout. They even ""copied"" the talking animation that zooms you in on the person you are talking to. Its a good dungeon crawler with a unique take."
76561198245607274,Recommended,327510,23596367,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Thebosstodd,"I love the game i feel that there are some things witch are still to be fixed like how you can kill the SOB Purifyer with a gun you can get early on but, i love it with all the random things you can get from the perks to that random person that comes out of no where and scares the heck out of you. the game is well made and every time you do a run you well never get the same thing because you can run low on supplys and have no health to where you get all the heals and you storm through the floors like a Bad♥♥♥♥♥ I also love how you have to think of what you grab and not be like this is mine now with everything. So if you have the money or the items i would say that you get this game because i have 10 hours in it and i plan to have a good 1000 when im done with it. and if you feel lucky give your self a drink from the random drinks."
,Recommended,327510,23605772,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Dr. Phunkenstein,"A rougelike fallout is something I have been looking for and this certainly scratches the itch. The thrill of discovering new items mixed with the joy of murding r̶a̶i̶d̶e̶r̶s̶  wasters never really gets old. If you are the type to loot up to your eyeballs and scour every blade of grass for a hint of a secret (which I am) then you may have some difficulty getting started.The game would really prefer that you be running like hell, away from the spelunkey ghost reincarnated as a big metal dude with a minigun, but this becomes only a minor annoyance once you get some good gear and learn your way around the v̶a̶u̶l̶t̶  cooler, or find one of the mods floating around that disables his♥♥♥♥♥ Either way it's a great game that I would recomend to rouglike, fps, and rpg fans alike."
,Recommended,327510,23627813,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Eango The Overexcited Dragon,Good♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,327510,24004830,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,geo_star,I wholeheartedly suggest this to anyone who wants to play the hardest FPS ever madeHOWEVER. The game gets really repetitive after the first 20 hours (aka when you beat the first level)
76561198068865172,Recommended,327510,23577610,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,dx,Cool game!
,Recommended,327510,24451363,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Cr0mpy,Great Game Highly recommended. Get it if you like roguelike 1st person dungeon crawlers with a mix of Fallout and borderlands.
,Not Recommended,327510,25282719,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,MiniBiggi,"I like the style, but this kind of roguelike isn't for me, I prefer things like NeuroVoiders or something. Gives you loads of rare loot, but a tiny inventory, and to carry more you have to find rare pack-style things. This might be the kind of thing for you, but it's frustrating to lose entire inventories of rare equipment because you can't find a way out and the SOB kills you."
76561198038131698,Recommended,327510,26077069,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Grif,What fallout 4 could have been
,Recommended,327510,34302254,Posted: 17 August,all,蛙,"Just a bit of insight from a Rouge-like fan like me.I like the game, 100%.  Has the rouge-like feel.  Perma-death is a thing (You can keep some loot in the future but ""booze"" buffs are gone when you die).Fps/Rouge-like obviously.  It is very enjoyable and has quite some replayability value.  I would recommend on sale.  Didnt buy this for full price.  For the sale price of which i bought it and the content that it has, 100% didnt regret it.  Go buy if it's on sale.  A very very enjoyable game."
76561198006356441,Recommended,327510,25000401,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Hefill,"All the negative reviews Ive seen of this game mention the S.O.B. Purifier being a game breaker for them. All I have to say is just kill him. It really isnt difficult, there are plenty tilesets which you run into frequently where you can abuse his pathing and kill him on every floor.It only gets easier to kill him after youve done it a few times. On some courier runs Ive even just used a brick to kill this guy. It takes awhile sure, but its worth it for his armor/weapon and ammunition. Once you get an emma grand or even a klash, you can use these rifle weapons to essentially kill him for free, because he drops 60-100 rifle rounds on death, which is what it takes to kill him.I dont reccomend using pistols/shotguns to kill him, unless they are throwaways that you've picked up off other enemies on the floor and you just use the ammunition thats left over in the clip/magazine.All In all this is a great game, Its got many mechanics that remind me of the fallout series, and it doesnt cost nearly as much. Its great fun watching yourself as a player improve and learn the different strengths and weaknesses of various builds and strategies.Also, dont be sad if you lose hangovers, they arent necessary and more of nice to haves. NEVER TAKE A NEGATIVE EFFECT HANGOVER EVER.P.S: Make sure to get a buzz from town before every dive (I reccomend toughkilla, straight, as a shot for beginners) It makes a huge difference and only costs 30 TP"
,Not Recommended,327510,30560286,Posted: 16 March,all,Somnophobe,"If you've ever wanted to play a Bethesda Fallout as a drunken, mutated bobblehead, then you might like Wasted.Personally, I found it a little dry. The gameplay is skewed towards faster-paced combat styles (and I prefer my stealthy characters) and inventory space is tiny, forcing you to go hard as quick as you can. It's not by any means a bad game, and I've only run into one major bug (got stuck outside a level once), which is better than Bethesda could pull off. It's just not as shining as I hoped it'd be, and I feel like what was advertised and what I played are very different things.If you want a faster-paced Fallout game with silly charm, go for it. It didn't do anything for me, but I don't hate it."
,Not Recommended,327510,23523369,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,riotsquad,"This is not for me, love the humour, artstyle, the bloke's a bit too ""floaty"" for an old Quaker/UT'er as me - and I'm of course talking about the originals - but that's something I didn't have that much of a problem with, neither do I have a problem with missing a wall I'm aiming at as I'm a huge fan of the two Fallout games.S.O.B. is quite bloody annoying, especially as you can't even see where to run if he starts to hit you (the knockback's already written a bible about so I won't go into that) but you should already have a decent amount of knowledge on where you're going before he appears so I can live with him being OP, the visual hinderance and knockback are dislikes.Something that really put me over the edge is however that firing takes presedence over reloading so if you're firing your empty weapon it'll delay the reload, meaning you're stuck without a weapon for that extra time, reloading should take over from any other key, better would be auto-switching of guns though so you'll end up with fists if you have no other weapon.I read a review which gave me quite a whiff of ignorance from the dev. though, can't say that made me think more of the game ""unlike other negative reviewers you've at least invested a lot of time in it"", as if an hour of gaming wouldn't be more than enough to know if you'll like a game like this. (where the game mechanics are so straight forward)I have to say that kind of an attitude from a dev. leaves me with a foul taste in my mouth, why not just straight out say: ""you're just too stupid to understand its brilliance"" or similar to all reviewers who didn't invest enough time to fulfill your base level of amount of time one needs to spend with the game before their opinion matters?Normally I'd just take my loss and move on after uninstalling, in this case - purely due to those words from the dev. - I'll, for the first time ever, go for the money back guarantee..."
,Not Recommended,327510,23444679,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Gary Dozer,"Arcade rogue-like shooter with small repetitive levels filled up with cheap jokes and other game references (mostly Fallout series).Levels are small and repetitive. But even so you won't have enough time to explore a level. The game rushes you forward trough levels spawning a seeker who knows where you are at all times and is very hard to kill.You have to start dungeon from the 1st level all over again not just after character death but on character ""level up"" (so-called mutation). Thus it will be same small levels zipping past you on and on until RNG will through you into a deathtrap. Or until you'll grow tired of poor grapical style or primitive weapon mechanics.The game creates replayability by enabling you to store your loot and money making it available for the next character after your current character death. This is a very doubtful mechanics in my opinion. The game is focused on getting the good loot out of the dungeon (to sell or to store it). It's not about how deep you can go. It seems the game is about grinding and hoarding items for your next plunge into the dungeon. Every couple of levels you have to decied whether to go on or to start everything all over again. At some point I just realized I want neither."
,Not Recommended,327510,23795361,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,FrakiLoZ,"The game is getting really repetitive, really quick... The inventory system is horrible, only 10 slots when you have to carry weapons, armor and ammo is not plausible. Ennemies just come in line except for some special ones. I know it is a rogue-like and rogue-likes are strong by the variety in the runs but i don't want to keep playing long enough to discover it. anyway boring game"
76561198079409759,Not Recommended,327510,23776500,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,MegaLobsterFace,"I guess I really WASTED my money on this game!!!!!but no really, the movement and camera gave me an intense headache 10 minutes in (I am not usually prone to motion sickness of any kind), the framrate was pretty bad, the menus didn't seem to work right the first time, and it nearly hardlocked my desktop when i tried booting it up.But mostly that pun though!"
76561197979366434,Not Recommended,327510,29216146,Posted: 12 January,all,Syrin,"The time limit just ruins this game.  It is tricky enough, but you can't look at anything, can't explore at all, just race for the exit.   You are better of running from fights than trying to battle it out.   I'm not even sure why you have gear and stats.   If they took this one element out, it could potentially be awesome, but they didn't and it's a disaster.   I refunded this because of this game mechanic."
,Not Recommended,327510,31001890,Posted: 7 April,all,Monkeysam,"I should really have listened to total biscuit on this.. the SOB unkillable guy who turns up really fast and ruins the enjoyment of this. I thought for £2 it was worth a punt, but it really wasn't. If this SOB guy took longer to turn up maybe it would be better. But it seems this timed level thing is a design choice the dev really likes. I didn't."
,Not Recommended,327510,23498041,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Frosty,"TL;DR This is an incredibly RNG-reliant game with Early Access level mechanics and shoddy UI. Game has potential, but needs a lot of polish. Balance is nowhere to be seen and so is level variety. It's trying to be a lot of games at once and doing poorly at both. It's a cute premise, so maybe this is worth a look when it's inevitably in the bargain bin."
76561197970293432,Not Recommended,327510,23892967,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Abecedarius Rex,"This is going to be a bit of a confilcting review. First, the game is fun., and is worth the price tag. That being said, it is unfinished, and yet not listed as Early Access, which is why I cannot recommend it. There are models and textures missing, a lack of actual content, and even the updates are listed as Builds instead of Versions.Once complete, I anticipate that this will be a fantastic game. They do need to work on the repetitiveness of it, as at some point, it basically becomes a grind to get better gear, followed by a grind to get better stats, followed by a grind to get to the next level... which is going to look just like the previous level."
76561198004316095,Recommended,327510,24177189,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Alexander,A absolutely perfect game for 12 dollars. Adult swim truely made a jem this time.
,Recommended,327510,24047139,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Guts,gud
76561198062930115,Recommended,327510,23711969,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,DG Dobrev,"WASTED, a game heavily inspired by a large number of post-apocalyptic franchises (like Fallout and Wasteland), is branded a ""post-apocalyptic pub crawler"". I must admit that it took me a while to understand why would it be called like that, as there isn't much in terms of pubs in this game. And then it dawned on me. The pub-crawling is actually the dungeon-crawling, as you go down, get wasted, pass out and go back for another swig like a real addict. In essence, that's what the game is playing at - your addiction to dungeon crawling, ""just one more level"" mentality, and your unvawering conviction not to give up as the going gets tougher and tougher. This what it makes it the right game for me. I like dungeon crawling, engaging action, and good puns that put a smile on my face.Let's look at the good and the bad.THE GOOD:1. The game is extremely atmospheric. It plays the post-apocalyptic card just as well as the games it has been inspired by.2. The music score is great, albeit a bit repetitive.3. The gameplay is extremely engaging. The game is tough as nails, but by no means unfair. It lets you decide how to play, as there are many ways to approach the game.4. To address the elephant in the room - permadeath is indeed an issue, but if you play the game the way you are supposed to, your ""successor"" can start with ample supply of goods and pick right where you left off at no loss of progress, apart from some hanovers that give you some positive and/or negative buffs. This is a good thing, as it keeps you on your toes and makes you think for the future, not just the current ""cooler"" run.5. Gear makes or breaks your game - there is no real RPG progression involved, unlike Fallout, where you put points in stats and skills. I thought I was going to hate this feature, but it actually ends up working for the better. Loot is extremely plentiful in the game and you are able to store and stash it for future characters - in essence allowing them to pick up exactly where you left off - if not stronger. And about that...6. Your toon has a number of stats that gear items boost. They are referred to as S. H. O. T. S. (clever) - Shoot, Hit, Oblity, Tinker and Stealth. Apart from that you also have armor (flat damage mitigation), critical chance and critical damage procs based on chance or actions. This allows you to focus on gear that would suit your playstyle, and stast gear that would fit a different one, in oder to try it in the future, which I find quite cool.7. Puns, jokes, jabs, pokes at anything that exists, smiles, laughs, and so on and so forth - it is an understatement to say that everything in this game is a joke. From the character interractions to the item descriptions, from the enemy taunts to the way everything is so jovially put together - you will feel challenged, but also entertained every step of the way as you discover the plethora of easter eggs or read the consoles about how people in the coolers descend into insanity and mutate in all manners of ways.8. Accepting the game for what it is and playing it as intended makes for a pleasant experience - WASTED plays the ""success is not guaranteed"" trump card to its fullest. As such, you can really help your game if you refrain from attaching yourself to a toon, and focus on stashing stuff, ammo and gear for future runs, and just plainly enjoy the ride.9. Action never lets down - the game keeps you contstantly on your toes, regardless whether you are bum-rushing a level or sneakily taking out enemies.10. The voice-acting gets the job done - it is nowhere near stellar, but it works to convey the idea of people dumbing down in general.The BAD:1. While the levels are randomly geneated, the game is repetitive. You will not find yourself in the same area, doing the same thing, fighting the same enemy, looting the same item from the same place - but it will sure as hell FEEL that way, as your goal is inevitably to reach your goal, or be forced to abort early or just die. And speaking about aborting and dying...2. If you abort by drinking booze (and getting a hangover) or die, you need to drive back to the cooler and start from the very first level of it, not where you left it. And if you die, anything you haven't stashed or put in a courier box is lost - apart from unique items or ones maked as ""important"" - a stamp you craft later on in the game that forces that item to reappear in the ""lost and found"" and you get to buy it back.3. Dungeon levels are randomly generated each time you go in, and have similar loot that only changes after a certain spot. This means you need to wade through the same pistol or melee enemies during the first few levels until the game opens up a bit. And speaking about randomly generated levels...4. The random layout of a dungeon can make or break your game. You may find a good dungeon layout and make off with tons of bullets, money (toilet paper) and cool items and hangovers, or you may find yourself stuck in a long winding path and take way too long to reach the next level. And about that...5. If you take too long to reach a level, a big bad wolf, send by the Brotherhood of Steel (BOS), whoops, sorry, I mean Syndicate of Buzzkillers (SOB) Purifier will start hunting you down. If you are forced to retrace your steps, you will inevitably run into him, and likely die. There are ways to get past him by exploiting the environment or the time he is forced to reload, but if the dungeon layout doesn't allow it, your run is over, along with all the sweet loot you gathered.6. If you don't play the game as intended (stash stuff, deposit your cash, don't get attached to your first toon, etc.), you will tear your hair out and throw a ton of expletitives at your screen. I know I did...7. Sadly, you don't get to customize your successors. So if you do get attched to your toon, Alt-F4 on death might be your option, as many do now. This way you will have to redo the cooler, but at least get to keep your dude... This is why I keep on saying that you shouldn't get attached to the characters and just play as the game expects you to.Conclusion:I really, really like WASTED. It is tough, but not unfair. It aims to kill you, but gives you so many options to hold your own. It lets you buildcraft (or should I say gearcraft) and change playsyles on the fly. If you play it properly, it allows you to progress even through death. The models are cool, the enemies are fun, and the easter eggs and jokes will put a smile on your face. If you enjoy fact-paced dungeon (or should I say ""fungeon""?) crawling action, this game is certainly the right one for you. And to repeat myself, anything (or anyone) that can put a smile on your face or make you laugh and feel happy is priceless."
,Recommended,327510,34183453,Posted: 11 August,all,FAT,really needs multiplayer
,Recommended,327510,23479263,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,RED STATIC,"How fast can you run and gun? Loot and shoot? Leap and creep?If you're too slow on your feet you'll get your a$$ beat.WASTED is about smashing and grabbing what you can from an oozy boozy '80s danger maze with a constant threat of permadeath looming above you. It is a twisted radioactive hellscape that dares you to sneak around and check that drawer for another fanny pack while the clock ticks down. Never knowing when the next hangover 'ride home' will appear means you have to make in-the-moment choices about what you carry with you to save for later.If you enjoy risk/reward gameplay with a great deal of flash and humor, WASTED might be for you.But..If you bite your nails about opening doors that might contain violent death, or if you prefer to creep slowly and silently through tunnels rather than face-punching everyone like a hyper kid with a sugar rush, you might want to walk back up the dusty road that brought you here."
76561198049799938,Recommended,327510,23443883,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,michaelle9598,"From what I've played so far, (Which is not nearly enough compared to others) I find this game very amusing and fun. It gives me a rush and reminds me of other fast paced games. It's fast, but slow when needed. I cannot wait to see what the rest of the game has to offer! I just need to stop dying by my own hands."
76561198093532672,Recommended,327510,23443708,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,tommygun999,"That game has more Fallout spirit inside than Bethesda's Fallout 4....but please, make an option to remove S. O. B. hunter, it's just too annoying, it deploys too soon."
76561197969753593,Recommended,327510,23546251,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Old man Stu,"Amazing game and worth every penny I spent on it. It starts off very hard, but soon enough you hit a rhythm and start getting further and further down. The combat is very satisfying and so is collecting all the loot.Buy it pretty much right now."
76561198049118451,Recommended,327510,23478962,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,TooWhite890,"I don't often write reviews but I feel this game deserves one. Gameplay mechanics are great, it's easy to grasp as aiming isn't terribly slow. Graphics aren't bad either it's more of a cute fun feel which is what it's trying to go for. The booze/perk system is pretty cool, although ""permanent"" is not what I'd call the hangover perks. It's a roguelike game, so permadeath and item loss it going to happen. My only complaint with this is the S.O.B. system. I get it, kind of, but I don't necessarily like the fact that people like myself are in a sense being ""punished"" for dilligence in dungeons, perhaps maybe add a setting where we can disable or enable them, the rest of the enemies are more than enough to kill you without the aid of the immortal♥♥♥♥♥rapists running around. All in all 9/10, I'll enjoy this game for a while, once I stop sucking so bad at it."
,Recommended,327510,23516789,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Doctor Runs on Windows,"This Game is a must try for post-epoc and Roguelike fans.  MOST IMPORTANT THING TO KEEP IN MIND, this is a roguelike, it is going to chew you up and spit you out.  Do not try this game if you do not enjoy games like Don't starve, where you have to learn how to survive different situations with strategies and techniques.  Once you get the feel for it you will be hooked and the experience is unlike anything i've had in the past.  It's a adrenalin rush mixed with pain that makes you stay up late thinking about how it hurts so good.The Voice acting in this game is so entertaining that I still find myself laughing every now and again at the delivery and great cheese added to every bite.  To add to this, the soundtrack to this game is popping.  I'd say that it comes very close to Doom in that way, I might even hunt down the soundtrack and buy up the songs.Now that I'm about halfway through this game i'm actually really scared to beat it so soon.  I enjoyed my time with Wasted more than any other game this year.  It was funny, challenging, memorable, and fun to look at.  I really hope that the creators maybe think of doing an expansion in the future.GET THIS GAME, you will not regret it!"
,Recommended,327510,23845038,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,CircumSamurai,"WASTED is a fun game that brings some of the positives and negatives of the modern Fallout series and similar rogue-lites.It has great combat, more akin to Fallout 4's, but I like it even better. If the developers ever make a full open world sequel, or different type of spin-off like a Doom clone, this combat would be perfect for that. One problem I have with the combat is how powerful the stunlock is. Being stunned stops you from moving or shooting, which makes it impossible to run from enemies with accurate fire and automatic weapons. It's also confusing being stunned by a smaller attack during spraying, as it makes me think my weapon magically turned empty mid-mag.The visuals are decent, a comic-like take on a wasteland similar to Fallout. The 'vaults' or Coolers as they call them, look fair, but they get old after having to keep running through them over and over again. The Coolers are also very dark, and it can be hard to see a lot of things like traps, loot, and even the courier boxes which are kind of needed.  There's no flashlight, so It would be great if they could put some little christmas lights on those. The randomness can also come to great detriment when you have multiple choices of paths to take, with most of which leading to dead ends. You have no way of looking at the whole of the map you've uncovered, which makes getting stuck at dead ends even easier. The S.O.B. Purifier that starts chasing you after a certain amount of time during exploring can be awful to get past if you waste too much time at a dead end. You have a fair chance of getting by him or survivng being attacked by him because you will probably only take around 75 damage from his stunlock minigun before he reloads and you run off. The stunlock makes sense for this enemy, but it becomes pretty unfair on later mandatory enemies that are faster and very accurate.You can only hold 10 looted item unless you find some of the 3 types of fanny packs you can wear to gain 3 additional slots. The devs were cheeky in making the packs take 1 of the 3 additional slots, making you only gain 2 in all actuality. I feel that having the packs not take up a slot themself, or having them give you 4 aditional spaces instead of 3 would have made more sense than capping the max inventory at 19 with much of it being taken up by the basics that you need. But there are courier boxes and other ways to load off some loot and send it back home so that you don't lose it after you die.It also comes with a simplified S.P.E.C.I.A.L. system, but it only seems to be upgraded by the gear you wear or the booze you drink to get upgrades/downgrades. This is kind of a shame, as it makes killing the same low level enemies over and over again, and disabling all of the traps kind of pointless since you dont get anything from them except for some money and maybe some ammo to refill.There's plenty of things in between what I've talked about, like daily special runs that let you get one nicer than average piece of loot, a buying and selling system similar to Fallout that I haven't found a use for yet, and a time & day-to-night cycle that seems kind of pointless when there's no open world to explore and you spend most of your time inside of randomly generated vault dungeons...But overall, WASTED is a great rogue-lite for it's price. It has some things I have gripes about, but the things I don't have gripes about more than make up for it. If you can stand toilet humour, references galore, and rogue-lite games in general, then you will probably have a lot of fun with this one."
76561198154413209,Recommended,327510,33941575,Posted: 31 July,all,Theticgnome,Is this what happens when you continuously drink alcohol in the main fallout games?
,Recommended,327510,30343381,Posted: 5 March,all,SilentAge8™,"This is basically Fallout (with the art style of Borderlands) but if the locations were randomly generated and you would be hunted by a killer robot with a minigun of you stayed on a floor for too long. That's basically what it is, but there's more to it."
76561198046191789,Recommended,327510,25260842,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Noodlers,After Playing the game for a good while and getting stuck until I edited the game files. I'd say this is a great game but it leaves a bit to be desired as the flavour text during loading screens are talking about Vague♥♥♥♥♥as a place you can visit but you are stuck to the main town with 5ish coolers. This is all my opinion and you can have different thoughts.
76561198106830909,Recommended,327510,23441880,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Rho,Got wasted by a Mutapupa and earned an achievement. 10/10 would get wasted again.
76561198151800555,Recommended,327510,23446408,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,riccta,Fallout/Borderlands meets Enter The Gungeon. This game is a blast and way deeper than I thought it would be. Its a steal right now on sale. Buy it!  I'm going back in to get more wasted.
,Recommended,327510,23716205,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Paulk19,It's rly cool.It is hard as ♥♥♥♥.The S.O.B. is an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.8/8 IGNgg wp
,Recommended,327510,23733192,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,uberly bored,"WASTED is a rogue-lite that's a mix of games like Fallout, Binding of Isaac and Zelda.The gunplay is good, the writing is good, and the overall experience is pretty good. The only thing I don't really like is that there are these tough enemies called S.O.B's that will hunt you down on a floor if you take too long exploring. My problem is that they spawn too quickly, leaving a sense of urgency that kind of defeats the purpose of having a stealth system.Other than that, it's a pretty fun game."
,Recommended,327510,25549028,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,epoc923,Solid fun shooter for a good price.
76561198248714336,Recommended,327510,34161097,Posted: 10 August,all,lucky_charm888,"Fallout 4 if it was dense, wacky, and had a heavier emphasis on dungeon crawling and rogue-likes rather than choices and consequences."
,Recommended,327510,23576490,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Dusklite,"""yeah, I found this game after watching Total Biscuit's review. It totally looked like my kind of thing""(shameless copypasta)Seriously though, it's pretty... ahem... gnarly. It doesn't have the fast paced action of a Tower of Guns nor the in-depth character development of say Binding of Isaac (to quote two rogue-lites) but a little bit of both mixed with a nice soundtrack and a sense of humour. Can contain traces of radiation, junk food and nuts.Recommended."
76561198015234029,Recommended,327510,29987910,Posted: 17 February,all,Just a Monkey On Some Bars,Amazing 10/10
76561198112335255,Recommended,327510,23625989,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,RunatarIGI,"It is really sad how some reviews say it is not worth more than 7$, while others are complaining about the difficulty. I totally recommend this game and say it is easily worth 20$. God I love this game, it is so much fun, needs resource management, accuracy, strategy and awareness. This game is perfect, I feel bad for these developers, they made an unappreciated gem because this community is full of kids that need brainless and easy games."
76561197989755432,Recommended,327510,34352970,Posted: 19 August,all,Heydeeohred,"The only significant problem with this game is by the 3rd dungeon you've pretty much seen everything there is to see. I was compelled to finish because it is a joy to play, but if repetitiveness wears you down, you might want to pass this one up. If you like roguelite, old school type first person shooters get it on sale.And for all the people whining about the S.O.B ruining the game, stop sucking. You suck."
,Recommended,327510,34433611,Posted: 23 August,all,bidji,"It's another one of them Rogue-lites that all the cool kids are playing. I think it's pretty good. I'm a busy man, and so are you (or woman, or whatever you want to identify as) so I'll keep it to the point. And short. And I'll avoid redundancies.the PROS:- awesome OST- cute graphics- interesting approach to the genre- REGULARLY UPDATED by a seemingly involved and motivated developer- daily challenge with online leaderboards - totally unnecessary, but a nice feature nonethelessthe CONS:- lack of funding means the dev won't implement anymajorupdate to the game anymore- difficulty ramps up quite rapidly as you go down the ""dungeon"" levels- new players may feel a bit lost, past the tutorial levels, as there is a lot of ""strategizing"" in making a successful run, that you kinda have to learn by yourself. I thought it was alright, but I see a lot of people complaining, so it's probably worth mentioningIn conclusion I bought the game, I don't feel robbed, and I keep coming back to it, so I guess it qualifies as agood game™. All in all, I'd wholeheartedly recommend this one to anybody looking for a rogue-lite game with an original artistic approach and interesting gameplay."
,Recommended,327510,34332273,Posted: 18 August,all,Your Local C H O N C H O,Welcome to the O W N  Z O N E!
76561197985844012,Recommended,327510,34348609,Posted: 19 August,all,Supremefist,"Amazing game! Great first-person rogue-like! The game design is really good and the gameplay really pops! I thought some of the vaults could use a bit more variation, but overall it was thoroughly enjoyable. I appreciated the fact that I was actually able complete a rogue-like with a reasonable amount of effort! Highly recommend!"
,Recommended,327510,34242659,Posted: 14 August,all,rickyrooroo229,"Buy it if it's on sale. If not, don't even bother. It's a cool game if you like permadeath gimmicks, but not if you're just wanting to play a typical FPS game. If you're wanting a typical RPG experience, I wouldn't recommend this game. If you hate starting stats from square one when you die, I wouldn't recommend this game. If you would prefer a game that mixes Borderlands' aesthetics (Not Borderlands = Characters look like Chibis) and play style with Binding of Issac's dumbed down features,(Same way TBOI does things except you can stuff items you want to keep in a courier box after you get your first hangover by drinking radioactive alcohol when you clear your first cooler) then this is the game of your category."
,Recommended,327510,34746597,Posted: 4 September,all,Muffin Baking Warlord,"WASTED is what Fallout 3's gameplay wishes it was. While some aspects feel a little sparse, and the balance has some hiccups, WASTED is insanely fun and engaging and perfectly captures the gameplay you wanted to be there for exploring vaults in the 3D Fallout games. 10/10"
76561198364045687,Recommended,327510,32837558,Posted: 26 June,all,Zykon90,a time waster
,Recommended,327510,33640224,Posted: 18 July,all,⎛⎝SaltySatan⎠⎞,Welcome to the own zone ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!
,Recommended,327510,33650299,Posted: 19 July,all,SMC,"In my eye's the best fps roguelike shooter there is, Strafe is a close second.Build up your base, craft new items and gear, create and randomly find beer and cocktails to gain perks and abilities which all carries over to new game plus and beyond, a small town to buy, sell and get missions all before venturing into the ownzone where the meat of the game is.Updates keep coming from the dev who is very friendly to the to deal with, mod support to take things even further.Ticks all the boxes."
76561198085545931,Recommended,327510,33808235,Posted: 26 July,all,Metal Avenger,cooler
,Not Recommended,327510,35331256,Posted: 30 September,all,lulz,Laggy as hell
76561197990188583,Not Recommended,327510,23490219,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Sinatr,"The reason of downvote is S.O.B.It's basically a guy who appears shortly (yes shortly) after you enter new generated level and it will follow you and kill you, unless you find exit. This kills all similarities mentioned by other review (aka Fallout, Borderlands, name it), it's basically short rushy and not interesting game (because you can't go for better loot as you have to find exit, so you are not getting better enough gear), where you get Wasted and Wasted...There are also some wierd designs in game, like maximum items and 10 slots inventory (including weared items), feels too limited. While there is some variety and randomness it feels like this: stack, stack, stack.. skip, skip, skip.Inventory management is also a bit tedious (no automatic comparison, confusing intentory vs looting window functionality).Buy it only after you watch review and want to experience that.. I had my 3 hours of fun for 10 EUR (not really fair price).."
,Recommended,327510,31800243,Posted: 17 May,all,Glasseater,Buy this instead of STRAFE
76561198027824903,Not Recommended,327510,23462446,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Upuu,"TLDR: Wasted's gameplay is fun, but it has some key design flaws that make it, in my opinion, unplayable. You loose the majority of your progress when you die, you can ruin your save by killing NPCs, and you aren't allowed to explore due to the time limit system.Wasted is fun, solid, funny, dungeon crawling shooter. But it has some key design flaws that make it, in my opinion, unplayable.1. Most Importantly, you loose so, so much when you die.The game is semi-permadeth -- when your character dies, they're gone forever, but any items you've stashed stay in your stash. The problem with this is that the crux of the game is the 'level up' system, via Booze, is lost entirely upon death. Imagine it like this -- you're playing an MMO, and you've leveled up however far say, five hours got you. Then, you make a stupid mistake or get cocky (or in this case, misunderstand a game system and be irreconcialably punished for it), and you die. All your levels, and all your gear that wasn't stored in a bank is lost (to the game's credit, it does have a 'Lost and Found' system where you can buy back any rare gear you lost, albeit at a ridiculous price). Doesn't that sound ♥♥♥♥♥♥?Note: I realize there are games, such as Don't Starve, that have this mechanic and are still very successful. This difference between Wasted and Don't Starve is that in the latter, you are rewarded with experience when you die, there are safeguards available to revive you, and starting over is genuinly fun, and the former has none of those things going for it.2. No manual save or re-loadPretty self explanatory, but in a game where you can kill vital NPC characters, this is a problem. I wanted to see what would happen if you shot a nameless waster in the pub town, and it turns out the entire town turns on you, and  it autosaves the game the moment you do so, so I wasn't able to undo what I did.3. The 'Spelunky Ghost' systemI don't know what else to call this, but if your unfamiliar, basically it means that if you take too long on a level, an extremely powerful enemy chases you down. Now this doesn't sound like a problem, but if you take into account the fact that you will undoubtedly die if you explore the entire level, it kinda sucks. You really don't have any time to detour."
76561198123387283,Not Recommended,327510,34667970,Posted: 1 September,all,Mimi,"A blatent fallout parody that, while often hilarious, is poorly balanced.The mechanics are clearly not thought out and the result is repeated deaths where all manner of any progress you make can be utterly lost.The stacked deck is as follows-After three minutes on a floor an enemy with an automatic rifle and six times your health begins hunting you.-All items and money are lost upon death with the exception of special items with purple text.-Only ten item slots, this is problematic because if you survive a run you need to stash them at your shack.-The character customization is futile because once they dies another idiot replaces your avatar.IF one of these issues is made less severe then I may decide to play again but I doubt that this game was programed by more than one or two people at most."
76561198274006310,Recommended,327510,26106328,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Mr.Man-Man,"This game surprised me on how many hours I put In to It without noticing.Resons or such:better than Fallout 4(cheaper, more intense, not a cakewalk)you WILL be overconfident and die because of that and feel like a you were cheated but you just like the game enough that you will push on very sad and angry and become a god and die at thebossand feel more confident next time.the game puts on the vibe it wants so well that it will make you realize that Fallout 4 is not a RPG,(its a good Role Play Game)and the story is literally background icingconclusion: Drumroll please,drdrdrdrdrdrdrdrdrdrdrdrdr#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorBetter than Fallout 4,10/10,Game of Man year.ha made you look down here"
76561198060642916,Not Recommended,327510,23799945,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,EXTREMEPANTS,The only reason this game is classified as rogue-like is because they were too lazy to actually want to put any clear directions in the game
,Recommended,327510,23455027,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,GoldenUncle,"I don't have much gameplay yet, but so far I am really enjoying this game. It keeps you on your feet with quests and funny commentary. I look forward to  future updates that are added in the game."
76561198064481786,Not Recommended,327510,24280350,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,AHappyMogwai,"I like the game apart from one thing the SOB, in a game like this it seems like you would be encourage to take you time to scavenge for ammo and weapons and i think there should be a option to choose your play style a option to play quick paced and keep the SOB and another for those who want a more relaxed play through."
,Recommended,327510,23634620,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Highway Star,"This is a game I bought after seeing TotalBiscuit say he had no idea how to review it. I've loved the Souls series and games in that vien (oddly hated fallout for everything except it's narratives which I never really find that interesting.) I have isaac and never really enjoyed it. This game however I've loved. Thirteen hours of fun and Seven hours of Pain. That ""Pain"" is what everyone seems to hate. The Purifier in CA-1 seems to be a game breaker for some people. I love it.PurifiersThis is one of the biggest complaints. I can see why people don't like it but at the same time It's something that exists to make sure there is some punishment behind dawdling and taking everything extremely slowly. After a few minutes a BUZKILL PURIFIER will appear. Total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ him. Existing to ruin your fun and destroy you with a minigun. Except he's really weak for what people say. Almost any melee weapon or gun with an armor punchthrough of two is just fine for dispatching him.(https://youtu.be/Hz-EfAsQ_yA). The irony being you need a *lot* of patience to kill him. About two minutes for me using weapons from the first cooler and a lot of cat and mouse.  If it sounds annoying it is, however his gear gives you a -10% to all damage if you wear the full set, and +1,+4,+3, to certain stats. It's really good and you *always* get it along with seventy bullets and his gun.KnockbackWhen hit by a gun the knockback is basically moon gravity multiplied by a million. You can't access your inventory, reload, shoot, or move while this is happening. *It is annoying* but you *can do it to the enemies as they do to you.*  An enemy with an SMG will destroy you as fast as you destroy them. There is a stat system like fallout, armor however is a direct *you take this much less damage* and can be negative. I don't believe it makes you take Zero damage, but it does negate the problems you'll have with enemies that will juggle you. Unless of course there are multiple in which case have fun seeing ""Turned to mush"" on your screen.*Pro tip : ALT+F4 allows save-scumming.* Again , you can negate fall damage, there are hangovers which do so,  and some buzzes which do.Buzzes + HangoversPossibly the best/worst/WHAT THE F#$% inducing part is definetly the hangovers and buzzes. A buzz is a temp. buff that lasts as long as you are in the Cooler, they can be as bad as Halfing your health, to subtracting a stat by Five. To as good as dealing 1.5x more damage, Plus  Five to a stat, take -75% to damage from X direction, Regen 5 HP every three seconds.  They are the BEST. You can get a ""daily"" (In game) buzz from a barkeep, it's just one you take knowing what it is and you have the choice of doing so or not.*Hangovers* are the run resets, the rouge-like part of this game. ""Reset"" for a free buff/debuff, keep all your gear and ""aquired"" loot. There is no way (other than an optional thing in the first cooler) to remove these unless you Die. So taking one like 'Splosive Sidecar (BOOM whenever things die about 50 damage) or Bruised Brandy (+10% To all damage taken) is SERIOUSLY a bad idea.Bugs -AI have an annoying thing as knowing where you are at all times and tend to walk towards you, which can be abusedIt's funny but the dev should find a way to prevent exploitation of the AI by jumping on beds, or by standing in a corner, causing the purifier to spaz out trying to decide between two doors.TL;DRIt's a great game, however if you don't like GOING FAST or STRUGGLING ONLY TO WIN eventually, you'll hate this. It'll be another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game to you."
,Recommended,327510,28621589,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Wojtek,Great game full of funny moments.
,Recommended,327510,23456545,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,NicolasT'Fuggit.,I love it.
76561198119715693,Recommended,327510,24102336,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Bleep Bloop,Wasted is one of the most addicting games I've played this year. You get to shoot n' loot stupid drunks while being a stupid drunk.
76561197978806630,Recommended,327510,24058779,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Puma~(˘▾˘~),Let me pay you for DLC. This game is beyond fun and I want to play more!
,Recommended,327510,23546043,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Decretum,"Click new game.See car driving offroad like a boss.Guy steps outChar customisation? ♥♥♥♥ yeah.Spend some time making me character look like a mutant.DoneGet hold up by 3 guys.Rip & Serve.My♥♥♥♥♥♥gets stolen.Oh so this is the tutorial. That's nice.Finish tutorial with like 2 clicks.This game is pretty easy.Start exploring the 'Cooler'Kill some dudes and some dogs.Syndicate of Buzzkill starts invading? Dafuq is this Darksouls?Dafuq is this guys problem.Get minigunned to death.Start over. With a random made char.N0000000000000.Rinse and Repeat.Also for some reason when eating Junkfood you become slow as ♥♥♥♥ for like 10 seconds. Much realism, such wow. Many calories.All in all pretty fun game if you don't mind getting your♥♥♥♥♥mowed down by some ♥♥♥♥tard with a minigun."
,Recommended,327510,23462959,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Admiral Nutbar,"I'm not usually one to play roguelike games very much, but WASTED is one of the few I've been following for a while, and it's totally RIGHTEOUS, man.OVERVIEW:WASTED is a Procedurally Generated Dungeon Crawler Roguelike. (Yeah that's right, a ""PGDCR"") It takes place in a post-apocolyptic future where buzzed out wasters scavenge for Booze. Unfortunately any remaining hooch lies deep within these futuristic dungeons the wasters call ""Coolers"" Every bad guy in the Western Wastes is out for the sauce...and so are you.GAMEPLAY THOUGHTS:The gunplay in the game is pretty alright, though sometimes I feel like the hit detection can be a little iffy. I feel like I've seen my bullets go straight through an enemy without them taking any damage, but that might be a combo of low level weapons, aim debuffs and stats in general.Melee weapons on the other hand are odd. I swear I was knocking an enemy around with a crowbar and they were taking zero damage. It wasn't until I gave them a moment to run around again was I able to finish them off. So just be careful when using a melee weapon, because that would be a most unsavory way to bite the dust.The hangover buff/debuff is pretty reminicent of The Binding of Isaac's pill items, where you find nameless hipflasks of liquid courage to quaff down. It can be good or bad, mostly the latter, but I think that's what gives the game it's spice. There are bottles of labed Booze you'll find rarely around and at the end of coolers that give a very specific and character permanent buff/debuff. Again, can be good or bad, or can even be a mix!Of course, one more thing I have to mention is the S.O.B Purifier. Y'see, every level of the Cooler there's a timer. I'm not sure how much time or if it changes the deeper you go, but at the end of the timer an S.O.B Purifier will show up and he'll basically hunt you down and shred you to pieces with a minigun. Think of the ghost from Spelunky, but unlike the ghost from spelunky, I hear you can kill him! He's pretty easy to escape from though, so not bad.ART & MUSIC:The graphics are really nice and stylized. Of course the first thought that comes to mind is a Fallout game mixed with Borderlands and that's not too far off I guess. Everyone in the game always has a funny expression, though I will admit that in the heat of a gun battle inside a Cooler, having the enemy's huge melon head get all up close and personal with you is a little jarring...At least for me.The music is really, really good. The music when you're deep in the Cooler is nice and isn't unpleasant when hearing it over and over again. Basically just think of Spelunky HD, those nice synthy tunes. The music you hear passing by radios really compliments the game too.ENDING THOUGHTS:This game is really challenging and at times pretty brutal, but that's just the nature of these types of randomized games. Though the humor in the game really helps counterbalance the difficulty, plenty of the cheesetastic jokes I dig.Overall I totally recommend this game, excellent purchase. Especially at the price it's at now! C'mon, Go for it!"
,Recommended,327510,23972831,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Lemonaide,"The game has been addicting nonstop fun, at times.... I dont know how many times I have just had to turn on off the game after being killed and having to start over and recollect the loot and other items I forgot to leave at my house just incase I don't come back. A hard game, gosh, can't play it for too long."
,Recommended,327510,23443281,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Freakydemon,If you like roguelites I guess.[REFUNDED]
,Recommended,327510,24037487,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,murph,"FPS, roguelike with looting.   Sounds good to me, and I watched lets plays before purchasing so I knew what I was getting into.  I enjoy playing, but unfortunlatey the inability to save is a big negative.  There is no way to save the game and no real mechanic for stat progression.  Everything is lost upon death, and there is seemingly no way to 'clear' vaults (even the dev has mentioned in forums that they designed floors to be endless and eventually impossible).  For roguelikes, there needs to be some form of progression and/or unlocking of skills, etc.  Again Great gameplay, but unfortunately doesn't have lasting appeal once you realize you are not progressing and there is no end."
,Recommended,327510,23460788,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,papa_bless,"Amazing mix of Fallout theme with borderlands cartoonishness and humor. Fun battles and rougelike stuff. Funny how the sign on the house keeps changing. Way better than I thought it would be, scratched that gaming itch ive been having. Now I just need to find time to play more."
,Recommended,327510,23459833,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,GUNNER REPTILE,challenging and fun expect to die this game is not for those that get frustrated to easily...
76561198036393876,Recommended,327510,23511684,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,The Grand Mugwump,"Wasted is pretty awesome.If that's not enough, then imagine if Fallout and Borderlands had a child who wants to grow up to be a rogue-like.  Finally add in some Idiocracy brand humor and you will have Wasted.  The combination works together well.Gameplay revolves around delving through procedurally generated levels in a dilapidated, mutant and waster filled bunker hunting for better loot and, more importantly, radioactive booze.  The player can't leave the bunker until they find booze, so the game lives up to its creed quite literally.  ""Get wasted or get wasted trying.""  Booze offers various permanent bonuses and penalties, which can make character building interesting as well as adding a ""do I escape now with my loot but move slower or keep going with low health?"" aspect if one can only find bad booze.Combat is fun, but it can be frustrating at times. Everything can cause knockback to various degrees, and if someone is knocked back enough, they can't act until they recover.  Works great when you pin someone else to a wall, but it can be visited back on the player as well.  Guns and melee weapons offer differing styles of play, though melee feels a bit weak currently."
,Recommended,327510,23680974,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Kerberos,"A fun, minimalist, Fallout-esque rogue-like with a good mix of humor, challenge, and silly story. Also, cheap and very actively developed at this time."
,Recommended,327510,23440867,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,McSpiffy,I'm pretty sure this is the fallout 5 beta
76561198077423453,Recommended,327510,23844843,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,JAY-RAD!,"amazing game my only complaint is how much i rage when i die, well done adult swim"
,Recommended,327510,24736827,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,LifePuzzler,i hope bethesda next fallout is as good as this game.
76561198062481186,Recommended,327510,26188544,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,MrSawkou,"Guns, Toilet paper and Radioactive Booze.You don't need to know more..."
,Recommended,327510,26892573,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MassivePARANOiA,This game is great and also I like it a lot
,Recommended,327510,23682922,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Old Hat,"Gameplay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NDN_Yctv2-M&list=PLyAglVrRI36u51l217NPQ2Oro0gahEzGPYou've probably seen Wasted being advertised on Adult Swim recently. If you're like me, you probably hold a stigma against games coming from Adult Swim. I've always had the misconception that the games advertised were shameless cash grabs, but Wasted has turned that assumption of mine upside down.Everything Wasted does oozes style and humor. On its surface it seems like it's ripping off Fallout's setting, but where it sets itself apart is how it takes any given idea from Fallout and twists, stretches, and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥izes it to the most absurd satire. Caps have been replaced by toilet paper as the currency of the post-apocalyptic world, reasoning that it's the most valuable commodity since no one wants to wipe their♥♥♥♥♥with their bare hands after all.The gameplay feels like the perfect blend of Spelunky and Fallout. You start with only the shirt on your back and a dinky pistol that any card carrying NRA member would be embarrassed to be within the same zip code of. You're shoved into a dungeon, a ""cooler"", essentially the analogue of the vaults of Fallout. Your goal? Reach the bottom floor. Alternatively you could find some of the radioactive booze in the cooler to chug and receive permanent buffs to your character, though doing so will cause you to black out and wake up back in your hideout.If you manage to find your way back to town, you can stash any of your belongings and your TP in containers peppered around your home in case you die in the cooler. Death in the cooler results in all of your loot being lost and starting over again with only the items you started with or things remaining in your stash. When in town you also have the opportunity to take your TP to one of the three shops in town. One shop will let you purchase special booze emulating those you would find in the cooler, though you can only have one of these special drinks each run. Another shop will let you purchase random items though they are a bit on the expensive side. Lastly, there is the Courier shop. During your gameplay you're going to run across items whose names are colored purple. These items are not lost on death, but are instead collected by the couriers who place them in a lost and found inventory for you to repurchase, though they are much more expensive than other items.Inside the dungeon, you're going to want to explore the randomized layouts thoroughly to better equip yourself and earn as much TP as you can, but be warned. You're heavily encouraged not to linger around long, or else some S.O.B., a member of the ""Syndicate of Buzzkills"", is going to show up at the beginning of the floor and slowly pursue you. S.O.B.s are very dangerous and impractical to fight, sporting over 500 hp and a minigun that will stunlock you until you're Swiss cheese. They are not impossible to defeat but until you acclimate yourself to the game you'll want to avoid them, as killing one involves guerrilla tactics in a circular path, and probably a concrete brick or two.I've already clocked 14 hours in the game and have just now made it through the first cooler. I plan on many more hours to come. If I had to point out a few flaws with the game, one would be the hit scan nature of the enemies. If an enemy has line of sight to you and is aware of you, you're going to eat a few bullets. A second issue I have is the amount of stun that the enemies can cause. Being hit by most bullets will stagger you. While staggered you're not able to move or return fire. This means there are going to be situations where you round a corner and are immediately held in place while numerous enemies take you out with no opportunity to fight back without being outright killed.To sum things up, this game is a definite purchase, and at $12.99 (6/21/2016) it's a steal."
,Recommended,327510,23715261,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,V.Jurkovski,"An FPS/RPG hybrid with a tongue-in-cheek sense of humour, WASTED Is the best roguelite shooter to date. If you played the newer Fallouts, you will feel right at home.Combat is highly enjoyable. The knockback system works well with different types of weapons, allowing rapidfire guns to stunlock and shotguns/melee to fling enemies away. It applies to the player too, so watch out! Because of it, the guns and melee weapons feel very enjoyable to use. And the sounds and visuals make blowing off crotches and heads very satisfying, with enemies exploding in a shower of blood and TP. The enemy variety is good too. Melee and ranged humanoids, robots, mutants and they can have champion modifiers, which make them tougher.The levels themselves are randomly generated and filled with a plethora of traps, enemies and goodies. It's overwhelming at first, but once you start seeing the patterns, it's hard to get lost.Character progression is done through gear and hangovers. Gear can be looted from dead enemies(who drop everything they wear), crafted, recieved as quest rewards and taken from bosses. Said gear can then be modified. Hangovers are similar to perks in other games and you get them by drinking radioactive booze found in the dungeons. Gear provides mostly S.H.O.T.S(stat system) boosts and a few unique perks. Hangovers provide S.H.O.T.S boosts as well, but also unique abilities, such as slowing down time midair and boosting your damage during multikills.You also have a house, which you can upgrade as a reward for completing dungeons. There are both aesthetic and functional upgardes and you can't get them all in one run.Graphically, the game is unique, while clearly drawing inspiration from the Borderlands. The art style is quirky and endearing and since it's so stylized the game looks great even on low settings.The sounds are great. The weapons sound meaty, you can use the sounds to detect enemies and the voice acting is great. Oh and the soundtrack is absolutely phenomenal."
,Not Recommended,327510,23463161,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,zenbacon,Booted up the game. The window screen for the game gets stuck at a size that can't be modified so it hangs outside of view.Try to play anyway.Choose to keep my inventory within first dialogue screen.Screen goes black and can't go to menu or do anything.This thing sucks.
76561198203923499,Not Recommended,327510,33302772,Posted: 5 July,all,Yeah Boy,you would have more fun with a dried S.H.I.T on a stick
,Recommended,327510,23678039,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,[A.] KSib,Heavily inspired by fallout and just a pretty good rogue-lite game. Take your time with it and you will make some good progress. If you start out trying to go too fast you're gonna have a bad time.
,Recommended,327510,23458106,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,get them puppy,"game has a lot of promise, but needs more early-on content like more varied rooms"
76561197982196124,Recommended,327510,23454174,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Rhod,"This game feels and plays better than fallout 4, nuff' said ;)"
76561198019745467,Recommended,327510,23691298,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,MysticalEric,"A very fun and rewarding game. WASTED manages to be an engaging experience without resorting to XP bars or skill trees to convey a sense of progress.While the game gives you many oppurtunities to stockpile essential equipment and abilities, it remains entirely possible to complete a dungeon run with a complete blank slate of a character. Experience of the enemies you will encounter, the gear you may find and the usual layout of the generated levels are usually all you need to excel. Every life is a chance to progress and every death is a hard lesson learnt."
,Recommended,327510,23441948,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,chase,Fps drops during loading.Fps drops firing a shotgun.Very fun game when it's running at 60 fps otherwise.
,Recommended,327510,23462865,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,cody the poor,i LOVEEEEEEEEEE THIS GAME man im a little upset i cant have my first person back but he will live on... oh wait no he wont :] ohhhhhhh well i was really happy to play this game then that♥♥♥♥♥hat with the biiiiiiiiiiig ol gun came up almost killed him tell he pinned me to a wall :{     butttttttttttttt I WILL HAVE MY VENGEANCE                                    over all great game its hard but mot to hard andddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd CRAZY FUN.                                SO KEEP ON UPDATEING THIS CRAZY GAME
76561198021477857,Recommended,327510,23490860,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Jackie Chan,"This game looked like a roguelike fallout, so I bought it.Turns out. IT IS A ROGUELIKE FALLOUT (/dungeon crawler) . And it's pretty good.It can take you some tries to really figure out how to proceed in a dungeon run though.But that's with most roguelike games. If you're the kind of guy who likes roguelikes and fallout, then I think you'll pretty much like this."
,Recommended,327510,24097169,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Davidsgames,Spent 10 hours getting the best character. Died from a smg trap on floor 3 of the first cooler.10/10 would die again
,Recommended,327510,23448147,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,RustyLung(ScaryEyes),"You live, you die, you live again.Instead of chrome to keep you going though, it's booze.It's a metaphor for life I guess."
76561198242346682,Recommended,327510,23461035,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,king marik,"not a review kinda guy the only reviews i give are on my youtube videos. but this game its been a long time since iv played a borderlands type of game and fall out in one hole thing id recomned this to anyone who likes looting, speed runs, killing stuff, more looting... im sure you get it the only thing that would make it better is if there was a multi player function so you can play the dungeons with friends to make it even more exciting id give 8/10 id give 10 if there was a muti player function added! Hopefully there will be in the future!!!"
76561198108948721,Recommended,327510,23565893,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,[Baka]Pug,Walked on a brick died...10/10 Would Trip On A Brick Again
,Recommended,327510,23562890,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Will™,i dont feel like writing a good but the game is good
,Recommended,327510,24453079,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Athetos,"It's like Fallout: New Vegas, except faster and without having to go halfway across the world becasue you didn't find a location to mark for fast travel and the game crashing every five minutes on a loading screen and not running on a poopy engine that sucks that I hate"
76561197971598382,Recommended,327510,23471877,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Left Clompton,"A Dystopian future past where fanny packs never went out of style.Dont let the bad reviews fool you, the S.O.B's have been nerf'd and they were never a big problem to begin with. This game favors speed and accuracy over exploration and if this isn't your thing, well it isn't your thing. Besides that Wasted is a refreshing take on a rouge-like. Well worth the asking price.11/10 would fanny pack again"
,Recommended,327510,23472780,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,fleshwad,"AWESOME GAME OMG SO WORTH IT, LOVING EVERY SECOND OF IT!! THE ART IS AMAZING, THE VOICE ACTORS ARE AMAZING. REALLYY GREAT GAME. (:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HCfVsxNdIt4"
,Recommended,327510,23454622,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,black crazy ant,its pretty fun inlil bursts
,Recommended,327510,23457082,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Rendellnova,Bought the game and already spend 6hrs of my life on it gg
,Not Recommended,327510,28973062,Posted: 3 January,all,dudeanonymous,"I have to be honest. I had completely different expectations for this game from watching the preview with no sound and the name of the game. I imagined a game in which you can just run around guns blazing and not care about much other than killing and getting booze. The game has a large requirement to both get through dungeons quickly and somewhat sneakily, but in my opinion sneaking has no place in this game. However, I don't like stealth games and it really bothers me when games implement a sneak function that seems out of place to me."
76561198094325915,Not Recommended,327510,33476437,Posted: 12 July,all,ボット Bastian,"Just get fallout, any fallout.Its not that bad, but all it is is a roguelike of 1 randomized fallout vualt.It lacks everything good about fallout, no story, temp perks, so far i've only come across 3 ""quests"" one being the starting tutorial, and the game in genreal is dull, with no depth.Getting stun locked to death by SOB purifyer or blown up by a random explosive barrel is not fun, and after dying for the first time the game gives u a random character no longer allowing u to customize them.But i guess its a great game to play once in a while drunk."
76561198001462173,Recommended,327510,23498136,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Notice Me Senpai!!!,"I have to upvote this because of the sheer number of downvotes simply because of the S.O.B. He Creates a great level of tension, and at least in my case, forces you to work your way through the dungeon quickly, aka if you try to sneak the whole time you better B-line for the exit, or you will get caught in a side passage and die. Trying to shave time off of corridors, and gunfights, to trade for exploration and stealth, is constantly engaging.For real best game I've played in a long time. My only real complaint is the perma-death. I understand why its a thing, and i like the fact that you can retrieve lost legendaries, but I'm nine hours in and none of my characters have survived hangover three (I'm really good at backing into explosive barrels). I wish there was a mode where I just lost my money and Items, or could buy extra lives with TP, or previously gained perks back, something. I still have scalps, I'll trade those for stuff. :)"
,Recommended,327510,23539017,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Leezeebub,I dont remember much but I think I had fun...8/8 would get wasted again.
76561198288677575,Recommended,327510,23456984,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Mizakit Ioni,"Beer and guns, guns and beer"
,Recommended,327510,23531490,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,master basterd,good♥♥♥♥♥game
76561198066984911,Recommended,327510,23511097,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,The Dildrone,I just got a buff that means I can snipe people across the room with a shotgun.
76561197993295672,Recommended,327510,23951045,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Cheesehead,"My first playthrough was amazing. I fussed around making the perfect starting character. I then finished the tutorial, which is an accomplishment as exciting as puting your socks on in the morning. I entered the first room, which was a bathroom, and stepped on a mine. I got tossed accrossed the room, alterted a dog and 2 guys with guns, and died in a stall with no TP.Hilarious.This game has a ton of atmosphere, lots of content, and just feels right.The ""being hunted"" mechanic is irritating at first, but presents a refreshing change of pace. The level design is such that it is ok to miss things. Having all the time in the world to check things out wouldn't add to the appeal. Grab what you can and keep moving. The maps are generated, and are varied just enough to stay interesting at the pace the game presents itself.The game isn't for sight seerers. Its design is all about getting to the booze. Its a clever idea, and the game pulls it off. You are a Waster, not a hoarder. Your life isn't worth much, and getting attached to your character is a bad idea. The way the game feels, your character isn't even attached to himself.You get wasted, or you get wasted...  Fun stuff."
,Recommended,327510,33531290,Posted: 14 July,all,Fehlnir,A story about your life.
,Recommended,327510,23488286,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,K. D. Bones,"From Adult Swim comes a game that's much different than you would expect from the company of the commercial bump. Wasted is balls to the wall hard rogue-like perma-death game where you vent out, grab irradiated booze, help a♥♥♥♥♥♥that sounds like Richard Nixon from Futurama and get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you by the PWN Squad when you sit around in a corner like a LITTLE ♥♥♥♥♥.Currently sub 10$ and 100% worth it."
,Recommended,327510,23534461,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Mukky,"it's like Fallout met Binding of Issac, and eveyone was drunk"
76561197977060014,Recommended,327510,30963346,Posted: 5 April,all,137255137255,"This game is so much fun!  Buy it while it's on sale!!!!! It's so worth it!!!If you happen to miss the sale, and are looking for a fun romp, I'd still say it's worth the $13 price tag."
76561198293825824,Recommended,327510,31028428,Posted: 8 April,all,unholy jeff,good
76561198096058446,Recommended,327510,23808386,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Slendy,"Its a surprisising good dungeon crawler. I expected it to just be another clone of one but it stood out after i completed it and wanted me to come back for more, despite that the art is amazing and i only expierenced minor bugs/glitches but except from thats its amazing and i cant recommend it more."
76561197970594543,Recommended,327510,23959181,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Donitz,"WASTED is a fun, cheap, and cheap roguelike first-person shooter. It's a blast to play when you aren't being ruthlessly slung around by exploding barrels or permastunned/instakilled by turrets placed in front of doors.Getting killed in WASTED resets all your characters stats back to the point you were several hours ago. The only progres you keep are the items you weren't wearing when you died. You know, the items not worth carrying around.I love and I hate this game."
76561197965396869,Recommended,327510,23945180,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Macdallan,"I'll start this off with - it's fairly fun, and looks okay for what it is.  I find most Unity games have something odd about the way they play, look and feel.  This one is no different, but someone spent a lot of effort on it and that shows.  I enjoy the graphics even though they aren't fantastic.  The weapon variety is okay and there are a good number of different types of weapons.  Some of the bonuses on certain weapons and gear make sense and are fun.  Plus, it's like playing Escape from LA and Escape from New York - the game.  Post apoc. 1980s.So, before you read my gripes - I'm glad I bought it and I'm glad I was able to support another decent indie dev.I've already played it more than I thought I would, and I like it more than I thought I would.  I do have some issues with the way the game plays, the way combat works and a few other things but overall, I'd recommend this as long as you know the game's not perfect, it's quirky and it has some issues.I find the fact that I can only hold one stack of any given type of item very annoying.  If I have a pistol, I want pistol ammo.  Multiple stacks of it.  If I have room for a stack of shotgun shells, I have room for another stack of pistol ammo instead.  If I need to collect 10 of an item for a crafting project, but can only carry 5 in a stack even if I have several open inventory spaces then I question the reasoning behind the inventory system design.  I feel it's an artificial limit to make the game ""harder"", but I could be wrong.Running back and forth in the player's home to move crafting materials around is busy work and waste of time.  All items should be accessable at crafting stations if you put them in the main stash - just to save time picking up five of an item at a time and running back and forth over and over.  Fixing the previous item I mentioned would help with this a bit.I don't enjoy that there are stat or skill boosts are on items.  I'm not sure why, but I don't like it.  I'd prefer a skill and stat system where I picked my stats and skills.  I'd be okay if they were random at the beginning so yoi'd have to adjust play style to each character's strengths.  I'd like it if I could slowly improve skills or stats through use - whether via levels, experience, stat points gained every floor or, well, anything but the way it works now.The weapons.  Some of the early firearms are way, way too weak.  I can punch a guy out in two hits, and he's dead, but if I unload 6-10 shots into him he keeps coming like nothing happened.  The starter pistols all seem to do 1 to 2 damage, wheras basic melee weapons do a bit more, and often kill the weaker enemies in one hit if you hit them with one power attack.The booze.  I know the whole point of the game is the booze - but the flasks that aren't marked are often terrible so I avoid 'em like the plague.  And I can't pick them up to use them later, or sell them to the bartender.  The end-level-pass-out-immediately-and-go-back-home booze is often benificial, but at least you SEE what your options are before you drink those.  But... how do you get back home?  You pass out and teleport home?  Why can't I get back to where I left off?  Gotta grind through the first chunk of the cooler every single time.  It sometimes gets a bit too grind-tastic for me.The game menus are okay, not perfect but they work.  The interface could use some work - like if I find a bag (bags give more inventory space) then I should be able to equip it without removing another item first.  Speaking of gear - I think that I should be able to set my gear's quick number keys from the loot screen so I don't have to loot, exit, enter inventory, hit the corresponding # key then exit the screen again.  Clunky.You can't unload firearms.  If there's a way to do it, I haven't found it.  I usually just fire all the rounds, drop the gun and equip the next one if I'm worried about ammno.  Seriously though - f I can reload it, I should be able to unload it as well and use that mag or those rounds in another firearm of the same type.So, yeah, recommend - with the usual caveat.  Know what you're buying, get it on sale and, for goodness sakes - don't stand in the green puddles."
,Recommended,327510,31757544,Posted: 14 May,all,Potato,I HATEEEEEEE!!! HATE HATEEEE WHEN THE ENEMYS EXPLODE  THATS SUCH A BAD GAME MECH other than that fun game really hard and got some funny moments i still recommend this game either way
,Not Recommended,327510,34226929,Posted: 13 August,all,Dunsparce Meta,"So I bought this game on a sale for $2.59 and I'm not particularly impressed. I usually think highly of Adult Swim Games because a few of my played games and ones on my wishlist were made by them so I expected this to be great. While this game stays true to the Rogue-lite/Rogue/like style with Fallout gameplay, it's not exactly done well. There is way too much down time and the combat feels flat. There is no reward for killing enemies other than garbage armor or weapons that you already have. I was bored within the first half-hour of gameplay, only reason I have more playtime is because I opened it and then got distracted by a Youtube video. Another problem is that if you run out of can openers a locked door can literally make it impossible to continue. This happened to me and that's where my boredom took over and I decided to refund. I love the idea of this game but it could've been done so much better and I'm somewhat disappointed in the Adult Swim Games team."
,Recommended,327510,23485834,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,The Fifth Wallfacer,Better than Fallout 4.
,Not Recommended,327510,34176853,Posted: 11 August,all,Kind Buddy,I would really like to play this game without an invincible boss chasing me. I hate that kind of mechanic.
,Not Recommended,327510,26091795,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Genebris,"Seems like a good game, but for me it's absolutely killed with a few really misc mistakes. HUD is huge, it covers my entire screen and there is no option to scale it, the game freezes sometimes, blood and shot effects also cover entire screen making it impossible to orient in battle and it's just a real pain to use your inventory, it really needs proper item icons and slots for armor/weapon."
76561198043522334,Not Recommended,327510,34228719,Posted: 13 August,all,Tops,Just buy S.T.R.A.F.E. if this Isn't on sale.
,Not Recommended,327510,31071170,Posted: 10 April,all,bfRheostat,"Sadly, refunded the game.It seemed to me as a really good game with mix of Borderlands and Fallout with the rogue-lite elements. But, optimization problems caused constant FPS drops even indoors. Also, as gameplay, i didn't like the inventory system even a bit. It's not user-friendly.Idea was simple but good enough. Wished to play and enjoy. I hope another group/developer will release a better game like this.p.s: I can't say ""avoid this game"". I recommend to wait for a discount and try it for yourself."
,Not Recommended,327510,26172103,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Lord Cerbera Odollam,"Great if you enjoy a repetitive mess of retardation and substance abuse jokes that has very little intelligent humor and just recycles jokes that we've all heard before. Other than that, I'm very displeased with the bait and switch, obviously you're going to die, but you get to make a character at first and then you expect that you're going to be allowed to keep them, but nope, instead the game practically gives you the finger and sticks you with some random bum ♥♥♥♥, who you couldn't give two ♥♥♥♥♥ about, not that you did to begin with, but it'd be nice to not have all of the time that was spent in character creation literally be for nothing."
,Not Recommended,327510,31574342,Posted: 5 May,all,Fusion Zamasu,"After coming across a glitch that killed me in my own house while I was using the bathroom and costing me well over a weeks worth of runs I cannot in good faith recommend this game to anyone in it's present state, maybe it was from collecting too many hangovers or something and the game couldn't process what was going on or whatever the case may be, but I don't like having tons of work ripped away from me in a ""safe zone"".Due to the game breaking bug, I refuse to give this game more than a 2/10.It still looks like the game is being updated in some fashion so maybe this game crippling bug will get fixed, but till that day this game has been shelved until this game breaking bug is taken care of.Get on sale only, like 75% off."
76561197997131973,Not Recommended,327510,28160162,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,FridayManul,"This could be a great game but the roguelike aspect is just too grindy and punishing to the point that I'm unable to progress in game to new content. I refuse to have to go through the first boring 6 floors for a millionth time to be able to get to the newer stuff just to die there. Why isn't the administration room after the sixth floor used as a checkpoint to which I could return straight away is beyond me. If I'd wanted to improve my character a bit before, that would again mean to grind first 6 floors just to get to the positive hungovers, because there are none after first 3 floors, just negative ones. Drinking unmarked flasks is also useless, because they often give you such negative effect rather than positive, that can ruin your entire run. Gameplay itself is addicting and fun but what good is it for when you can't progress."
,Recommended,327510,28311074,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Nugget,This game is a gem and anyone who doesn't like it is a fool.These kind of cult-classic games are once in a lifetime.Everyone should play this at least once.I wish I could recommend this twice.
,Not Recommended,327510,29108297,Posted: 7 January,all,Lord Hayati,"WASTEDTeel deer: An unfair game with many limits in many ways. good graphics, but little else. not really worth it.WASTED is a Semi decent permadeath FPS ""dungeon"" crawler, parodying Fallout, the 80's, with a dash of the graphical style from borderlands. Now, The person who made this game, Mr Podunkian, is known for STREEMERZ, of the Action 52 owns project, which was actually a very good retraux game (playable on a NES, no less).While my computer is a semi potato, I experienced extreme lag on the Limited overworld areas, and such. This is pretty consistent with what other people said, so I assume its not just me.The music, which is again, Limited, is actually very 80's esque, and would definitely fit right in. Of course, you only get to hear the actual songs if a boom box is nearby, or you get an item that allows you to listen to it.One of the main problems of this game is the LIMITS. right from the getgo, you start out with 10 inventory spaces. and from there, you can get 3 fanny packs (bum, sideslung, and regular) to increase that to 16, which is not enough for the stuff you'll have. not to mention, you can't have multiples of some items, because why the **** not. that means you have to desprately rotate your stock of healing items, pizzas, liquified bread, and taters to make sure you don't die.and all for a good bottle of beer to drink. Now, the perks on the beers are pretty cool (except for the starter ones, which are basically Get the heck outta heres)... except that once you die, you have to reobtain them all over again.you can store goods in your house, but you can only store what you have on you, plus up to 6 (later 8) items you put in a box. Most of the time, most of the stuff you have on you is pretty much required for surviving in floors 7-10 in EVERY cooler you face.Thats what makes it so difficult and unfair. the game throws so much cheap shots at you, that its difficult to get an actual foothold, unless you intentionally farm out multiple characters. from zombie machinegunners that can easily stunlock you, to landmines that blend in well with the ground, to traps that can One Hit Kill WITHOUT NOTICE, and you have an unfair and difficult game.Oh, that character you named at the beginning? he gets replaced with RANDOM ones. that you can't rename unless you get a perk from defeating one of the coolers.So yeah, All in all, I would say pass on this, unless you're wanting a challenge."
76561198043140789,Not Recommended,327510,23514025,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Arisilde,Shallow game with annoying elements and the dev is kind of an arrogant♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,327510,34180302,Posted: 11 August,all,IVih,gg
,Recommended,327510,23524418,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Major Awesome,"Don't buy this game if you're a salty loser.Game is challenging and you will lose all your stuff you're carrying on you except for unique items, which you can buy back from a merchant in town."
,Not Recommended,327510,31341776,Posted: 24 April,all,☠WhiteBeard⚜BlackWolf☠,"I was excepting a Fallout rogue-like dungeon crawler game but by a indie developer.Something that would be good.Hell I was wrong, the gameplay, the mechanics, everything is bad,There doesn't seems to be enough content either.If you want to play a good post-apocalyptic game, get back to Fallout or S.T.A.L.K.E.R.If you want to play a good dungeon-cralwer/rogue-like game then look on the internet, there are many but this one isn't good.I'm giving it a 5/10 because it could be better than what it is now, I'd give it a ""neutral"" but we can't so I'm giving it a negative feedback, why a neutral you would say? Some people may like it more than I do, It's not that bad actualy, but it has a lot of flaws.5/10"
,Not Recommended,327510,34176341,Posted: 11 August,all,MonsterPastry,"Okay, so years ago I found out about this game while looking for new ones to play.But this is basically fallout. Or a knockoff version of it,except not. But I found so many things about this and Fallout similar.You have these different 'skills' like Tinkerin', which I guess was associated with the lockpicking system where you had to decrease the door difficulty with CAN OPENERS until you could break open the door by attacking.Based on how I found out about this (my search for RANDOM LOOT DO YOU NOT KNOW WHAT I MEAN) I figured every weapon I would come across would be different. Instead I started with the same Father's Rusty Pistol and found multiple Die Pistols in the first levels of the Cooler.Oh yeah, the game didn't seem like an open-world game, despite there being a STORY FOR YOU TO GO THROUGH and quests.Also, when you die, there's no coming back to an autosave. You get a new randomly generated character (THAT'S THE ONLY 'RANDOM' THING I SAW IN THIS GAME) to play as, who takes over your personal house (which you don't even know you have)That was my experience with this game, and I have learned to look into games that seem interesting."
,Not Recommended,327510,34228563,Posted: 13 August,all,Hawkeye,"The difficulty of this game is brutal.  There is no saving.  Everything is perma-death.  Oh, and a monster robot with a gattling gun hunts you down if you take too long unlocking doors.  Then you run into a room full of people run out of ammo and die. This is not super fun and is an obvious Fallout ripoff.  It could have been fun if they introduced a few npcs to buy weapons and armor as well as saving."
76561198127106365,Recommended,327510,27141145,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,kurt_gervo,The S.O.B isn't that Hark guys
,Recommended,327510,33895049,Posted: 29 July,all,Blackjester,Yes
,Not Recommended,327510,24472851,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,|UNiT| Sandman,"Do not buy this game.  It is quite enjoyable, with interesting mechanics and an oddball but enjoyable sense of humour.However there is currently a bug, that the developer is aware of, that will cause you to stick on the load screen of an early level ~50% of the time.  This creates an extremely frustrating experience for the user so I wouldn't spend your money until it's fixed."
76561198006725384,Not Recommended,327510,34183595,Posted: 11 August,all,Krotchey,"I have no idea how this stupid game works. First you sit through an infinite set of deadpan boring cutscenes for what feels like an hour, then you make a character and get some cool starting stuff like a gun and crowbar, then you go in the dungeon die basically instantly.. then your character is deleted and you lose all your items. Now the game makes a new character for you, gives you none of the cool items you started with last time, and you go back to the same dungeon.. die instantly again.. and... that's the game I guess.. weee ton of fun. I think next time I'll just save steam the trouble and smash myself in the nuts for 30 minutes"
,Not Recommended,327510,30984304,Posted: 6 April,all,Haakonsson,no i wanted a fun game not a really bad game with NO GRAPHICS OPTIONS
,Not Recommended,327510,31121070,Posted: 13 April,all,Cobavnij_V4,Its a mix between the worst aspects of borderlands and fallout. Not even worth trying because its so repetitive and poorly made.
,Not Recommended,327510,31273436,Posted: 21 April,all,pikkukalsari,Looks simple and cartoonish but ends up being casual rip off of Fallout. I liked the artwork but the gameplay is way too clunky and casual to hook me. Rogue-lite term in this case comes from dying and trying again but I can't see anyone getting attached to the the character so that didn't work out too well either.Rating: 'An attempt was made.'
,Not Recommended,327510,31069151,Posted: 10 April,all,Razielite,"Refunded this ....while the game might be good I wouldn't know because the fps is 25-30 ""no the game is not capped at 30""  when I look up the sky the game goes to 60 fps.Disabled all graphic settings and what not the fps did not increase not even by 1 and raised them to the highest and fps is literally the same.Tried so many solutions to fix it but nothing workedAlso the game has a really weird resolution that screws with my screen ....cannot change it for my native one.I ran it on two machines that are both way above the minimum requirements ""even a high end desktop""So its just bad optimization in its part ...honestly I feel like lately all unity games comes with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ performance."
76561197970847046,Not Recommended,327510,34169228,Posted: 11 August,all,CHV,Simply not good.
76561198091597028,Not Recommended,327510,30930966,Posted: 3 April,all,Quiantkbw123,"The game laged pretty badly, even with the settings at the lowest."
76561198013713192,Not Recommended,327510,24627969,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,ovaltinepatrol,"I like to meander. This game demands that you rush. If I'd known that it would rush me, I would not have bought it. I feel cheated."
76561198057785714,Not Recommended,327510,28626175,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,SpaceCodet,The game is too awkward for me. Small things like not having r-shift for reload (you can't bind right shift) have me fumbling around as if I never played a fps before. Others may not find problems like I have. I'm glad they can enjoy this game. I can't recomand this game by my standards. Did like what I liked. The other stuff out weighted it though.
,Not Recommended,327510,24326839,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Blue,"this game was a ""WASTED"" amount of monies i cant belive i ""WASTED"" monies on this game so much ""WASTED"" time play this crap :)"
,Not Recommended,327510,24557991,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,disinfo,"one giant reference to fallout from the people who've only played the bethesda games1. procedural generation makes every level terrible2. instakill guntraps can be behind doors. you have no way of knowing where they are until you open them, so every door is a gamble3. 55 minutes in and the gameplay is already repetitive.4. you can drink ""booze,"" which only has one purpose: to transport you back home. when you die, booze loses its effect so don't count on those buffs5. has every single problem fallout 3 has except for the terrible storynothing to write home about, nothing to waste 13 dollars on. another procedurally generated piece of♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198052573268,Not Recommended,327510,23442712,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Owlucard,"""S.O.B""Enough said...."
,Recommended,327510,24814944,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,piber20,"Similar system to Binding of Isaac, once you overcome the difficulty and start to learn the tricks on how to survive, you feel great. I feel that it starts slow, and it was not made obvious that there was more than just the first cooler (spoiler?) but it's quite fun, at least it has been to me.The random generated coolers (vaults) add to the replayability, but also make for some strange layouts at times. You can sortof prepare for these situations, like you could just open the door from the side to avoid turrets that could be aiming at the door."
,Recommended,327510,23510129,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,[TB] Konjus,man I just gave a tiny henry kissinger growing out of Richard Nixons crotch 25 human scalps so he could make a wig11/10 would scavenge for a mutant♥♥♥♥♥♥man again
76561197999515655,Recommended,327510,23607343,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,MrSassySausage,"The game is a first-person shooter that focuses around ""dungeon-ing"" (dungeon crawling? You know: you go into a ""dungeon"" kill people, get loot) although it has no traditional leveling system , it's reminiscent of fallout, but with much different art style, also it's not open-world, the story is linear.Anyways I'll sum up my experience:+ The gameplay is very enjoyable, easy to learn hard to master kind of thing.+ The characters are funny and the dialogues well written.+ Many weapons to screw around with.+ Original ""Hangovers"" (kinda like ""quirks"" from fallout) which can change the game and your approach radically.+ Daily ""courier runs"" (daily maps so to speak) that allow you to get better gear and compete for highscores.· The game is hard, specially at the beginning.· The dungeons (coolers) are filled with traps (landmines, bear traps, rigged guns, explosive barrels...)· There is perma-death, when you die you get a new random character.· Until you unlock new recipes you don´t really have much to craft.· After you hang around too long in a floor a guy with a minigun comes to kill you.- The gameplay can get repetitive, specially if you try to farm stuff (which is not necessary).- You will probably end up memorising the rooms that you go through, and where is which loot.- The first time you boot it you get a character creation screen, which matters not since after you die, he/she is gone.- Basically it lacks a bit of variety, there are some side-quests but not much more to do besides dungeon crawling.SummaryWhat you do in Wasted is basically enter underground dungeons filled with enemies, you gain loot and hangovers, which are bonuses to your character adquired by getting drunk on radioactive booze, which also make you exit the dungeon (it's either that or death).  The rooms are the same, what changes is the layout of the floor and the placement of the traps, which makes you, after you get better at it, basically breeze through the first three floors of the coolers nonchalantly, after some experience you can perfectly get through the first three floors of the first one with just a melee weapon, get the loot that you want (since most of the lockers in certain rooms always contain the same) and just keep doing it to farm some good booze and upgrade your character, also the AI is pretty dumb and mobs sometimes kill each other , and walk into all of the traps which makes it slightly more interesting and lowers a bit the difficulty when facing harder to kill enemies.The game gets harder after you manage to get far enough, and the ""time limit"" (guy with a minigun) makes it so that you don´t have the pleasure of looting calmly and composedly but rather forces you into going faster in order not to be pinned between the purifier  (the minigun wielder) and a hard place; I think that makes the game kind of unique and gives it a faster pace which I personally enjoy.The game is kind of addictive because of that, you strive to make your character better with the right hangovers, sometimes you get destroyed by a well placed trap and have to begin anew, it's the dark souls kind of thing, the right mix of difficulty, frustration and occasional grinding, mixed with the pressure of the purifier right behind you and the many traps waiting behind every corner."
76561198183897999,Recommended,327510,23607177,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,samthemity,loving this game borderlands fallout 80s mash up filled with laughs and lots of death
76561198121897561,Recommended,327510,23588605,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,stevenrobert42,Very fun game that is worth the money.
,Recommended,327510,23575988,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Nitris,"A rogue-like first person dungeon crawler set in the post-apocalyptic wastes of 80's America. Gnarly.This game has a similar feature to Spelunky. Whereby if you take too long in a given level, a really nasty enemy will spawn and hunt you down with the sole purpose of ending your life. Sounds pretty bad right? Well, at first I agreed, and did not like the idea at all. However, he doesn't really get a whole lot stronger than he starts off at, while you can, constantly. He is also really slow and pretty dumb, so he is actually not very hard to deal with after a few hours.Outside of that the game fits together very well, nothing feels out of place.Gunplay feels great, melee is satisfying, and the myriad of upgrades, buffs, debuffs, enemies, and loot keeps things fresh.Like most games, the music can get a bit repetitive after a while, as there doesn't seem to be all that many tracks, but it is good quality, and fits the aesthetic of the game perfectly.Overall, if you like rogue-likes which are on the harder side, but require a more aggressive playstyle then you should enjoy this."
,Recommended,327510,23576092,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Standing Tough,"The game is quite bare right now, but I'm having lots of fun playing and I feel like it has lots of potential.Great writing and a great artstyle."
76561197970617928,Recommended,327510,23591442,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,DFree7,Basically modern fallout as a rogue-lite without the leveling to put it simply. If your a fan of both it's def worth a look
,Recommended,327510,23565153,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Pastaroni,"Love the humor and the game. Worthy of a positive review. I say check it out on a sale if it doesn't exactly fit your bill. Just give it a try at least, the game deserves that much, and so far I've enjoyed it immensely."
,Recommended,327510,23564392,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,SovietOnion,"Exactly what I wanted out of this game, 9/10 so far"
76561198185764387,Recommended,327510,23530155,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Jon Anderson,"Sum up this game in one word? Bombdigity.Its extremely fast pass so if you are comming from Fallout 4 stop picking up random junk.You learn quickly what loot you are looking for and that is it, most of the time it ""auto picks up"" ammo and stuff you arleady have in your inventory. You are ment to move, jump, and shoot your way to the end in less than 5 minutes. The weapons feel good, the accuracy can be a bit annoying at times.People say they have problems with the ""S.O.B"" a person who if you spend too much time on one level will hunt you down, I had one issue when I opened a door and there he was and blasted me to a swiss cheese death. The loot I lost from that death I was able to get back in less than 15 minutes.Its a bit like the binding of Issac, you lose some you win some. Its a hard fast game and I love it."
76561197977535275,Recommended,327510,23501905,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Kaylexandria,Surprisingly fun parody of Fallout/Borderlands genere type games.  Developer listens to community and is working to fix things/balance as they come up.   I think the SOBS are in a good place right now but could use better AI.
76561198011370171,Recommended,327510,28916842,Posted: 1 January,all,Jei,"At its best this can be both high octane fast paced action with many twists or slow and methodical experience. Whatever suits you. At its worst it is a futile grindfest with cheap and undeserved setbacks.The problems with this game (in my opinion) are permanent death, purifier mechanic and repetitive content:1) permanent death - When you die, you lose almost everything your character could have had on them. Most of your gear gone (solve it by collecting the same useful items over and over) and all your bonuses (booze hangovers). Now here is the thing. One dungeon run = plus one booze hangover. So imagine raising your character from blank sheet of paper into a mutant god of violence in the course of few hours only to lose them to random level layout that just happened to be in configuration to your disadvantage or something like that. I think the developer has quite different view of difficulty versus unfairness than I have.2) purifier mechanic - If you take too much time exploring any one floor, this dude will spawn. Every. Single. Floor. It is a 600 HP (quite a lot) slow moving p.... with a minigun. First he will be terrifying hunting you through the dungeon. Then infuriating, not letting you explore enough. Then you learn how to deal with him a start to farm them. Later still, his gear will be abundant and he will become a chore you have to do, if you want to go at your own pace. The problem with this is his weapon. The knockback is quite insane, pinning you to a wall a pummeling you until you die. His magazine is 200 bullets so if you are unlucky (or too cocky - I am both) you will get caught and then just murdered. Other rapid fire enemies can do something similar (but they sure af do not have 200 bullet magazine). You can learn to kill him, yes. I have killed about 100+ of them. And yet, even with good gear and plenty of mutations, he can still kill me. Not by being difficult (the game has enemies that dodge, heal themselves, have multiple kinds of attack etc.) but by stunlocking you. He is best dealt from afar (if you do not like running in circles), making short range and close quarters combat ineffective due to knockback of his weapon.3) repetitive content - What are you here for? After losing your progress (see 1) to for example Purifier (see 2), you can enjoy the same room/floor layouts. Different ""dungeons"" have different music and some specific enemies etc. but are all based on some basic principles. I am not saying here is not enough, I am saying that due to you going through it over and over it is spread too thin.Despite thisI like the game. I like the world, the humour, the gradual improvement of yourself and your character (of course until you lose it all...), daily leaderboards runs and other features. Still, and maybe because I like it enough to sit through a night going over and over into a dungeon, I hate this three aspects very intensely. I suppose the game would be over in 20+ hours (maybe less) if it did not have them. If it was difficult in the sense of learning curve and content variety, fine. But this game doesn´t deserve the time it took. It bought it through cheap deaths and punishing setbacks rather than anything else. Also, I know this is a small game but... BUT... I still think there are some very rough edges.So I hoped to come back here and say how I completed it and all is good, but... The RPG element screwed me. The game story can be influenced by your actions, stats, gear etc. And well it did not work for me. I got the achievement for acquiring the thing. It did not appear where it should and the story version (slight) I would have picked never showed up. That was probably the last straw for me. I am so torn if recommend this game or not. Good stuff, limited, few GIGANTIC anger inducing aspects... And I do not know if I would recommend buying it and trying it before deciding if to return it. 2 hours is not anywhere close I would have needed to make the decision to keep/refund this game. So I leave you with many hours of fun and incredibly sour taste in my mouth."
,Recommended,327510,32480300,Posted: 16 June,all,Laplace,"I personally love this game. I actually buy it for friends for their birthday or the holidays, and they like it too. People complain about the S.O.B. purifier too much. He's not hard to trick and sneak around. He's also not that hard to kill. Granted when you start the game, you spend a lot of time running from him, but once you get a shotgun, preferably a Chick-Chick, they get really easy to kill. Red barrels are there for a reason, and grenades make life better. Killing the S.O.B. Purifier is an achivement, so it is possible. Sometimes I do it for fun because I like the lil' minnie."
76561198135146194,Recommended,327510,32558866,Posted: 18 June,all,Black Hat,"Spawn, kill, loot, drink, die and repeatBloody amazing game!(Also i have this problem when the loading screen won't stop)"
,Recommended,327510,32780220,Posted: 25 June,all,Linus Touch Tips,"I absolutely love this game.  Sure, it's not perfect.  Early on it comes off as very difficult, but over time you will get more skillful at it and will be able to shrek the enemies!  Combat feels good and the world really does feel like a mix of Fallout and Borderlands.The game crashes my computer, but from what I can tell I am the only person that is having this issue.RECOMMENDED"
,Recommended,327510,34223601,Posted: 13 August,all,Bacondoughnuty,Nice
,Recommended,327510,34212021,Posted: 13 August,all,meneer kreeft,"This is a great game in my opinion.It has an art style similar to Borderlands and has a Fallout feel in terms of its gameplay, but with a faster pace.The progression and save system is really well done in this game and makes you think twice before engaging into combat like an idiot. If you die, you lose your character and everything on them. However on floor B3 you discover post boxes which you can put stuff in. This lets you transfer items to your house so another character can use them. You can also put stuff in storage after you have a hangover, just incase you die.Weapon variety is very small at the beginning, but increases as you progress further. I've come across about 15 different weapons now and I'm sure there's more to come.The ""invincible"" purifier that appears if you take too long is very easy to outrun/outsmart and if you feel brave enough he is quite easy to kill. (He grants some good loot!) He is extremely slow and can be slowed down even further by laying down a tripping mine which will break his legs.Overall, this game is definitely worth the £2 (got it on sale). I would argue a price tag of £10 is a bit much but the game has a lot of enjoyable content.TL;DR8/10"
76561198003707919,Recommended,327510,34233045,Posted: 14 August,all,Henchman17,"excellent game, can recommend to any fans of rogue-like gameplay or dungeon crawlers.graphics and humour are clearly similar to Borderlands, gameplay reminds me of Nuclear Throne (in FPS shooter layout) and all wrapped in a hilarious homage / spoof of the Fallout series.I purchased on a whim due to being a fan of Adult Swim, Borderlands and Fallout, and is way more fun and addictive than I had planned for. anyone else who appreciates these 3, this game is worth way more than the £2 paid."
76561198123896645,Recommended,327510,34216861,Posted: 13 August,all,Taint,If you don't like a challenge don't buy it.
,Not Recommended,327510,25790786,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Radish (B e e t),garbage
,Recommended,327510,35320349,Posted: 29 September,all,CPA | Dance Commander,"Rogue-lite FPS dungon crawler with a nice Fallout+80's style, Music is eh but can be replaced."
,Recommended,327510,35236833,Posted: 26 September,all,Coffee And Green Tea,A good time with replayability nothing too special with the story byut the game is very quick and once you get the hang of it it gets easier its a great rouge like game
76561198090167577,Not Recommended,327510,35225274,Posted: 26 September,all,georaph,"Far too difficult death events.I really love the concept, the style and the gameplay.BUT the death events are far too random. Explosion kill u at once, traps kill u with one blow, etc.And that after an hour of tough doungeon crawling, making you lose ALL items and as there is no exp, actually lose EVERYTHING.Far too tough and frustrating."
