user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,327560,32709093,Posted: 23 June,all,Nightmare!,"Let's get this out of the way.  Near Death is an indie game and it is short.  It is *very* short.  I took my time, wandered about at the end, reloaded the ending a few times, toyed around Sutro station after campaign end and sat back and soaked in the menu imagery/soundtrack before I uninstalled.  The game is probably closer to 2 hours in length than 3.I still recommend it.Why?  The engine runs well, the game experienced minimal glitching during the three hours I played it.  The game was serviceably attractive and brutally atmospheric.  It's not often that you encounter a survival horror title that doesn't revolve around aliens, or zombies, or monsters, or evil people.  Near Death pits one determined woman against the most dangerous and inhospitable place on Earth: night-cloaked, winter-ridden Antarctica.  The game has minor crafting, some minimal puzzling and solemly ominous script.  However, the star of the game is the intense environments, coupled with an almost frenetic need to regulate your body warmth.Jaunts, however temporary, between structures in Sutro station become an all-out fight for survival.  Visibility declines.  Temperatures plummet and the wind gusts can easily move you/point you in different directions.  It is exceptionally easy to get lost or pointed in the wrong direction, where a short trek into the snowy wilderness means certain death.  Players must carefully ration batteries, kerosene and other equipment for maximum efficiency.  Light/rope poles become your greatest friends when caught outside during a blizzard.I initially started the game on basic Easy mode to finish it one quick go-through (I didn't think dying would support the premise of the game).  However, after finishing the game in about an hour and 45 minutes with no deaths, I can honestly recommend that Normal difficulty would probably be a better fit for most.  With careful gameplay, deaths can still be avoided and the game would probably lengthen to 2 hours +.  The game provides a satisfying, if not exactly flamboyant ending and the Antarctic landscape offers a glorious surprise while you descend from your final fetch quest/mission.The game isn't exceptionally complex.  It lacks a wide array of features.  It doesn't have a hyper advanced graphics engine or massive multiplayer longevity.  What the game *does* have are atmosphere and tension in spades.  You will struggle to keep cool as you stumble towards your destination, as your labored breathing and chilled feet continue to plod slowly forward in knife-like blizzard winds.  You will care for the protagonist and most of all, you will appreciate the opportunity to play a game where your task isn't to kill, maim or destroy but, instead to survive against mother nature, in the face of overwhelming odds.Near Death can be had on sale for five dollars and for a 3 hour jaunt unlike anything you've likely ever experienced before...it's worth it.Recommended.7/10."
,Recommended,327560,24683935,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Sakamoto Ryuichi,"The good:1.	The game is a well-designed maze (instead of a sandbox that is dominating the survival genre right now) which means you can left no stone unturned and feel good about it.2.	The game has a plot; it is nothing out of the ordinary but it is just interesting enough to keep you going and already more than many early access games could ever dream of (looking at you, The Long Dark).3.	The game has a replay value (though you would probably never play it more than five hours).4.	Good performance & minimum requirement: I was running this game 720P on an Intel i7-6500U and its on-board HD520 graphics card yet the game was still playable.The bad:1.	The price tag is a bit aggressive; $9.99 would be a fair price and give the game more attention.My Conclusion:Near Death is the exact kind of game I was looking for: a short survival maze that is driven by a plot not mindless resource gathering."
76561198010269150,Recommended,327560,24787568,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Caethan,"If you want something a little more realistic and a lot more terrifying from your survival horror, this is a great game.  You're not fighting anything except the cold.  No monsters and no jump scares, just frigid Antarctic weather.It's atmospheric enough that I was bracing myself before I had to open up the door and brave going outside into the cold, and there's nothing quite so terrifying as losing your guide rope in the middle of a blizzard 50 feet from safety.There's several complaints about the shortness of the game, but I appreciate having a tight and well-composed game over the usual sprawling mess.  It was the right length for the story it was trying to tell."
76561198042385140,Not Recommended,327560,24736844,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Phaelorn,"Okay. So... this was a cool game.It was thrilling and terrifying and it was fantastic in its execution. You sat on the edge of your seat the entire time you played it. The art (especially towards the end) was beautiful.But, I don't feel it was really worth the cost. It was fun, but I mean... beating a game in the course of a few hours (and completing all side-objectives) for this cost? Eh. It's really not ideal.So if you find this game on a REALLY good sale (like, it's 7 bucks?), go nuts. It's fun and worth your time money. But otherwise, not really.I'm sorry, I feel bad putting up a negative review for a game I enjoyed, but it really wasn't worth that much money."
,Recommended,327560,26721463,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,genoforprez,"I recommend this game WITH SOME RESERVATIONS.If you are interested in Near Death because, like me, you crave first-person adventure/exploration scenarios and you saw the Near Death trailer and thought it seemed pretty original and rad, well then good news! You'll be pleased with that part.If you are interested in Near Death because you like survival, then you need to know something. Near Death is not a survival game in the way that ""Don't Starve"" is a survival game, where you are merely fighting hunger (plus whatever other stats) using resources that are infinite if you are careful, economic, and smart. Near Death is survival in that more ""survival horror"" way where there are some finite and predetermined resources available to help you get from A to B, and if you squander them or dawdle too much then you're basically outta luck and dead.Near death is also a game where the objective is not just to keep putting food in your mouth and warmth on your body for the purpose of staying alive forever. There are specific story goals that must be completed in a specific sequence, and you have to keep moving, moving, moving. There are finite resources, which by extension means there is finite TIME. And trust me when I say that this creates a harrowing situation for you that is quite interesting.BUT.It also creates a kind of frustrating scenario that you, depending on what kind of player you are, may find awesome or frustating. And I will explain via analogy. Imagine if I presented you with a game that was just a maze. All you have to do is get to the end. But you only have ten seconds to solve it or you die and have to start over. If you already know the way through the maze, it's easy. If you don't know the way through the maze, it's incredibly frustrating. And Near Death is extremely close to being this exact scenario. (Did I mention the maze has incredible atmosphere, though?)So I will recommend the game, yes, bearing in mind the above reservations."
,Recommended,327560,31270578,Posted: 21 April,all,Black Cat,"Buy this game on sale if you can, but buy it for the full $15 if you want to support the developers.  This is a good game.  It was a very immersive, very tense, and harrowing journey into the Antarctic wasteland.  I paid full price for the game and it took me about 5 hours to beat it.Many others might say that a game that only lasts for 5 hours isn't worth $15, but I disagree.  To me, it seems that PC gamers feel so entitled to get a ton of content from any game that costs more than $5.  I am not one of those people.  I am happy to spend $15 on a good game and show my support for future releases from Orthogonal Games.  I had never heard of them before, but they're definitely on my radar now.Now let's get past the price and into the game itself.There aren't any enemies in this game, aside from the frigid weather of Antarctica in the middle of a raging blizzard.  The survival aspect in this game is really something.  When you're outside for too long, and you begin to succumb to the -100 degrees celsius kind of cold, you genuinely feel relieved when you make it to a spot to warm up.  You have to use your supplies wisely and always make sure you keep warm.This game does not hold your hand.  There are no quest markers.  All you get is a map, and it doesn't even show you where you are on the map.  You have to use common sense to navigate your way through the blizzard to the many different buildings of the abandoned Sutro Station, which has fallen into disrepair.  You need to place light posts in the ground to mark paths to different buildings.  You need to make a rope trail between buildings so you don't get staggered by the strong, freezing winds.  You need to make use of the crafting system by collecting supplies wherever you can in order to survive.This is a game about survival, through and through.  If Orthogonal Game were going for realism, they achieved that goal in spades.  Stay warm.  Collect supplies.  Jury rig said supplies into things you can actually make use of.  Just keep going, and try to survive.If you want a deep story, look somewhere else.  If you want a ton of content, look somewhere else.  If you're looking to slay monsters and collect epic loot, look somewhere else.  But if you're looking for a fun, challenging, and actually immersive survival experience, then this might be the game for you.  I can honestly see myself playing it again on harder difficulties so I can get the rest of the achievements from the game.  And also because it's fun."
,Recommended,327560,32710319,Posted: 23 June,all,Poptart,"Beautiful piece of art that demonstrates that horror doesn't have to be a spooky monster or loud sound, but simply wandering aimlessly in an abyss of snow.Loved the experience, although very short. If you can get it on sale, do, otherwise be patient until it is.10/10, looking forward to more content from this developer!"
,Recommended,327560,24718994,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Stirling,"Good game. Not to difficult or easy.It was a bit nail biting at some points.Pros:Excellent settingVery pretty visualsStrong characterizationGreat gameplayCons:Very short, 2 hours to finish and that was making a few mistakes and having to back trackNo replayability except to get all upgrades for 100% achievementsIt took me ages to figure out how to drop big items to save myself from dying (You need to be in a sealed room and click)I guess I'd recommend this game, but on sale. This seems more like a $10 or less game. Too short I think with no replayability to be okay with $15."
76561198099676174,Recommended,327560,33173523,Posted: 3 July,all,ChaosEve,"Very impressed with this game! Not your typical survival game, as it's not open ended, has a storyline, and is rather short, but a masterpiece nonetheless. I'll try to keep this review spoiler free, as giving away details will ruin the experience.Premise:You play as a pilot who's plane crashes in Antartica. Heading for a nearby research outpost, you discover it abandoned, and must find a way to survive and escape.Graphics:Graphics aren't top of the line, but are decent enough. The game makes liberal use of the snow effects, using it to obscure far away distances, but does so in a realistic manner. Most of the interiors were fairly generic, but given that it's supposed to be an Antartic rescearch facility, it didn't need to be unique, in my opinion. Exteriors were better, but that may be because I didn't take too much time to examine them, as you're almost never safe outside, and can rarely see very far in front of you.Lighting was well done, not too bright not too dark, enough to make me have to make use of my flashlight, but not so much to where I was leaving it on all the time.The game offers a few filters in the options, which I thought was a nice touch, however, I don't recommend them for your first playthrough. It's hard enough to get your bearings in the storm without extra filters.Sound:One of the high points of the game. From the foreboding music, to the near constant howl of the wind, to every creaking metal door you open, even the crunch of snow as you walk, the sound design of this game did an amazing job of setting the mood. There wasn't much in the way of voice acting, but the little there was sounded realistic and well placed. The deep gasps of warm air after trudging through the snow and nearly freezing to death are incredibly satsfying to hear.Story:The story wasn't deep, but served it purpose of driving the game foward. It consists of your character's correspondence with home base, which is where you get your objectives and information on where to find suppiles. The teletype machines, reminicent of old spy movies, made the choice of minimal voice acting interesting. Still, I felt connected to the character. Her sarcastic wit, to her reassuring herself she can make it, and even her sighs of relief when she finally gets warm, really helped put me in her shoes- er, snow boots.Controls:Controls were simple and intuitive, consisting of WASD keys for movement, C to crouch, space to jump,  1-5 for selecting items and left clicking to interact or use your equipped item. The game did a good job of making me feel like I was stumbling and having trouble walkng in a straight line during strong winds, afraid that I wasn't heading in the direction I thought I was, just like a real storm.Gameplay:Another high point of the game, arguably the best point. Sound and graphical design did a good job of immersing me in this game, and gameplay mechanics did a good job of keeping me there.The heat/cold system was well done, rather than giving you a temperature gauge, gave you audible cues from your character to let you know when it was time to stop and get warm and if you were warm enough to continue. I usualy see games like this trying to add monsters or creatures creeping around in the shadows trying to kill you, instead this game decided to make nature itself the antagonist of the story. As the game goes on, the storm gets stronger, and you start to wonder if you're going to make it.The crafting system was simple, but interesting. Supplies were just sparse enough to force you to manage your inventory carefully, lest you run out of something important like kerosene for your portable heater or batteries for your flashlight. New recipes were unlocked by finding folders stamped with the research facility logo, or a couple of times by finding a new item. There were even a few upgrades for your gear, such as a manual that details how to make your parka warmer so you can last longer in the cold.Final Thoughts:This game had me so sucked in that even though it was 70 degrees in my house, I was getting chills, and when I paused to take my dogs out, I was fully expecting a blast of cold air to hit me when I opened the back door. At points, I'd recieve another objective and would just stop and stare at the door for a few seconds, mentally preparing myself for the storm raging outside. The sense of dread that you might not make it to the next safe space to get warm hangs over you right up until the end. The thought of ""Did I get everything?"" that crosses your mind right before you step out into the snow to trek to the next building, because you REALLY don't want to have to come back because you missed something. The thoughts of, ""Will I make it?""""Should I use my meager supplies now or save them?""""Oh God, I hope the next building is close"" all cross your mind as you focus on trying to stay alive, and trying to escape.This was probably one of my favorite purchases in a long time, and my only regret is I waited so long to pick it up."
,Recommended,327560,25004683,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,FullmetalHime,"This review may start off a bit odd, but stick with me...I'm a massive Dark Souls fan. I've played every version of DS 1, 2, and 3 on every system it's available on. Hordes of hours of my existence. I enjoy the Souls series so much that, as others have claimed as well, it's practically ruined other games for me. I find it extraordinarily hard to really get invested in other games. I have tons of partially or barely completed games on both PC and consoles that I just flat out lose interest in, oftentimes very easily.Then there's Near Death. One of those rare games that truly captured my attention and held me firmly in place for the entire journey.You have one enemy: the weather. You're trying to survive against the cold and the wind. That's it.But it's so beautifully done. The items you scavenge are used to craft realistically useful items that have true purpose in helping you to survive. The key items you'll need to collect make sense as well and are scattered brilliantly, having you make use of the full game world without ever feeling like a slog for the player but definitely an arduous task for the player character. Even little things, like kneeling becoming more useful than you would initially think, work favorably to immerse the player.And another big deal for me: I generally cannot stand games that force you along, fighting a timer in whatever form that takes. Timed missions you fail when the clock hits zero. But it just plain works here. I felt a definite sense of urgency, but looting is done so well that I never felt overwhelmed by some insane quantity of containers to check before I froze to death. And you're actually given multiple ways to bring your body temperature back up, which was a welcome and thoughtful addition.Also, the little bit of writing throughout the game was informative when it needed to be, and both clever and witty at other times that made me smile.In all the years I've had a Steam account, this is only my third review, so you know I don't normally do this. But I felt heavily compelled to say something about this game. And I could go on to elaborate further, but suffice to say, I love Near Death. Phenomenal game in my opinion. I absolutely want to keep an eye on whatever the creators of this game do next. Orthogonal Games and all those involved in the creation of Near Death, ultra running super jumping electric exploding high fives to all of you!P.S. Not everyone will care about this point (some may even roll their eyes at it), but THANK YOU SO MUCH for including full controller support. I can use a mouse and keyboard with the best of them, but I just plain prefer controllers. My PC is hooked to my main TV, and I play most games from my couch. In fact, had Near Death not had full controller support, I may never have seen it. I was specifically looking for a new, not-so-expensive game to play under the ""Full controller support"" category. And it's not half-baked support, either. It works for everything you do, including navigating menus. All prompts appear as controller buttons as well. You people rock ^_^"
,Recommended,327560,26380506,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Trivvy™,"Solid game. This is not a horror game though, it does have ""The Thing"" vibes to it at times, but understand that there is no supernatural horror, or threat. The only threat is the elements. And that is not a mark against it at all.It works kind of like a ""Lite"" version of The Long Dark, except it's actually interesting and has story (I understand The Long Dark will have a story mode eventually). I played on normal difficulty, and had a few deaths and plenty of close-shaves.The mechanics are solid, and the game is very immersive, you really do feel like someone trying to survive on this abandoned station. The story itself isn't much to sniff at, nothing really ""wow""ed me in that aspect, but what it did, it did adequately.I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys survival-focused games that have an objective and an overall goal to accomplish."
,Recommended,327560,28397533,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Narf2029,"Short but very, very sweet. You're always one careless mistake from death. It is fairly linear in that if you are off exploring instead of following your objective you will probably die. But, Antarctica is so hostile it might as well be another planet or outer space. If the astronauts on Apollo 13 hadn't listened to the engineers on the ground trying to save them, they'd have died. The same is true here. You'll definitely have your hands full just trying to do what you're supposed to, anyway. $15 is a bit of a hard sell for what took me around 2.5 hours to run through once, but if you see this on sale it's a no-brainer."
76561198027945540,Not Recommended,327560,25061155,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,tzeneth,"The game is interesting in that you really feel like it's a constant battle with the cold and resources. Survival is hard and brutal and the place you're at doesn't care for your existance. The game does a good job with visuals and audio.My problem with the game is length and lack of real replayability. For $15, I feel like that's a bit high of a price for this game. Further, the game doesn't seem to like you going places out of order. I went to the radio station after I got the blowtorch to attempt to get more resources since I was desperate for duck tape in order to make more lights/rope for my eventual trip to the heavily disconnected science area. After reaching the top and seeing a switch I couldn't use and taking the gondola ride down, I thought I wouldn't have to make that slightly harrowing journey across the rope again. Apparently the Gondola ride is one way. And when the game decided to give me a great view and see all the little blinking lights int he valley, I was concentrating on not falling off the gondola ropes so that I could make it back down and not die.TLDR: if you do not have a problem with the price, I would recommend this game for you but don't expect it to be lengthy or to have any real replayability."
,Recommended,327560,24821518,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Red Zalgo,"This is one of the greatest games I have ever played. It kinda plays similar to Firewatch & The Long Dark. The story is great, the gameplay is great, just all around AWESOME.I turned off all the lights in the house and played this, I was on the edge of my seat going ""oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm not going to make it!"". The story combined with the gameplay made me feel for the character, as if I was in her position (I'm never going to Antarctica after this haha).I love love loved playing this game. Great job guys. Please make more in this style.To people who want to play this game: Buy it. Wait until night, put on some nice headphones and have an awesome time...Welcome to Antarctica"
,Recommended,327560,30990395,Posted: 6 April,all,Spookjax,"I've ran out of batteries for my torch, the wind has picked up and I'm carrying a half-ton antenna across an antarctic hellscape to which I can only see 2 feet in front of me. Against all odds I make it.10/10 would survive again."
,Recommended,327560,27537211,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Crumb,"This is like firewatch set in Antartica, but if firewatch had a better ending. Great writing, great art direction. Highly recommend this, as well as Orthogonal's other game, The Novelist."
,Recommended,327560,33473570,Posted: 12 July,all,Slazenger ヽ(。‿°)ノ,"Near Death creates a fantastic narrative around two major gameplay mechanics: temperature management and orienteering through incredibly an harsh/disorienting environment. The game gives you a visceral feeling of urgency, dread, and with nothing more than the conditions and your situation, can cause the hair on your neck to stand up.  The environments are well done, the difficulty is well-balanced, and the story/portrayal of events is engaging.  I'll be honest, It's roughly 3 hours of gameplay while moving at a relatively casual speed, and thus falls out of my normal $1/hr of entertainment guideline I typically stay to, but this was a very unique and enjoyable experience that left me happy with my investment based on what I got out of the game.  The psychological and physiological effects this game has on the player without any monsters, jumpscares, or anything of the sort was thoroughly enjoyable."
,Recommended,327560,28774160,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,o⠀n⠀e,">SUTRO: OK, I HAVE THIS GAME HERE. WHAT CAN YOU TELL ME?>MCMURDO: THAT YOU DO NOT NEED ANY MIMICKING ALIEN LIFE FORM TO CREATE A SCARY AS HELL EXPERIENCE IN AN ABANDONED ANTARCTIC STATION. THE ENVIROMENT IS TERRIFYING ENOUGH.>SUTRO: WELL, OK, BUT AS I CAN HEAR, YOU DO NEED SOME AMAZING MUSIC, THAT RESEMBLES THE GREAT SOUNDTRACK FROM ""THE THING"" MOVIE, AND CREATES THE SIMILAR ATMOSPHERE.>MCMURDO: EXACTLY. ALSO, THE VISUAL AND SOUND EFFECTS ARE SOO GOOD AT MAKING YOU FEEL THE ENDANGERMENT, THAT YOU CANNOT NOTICE THAT DURING THE GAME.>SUTRO: TOO NATURAL. UNDERSTOOD. BUT MAYBE YOU CAN DO IT RETROSPECTIVELY, WHEN YOU FINISH OR WHILE PAUSING?>MCMURDO: MOST LIKELY YOU WON'T PAUSE THIS GAME AND DO IT IN IT'S ENTIRETY IN ONE SITTING, BECAUSE IT IS SO IMMERSIVE.>SUTRO: HMM. SO IT'S SO SHORT?>MCMURDO: NO. IT IS EXACTLY AS LONG AS IT NEEDS TO BE. THERE ARE NO TIME CUTS. YOU EXPERIENCE THIS SECOND AFTER SECOND AND WHEN YOU PLAY ON HIGHER DIFFICULTY YOU WILL NOTICE HOW LONG CAN A SEVERAL SECOND WALK BETWEEN NEARBY BUILDINGS BE, HOW LONG CAN FREEZING TO DEATH TAKE, OR FOR HOW LONG YOU WILL PANIC WHEN YOU GET LOST IN COLD DARKNESS. THE GAME IS FAST - YOU MESS UP - YOU DIE IN A BLINK OF AN EYE, BUT THAT MOMENT WILL FREEZE AND FEEL LIKE AGES.>SUTRO: SO, WHAT ARE YOUR INSTRUCTIONS? DO I WANT TO PLAY THIS GAME?>MCMURDO: YES, YOU DO! AND REMEMBER. YOU NEED ME, I'M HERE."
76561197971555433,Recommended,327560,24679753,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,tboatcap,"What a fantastic game, had moments of fear, suspense, acomplishment and pure joy as I battled through the frozen waste to save myself.  Just enough naration so as not to feel completely alone but not so much that I felt like I had a compainion. Took me close to 3 hours to complete, which is rather short but for the cost it was well worth it.  Never felt like it was trying to make more of itself than was actually there and each step I took felt like an accomplishment.Hope to see more like it!"
76561197972324774,Recommended,327560,29519292,Posted: 27 January,all,****Gangsta Luv 97**** WHTUP!?!,"Terrific game! It is pretty much what the trailers show, an antartic survival game set in a blizzard in the antarctic night. Very atmospheric, the developers have made a very convincing setting. It is pure survival, there are no monsters or zombies but it is nonetheless extremely tense. I felt cold just playing it! A perfect game to play during a winter storm. This game did not disapppoint! Lots of positives and really no negatives. It is not a real long game, but not extremely short; it took me about 5 hours to complete it. If you speed run thorugh it, you could probably finish it in less than two, but its better to savor the distinct atmosphere the developers have created. A good deal at its regular price and a no-brainer at its sale price. Best 10 bucks I ever spent!"
76561197972258172,Recommended,327560,32873342,Posted: 27 June,all,[Snizza] EyesofWrath,"The words ‘indie survival game’ might rightly encourage a degree of nausea in many of Steam’s users, after the horrific flood of terrible titles allowed onto the marketplace through Greenlight and the like poisoned the well for so many genuinely competent works. But every once in a while you find that diamond in the rough that bucks the trend and actually manages to deliver everything that indie games promise – a unique experience that doesn’t have the market clout necessary to see it given attention or funding from a major studio, often an experimental or left-of-centre concept, perhaps something personal, or simply something with a single, focused ambition.Near Death is absolutely that diamond. Built with a loving nod to John Carpenter’s The Thing, you play a pilot and engineer whose plane is downed in a storm whilst on-route to her base in Antarctica. You crash-land near a decommissioned station, and with the temperature plummeting and visibility decreasing by the minute, you must find your way to the nearest building and contact your colleague via teletype, who gives you what little assistance he can. From then on, the situation becomes more and more bleak as you find supplies and reactivate the power to the various parts of the station, braving the storm to venture between different buildings and build your plan of escape. Spending any more than half a minute outside will kill you, and your movement and vision is impeded as you freeze to death. You aren’t much safer indoors, as rooms with broken windows or walls offer no respite from the cold, and you have nothing to warm you but a small portable heater that will only work in sealed rooms. You can improve certain items such as your torch and parka, and these will make survival marginally more likely, but despite my initial overestimation of my abilities, you can and will get lost outside if you’re not careful, which will spell certain death under most circumstances.The game saves frequently, thankfully, so even if you die, it won’t likely set you back very far, but there is a certain degree of anxiety that hits every time you have to trek to another building, especially as the game progresses and the storm gets worse. The wind picks up and can make walking almost impossible unless you have fashioned or manage to find or build a rope line, which mitigates the movement penalty of high winds, and gives you a trail to follow to the nearest building. These are few and far between, and absolutely necessary in the later stages of the game, and there’s no worse feeling than knowing you’ve left underprepared when the wind is stopping you from moving forward, and you’re too cold and tired to move back, and you just know that you’ve doomed yourself.The games visual assets are simple, but suitable. We’re not looking at the Unreal 4 engine here, but there’s enough of a degree of detail in the environments to give an immediate feeling of familiarity to anyone that’s…y’know…been to a science base in the Antarctic, and the lighting effects are extremely well-implemented; darkness feels suffocating, the buildings are creepy in their dark, unexplored corners, and the eerie green pulsing glow of light poles will fill you with dread as they appear and disappear from view. Similarly, the script is simple but tight, and the small amount of voice acting on hand is believable and helps immerse you in the world. As your character starts shivering uncontrollably and your movement lurches and slows, you might feel a genuine chill within yourself as you know that you’re killing her. But in that way, every light in the distance becomes a beacon of hope, and closing the door on a sealed room leaves you with a palpable sense of relief.Near Death is not an epic affair, but in a market that has been flooded with games that oversaturate themselves with gimmicks and vast but empty worlds, it’s always refreshing to come across a game that performs a single premise very, very well. And Near Death absolutely nails it. I recall that when pondering whether or not to buy this game I was unsure from the reviews as to whether it was just a ‘walking simulator’ or something similar, but I can assure you that it’s not. It is a survival game, and a bit of an adventure, and the degree to which you scavenge and prepare ahead of venturing into the cold, especially in the later game, will absolutely make the difference between life and death. As your supplies dwindle (maybe you’ve been a bit too frivolous with your flashlight or your heater), you will find yourself praying to find a single item in one of the desks or lockers, and if you can’t, you will steel yourself to make do and hope for the best. Or perhaps you’ll do as I did and run out of the equipment to make rope poles, be forced to venture blind into the height of the storm and pray you make it to the nearest building, get disorientated, nearly die, and make it inside just in time to save yourself from the brink, all in order to retrieve and reuse some poles from elsewhere. This game is harrowing, and after I was finished I felt like I watched a great survival movie. It’s a class act, and I frankly can’t believe I haven’t heard of it before."
,Recommended,327560,26244428,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Elegant Goblin In Africa,"Great game, with a perfect soundtrack. It kind of reminded me of John Carpenter's The Thing, minus the exomorph and all the gore. In fact, just like The Thing, if you remove everything, but the Antarctica.The graphics are ok, somewhat stylized, but well suited. Overall a addictive well balanced game, fun, tense sometimes. Sadly though i did find Tux, i couldn't bring it in the snowcat since the devs forgot to add a glove box or penguin carrier. If you're thinking about buying it, think no more and just buy it. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,327560,24703846,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Tag Wolf,"Loved it. Did it all in one sitting.It's an interesting twist on horror and survival. There's no monsters here. Just artic wastes, the wind, and your imagination... mostly imagining yourself freezing to death.Grab it. You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,327560,25286321,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Bad Whippet,"What is it?Near Death is a brutal first-person survival game - you versus the viscious elements of the Antartic.  There is no micro meter-management as found in many survival games, and your role is to escape rather than remain.  The story starts with you surviving a plane crash at abandoned Antartic station Sutro, and you must gather enough supplies to plan your escape/rescue while not becoming victim to the hostile minus 100-degree temperatures and storm blizzards.  Resources such as batteries for your torch are scant and you must use these VERY carefully, as is your only source of heat: a portable kerosine heater.  Make these last because they've all you've got!The game also involves a small amount of resource gathering and crafting to make rooms of the shelter tolerable and functional.  These steps are optional objectives but your survival experience will be much easier if you do this.What's to like?The totally believable atmosphere and difficulty scale.  Although the game is short, it is INCREDIBLY atmospheric - perhaps one of the most atmospheric survival games I've yet played (and I've played quite a lot of them).  Nothing feels unreal or silly.  Everything feels urgent and not at all easy - as it should!  There is very little hand-holding.  The difficulty curve seems spot-on: hard without being frustrating.Anything not to like?One of the complaints people have about this otherwise-excellent game is that it's short, but it's only a quarter of a full AAA game price, so I would expect a quarter the amount of playtime, and I exceeded that easily with 7-8 hours (others have reported less, so this might rather depend on how fast you speed through games). I would have liked to have had a little further playtime at the end of the gameas part of my escape away from the basebut that wasn't to be.  There were a couple of minor world glitches such as being sometimes a little too easy to fall into impossible-to-escape crevaces and I did accidentally drop a piece of vital equipment a few feet ahead of me, only to find there was an invisible barrier prevanting me from walking towards picking it up (presumably I had reached the edge of the map but objects were able to sail over that same edge).  Still, save-games weren't spaced too far apart, so no huge deal there.  It wouldn't stop me recommending this game.DifficultyFor those ""challenged"" by video games like, er, me, the 'normal' difficulty is difficult enough!  You WILL die, you will become lost (and die), you will freeze (and die).  There will be times when you're groping around in the dark because you didn't listen to yourself when you said ""be sparing with those batteries!"" and you will absolutely run out of necessities.  I haven't tried the higher difficulty modes (ho ho - I'm no mug!) but at 'normal' difficulty you will be returned to the point of your last save following death - which will usually be the last moment you managed to use your kerosine heater to generate warmth succesfully (you can also quick-save).ReplayabilityIt will be eminently replayable for me, but I'm the kind of person who can read a good book several times over.  Some reviewers don't feel the same replayability, but for me it's a definite and I intend replaying at a harder difficulty level immediately.SummaryDespite its somewhat short length, this game is currently carrying a 91% positive feedback score for good reason.  It's a must-have for every escape/survival fan."
,Recommended,327560,33017573,Posted: 29 June,all,Katana,"""In the face of overwhelming odds, I'm left with only one option. I'm going to have to science the s**t out of this.""I've described Near Death to some people as an excellent video game adaptation of The Martian; a story of a scientist alone in an incredibly lethal environment, fighting against all odds and incredibly poor luck to stay alive. It's definitely scary, in fact many other readers have tagged it as a Horror Game. But for once, it's really really cool to have a horror game in which camp-enthusiasts are not encouraged to laugh in jest at the weirdness of the tentacle-faced monsters you face. Near Death's only opponent is the cold - temperatures below 100 degrees celcius, and winds that have the power to turn a sprint into a 1-foot-per-second crawl.Progress in the game involves a long series of fetch quests through the facility's many buildings. Any room without a total vacuum seal against the outside is freezing cold, meaning that sometimes your progress through buildings may have to be taken in steps, and some rooms have such large breaches that you'll need to rush your looting to avoid freezing.The game is actually quite brutal just in the challenge of getting between buildings. Mercifully, you have a compass, but even with that, it's very easy to lose your bearings in such total darkness, and even high winds reducing your speed. You can redeem yourself by planning ahead and crafting light / rope poles to make return trips easier, but even these can go wrong. More than once I made a stupendous trek through the snow, found the building, got inside, only to find out that through my desperate run, I ended up at the wrong building (or, even, the back door of the building I had left from).Sometimes, I thought ""F*** it. The doors here are frozen over?? This turnout feels unfair. I want to give up. Kill me so I can go back to my last quicksave."" But...something about the theming of the situation made me reconsider. I thought about moments in The Martian where Mark exhibits just about the same feelings. It made me want to turn those situations around. I knew I wouldn't reach the building I was aiming for, but I kept going, kept trying to recover my goals, because a person in this real situation wouldn't get a second chance. I certainly did die a few times, even playing on Easy Mode (I first tried Hard Mode, but found myself rushing so much to get warm / not waste kerosene I actually missed an important tutorial message - Easy still gave me much of the intended feel of the game)Near Death is very short, so buy it if you tend to not have enough spare time to finish off most games in your Steam backlog, since you could very likely easily binge through it in one gaming session. I felt like it was unique enough and well-executed enough to be worth my time either way."
,Recommended,327560,24687303,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,TouriStarr,"Near Death is a narrative survival game in a dark, cold environment. You are stranded in a research station in Antarctica. It's cold, it's dark outside and you are alone.'The Martian' in Antarctica. A clear, simple, straight forward mission: survive the cold till rescue!'It's much more of an action/exploration game with a story structure and player tools that you improvise with to get around the base during terrible weather.'If you like Firewatch, Kona and TLD, this game could be something for you.edit:It's also worth mentioning, that the soundtrack nicely accompanies the different stages of the game and emphasize the feeling of being stranded."
76561198050456603,Recommended,327560,34447001,Posted: 23 August,all,Adorno,This game lets me pretend I want to live. It's nice to feel that sometimes.
,Not Recommended,327560,34964812,Posted: 14 September,all,[[!]] NuclearDog,"tl;dr - Kinda fun game if you're into survival/inventory management games. Pretty basic story but kept me engaged. Not enough content and not enough replayability for the price.The game mechanics themselves were fairly repetitive - besides a little bit of inventory management and crafting ~5 item recipes and ~5 upgrades, there was only fetch quests running across the map trying not to get lost. I still enjoyed it to some extent because I love exploration.Playing at a leisurely pace, completing all optional objectives, exploring as much as I could, and wandering back and forth for a half hour because I couldn't find the quest item because it was poorly described and difficult to see... It was still only a 3 hour game.Ultimately, have to say I wouldn't recommend this because $17CAD for no more than 3 hours of repetitive gameplay with basically no replayability is just too expensive. If you ever run across this on sale for $5 or something, go for it."
,Recommended,327560,32439749,Posted: 15 June,all,Grumpy PugGamer,"This is a simple straight forward survival game.  There are no mosters, no NPCs, or anything but yourself in the Artic.  You feel the need to run from building to build and basic crafting to survive so that you can finally get home.  It is a short game, but it will be worth the playthrough."
,Recommended,327560,24910838,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,My'ka,"Game is pretty great, I've played a few horror games and this game had the same feeling too it albeit your only enemy was the cold.Would love to submit a bug report though, If you aren't paying attention on your ride back on the gondola you can phase through the back of it, and fall into a barely escapable terrain..All in all though 9/10"
,Recommended,327560,28467527,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Raggamuffin,"Five Word Review: Enjoyable experience due to atmosphere.Favorite Thing: The atmosphere, feeling of isolation and urgency were great.Least Favorite Thing: Gameplay was a bit light/repetitive.Playtime: ~ 2hEnjoyment: 7/10Recommendation: It's definitely worth a play through."
,Recommended,327560,29329817,Posted: 17 January,all,codekitchen,"I really enjoyed this, so refreshing to have a solid survival game without the horror, or even any combat at all. It's short, but I'm glad, any longer and it would have definitely gotten repetitive."
76561197978259892,Recommended,327560,29256648,Posted: 14 January,all,airmail,"Atmospheric. Daunting. Cold. Mysterious. Horrifying. Ambient. Fun.This game ♥♥♥♥ing rocks. The nailed the atmospere, which is something most games fail to do. When you're alone and the snow hits.. it gets dark.. and the ♥♥♥♥ing MUSIC kicks in. Whoever did the sound track did an amazing job. The proper music kicks in at the proper times and it sounds perfect for the mood and ambience that should be set. ♥♥♥♥ing stellar execution!Highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,327560,33467744,Posted: 11 July,all,Twistor,"Briefly: An intense survival story game surprises with its simplicity and shows that it doesn't need a monster to maintain suspension.There was a sharp contrast with the weather in-game and IRL when I first playedNear Death: I mean, in the middle of the Finnish summer, short as it is, I washotwhile in-game I was freezing at below 80 degrees C temperatures and fighting for my life.Near Deathis a convoluted experience. It's a survival story about not freezing to death. It's also got simple crafting mechanics and some exploration aspects.However, the emphasis is really on the story and the desperate atmosphere. The limited resources demand action and constantly pushing forward. It isnot a horror gamedespite its gloomy looks and rather obvious sources of inspiration, although the situation presented would be considered horrendous in most scales. Yet the atmosphere is intense and keeps you on your toes.Introduction: The fallStory begins as you crash-land to Antarctica in the middle of the (polar) night. Alone in the dark, the only spark of hope is the nearby research station. Alas, it is abandoned. You have to get out of here before lack of heat, hunger and shear exhaustion bring you down!The story is simple, yet powerful. You set out to gather various resources and find shelter. Not only are the supplies extremely limited, there's also what would be considered the blizzard of the century coming up if it were experienced way up here in the squishy latitudes. Your only solace: a contact in another station. But the news are always bad.So coldAtmosphere inNear Deathis immense: darkness engulfs the landscape and only dim storm lights lead the way to a shelter. And the storm is getting stronger.Fairly intuitive, you will die of hypothermia if you stay too long in the cold. A main game resource is heat and how to retain it long enough to complete all your tasks. Fortunately you've got a heater that can be used in-doors, as long as the room is sealed.However, heater takes fuel. Your meagre flash-light requires batteries and it keeps running out. Good thing the protagonist has a knack for tinkering and can craft all kinds of nifty tools and upgrades. No silly combining is required, you just click on the craftable item in the inventory and she creates it if there's enough parts at hand.The constant rush forward is relaxed only after you get the power up and may think about your slim options.Short but intensiveThe whole game only takes a few hours to complete but it is intense. There are four difficulty options, fromeasytoCondition 1, the latter a reference to the classification of the most extreme weather conditions on Antarctica. Difficulty affects the amount of resources, the resilience of the protagonist and the duration of the flashlight batteries/heater fuel.Almost bug-free, only once I got stuck in some snow bank and promptly died of cold. I experienced no crashes during any of my playthroughs. I played it once on Normal (I took ~4 hours) before playing it through thrice on Condition 1 (~2 hours per new game).The experience was so cool (pardon the pun) that I feelNear Deathhas great re-playability (hence my extra playthroughs), even after grabbing all the achievements. I feel that a great part of the reason was the intense ending that only feels stronger at higher difficulties.The game is unfortunately quite short so maybe the €15 ask-price is a bit steep, but on a sale, I think it's well worth at least €10. It surely made me appreciate our double-paned windows in a new light."
,Recommended,327560,26097482,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Foolish Basterd,"This game was fantastic. To be honest, the replayability may be limited but it is thoroughly enjoyable. Literally one of the best indie games I have ever played. If you're wondering whether or not to buy this? BUY THIS."
76561197968858994,Recommended,327560,24682995,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Blind Potato,"I just finished the game. 3.4 hours logged with a few quickloads (if I had to guess, maybe around 12) and restarts in the beginning and I have to say I really enjoyed the game. It was brief, obviously. The game felt as though it should have been an episode of a larger game, so for the money, I'm not sure your average consumer would say it was worth it. But, for me it was worth it - much better than plopping $25 to sit through another mindless Avengers movie.The game's atmosphere is superb. I felt physically frozen for most of the game. The lack of light, blinding snow, and the destroyed, almost post apocalyptic setting was marvelous. Right from the jump, your situation feels completely hopeless. After dying the first few times so easily, I wondered how long my persistence would hold up. But, after figuring out a couple critical mechanics, I was off and running. The feeling of isolation saturates the game's feeling of hopelessness. The crafting system is simple and absolutely necessary regarding a few items. Some items you may disregard, as YMMV, but each item can have a significant impact on your situation. It was an intense, brutal 3 hours of gameplay.Now, I simply have to point out how much this game resembles The Long Dark. Audio clues, the protagonist's voice, even certain sections of the soundtrack were ripped directly from The Long Dark. These things were really easy to recognize, as I have probably put in a couple hundred  hours in TLD. The similarities were so much that after 15 minutes into the game I began wondering if this game is merely a pilot for an episode the creators for TLD were planning to include in their game. So, I suppose that should say a lot about how well Near Death was done, since TLD is probably the greatest Indie survival game currently available."
,Recommended,327560,33525144,Posted: 13 July,all,Mr.RoBoT,"At first, I was worried that as a survival game would be boring without having enemies. But this game nailed it!!The fear of cold and darkness, the atmosphere and the feel of isolation are just damn good.I get nervous everytime I go out from base to another, and when I get lost in the dark, I start to panic and running in random direction hoping to see light of hope while I'm freezing to death."
,Recommended,327560,31352926,Posted: 25 April,all,Yukimare The Oshawott,"A VERY great game for a discount. Just beware of the short play time and imperfect map details that crop up if you decide to explore late game.Without spoiling the story, it is a very neat concept, and the gameplay is very well polished. Barring the fact that the only source of death is freezing. (Trust me, I tested by jumping in a suicidal manner off the radio tower. Survived unharmed, the only hazard is endding up in a part of the map where you can't escape) It does a great job of showing off the nerative via just one VA and the teletype, and sorta makes me wish I had one of those things of my own... ah well, those are likely outdated now.The issues with the game however is the surprisingly short playtime, as it takes typically only 1-3 hours to finish the game, even on the hardest difficulty, to wrap up, assuming no deaths... and the map when you get around to exploring. You can't tell during normal intended play due to the snowstorms and fog and darkness, but if you decide to explore during the post game letup of the storm, you can detect more then a few areas where the map just cuts off suddenly, with invisable walls to deny falling off the map. Thankfuly, the ease of getting the achevements is just as good, so you are not forced to grind like hell to get all the achevements. If achevement hunting is your game, at most two playthroughs should be sufficient to get 100% completion in that 3 hour time. Depending on your luck for a rather scarse resource needed for two upgrades and a achevement.All in all, worth the 6.74 USD I paid for. 15$... not so sure. So wait for a steam sale or something to bring the price down."
76561197971164646,Recommended,327560,28725929,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Gozney,"Absolutely engrossing minimalist survival adventure. Short but sweet. Great visuals, sound, music and neat survival mechanics create a very immersive feeling of loneliness and desperation. Played it beginning to end on a cold Winter's day and felt like I'd really been through something."
,Recommended,327560,33937087,Posted: 31 July,all,Kain Klarden,"Near Death is, for all intents and purposes, a survival game. Unlike the sandbox survival titles that are usually associated with ""survival"", however, this game is story-driven, hand crafted with little to no random elements and, while it doesn't avoid the concept of ""crafting"", it has more in common with the permanent upgrades you'd see in a metroidvania here than collecting random junk to created another random junk. In fact, despite one open map, the game is very much linear.Which is, probably, the biggest gripe I have with it. With the way the story progresses and the map is set up, I'm genuinely surprised the developers locked down exploration as much as they did with outright not giving you tools necessary to progress before they want you to by just making them unpickable. Which, unlike other key stuff the character would really have no reason to pick up until it becomes important, looks extremely stupid and also introduces the ugly ""okay, now what"" problem, when you have explored a location before you had to and have no clue that now you have to go back to it again.All that said, this is quite a unique and amazing experience with you stumbling in extreme conditions from building to building, from room to room, searching for a warm place and something helpful to scavenge. To fix the rooms, to make navigation between buildings easier. It's a unique concept, which, while looking less beautiful and impressive as in Cryostasis, works really well and shows how exploration games can be made and how many themes, locales and ideas are still left unexplored for truly engaging experience. I would highly recommend checking Near Death for while it is deeply flawed, it is also very fun. Also, a great game to play during hot summer."
76561197990719987,Recommended,327560,28224359,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Kill him -------->,"Very very good . I've just finished the game and i can tell that is fantastic ! The gameplay is the classic adventure mixed with some survival , that with the beautiful atmosphere that the game can create makes a game that can make you get stuck on the monitor till the end. 5 start . The only 2 critics that i can do is : for first the duration , for me at this price it's good and all the stuff but is short to play ( unless you want to have all the achievement of the game). The second critic is that at the end of the game , without making spoilers , the finding of the objects become very ripetitive . But good work ! i'm waiting for some unespectated dlc for more mods or maps ;)"
,Recommended,327560,24907041,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Arpogest,"Probably the harshest and the most nerve-recking story based survival experience out there, which is going to pierce you through and stay inside for quite a while."
76561198032375135,Recommended,327560,32751264,Posted: 24 June,all,NickNack,"Near Death is a survival sandbox indie title similar to The Long Dark or Stranded Deep. It is a bare-bones, but delightful experience overall.The game is set in 1980's Antarctica, and it is all about surviving cold temperatures. The player is placed in the boots of an unnamed female pilot who crashes (because helicopters in video games) and has to survive in an abandoned base.The only real mechanic to worry about is body heat. The player gets colder and colder until she dies, and can only warm up by sealing the doors and using a portable heater (or turning the generators on.) Hazards include storms, broken windows, pitch black conditions, and other fun things.The game is easy to get a hold of, looks very nice, and is very well polished. There were a few clipping issues where I phased through closing doors, but ultimately, nothing was confusing, and the game's two characters (Miss Pilot and a man she talks to on what passes for 1980's texting) have loads of charm.If you're into survival games, pick this up. It's easy to play and understand. Fairly short (I beat it in an afternoon).Survive out there."
76561197991940839,Recommended,327560,26363431,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,JackyG,Holy hell this was excellent. A game where your choices matter in a far more important way than most. I in my infinite wisdom decided to play this for the first time on Condition 1 difficulty. There were times where I was dying and reloading faster than a level of super meat boy.I'm sure I missed some but for the last hour or so of the game I couldn't find any kerosene so instead had to rely on crafting as many rope and light poles as I could to get the resources I needed from A to B. It was a game of trial and error that couldn't be more thrilling.Natural puzzle solving at its finest but this game truly shined when I ended up battling my own bad decisions from earlier in the game on how to use the limited resources available. Usually a games biggest flaws become painfully apparent on the harder difficulties but with Near Death it only showed me that whatever problem I am facing now it's because I wasn't prepared enough beforehand.Utterly outstanding.
,Recommended,327560,25991555,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,WiseOwl,"What a great game. Beat it in one sitting and the whole time I was on the edge of my seat. The game flows brilliantly and has a great anecdotal sense about it that is supported by a narrative that is what it needs to be. A great voice that hints towards your hidden stats along with dizzying visuals when your status is critical. A beautiful and desolate soundtrack that doesnt detract from the atmospheric gameplay. Tough decisions need to be made fast in this ravaging survival game, it is easy to get turned around when you first start playing. I appreciate that Near Death was not a sandbox game which allowed it to explicitly drive the player forward. It was indeed short but in an age where a new survival sim comes out almost every other week I am was pleased. I played on normal which I kind of regret as once you near the middle point a lot of your gear isn't 100% required once you have your bearings. For hardcore survival fans I would recommend at least Hard difficulty (and maybe pop your brightness down a few extra clicks).Overall I was satisfyed with the experience and the purchase."
,Recommended,327560,32787400,Posted: 25 June,all,Woody,"I completely recommend this game. If you like single-player survivals without any grinding ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t this is for you. One story, one strong theme. This is a really well designed game that is worth the money for the few hours you will put into it. The gameplay is fair, for each challenge there is a counter. The atmosphere is spot on with a decent mix between graphics, sfx and sound creating a consistent style. Basically it feels like a story driven light version of The Long Dark without it's unbelievable skies."
,Recommended,327560,30388683,Posted: 8 March,all,MisleadingBanana,"This game is so short, but at the same time it's so incredibly atmospheric and unique. It's more than worth it to pick this game up if you'd like an intense and incredibly genuine survival experience. I can see a great deal of potential replaying this game on higher difficulties and for speedrunning.P.S. It has one of the most simple yet satisfying endings that I've had the pleasure of seeing in a good while."
,Recommended,327560,34326116,Posted: 18 August,all,PyramidHeadcrab,"Not a horror game in the traditional sense, but a great ""walking simulator"" survival game where the only monster is the desolate terror and frigid cold of a very real place on Earth. Thoroughly enjoyed this short gaming experience."
76561197989752060,Recommended,327560,28639390,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Lord Soth,"Once again a real nice but short survival game. You’re always afraid to freeze, you feel abandoned and alone and you always feel close to, well … death. For me „Near Death“ was not as good as „Firewatch“ or „Gone home“, both had a better story. But I definitely loved the antartica setting, really scary. As a slow player it took me about 5 hours to finish, so don’t expect to play much longer than 3 hours if you hurry up. But this 3 hours will be exciting and great, I promise.(sidenote: As mentioned before - this would be the perfect setting for a new „The Thing“-game, please make this happen, it would be so great!)"
,Recommended,327560,31385880,Posted: 26 April,all,johntherussian,"Very short, but nice and ""relaxing"" game. Gives a great sense of immersion and urgency. Overall a nice little gem."
76561198019023880,Recommended,327560,34412516,Posted: 22 August,all,Waaabafet!,"Would recommend!not a horror game but I would call it a survival thriller. Quite an exhilirating game, played it all in one sitting, didn't want to disrupt the flow.It's you against mother nature, stranded at a desolate antartic facility, you must survive the harsh and frigid surroundings, gameplay is great and keeps you on the edge of your seat. You can really feel a sense of desperation and will to survive in the game, props to the devs. I really liked and hated the snowstorms as it made me realise if you don't make a proper breadcrumb trail back you can get seriously screwed when trying to return, adding some scrambling and feelings of despair.Pros-Bug free, game runs perfectly.- One of the few survival games where I actually was struggling with my inventory causing me to get concerned I was running out of resources.- awesome atmosphere, the weather has never been this badass-clear cut objectives-obvious health conditions (you won't randomly freeze without realizing it)Con:I felt it was a bit punishing to explore against the story as you would waste resources and get stuck, so don't try and find story items before you are told to!"
,Recommended,327560,24716003,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,T-Bone Biggins,"Hmm, this one is actually hard to review. It's a very good game. It's just very short, took me 3 hours to complete and I felt like I was taking my time. It's a single scenario, very good atmosphere, really well done in general. Runs easy even on a crappy older computer, but I did have framerate lag issue for like 20 seconds where game stuttered for no reason during my first 3 hour run. I do want to play this game again on harder difficulty. It's really like a well-made interactive movie.The environ is creepy by itself much like the original The Thing movie. Here there are no aliens, monsters, nothing. Just cold and wind in an eternal dark that seems to get darker occasionally. Doesn't sound bad compared to aliens on mars from hell but it is very atmospheric. You keep flipping the flashlight off as much as you can because batteries left in the cold have little charge, and you don't know how many you will find. Ditto for Kerosene. Tension is made very well. There isn't any cheap monster-in-the-closet scares like in the old Doom games, this game creates legit tension. Very well made. Minor nag, protaganist is female. Would help immersion for me if it was a male protaganist. Still well-done game.Summary: For current price I got it it is very short, replayability is limited. If it hits sale get it by all means. Me paying $13.49 (release price, 10% off) is about the price of a $12 movie ticket here, this is longer than a movie at 3 hours and was a way better experience. Plus I have it here to play again if I want or I can let family members give it a run, so in that aspect it isn't so bad. If it hits 50% off then for sure jump on it, Near Death is a good experience."
,Recommended,327560,32913253,Posted: 27 June,all,kekik,"This game becomes more challenging with potato compupter, I literally don't want to go out because blizzard not just freezing me, also freezing my computer."
,Recommended,327560,24690440,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,CrazyCanuck,"OverviewNear Deathis a survival game, in which you’re stuck in the Antarctic, and you have only one issue to worry about: cold. Every part of your journey through Sutro Station will have you contending with an increasing cold and heavier wind.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZsdVosHBCkThe game is similar toThe Long Darkin its concept, butNear Deathtakes it a bit further and adds an active story. You are a pilot who has crash landed near Sutro Station, a research facility in the Antarctic. Your first objective is to find warmth. Once you’re temporarily heated up, you need to make contact with another base. As the game takes place in the early 1980’s, you do this by interacting with teletype machines, which is where the bulk of the story is told from. You’ll need to restore power to buildings for warmth, find parts, and rebuild a vehicle, all while battling the elements.As you progress in the game, it gets colder and the wind gets more harsh, meaning that’s less time you’re able to spend outside before needing to warm up. It’ll eventually be -100, making traversal quite difficult. The wind plays an active role against you, and slows your progress down; if you’re walking against the wind, you’ll move extremely slow, making crouching the faster bet, and if you’re walking with the wind, you’ll move pretty much unhindered.To help you navigate when you can’t see more than ten feet ahead of you, you can craft light poles and rope poles. Lights can be planted anywhere to mark something of interest (perhaps a shed you can duck into to place your heater), and rope poles can be used to help navigate so you don’t get lost. Walking next to a rope will help your movement, even in heavy wind.The game contains a fairly basic crafting system, and components are pretty easy to come by. You can make window patches to block off broken windows, allowing you to warm up inside that room. You can craft lights and ropes (as mentioned above), repair kits to restore power, a liner for your jacket and pants, which reduces the frequency of your body heat loss, and a few other items.Near Deathlooks pretty good. You’re on a research base, so the buildings all have a pretty similar style, but the environment itself is great to look at, and all the objects in the world have a distinct 80’s look to them, from the old computers to the teletypes to even the filing cabinets and equipment.There is an awesome soundtrack accompanying the game, and the sound effects really make you feel like you’re stuck there. Having the wind howl in your face while your feet crunch the snow underneath is a pretty terrific experience.Unfortunately, there’s not much replayability to the game. There are two difficulties, normal and easy. I’m not sure what the exact differences are, but I assume on easy you can spend more time outside before needing heat, and perhaps crafting items costs less materials. I finished the game in about 2.5 hours, on the normal difficulty. I missed some item blueprint somewhere, so I’ll go back and find that, but otherwise, there isn’t much of a reason to revisit the game. The world is the same, the story is the same, and the game will always follow the same outcome.ProsGood adventureEasy to die and requires some good management of your warmthSeveral options of warming up (batten down a room, restore power)Decent storyLinear story with semi-open world advancementLooks and sounds goodFun back and forth with your partner at the other stationConsFairly short at just over two hours (less if you don’t explore)Not much replay valueSummaryWell worth the cost,Near Deathis a fantastic survival game that makes it somewhat easier on you by giving you only one stat to manage: warmth. Exploring the frigid Antarctic makes for a tense experience, and one you will enjoy if you like survival games."
,Recommended,327560,24721872,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Morian,"A damn good game that is about survival without feeling like any of the 200 other survival games you've played since Minecraft came out.  Made me just as afraid of going outside in game as I am in real life.  Come for the crippling loneliness and hopelessness of artic survival, and stay for that because it's damn good and there's pretty much nothing like it."
76561198200294538,Recommended,327560,29975562,Posted: 16 February,all,scarecow,Great game. Short but you can fell the tension. Weather and the lack of human interaction are your worst enemy. I would recommend to others.
76561198030998478,Recommended,327560,24735850,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,sir.nomad.25,"I loved this game.  It was baeutifully intense, yet never too difficult.  I always felt like I wasn't going to make it as the challenges progressed I never felt at ease and the game didn't become repetative.  And then at the very end it becomes serene and there is a moment when the whole play area seems at peace and beatiful.  I spent time working in similar conditions and it brought back memories for me.  The dialogue (or is it called telelogue) was entertaining and natural.  A very High Speed Low Drag Game.  And a refreshing break from shooting at virtual people."
,Recommended,327560,33111826,Posted: 1 July,all,Sir_Meowsalot,"Cold, dark, tense, and fun as heck! There are no jump scares and there are no monsters. Just our protagonist and the elements. An intensely compact game that can be finished within a few hours at most, but packs an incredible amount of tension and palpable fear of the cold. The immense struggle to compare this to more famous survival games is hard to let go, but I'll instead wish to point out that there is no amount lacking in conveying the unforgiving nature of being alone in the cold hoping to just make it to the next building to warm up.The environmental detail is sparse - but then again this is a land of ice and snow. The game succintly develops a sense of tension as the weather whips up and the cold drops down further and further around you. There is an amazing soundtrack that creates an oppressive feeling in your ears when you wander into the darkness. It's a pulsing sound like that of a heartbeat. Which leaves you feeling paranoid, alone, and as if something is hunting you. The Artic has thrilled the minds of explorers and scientists since it was first recorded. And has taken it's fair share of lives of the brave, unfortunate, and unlucky. When the very elements of the land are so hostile and dangerous to people that is the greatest threat and it's fascinating that this game was able to re-create this feeling.I greatly enjoyed this game and recommend it to anyone who wants a short but great game. I highly recommend playing this in the dark with headphones. I hope the developers of this game will create something akin to it in the near future with the same nuanced fear inducing feeling.Better dress up warm."
,Recommended,327560,30090607,Posted: 21 February,all,Elektordi,"Even if the game is a bit short (took me 3-4 hours in normal difficulty), it was a very good experience!Who could know a so small area can be so difficult to navigate in, when it's snowing? :DGood points:- Real survival (without zombies or stuff like that)- Free roam possible, you can visit buildings before the scenario needs you to.- The ""safe zone"" system and electricity management is a very good idea.Bad points:- Too short (already said that)- Note to devs: stop thinking everybody have a QWERTY keyboard!!! Some key cannot be remapped...Exept that, I really liked this game!"
,Recommended,327560,30070629,Posted: 20 February,all,adeilt,"Tense.  Intense.  Great atmosphere.  Good story.  Lean.  Mean.It delivers on exactly what it says it will in the description, and it delivers well.  There are no monsters.  No hidden agendas.  No plot twists.  It's just you vs. Antarctica in a winter storm.  It's more than enough, believe me.  :)"
76561198117906576,Recommended,327560,28675424,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,nabster,"As someone who loves games like The Long Dark and snow in general, this game was a pleasant suprise. I picked it up for a few euros in the Autumn sale, expecting mediocre gameplay. I am happy to say that I was wrong. While quite short, this was definitely worth the time and money I invested into it."
76561198115889459,Recommended,327560,28881143,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,alpabi,"DON'T MISS THIS ON SALE!!!A great tidy little survival game with a proper short story. Has a great atmosphere.Gives me a similar eerie feeling I got while playing S.O.M.A., and I'm glad that this one doesn't have any monsters shoehorned in. I really liked the antarctic night atmosphere.The game plays out a few very good ideas and has clear goals and ending. 3 hours well spent."
76561198091197472,Recommended,327560,29294248,Posted: 16 January,all,Jtaylor18,"Near Death was a game I picked up on sale with mild expectations but was actually blown away by. The premise is very simple but the devs manage to do a lot with it. The game reminded me a lot of Penumbra, with a monsterless metroidvania twist. The puzzles are all believable scenarios as you try and find your way across an ambandoned base and slowly bring enough systems back online to keep yourself from freezing to death while also forming a plan to get back to humanity.It all comes together to make a very immersive story that is surprisingly tense for your only enemy being nature itself. When I started the game I pretty much ignored using rope poles and light beacons since everything seemed easy enough to find just using the map and compass. But as the weather worsened and took a huge toll on visiblity and mobility those simple tools became life savers for traveling between the longer streches between some parts of the base.All in all I'd highly recommend Near Death to anyone who enjoys a unique immersive experience. Although being trapped in an antartic base isnt a new premise, this is the most realistic representation of it I've seen so far. The game is short but it doesnt outlive its welcome, and a simple surprise they put at the end really gives you a great sense of accomplishment once you're on your final stretch home :) ."
76561198053664528,Recommended,327560,29167336,Posted: 10 January,all,alocker31,"Not a long game, but a good one."
76561197970767626,Not Recommended,327560,34378009,Posted: 20 August,all,evilbred,"Kind of fun, it was only 2 hours however, and yet gameplay still managed to become a little repeititive (criss cross the camp on fetch and retrieve missions),Would have definately benefitted from some additional thought in terms of variety of game play mechanics.I can't recommend the game at the price ($16) due to the repetitive gameplay and short play time."
,Recommended,327560,24727530,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,JHF Gaming,"A wonderful, immersive adventure game!I have sat and had an intense 3 hours on this game and I have to say it has been fully enjoyable.  This game is very good at hooking you in and immersing you in a scenario of bleakness that you can't come away from.  The gameplay is fun, challenging and at points nerve wracking.  The world looks wonderful considering the game is set in the Antartic during Polar Night.  I think the developer has made a wonderful game.Only niggle for me is the price when you compare it to other games on Steam.  I feel this game should sit around the £6.99 marker.  Most people are reporting a completion within 3-5 hours which is a little shallow, although understandable considering the games setting.  I just think if you compare it to other £6.99 games this sits as a master of that price point.Check out my video review of the game belowhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xG3MLhsiDZ8Just Have Fun!"
76561198040451397,Recommended,327560,30046580,Posted: 19 February,all,Asso,"Who said this game it's too short? I may be not an expert gamer but I spent about 9 round hours before completing it. AND I LOVED every single minute.Good writing, good game mechanics and no enemies to shoot at for once. Pure survival.Both thumbs up!Buy this game and play it on cold winter nights."
,Recommended,327560,29924190,Posted: 14 February,all,ColdAtrophy,"It's simple, immersive, and atmospheric. I've played it for about two hours now, and while I suspect it will be short, I feel I'm getting my money's worth. You kinda have to be into this sort of game obviously, but if you enjoy games that offer an adventure, an experience that you are very unlikely to get to have in real life, stop reading reviews and buy it already. It's even on sale this week."
76561198169378044,Recommended,327560,33419981,Posted: 9 July,all,Buddy Dee's Ghost,"Middle of July.  91 degrees outside.  Need hot chocolate!I finished this game after about 8 hours of binge playing.  Realism factor is strong cause this situation could really happen.  Fluid gameplay and real sense of reward when you solve problems.  One strong, but short, theme.This game was one of the most immersive experiences since Vampire: the Masquerade.   Got it on sale too so..bonus!"
11616161111116111,Recommended,327560,29957182,Posted: 15 February,all,11,Amazing Game!Casual playthrough takes around 4 hoursGameplay feels very similar to Firewatch (In a good way)Definitely worth the $7.49 sale priceHas replay value for higher difficulty modes / attaining 100% achievement completion
76561198068431321,Recommended,327560,29992028,Posted: 17 February,all,mijxero,"I really enjoyed this game.  It sets a great atmosphere and the story was simple yet effective.  There are really moments that make you take a second to enjoy, such as completing a rope line, spotting one of your lights when you think you are lost, or even sealing off a room to warm up.  Unfortunately I would say that for a 2 hour game, I think 7.50 (50% off) was a little steep.  I don't think it has much replayability so you just have to decide how much you want to pay for a good 2 hours of freezing your♥♥♥♥♥off simulator."
76561198039051867,Recommended,327560,29940388,Posted: 15 February,all,Licopolis,"Short but nicely wrapped story. Your only enemy is weather. The game isn't scary, it's just difficult. At some points resources become scarce and you'll need to make some management."
76561198271686174,Recommended,327560,29934759,Posted: 14 February,all,jkskhaley,"Great game, really enjoyed the immersion.   Super effects, nice music.   Thumbs up!"
,Recommended,327560,30046264,Posted: 19 February,all,Ragna,"Finished the game in 4,3 hours but paid almost nothing for it.Good experience.I really liked how hard is to walk around the base while in a storm.Even with a map most of the time I had no idea where I was going.I was afraid this was another boring walking simulator like firewatch(GARBAGE), but not.This is a really good game 7,5/10"
76561198182925578,Recommended,327560,30074104,Posted: 20 February,all,akda24,I just loved this game. I wish it was longer. The game is short and It is a bit expensive (even when its on sale) but the journey is amazing.I would definitely recomend it.
76561198065867547,Recommended,327560,32418894,Posted: 14 June,all,DeN_DarK,"Short, interesting survival game. Recommended on max (condition 1) difficulty."
,Recommended,327560,33443367,Posted: 10 July,all,shikkaba,I haven't felt so cold on a warm summer's day in ages.
,Recommended,327560,34074093,Posted: 6 August,all,cdutson,"Overall I enjoyed Near Death. It was visually striking, the sound engineering is great, and th story is simple, but compelling enough. It does lend itself to careful planning, lest you end up replaying the same section a couple times with trial and error (such was my case). The area is small, but you won't feel that way when storms kick up! More than once I ignored the advice to lay down lights and ropes, only to get horribly turned around and perish. You feel the pressure this game puts on you.Things I didn't like:- There is no way to easily return tothe greenhouseif you didn't clear it out the first time around.- The gondala lift can only be ridden in one direction, once. If you, like me, went to the wrong area first and rode it back down, you're in for a bad time.- Having to fight with doors. By the end of the game I was having to attempt to close some doors 7-12 times. There's a point where it stops being dramatic and starts feeling like artificially inflating the difficulty."
,Recommended,327560,33299265,Posted: 5 July,all,RageMojo,"You are the pilot of a resupply plane returning to McMurdo base after a drop. Weather forces you to crash near a recently abandonded research outpost. You survive without injury but the base has left little for you to use. Surviving the cold is your main focus.This game will not appeal to everyone. It is short, and it is a simple concept. But sometimes simple is better.There are no monsters, no zombies, no wild animals trying to eat you, no leveling up, or building castles. It is you against the cold. There is some light crafting to repair circut breakers, or cover broken windows, for example, but the game focuses on gathering what you need for long term survival while doing what you can to not freeze to death at any moment.This makes for better pacing than a traditional survival game where you have a rush to be ready for night, or fend off an attack, then later sit back and gloat over your massive construction efforts or resource stockpiles.I may have been put off by the length if i had paid full price, but i got it on sale. I played through on Normal and then on Condition 1 and it took about 10.5 hours.The replay value may be low for some people, but this is the kind of game i will personally do a speed run on occaisonally and once every couple years try it on Condition 1 setting again. I have no regrets having this in my library."
76561197999045915,Recommended,327560,34355052,Posted: 19 August,all,DaSkruff,"This, is a very neat little game.It's short, but there's not much else like it out there. Beat the game in just under 3 hours, so I would recommend grabbing in on sale somewhere in the $7-$10 range- you'll probably at most get double that hourage if you're looking to grab all the trophies.The game does a great job of creating a constant sense of urgency, without being overwhelming brutal (on the normal difficulty), and there's a scene at the end of the game that's almost literal magic. It's one of those experiential things that is less about what occurs on paper, but how it impacts you directly as a player, how it makes YOU feel, and that alone makes me recommend this to ANYONE who enjoys good storytelling."
76561198052705243,Recommended,327560,33667709,Posted: 20 July,all,Yazu13,"Near Death, a game about surviving alone in Antarctica after your plane crashes near an abandoned research facility, is a treat of smart and unique game design.  It's a short but sweet experience, with a simple premise elevated by its attention to detail and valuable sense of progression.You start things off out in the open, facing down the chill and inky darkness of the derelict facility with only a flashlight to help peer through the night and a kerosene lantern for warmth.  The flashlight has limited life unless supplied with fresh batteries, and the lantern will only warm you in sealed spaces, but only when fueled with vital kerosene; both of which can be found in precious scarcity throughout the facility.  Some parts of the facility interior have busted windows letting in the cold or doors held open by the wind which need to be patched up and shut respectively.  This is where some light crafting comes into play as the remains of canvases and duct tape allow for makeshift seals, letting you break out your lantern to ward off death once a room is closed off from the elements.  These mechanics never feel cumbersome either, as progress is saved regularly and you learn to think in small goals; taking baby steps to ensure survival rather than making a mad dash from one end of the map to the other, freezing to death in the process.  Immersion is a big part of the experience as well, as the only indicators that you're getting too cold or have fully warmed up is through convincing voice acting; shivering in the cold growing more and more panicked or a quick ""much better"" after huddling with your lantern.The key to survival then, is braving the outdoors in hopes of making it alive to the next sealed facility space to warm up and look for supplies, then continuing on to the next major goal.  It's easy to get disoriented when out in the elements however, as the few, sparse lights of the barely functioning facility act as dim beacons in the dark and the wind rages against your progress.  It very accurately captures the feeling of struggling to find safety as your head bobs violently, exhausting yourself before barely reaching respite.  Yet narrowly escaping death and warming yourself in a new space, filled with supplies, is a feeling of pure joy and quickly becomes a highlight of the game.  It never feels unfair when you die, but rather, an error in calculation.  Perhaps you tried to go too far in a single trek and had the misfortune of coming upon a door that's been frozen shut with no more time to look elsewhere before you freeze.  You quickly learn from these mistakes, and learn the facility bit by bit, so you reload your last save and try to be smarter next time.In short time, you come into contact with help via a teletype 2-way messaging system, and from there are given some hope for rescue and instructions as to how to survive long enough to be saved and bring some of the facility back online.  Turning a part of the facility from a barren deathtrap into a self-heating haven is elating, and offers a welcome break from the survival aspects of the game; allowing you to save on batteries and kerosene.  Rescue is still a long ways off however thanks to the turbulent weather, so basking in your small victory must give way to soldiering on and securing more long-term means of survival.  It keeps you engaged with realistic survival objectives to achieve, and rewards you for your efforts in tangible and surprising ways.Ultimately, Near Death sets out to do one thing right, and it accomplishes it in spades.  Simulating a no-frills survival experience in a lonely, unforgiving place.  There's no monster besides nature itself, no magic to learn or shelters to construct from wood and earth, just you, some hobbled-together necessities of life, and the punishing cold and darkness.  It feels simple, but intuitive and engaging because of it.  It doesn't need to be more, and what it is is done with exceptional thought and care.  Near Death is a hidden gem in the survival genre, and it frames its own identity with a well-earned confidence."
,Recommended,327560,35435598,Posted: 2 October,all,Slushy,"I went into this game knowing that it would be difficult, but I didn't ancitipated how absolutelyintensethis game would be.Starting out knowing that my plan crashed, it was the typical start to most survival games, however you don't need to worry about food or water. Quite frankly, there isn't any sustenance in the game, and while that may break some of the immersion for some people, to me it only intensified and displayed just how urgent my situation was: I'm stranded in an abandoned facility, no food or water, electricity barely works, and all I have for communication is menial text between myself and someone at another station. Storms were difficult, and honestly terrifying at times, and I perished many times while thinkng I could make a trek when I couldn't. I had to navigate a map without a marker, making meplan and prepareany treks that I did make.Over all, the game is fantastic. It was short, and took me just under three hours to complete with all but one of the blueprints found. Despite being on the shorter end of the spectrum, the game was beautifully crafted in that I was rather psyched out every time I hear the storm, every time I frantically tried to patch a window or repair circuitry. The game doesn't need monsters or animals of any kind: the true enemy is nature itself."
,Recommended,327560,24727250,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,[MGZi] SwordsGaming,"Ok, so I dont post many reviews, but. I'll make an exception for this masterpiece. This game is short, but hard and intense. I HIGHLY recommend playing this game. If you need a Pro Con list here it is.Pros:Unique gameGood controls and gameplayNo bugs so far as I can tellDecent voice actingFun storyKeeps things interestingCons:I almost froze to death because this game is hardLate game means cant see crapand truthfully? There arent any real cons to this.Go ahead and buy it!"
76561198072359601,Recommended,327560,29919015,Posted: 14 February,all,kainfury,"Great game.Simple story, great mechanics, great atmosphere."
,Recommended,327560,25129092,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,psppwner300,"Very nice, very exhilirating, execution is almost flawless. I certainly hope there will be a sequel."
76561198003292839,Recommended,327560,24696540,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,FLKttn,"Near Deathis a nice mixture of genres that I'm honestly surprised hasn't been done more already.By now, I've seen this game compared to ""The Long Dark"" a few times.Personally, I'd also compare it to something likeFirewatchas it is very much a storydriven experience.That said, (save foroneparticular item that you find relatively early on) there's no content gating here, so you are free to ignore the narrative and just explore the entire base at your leisure - provided you can scavenge the materials to keep yourself alive while doing so.With no enemies to fight and the only objective being to stay alive in your dire condition,even something so simple as putting a cover over a broken window can feel incredibly rewarding.It's actually difficult to put into words exactlywhythis game is as good as it is.At it's core, it's basically a storydriven ""walking simulator"" with a load of fetch quests and some sandbox survival  - butdo notlet that sentence put you off because this game isa lotmore than the sum of it's parts.It has tension and it feels rewarding.I am very glad to have played it and I definetly recommend giving it a try.On the less flattering side of things, it does lack some polish in a few spots.I had some random framerate drops that makes no sense given my system specs (which you can check in my profile).There was also an issue with stuttering and mini-freezes when using the teletype machine.The graphics are also rather basic, but I feel that the atmosphere more than compensates for that."
,Recommended,327560,24836909,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Dougomite,"Good game, all the suspensful and stressful momements were all created by my own hand. There's only one scripted surprise moment and the rest of the game is just you facing the elements. Likle other reviews have mentioned it is a short experience, maybe 2-3 hours in one sitting, but it's a very engaging few hours."
76561198061683508,Recommended,327560,25627696,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Gen Erso,"A very good game. Immersive if you play it in a dark room with headphones- every time my roomate opened the door I jumped, and every time a breeze from the AC hit me I felt like I was in danger of freezing to death in real life. Even though there aren't any (as far as I've gotten) enemies trying to get you in the game, I've been conditioned by the genre to fear any moving object sattelite from myself- as such my flashlight has become my worst enemy and the shadows it makes send me spriting in the wrong direction. A thrilling storyline and gameplay. I find myself truly worried about the main character and if she's too cold, and rooting for her to find help and supplies. Not super crafting heavy (a couple plot specific items and some upgrades), which I enjoy because I don't have to monitor my inventory or spend 90% of gameplay sitting in the crafting menu making hot chocolates to give me a minor advantage. Also, the physics on the pool balls are amazing. Best part of the game 10/10 and that's not even to say it's an unimpressive game. I just had so much fun playing with the damn pool balls."
76561198077255518,Recommended,327560,24733360,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,MaxwellTheTerror,"I havent played a wholelot, but I figured I'd give the game a review cuz I can already tell how awesome it is. Ive played about 45 minutes so far and EVERYTHING has satisfied me so far. I love the visuals, love the sounds, love the story, love it all. Truly can recommend the game. I only have one flaw, its a bit steeply priced. From what Ive heard it only has a couple hours of gameplay, and if so, 15$ is a bit much, maybe 10$ would be better, nut other than that, go ahead and grab it early. If you want to see someone play it before you buy, then check out my Ironman Insane Difficulty playthrough of he game on youtube -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ek6sw37EWWs"
76561198162879138,Recommended,327560,33267633,Posted: 5 July,all,Ultimaweapon6,"this game was really good. it offers a unique experiance and gives you a feeling of isolation and desperation. i enjoyed every bit of this game and hope to see a sequel. at times i honestly felt as thoug i was alone and scared, when a game can make you feel that. its a good game"
,Recommended,327560,32820768,Posted: 26 June,all,Nameless:>,"""Near Death""The game's concept lives up to the title ""Near Death"" and it's very own unique mechanics.(May Contain Spoilers)Gameplay(My experience)The game is very amazing and amazed me the more I got into the game.I have a few words to say, this game never made me get so intense into the game as how hard it is if you play it first time without any knowledge of the game.You wander around in a antarctic station where the Celcius is below -0 down to -100 the more you make progressDetails and GraphicsI have to say very well done! nothing more I can say!Even for the screen overlays (I kinda got like scratching in sounds when I put certain of them on) cool feature and I might try it out some time laterThat's all I can say about this awesome game!I highly recommend to buy this game on sale (or if you're impatient then go ahead and buy it)"
,Recommended,327560,33005485,Posted: 29 June,all,Zapek,"This is a game that provides a true feeling of survival without being annoying. There are no monsters or enemies, just an agressive weather which requires you to move quickly between safe areas.The game is well balanced because, while you cannot explore everything at first because of the limited time you can stay outside, you'll be required to come back to certain areas, with better gear and your memory will help you to avoid getting lost, which is the true danger.The graphics aren't amazing but they're good enough and give a certain mood to the game. I played at normal difficulty, died a few times and finished it in around 3 hours, which seems short but the immersion was great and for the price it's right."
,Recommended,327560,33728270,Posted: 22 July,all,CCL sama,"Near Death is a hidden gem for survival fans. It's just you and the cold environment.Your main goal is to escape this mess in one piece by completing the main objectives.The game lenght is like 3 hours, but there are different difficulties so it can be longer if you want to replay it. So, if you like something less time consuming than ""The Long Dark"" you might like try this out. It's not a sandbox game and more linear."
,Recommended,327560,34032802,Posted: 5 August,all,Khai Mann,Short game that is a lot of fun. Really worth it if you get it on sale.
76561198053250922,Recommended,327560,34027277,Posted: 4 August,all,privileger,"I was sceptic about this game from the very beginning, but ... I was wrong. After playing few minutes you get fully immersed into the survival (no horror!) experience and it won't let you go until the very end. The game also involves your analytical skills since the resources are limited, so you should take smart decisions of where to go and what to do (to patch this window or not to patch - that's the question :). I also liked that the game is very short (takes about 3 hours to complete)."
,Recommended,327560,34041088,Posted: 5 August,all,Mister_Bucket,"I picked this up on sale for just under $5. At that price, I was very pleased with the 3.5hrs I got out of the game. That was on one playthrough, and played as a completionist. The game itself is very reminiscent of The Long Dark in many ways, but not as much for it to be at a fault. Near Death is more of a task-oriented story in an unforgiving setting, and they nailed the tension. When the weather gets bad, the game really gets rough, but realistic. If you follow the rules, heed the warning signs posted around the base, you will make it."
76561198133678722,Recommended,327560,28880219,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,mcollisprivate,"If you like the suspense of things like Alien Isolation you will love this.  Its the fight against nature (dont let that make you feel like its like a bog standard survivial game) that mother nature is a ♥♥♥♥♥ and she is fighting you all the way.I have nothing bad to say about this game.  The objectives are fairly linear to follow but thats enough trust me.Im going to go buy some AA batteries for my house torch now, just in case :)"
76561198245976492,Recommended,327560,28946943,Posted: 2 January,all,Fulgore,"A short but amazingly engrossing experience. No monsters, no zombies. Just you isolated and alone against the elements trying to survive and it's intense. The core mechanics are wonderful and the game looks and sounds great. I hope the devs create more content for it like new scenarios or new bases because it's really fun game that deserves more replayability. Definitely worth it!"
76561197961804859,Recommended,327560,33562126,Posted: 15 July,all,T-Ca$h,Awesome job devs! I loved this game. The problem is now I want more. It's just the right amount of challenging on normal mode.
76561197976837296,Recommended,327560,29134474,Posted: 8 January,all,mahkra,"High tension - always feels like you're about to die. Even though there are no enemies, it doesn't feel like a walking simulator because the environment makes every move difficult. Worsening weather makes the difficulty ramp up throughout the game as you start to learn and master the mechanics. Game length felt just right for what it was -- it takes only a few hours to beat, but it's very fun while it lasts, and making it longer probably would make it start to feel tedious unless they had additional new mechanics to introduce. $15 is a bit much, but definitely wishlist this and pick it up during a sale."
76561198011000891,Recommended,327560,33339413,Posted: 7 July,all,PRO SHOT,about to end the game. atmosphere is good. one of the best fps single player games played in a long time. throughly enjoyed it. The game grips you with surviival instincts. This game is much better than horror games.
76561197970791428,Recommended,327560,28635852,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,choldenjr,"Fun little survival exploration game. I completed easy difficulty in two hours without much trouble. It's one of those games that makes you want to dig through every crate, locker, desk, etc. to find thing for crafting items, gear upgrades and so on."
76561197960505902,Recommended,327560,31364241,Posted: 25 April,all,Retarded Vizard,"Picked it up on sale for just under 7 euro. In hindsight the original price tag would have been a bit too much for me, but would definitely recommend for ~10 euro or lower.Played on easy and was done in 2 hours. Start and ending both felt kind of cut short. Wish the story had a bit more to it. Just some more fluff about characters and environment so it feels a bit more real. But all in all it was a good experience."
,Recommended,327560,31836191,Posted: 19 May,all,JippyUK Twitch,The Long Dark graphics with a beautiful atmosphere and story.... Highly recommended. A little gem.
,Recommended,327560,28875072,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Dazirius,"One word, thrilling.If you like titles like The Long Dark, and don't mind that it's a single self contained story rather than an open ended experience, grab this game immediately.Full marks from me."
76561198333621998,Recommended,327560,31397284,Posted: 27 April,all,MAKAIROSI,"Near Death is an awesome survival/adventure experience for all fans of both the genres. The game actually progresses and has a specific storyline but you have to survive while you accomplish certain tasks. Basically, you have to stay warm. You have many ways of doing that, but you can't avoid the outside, which gets worse and worse as the game progresses.I played it on easy to breeze through it and i have to say it wasn't as easy as i expected it. Now all that's left is to try it on normal and hard.In order to get an awesome experience, keep the brightness down and play it on normal (i'd say) for the first time.Keep in mind that you can't go wrong with ""wasting"" your materials, although i would advise against wasting them..So, i can't really say any cons for this game (maybe the gameplay time? But then again, it's not that short). Really, i never found anything that i was against. What the game wants to do it does with excellence.Devs keep up the good work, and gamers seriously consider buying the game, it's an awesome experience."
,Recommended,327560,35392828,Posted: 1 October,all,therubberduck,"This reminds me of Firewatch, thought with fewer pictoresque nature walks and more stumbling around in wind and darkness while slowly dying from the cold."
,Recommended,327560,35504180,Posted: 5 October,all,slakoez,This game is not good; this game is EXTREMELY good. Such a nice concept.
76561198041861881,Recommended,327560,35465105,Posted: 4 October,all,Philippe,"Awesome game, great mood, very satisfying from beginning to end."
,Recommended,327560,35358483,Posted: 30 September,all,Dktr. Faustus,"This is a great game, a great experience. Don't expect a great ending though or a great plot twist. This is just a very honest game, very pure. I found it sometimes a little frustrating, like, kind of, seems to suffer a little too much from the cold weather. As a Canadian, that is what I seem to be hard to understand. BUT. I never have felt -100 celcius. Maybe just -45, but not -100. Joke apart, great game."
76561198004835179,Recommended,327560,29615917,Posted: 31 January,all,Dr. Purpul,"Short but sweet, great replayability. Plus Megan Fox approved."
,Recommended,327560,33113339,Posted: 1 July,all,Zenitix of the Eldritch Horrors,"This game nailed the atmosphere, and it's a great survival challenge."
76561198164958092,Recommended,327560,33734402,Posted: 22 July,all,runnava,"As far as survival games go, this is about as simplistic as it gets.That's not a bad thing. The only real enemy is the cold. Man (or woman) vs. nature. And perhaps the abandoned nature of the place (which exacerbates the cold problem). Despite this, I always felt a level of fear appropriate to the situation.It was nice to have a game without jump scares and monsters. There's something [word not found, vocabulary failing me] about playing, or being, in isolation.As far as cons, the game is a string of fetch quests/go where you're told (though there's always opportunity to die while fetching.) So if that's not what you want, I wouldn't spend money on it. It's also is a fairly short play. Perhaps hard difficulty somehow extends the length of play, but I can't imagine it would be by much."
76561198047900509,Recommended,327560,31443467,Posted: 29 April,all,ted_corning,"Good if short, needs to come out with some DLC, would love multiple scenerios to play."
,Recommended,327560,29383169,Posted: 20 January,all,TehKaoZ,"I began playing this game on hard from the start and promptly froze to death several times trying to learn basic mechanics and where to go. I enjoyed the settings and mechanics as well as the fairly straightforward story that was contained. The graphics are highly functional but I feel like had they been rendered very beautifully I could see myself freezing to death ""taking in the sights"" (new level of difficulty!?). Very unique experience and worth a shot if you like survival and want something different."
76561198014578976,Recommended,327560,31801229,Posted: 17 May,all,rocoll,Liked the atmosphere and urgency throughout the game.Needs a followup or DLC.Well done to the Devs.
76561198039688618,Recommended,327560,30324327,Posted: 4 March,all,killermasse,most atmospheric game iv ever played! 10/10
76561197966335276,Recommended,327560,24966980,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,CaptainDildo,"This is a pretty damn good game.  Like really damn good.  It's a bit short, but I was captivated by every minute of it.  It's a simple premise, extremely well executed.  Scrambling to try and close doors to keep the cold out and not freeze to death is a one of a kind rush.9/10 would freeze to death again."
76561198028507988,Recommended,327560,28032534,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,antifinity,"Loved it. Not too long, and the ending is phenomenal."
,Recommended,327560,27491591,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sulifer,"Just finished Near Death and was pretty impressed. Yes it's a fairly short game but about what I would expected for the asking price of $14.99,  I finished Near Death in about 5.2 hrs on normal mode. I always try new games on normal mode and if I like the game I will replay it again on the harder modes, this game will be one of those few that I will replay.Overall I found everything considered neccessary to make a good gaming experiance is in Near Death. With more resources I'm sure this game could be developed and refined into a AAA title. I'm hoping the developer does well as I for one would love to see this game developed further. Speaking slightly O/T I just wished ""The Thing"" had the atmosphere Near Death had, would have been sweet."
76561197982086021,Recommended,327560,34595011,Posted: 29 August,all,-=ARP=- Erebus,"No aliens, no enemy soldiers, just you and the weather.  The main thing to be aware of is that this is a short game, and does not encourage open exploration of the site.  That said, I felt tense when I was freezing, relief when I found a sealed room, and joy when I found a wiring box to fix.  Overall I greatly enjoyed the game, but would probably wait for a sale only because of the time to completion.  I hope at some point they consider making an expanded sequel."
76561197970422830,Recommended,327560,27851479,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,p1noyaNer,"Great game, fantastic athmosphere! A little bit too short."
76561197977696322,Recommended,327560,25182643,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Dan,"I liked it. Slow paced, but at the same time, you can not relax to much, at least not before you fix  proper heat from the buildings it self. Nice that the game change over time, and give acces to more equitment and new places. I was in no hurry, visited every place more then one time, and relaxed in the warm rooms, made quitment and, planning, and just listing to the wind or looking through the windows.8 hours of playtime for me. Looking forward for a dlc"
,Recommended,327560,25005025,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Gunni,I found it to be very fun and even on normal pretty hard first run
76561197969504933,Recommended,327560,29746754,Posted: 6 February,all,Easyrider,Amazing atmosphere but a bit short. Recommended!
,Recommended,327560,29701500,Posted: 4 February,all,AP2507,"What a fun game! If you love survival games, this game is a must!"
76561198139408649,Recommended,327560,31379033,Posted: 26 April,all,Ablutomaniac,"This game is so worth it.If you want a realistic survival experience in the arctic, Play this game."
,Recommended,327560,30930430,Posted: 3 April,all,Seegras,"This is a good game. It's about survival, and the enemy is the cold, wind resistance and obfuscated view of the Antarctic winter. It's short, but it works nicely."
,Recommended,327560,31469153,Posted: 30 April,all,Eldahar,"Simple, but good game."
,Recommended,327560,24767644,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Windy*City*GaMinG,"So far this game has been quite intense, right from the get-go literally. The more I play the more I am afraid of the cold & not making it further!! Has it's similarities to uh Cryostasis, Cold Fear(slightly), and even familiar to a litttle game called Sylvio? For comparisons anyway. So yeah, it's freezing, the colder YOU get, the harder it is to concentrate etc etc.,  When I start panicking I go nuts trying to jog back to one of my already made safe places or pray I can make it to a new one at least, which can be a gamble, as it may take more time to get that place ""ready"" when every second starts to matter. So, aside from that constant situation there are other things that drive the narrative as you find out more of the story & learn to progress with a little help from a ""friend""?  Pretty solid game if dread & good story are your thing as is mine in this style;)**NOTE----I realize how I have not finished the entire game as of this review & heard it can be a bit short(3hours). This may be something to keep in mind, if need be."
,Recommended,327560,24683477,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,DeuceWTF,"In a short Let's play I've started, I found the short amount of gameplay I've had to be a great time!  I understand how some people have gotten use to the idea of a meter for everything.  Health, warmth, fuel, water, food, etc.  But if you give thought to the idea of guages being stuck due to the tempature and the fact that it does prompt you to refill or reload, This game play is great! I love the Idea of the story and the way the it's written.  It seems like a simple enough concept.  But the weather has other ideas.  Stay warm or die trying!  If you play the game that you bought and not the game you wanted to buy, you will enjoy this game!  Also I have to agree with JD Hero, this game does seem very much like the game play style of The Long Dark.  But that being said, I still would buy this game again."
76561198026285790,Recommended,327560,25353183,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,carsonj,"I would give it 3 out of 5.  Much more enjoyable in the beginning.  The ending still strikes me as odd.  Enjoyable story and action, really gets your heart pumping.  I would purchase it again."
,Recommended,327560,35425790,Posted: 2 October,all,MAriskaDeville,"https://youtu.be/ODCG4oCyQPEThis game is a breath of fresh air. Pure adventure survival against the elements, no zombies, mutants or robots. Basically you are trapped on an arctic station, in the middle of a storm. As the storm gets worse, you need to find and fix items to survive and ultimatley escape. There is also limited crafting of items to aid your survival.Graphically it is pretty good, and the environments really feel isolated and bleak. Controls are smooth and the game is well put together. There is only a little voice acting but it is well done.The only real issue is it is somewhat short, but there are several difficulty modes to up the challenge. Well worth the cost if you want a more pure adventure driven survival game."
,Recommended,327560,32754436,Posted: 24 June,all,noname,The game is great.Who requires hard survival atmosphere - you very welcome.
76561198312095932,Recommended,327560,29994501,Posted: 17 February,all,epiclolyay,"This is one of the best survival games I have ever played. If you are looking for action, survival or adventure then you NEED to buy this game, it is definently worth it's price!P.s Some on the game tags say that there is a female protagonist and it is a horror game but neither of these are true."
76561198004383873,Recommended,327560,24767658,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Rikofudesu,"Amazing game, it even scared me when I turned to stumble upon a sign and the pole behind it."
,Recommended,327560,24819993,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,zuppaclub,"finished it in 2 hours , only missed 1 blueprint XDit's a nice short survival game"
76561198035923455,Recommended,327560,24765776,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,huntme98,Fun game. Beat in in 112 minutes. Replayability: eh maybe depends if you are a speed runner or a completionist as there are plenty of items that you could miss in the game and there seem to be plenty of ways try and speed run from changing how you use the rope system in the game which keeps you stable in storms to picking which upgrades you will use. For the completionist their are again plenty of items in the game and a few sidequests I didn't even repair the second generator and I didn't find two of the upgrades. Overall I think its worth the money for two hours of nice peaceful yet dangerous gameplay. Some glitches like you can fall through the back of the lift at the radar station and if you fall down you clip into rocks but nothing game breaking. Overall Great game wheather its worth the price is up to you.
,Recommended,327560,24698426,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Dead by DC,"Your objective in Near Death is to simply survive. There is no fighting, or any horror elements, just the brutal cold. I thought the concept was simple and I enjoyed playing the game."
76561198026062236,Recommended,327560,25256445,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Fruorin Shieldheart,"A short but good game. Atmosphere is nice, sounds are good, music is adequate. You should buy and try this game if you have interest in survival genre with dark theme environments."
76561198155810365,Recommended,327560,25081523,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,TheLostSoul,"Purchased it day of release thinking ""this looks cool."" 12 hours of gameplay later, and I am amazed.Near Death puts you into the position of a pilot who has crash landed in an abandoned station and must scour the decrepit remains to find a way home. The core mechanic of the game is that you are in an ever-increasingly-dangerous cold climate. To survive, you must seek shelter from the cold in one of the many buildings scattered about Sutro Station and either heat up via a powered room or your gas-powered lamp. There is also a crafting system in place to make the suvival aspect even better. This game will really make you feel like your in the protagonist's position, fighting the cold and the strong winds, testing your sense of direction and determination to live, and ultimately provides an experience to behold as you encounter some things you might not expect to find in the harsh cold.If you want a game with good survival elements and writing, then pick this up.What? Want a score...?How about 9.5/10? Sound good enough?"
76561197973575529,Recommended,327560,25469819,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,LarryTee,Great game enjoyed it very much just wait for sale not worth $15 better at around $10
,Recommended,327560,25354431,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,DrDoS,"Really enjoyed this game, great atmopshere. Just moving objects in the wind was the anoying part, but rather then that would reccomend this game."
,Recommended,327560,24733103,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,zZK0ALAZz,"Hey,  that was pretty cool."
76561197984921477,Recommended,327560,35055114,Posted: 18 September,all,Morbott,"I started playing this game... and realized I was messing everything up, and not playing it the right way. So I started over from the beggining, playing it differently. Pacing my self in a way that made sense for this type of game. Once I got in the groove, I was hooked. It's short (which is great for people like me who don't always have time to play long games), focused (it knew what it wanted to do and stuck to it. I like that in a game.) , intense (I was white knuckling it the whole way through, trying to stay alive in a brutal environment.)It might not be everyone's cup of tea, but it clicked for me. Glad I picked this one up."
,Recommended,327560,35134672,Posted: 22 September,all,Rubennaatje,"first hour seems pretty good, I had low expectations though but it's pretty well made and different from other survival sims."
76561198062925921,Recommended,327560,34625397,Posted: 30 August,all,LuciusVoltaic,"Near Death is an excellent game, in a minimalist sort of way. The only enemy is the environment: a freeze-to-death system which players of Cryostasis will find familiar, with the remarkably frightening addition that it is easy—and deadly—to lose one's way in the dark. The map is only that, and it's on the player to figure out where they are on it. This, combined with the darkness and whiteout conditions, makes placing guide ropes and beacon poles a very important (and actually rather enjoyable) mechanic. The crafting system works well, too. If I had one quibble, it would be that the final objective at the radar facility is not nearly so difficult as one might expect. (Or that the downed plane really should have been carrying survival gear.) Anyway, it's fun, it's atmospheric, and it's short enough that the limited mechanics don't get old."
76561198236974548,Recommended,327560,24713821,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Triton,"It's a short and sweet, atmospheric tension and relief roller coaster. When your outdoors your scared, worried, and riding a  knifes edge, between getting where you want to go, and getting lost and freezing to death. When your indoors, it's a panic to seal the room and make it warm, or it's a heavenly blissfull suprise to find a room that's already warm....I don't know how to explain how good it feels to find a warm room. Something so simple as that, which so many games try and fail to do, this game masters.- Runs great on linux. 21:9 support... even though it's not in settings."
,Recommended,327560,24713986,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,TribalBob,"In a day and age where 'horror' ends up being, for the most part, a game filled with laughing children and cheap jump scares - it can be hard to find a title that insilts dread and fear in someone without resorting to startling them and causing a heart attack.I think I can safely say that 'Near Death' is at it's heart a narrative-driven survival game, but it goes deeper; and in a game where you never once run into a crazed maniac, supernatural monster or ghost driven to kill you - it's pretty damn scary.Antarctica is not a place most people would want to be in - and it seems like for the most part, it doesn't want us.  I've never been, myself, but I feel like the devs really captured that feeling of unwelcomness in Near Death.  From the minute you step off the plane, it's clear you're in trouble.  Visibility is poor, you can hear your character chattering her teeth and the only thing you can clearly see (albeit barely) are some lights obscured by the snow in the distance.The game's systems are all designed around the idea of 'dont freeze' and they support it well.  This isn't a quick A to B to C game, you're going to spend time in each area you expore trying to find every useful scrap for crafting; though even on Normal difficulty, I found by the end of the game I had more than enough of everything.  You can repair holes in windows to seal rooms and make them safe, but you can't repair EVERY room - so a large part of the game involves managing where to make your 'safe spots'.  Places you can duck into as you make your way around the base (and you will backtrack quite a bit) to quickly warm up before continuing on.The heat mechanic is especially harrowing - on more than one occassion, my sight began to fade and sounds drowned out (warnings you're about to die) only a dozen feet from a door.  The dread comes when you open it only to find a single window is broken - this spot is not as safe.  If you're about to die, the game gives you a quick 'second wind' before you hit the game over screen.  If you can patch that window in time and drop down your heater, you'll be fine.The score really adds to the experience as well - adding to the already sense of loneliness, although as the night goes on and the storm gets worse, you can only really hear it when inside.The only negative I would probably say is Normal felt a bit too Easy, however it always felt tense which I think for this sort of a game is probably more important than difficulty.9/7 freezing simulator of the year."
76561197994816052,Recommended,327560,24976037,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Kreggur,"A bit pricy for it's length (15 euros at the moment, I completed it in a couple hours on the hardest difficulty), but otherwise a really nice game.I would say that if you enjoyed the little puzzle bits in the first and second Penumbra game, you'll probably also enjoy this one. No supernatural stuff, aliens or horror though, it's just a fight against the ever increasing winds and cold temperature."
76561198023710205,Recommended,327560,24715100,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Homlepung,A fun little game. But a little short.Finished it in about 2h.
76561197984785481,Not Recommended,327560,34041359,Posted: 5 August,all,[DSDIZZT] Lalle75(GER),"This game really sucks! Normally I like these surviving games. But Near Death is just annoying. You have to find something... whatever... somewhere... you don't really know what to do or where to go. ""Find a handbook!"" Ok, it's only a book. In a very dark snowstorm with no sight, freezing to death in less than a minute, with a very lack of heating fuel and batteries. With a very ""basic"" map of the camp and locked, frozen doors everywhere. Very nice, that your view turns blurry after 30 seconds and you cannot see anything more than 5 m away.How am I expected to explore a camp on the southpole during winter, when I cannot see anything, and I can just move for a minute until the game ends and loads my last savegame? I will ask for a refund."
76561197964466717,Not Recommended,327560,31538005,Posted: 4 May,all,GeneralChaos,"Even with the options to reduce nausea this game still wrecked me, and I play FPS all the time. The crosshair is in the wrong place, and the flashlight aims to the corner, the shaking it terrible but can be turned off, and the FOV is so wrong, even after fiddling with it a bunch of times I got down to ""I hope I die so I can stop playing now"". I stopped playing anyway when I accidentally survived longer than anticipated."
76561198080124438,Recommended,327560,31332031,Posted: 23 April,all,Velystord,"This, while being one of my least played games, it has left a far larger impression than any game I've played since my youth. If games were like whiskey Near Death would be a very cold 190 proof, CoD is your 90 proof, and The Sims is a light beer around 10 proof."
76561197961264191,Recommended,327560,26004981,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Joeyramone,best game ive ever played.....for 5 hours...needs more content!
76561198147895533,Recommended,327560,26559378,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,conciseoxford,Thank you Orthogonal games — Fantastic. Absorbing. Exemplary.
76561197990342469,Recommended,327560,24832760,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Plank,Fantastic game - the antarctic base is a great location and the constant threat of freezing to death makes it very tense.
,Recommended,327560,31224477,Posted: 18 April,all,littlease,"Short, but nice. No extraterrestrial lifeforms spotted)"
,Not Recommended,327560,35459228,Posted: 3 October,all,Twofer Mcgofer,This is a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor bug ridden game with so many bugs it becomes unplayable after a few hours; I would reccomend any one to get a refund for this game before its to late.
,Not Recommended,327560,33090229,Posted: 1 July,all,Spuddywuddy,Too short! I wanted to drive that snowcat!
,Not Recommended,327560,33392402,Posted: 8 July,all,heinous,"The graphics are pretty basic, but they do a good job setting the mood for the game. I enjoyed every moment that I was able to play the game. There is not so much jump scare, but rather the constant desperation to find refuge from the cold. It works.Here's the one problem. My PC may be a potato, but it still passes minimum requirement. I am sad to say that, with the advent of Condition 2 weather, which appears a little bit into the game, the game grinds to a halt. It would freeze 30 to 60 seconds to render 5 or so frames before freezing again and repeating. This makes the game unplayable beyond that point because you are slowly dying every second that you are outside.So unfortunately I had to refund the game, and the view is negative since the minimum specs apparently doesn't mean anything. If you have a beast machine, by all means give this game a try. I am sure the rest of the game is good as well. I would love to finish this game someday."
76561198251023714,Not Recommended,327560,35058768,Posted: 18 September,all,the.crawling.chaos.nyarlathotep,"This is a poor man's ""The Long Dark"".  There's not enough of a story to make me care, the unforgiving wind makes movement in many areas impossible, and the graphics that the weather allows me to see are of such low quality that they're outdone by games from a decade ago.  If I wanted to stumble around in the dark and cold, I could open my windows and turn off the lights.  I didn't need to pay money to do it on my PC."
,Not Recommended,327560,31513244,Posted: 2 May,all,seer,Cheap knock-off of The Long Dark
76561197986779655,Not Recommended,327560,27116369,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Samso,More screen shake and screen blur please.
,Not Recommended,327560,24687742,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Sir Jordan,cant play for more than a couple of minutes until it crashes
,Not Recommended,327560,25279423,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,HeapOfTrouble,This game is boring and horrible.
76561198028184108,Recommended,327560,24744758,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Daze,"Not a bad game, interesting concept and good immersion but honestly way too expensive for a game you can beat in less then two hours. Not gonna be one of those people to get a refund after they finished a game but buyer beware its not long enough for the price.EDIT: With the lowered price I'd recommend this game its still a little more then I like to pay for a short (I'm the around a dollar an hour type of person.) but its still a really well done game."
76561197982853933,Recommended,327560,31485846,Posted: 1 May,all,JungleJollies[],"I really like the premise; I think it can be improved, but I stopped playing this game because it wasn’t fun for me. I played for about 5 hours on Normal. I paid $7 for the game.The core mechanics are:1) as you are exposed to the elements, you begin to die, so you must constantly search for shelter;2) the storm both disrupts visibility and impedes movement – setting rope-lines improves movement;3) resources are scarce, you will constantly consume them, so you must constantly scavenge.How this works well:There’s only one thing that will kill you; getting lost in the storm. Consequently, you have to be cautious in your exploration, especially when you’re going to have to carry something heavy from point A -> B. You will generally have just enough resources to do what you need to do and then move on.How this works poorly:1) Artificial scarcity: your batteries run out in about two minutes of flashlight use,2) Fixed Objective Order: you need to complete areas in an exact order, objective items will not be highlighted absent that. For instance, I cannot infer the need to pick up area maps or survival equipment until after receiving those instructions.3) Constant fetch it quests that require encumbered movement in low visibility, movement impaired conditions – this feels like padding designed to stretch the game out.4) Jumping requirements in windy conditions, where failure is close enough to death that a quicksave/quickload style is the only viable alternative.Other comments:The map doesn’t have nearly enough details (i.e. which pods are where), nor does it allow notation of any kind; furthermore, the compass is only accessible from the map, requiring the player to constantly toggle. Given that navigation is core to this game, and visibility is highly limited, this is a cardinal sin. WE SHOULD BE ABLE TO EQUIP THE COMPASS, if it’s not always visible by default.Closing:I appreciate what the devs tried to do here, and I won’t hit them with a negative review. That said, I think there are some real problems with the game, and I hope the devs can sort some of them out. I have a little difficulty with spatial orientation, so I respect that aspects which were deal breakers for me might not be for other players."
76561198005655387,Recommended,327560,31516291,Posted: 2 May,all,Fleeting Relevance,"I was thoroughly, and pleasantly, surprised. Talk about making the most of what was obviously a tight budget. I've always been fascinated by the notion of humans surviving and working in lethally hostile environments and this game did an A+ job of allowing me to simulate that. This is why I play videogames. Great job guys."
76561198047324256,Recommended,327560,31629734,Posted: 8 May,all,Die Farbe will ich nicht..!,"..Intense, short and very playable ..."
76561198072486506,Recommended,327560,31629556,Posted: 8 May,all,gribblet,"Just finished it. If you're into well-crafted survival fantasy, this is a great solo experience.Near Death is small - it was made by a small team. But it's very good, inside of that box. Despite the way it feels when you start, it's more than a traditional ""level design"" based game. Puzzles are fodder for ciritcal thinking and there are a number of solutions to the main conflicts in the game - cold, directionality, time. It feels less like a game you ""beat"" and more like a game that's been crafted for you to make your own story within.What could be better? The world is a little dead - which mostly works in the setting, but when you come upon something flapping in the wind it becomes clear how much more movelent it could have. And the objectives are almost all linear. I'd love to see an update that lets you take on more objectives in your prefferred order, so you can optimize. That'd enable speed runs & might get some pretty tense let's plays up."
76561198294184361,Recommended,327560,31666272,Posted: 10 May,all,Cherokeedog,"Pros:Very atmospheric, powerful and thrilling survival experience.Cons:Very short. No time or reason to get connected with the protagonist.Conclusion:The experience is truly worth having. Recommended though to be purchased when on sale."
76561198025914520,Recommended,327560,31393048,Posted: 27 April,all,Mavi,"İf you like dark,cold and little horrible ambiance it is your game."
,Recommended,327560,31639616,Posted: 8 May,all,Magoo,Chill out with this well balanced little adventure that skips the tedious micromanagement aspects of other survival games.
76561198202786928,Recommended,327560,33098542,Posted: 1 July,all,OnlyCurmudge,"A short but sweet game.  I put nearly 4 hours into it, but I was taking my time and thoroughly exploring everything I could.  It's probably no more than a 3-hour game for most people.  Although it bills itself as ""survival"" and ""action"", there is not much of either, except in a broad sense - you just have to stay warm! - so if you are expecting mechanics that focus on either of those things then maybe think twice.  It is more of an exploration game, with a series of quests to find your way to specified building (which are all marked on your map) and scour the place to find some item or perform some action.  Along the way you can collect various odds and ends for some simple crafting to create useful items or upgrades.   It reminded me a bit of the beginning of Kona, where you explore the icy village.  All in all I enjoyed it."
,Recommended,327560,33068213,Posted: 30 June,all,radical_chic,"This game is a tonne of fun. It reminds me of Alien: Isolation, without the alien. Just you and your wits against the forces of nature."
76561198051342019,Recommended,327560,33998175,Posted: 3 August,all,jacques,"I felt the ending seemed a bit rushed and could've used more flair, and the game could have benefited from more voice acting from the protagonist as you walk place to place; otherwise it's an immensely enjoyable experience!"
76561198031187918,Recommended,327560,33999013,Posted: 3 August,all,Truhiro,"Near Death is a clear recommendation for people that like story-based games with a dense atmosphere. This game focusses on the absolute essentials of surviving - nature and your character. No gimicks, no mosters, nothing supernatural, just a single person trying to survive in a deserted antarctic base.It has to be noted that Near Death is very short (2,5 hrs. or less, if you speedrun) and does not reward exploring in any way. If you are looking for open world survival and base building, you are in the wrong place. That however is not a downside at all, as making it any longer or allowing more opportunities to derail from the given path would most likely have weakened the overall experience. And, due to its atmosphere and the four difficulty levels, it however still has some replayability in it.5 Stars out of 5 - if Steam would allow for a rating other than thumbs up!"
,Recommended,327560,35158514,Posted: 23 September,all,Keith,this was fun. more fun than i thought it was going to be. took about an hr to beat it on norml
,Recommended,327560,35494239,Posted: 5 October,all,Beanbag37,"Not bad. Enjoyed this game a lot. A little disappointed with the ending, would have been nice to see a short video of the character arriving home or even having the chance to drive home yourself, but still a good game. Got it on sale so can't complain."
