user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198001024988,Recommended,327670,15158136,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Halabaloo,"I beat the game in one sitting. By that, I mean I stayed awake until I beat it so I could find out what happened after killing the end boss. This game is amazing.One problem, I want more. The setting and story are so immersive, I just want more of it."
76561197966570381,Not Recommended,327670,15130794,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,PH3NOmenon,"I've been trying to figure out what bugs me about this game. In theory, it should be perfect for me. Permadeath, resource management, strategic match-three gameplay, steam-punk aesthetic: it all sounds tailor-made for me. And yet, I don't enjoy it nearly as much as I'd hoped.The game apes FTL: Faster than Light a fair bit too, but misses a few key design decisions. FTL has a limited timeframe to build up your vessel to handle the end-boss just like this does, but taking risks with your time management can yield great rewards there. Here, there's no risks to take with your turn timer, the strategy only comes through during the actual games, in between those there's little to no reward for good play.The other big gripe I have is the meta-progress. The end-boss is horrifically overpowered (again, just like in FTL), but in FTL, you get better at the game the more you play it, until you beat the boss. In this game, the boss will pound you into a pulp until you've leveled up your ""meta level"" enough to stand a chance. That isn't fun. t first, I really liked this desgin choice: when a run goes awry on the last boss in FTL, you feel like you've thrown away 2 hours of your life with nothing to show for it and Ironcast remedies that with its meta-progression. At the very least, you've made subsequent runs easier. But these meta-levels feel like requirements to have a chance against the boss. I doubt the boss is killable on your first playthrough, you have to grind out some levels to make it a fair fight and that is just annoying as sin.TL:DR Get FTL instead, unless you're really dead set on seeing what these folks did to the match-3 genre. It's not a bad game, as such, but slips on a few crucial points that result in a frustrating game. And that's dispite all its charm, which it has in spades."
76561198006541362,Not Recommended,327670,16638797,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,stranger1982,"Ironcast offers some frantic match-3 action in a victiorian steampunk setting: sadly this great premise is squandered by an often frustrating and grindy gameplay.PROS:-the game setting is very interesting and well presented-good art style-4 pilots and 4 mechs to choose from, all with different stats and abilities-a good amount of different equipment to craft and useCONS:-the extreme amount of randomness in the gameplay sadly gets frustrating very quickly and basically wrestles control of the game away from the player, to give you an idea here's what is rng based: type/level/amount of equipment drops, mission type and rewards, type and number of board tiles, what ablities/attachments you can choose from on level up, certain mission results (as in when bartering for a trade) and, to a smaller extent, weapon damage.-matching and UI feel a bit clunky-leveling up your global unlocks takes quite alot of timehttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=462956909When Ironcast works, as in when the rng is not too much against you, it actually is a pretty fun and frantic experience as you scramble to balance your four resources to fire weapons, keep shields and movement up and reapair damaged systems.Sadly more often than not rng will get in your way, a few examples in my 10ish hours playtime are: tiles of a certain type refusing to drop or dropping in a low amount ( this means no firing weapons or no shields, hence you'll be a sitting duck), no weapon upgrades whatsoever dropping before the first boss (meaning you'll have no chance to even mount up a fight), no equipment upgrades of a certain kind dropping at all ( meaning that enemy mechs will have level 4 systems while your measly level 1 will get oneshotted and destroyed or, while they function, they provide useless bonuses).This means you'll often find yourself underequipped and facing enemies you'll barely manage to defeat, this is made even worse by the fact that repairing your mech after each fight costs resources that'd be needed to upgrade systems or stats: when this happens you'll basically be screwed. Even if you get a lucky streak and a well upgraded mech all it takes is a couple of bad turns, with tiles refusing to drop, and as soon as you can't put your defenses up you'll be toast and have to start over.The global unlocks generally do little to make things better, and having to restart over and over hoping to get to the first boss, only to generally be destroyed by the aforementioned issues, gets tiring eventually.I can see Ironcast possibly being a good game for hardcore players who don't mind rng being so brutal, but for the average player having so little control over what happens, the frustrating range and the dull grind make this a game I can't recommend."
,Not Recommended,327670,30671453,Posted: 22 March,all,Sir Pencil,"An enjoyable game, however, you should be aware of a rather odd bug caused by some dev choices:The game quietly attempts to connect to a variety of Amazon Web Services. It will try to do this infinitely, as long as the game as running, even if the attempts are blocked.I'm not exactly sure what data is so important that it needs to try forever, but if you're like me and manage your own firewall configuration by hand then you'll find that these repeated attempts to ""call home"" will cause the game to stutter and lag unbearably.When asked about the issue, the devs first stated that their game does not have any code which would communicate across the internet. They have since clarified that they're using these AWS instances to track user metrics and ""difficulty data"". I've asked for an option to disable this tracking but I received no response.Regardless, a fun game, it just seems a little shady and harkens back to the days of Wild Tangent and other ""phone home"" games."
,Recommended,327670,17037078,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,SuperStarAD,"Ironcast is a stylish rogue-lite with a steampunk setting. It features turn-based combat and resource management, which are fueled by your token matches.Rogue-lite, not roguelike: Ironcast includes permadeath and many randomized gameplay features, and is turn-based. It doesn't have procedural generation or a feeling of dungeon-crawling.The progression of abilities and equipment as you level up and gain loot is well-balanced against the enemies you face each mission. The AI is intelligent and fights well. To win most missions, you must carefully think through every choice and consider both its short-term and long-term consequences.The music, sound effects, and graphics work perfectly in unison to immerse you into Ironcast’s steampunk world and build tension during battles.Not a single bug, glitch, crash, or freeze occurred in my 81 hours of play.I recommend this highly-polished game for all fans of turn-based combat! It's addicting and enjoyable!"
,Recommended,327670,32210531,Posted: 5 June,all,Liderian,"Ironcasttakes the established match-3 formula, wraps it in a Victorian England steampunk setting, adds rogue-lite mechanics, and serves the result with a pinch of RPG mechanics.In the game, you control the commander of a Steampunk mech, the eponymous Ironcast, defending the British Empire from a French invasion. You guide your armor through battles by collecting resouces (e.g. ammunition, energy, coolant) that power your Ironcast, its shields, drive or weapons. Those weapons you collect or craft after your battles. The game offers different (unlockable) starter mechs, with pre-set strengths and weaknesses, which – on a good run – can lead to you controlling a devastating war machine. On a bad run, however, things can go south very quickly. If you happen to meet the wrong enemy for your setup, your run might be over pretty suddenly. For some, this might be a major annoyance, others will love the random rogue-lite aspect. Not all your efforts will be utterly in vain when you fail your run, as the game offers a meta progression system that mostly offers stats increases to your Ironcasts. So failing time and again will make the game somewhat easier.The game's presentation is solid, with an intriguing theme carried out adeptly with regards to the graphics. For me, the music could have been more memorable, and the story presented in a more enthralling manner – although the writing isn't half bad either.If you enjoy both playing match-3 games and the (sometimes unfair) difficulty ofFTL, Ironcastmight be just the right thing for you."
,Recommended,327670,16082977,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Dr. Nobody,"I have been addicted to this game for days.Picture FTL, but instead of spaceships you get an Ironclad mech, instead of space it's 1886 England, the French are trying to conquer Britain, and you are a British Ironclad Pilot/Commander. The battle system is easy to use, but difficult to master. An important thing I learned for instance was that you really have to consider the match-3 game as just an opportunity to get the upper hand (a buff if you will) and that the true tactics are how you will use the resources you already have this turn, not the ones you may get in the 3-match.The different types of missions that you get to pick from add a level of fantastic customization to each game. Do I risk a hard mission for a potentially big payout or do I do a medium difficulty one? Do I do a salvage mission (Try to defeat your enemy without destroying one specific component of theirs) or do I go for a battle or a collection mission?My favorite component to this game is that every single game I have played has been AMAZINGLY different and unique. Every play-through so far has been new and exciting...and I friggn' love that!If you like FTL I promise you will enjoy this game. Go check out some game-play footage on YouTube and you'll see what I mean. You're welcome."
76561198006629958,Recommended,327670,15078806,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Captain_crash,"An interesting blend of roguelike, rpg, tactical turn based combat and match three. Also a refreshing steampunk style that is a welcome change from the normal apocolyptic zombie infested wasteland. The art style is interesting and fits the game well. Surprisingly deep with the amount of combinations of equipment you can find and use on your mech. Overall worth a shot if you like roguelikes and/or want a break from fast paced combat or zombies."
,Recommended,327670,15883047,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Fishzerg,"This is a fun, short, turn-based game. You have to match colors to collect resources, which you spend on abilities related to offence and defense. In addition you have various abilities that influence your game-style, gained through leveling up, item drops, and through upgrading your mechanic warrior. Eventually it boils down to finding fun and working combinations of items, abilities, and the way you match the colors.Game is well made, works great, is fun to play. It could have been much longer, as once I have beaten the game's two bosses and thus finished it (took around 5 hours), I don't see any motivation to replay it. The story is nothing to talk about, this is just a nice strategic puzzle game. Should absolutely appeal to those who like Puzzle-Quest style of games, but remember that is so much shorter."
,Recommended,327670,19697729,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Burn,"I never played a game in the match-3 genre, so I thought I'll give it a try with Ironcast. The steampunk atmosphere, the extreme difficulty and my personal enjoyment of something new (match-3 mechanics) made Ironcast fun to play.Like most rogue-likes the true game is about fighting back against the randomness. This is one of those games where the learning curve is very difficult, but once you make it over that hump, you'll discover a game that's tense, clever and very enjoyable. I do, however, feel that the simple rogue-like elements were only implemented to extend the lifetime of this game.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=574632193http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=574961987Unlocked all achievements!"
,Recommended,327670,15123808,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Duchesse de Loli,"Excellent matching game, but very short. Very basic random elements change the difficulty each time around, but there are very few goals (or achievements) that hinge on using specific combinations of characters, Ironcasts, or equipment. Similar in vein to Puzzle Quest, Gyromancer, or HuniePop - if you like that particular vein of game, then Ironcast is a good investment. Have fun!"
76561198010746380,Recommended,327670,15149502,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,shocklaan,"Fist off, a warning: the campaign itself is short, took me just over 3 hours to complete the campaign start to end.However, the game has a good amount of replayability, especially if you like the matching puzzle games. In each new game I found myself building a different type of mech and trying out different strategies  . . . and sometimes failing horribly. (Very much like FTL in that regard, if you've played that one).A nice game to waste time with some light/moderate tactics. Also, very easy to pick up where you left off.I just wish there was more in the game . . . more of everything in general.General More/salute"
76561198063051224,Not Recommended,327670,29670556,Posted: 3 February,all,JimTimBim III,"Nice asthetic and theme but the RNG needs a serious overall. It's way too common to hit a level where practically none of a certain resource will spawn so you can't possibly win and then you have to start all over again. The number of times I've been doing well only to hit a level where no ammo nodes spawn so I can't fire my gun, or no energy nodes spawn so I can't raise my shields is ridiculous. The idea of a rogue-lite is that you learn from your mistakes and get better each playthrough but with this you never lose because of a mistake. You lose because there was nothing you could possibly have done to win"
,Recommended,327670,16295104,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Kodiak-Rush,"Have you ever wanted to pilot a Victorian steam powered mech and defend the great British empire against foreign invasion? Then this might be the game for you.First of all this game is a ton of fun, more so than I first thought it would be. I am not one to usually enjoy match 3 games or rogue-likes but this one really was unique. The gameplay was challenging but not overly so. You could still enjoy the game for what it was rather than constantly worrying about your next move. That’s not to say that it’s easy. You will have to make a few runs of this before your mech and pilot are strong enough to save the day. But when you do you feel epic.The world building in this game is great; I really wanted to explore the alternate steam punk 1800’s far more than I could. But what was offered was very interesting. The mechs look great and the fight backgrounds were pretty interesting too. The story was not too deep but what was there was highly enjoyable.With a variety of characters to play as and several robots to pilot there is a lot of replayability. I found myself wanting to start a new run as soon as I died just to try out a new set of abilities and skills. And with the huge variety of weapons, mods, skills and abilities on offer you can play in a style to suit yourself. Want huge cannons go for it, want to ditch the shield for huge amounts of armour, sure why not.If you want to immerse yourself in an interesting world and have a blast doing it then this game is for you. On sale this is a must buy for everyone and if you are a match 3 fans will love it. Even if you’re not you will have a great time.Have fun ^_^"
,Not Recommended,327670,18066872,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Torinir,"If you want a game that's fun for a matching game... this might not be for you.The RNG Gods are merciless in this. You will find you are almost always missing one or two critical node types every fight. Whether it's coolant, ammo or energy, you will always be cursing the game for providing exactly zero nodes of your needed one when you need it.Resources are also critically short, and the chances of getting a decent BP for a desired upgrade are not good. After the first ""boss"", you will notice you're barely managing to break even every fight. This doesn't lend itself to good long-term enjoyment of the game, as the concept of advancement is lost to the scramble to not drop so far behind as to make it impossible to progress.TL;DR, it's not a roguelike, but the game acts like one far too often."
,Not Recommended,327670,30804180,Posted: 28 March,all,Blair,"TL;DR--don't make the mistake I did [buying and playing this game]Pros:Steampunk mecha and tanks with death rays and shields, and extremely apropos British flavornaturally--tea is considered a critical war supplyClever story background explaining why you're stomping around in a steam-powered bipedal engine of destructionSimple to learn yet hard to master use of ""match 3+"" for effective action during each combat turnNeutral:Most revealing parts of the clever story can be largely missed if a relatively small number of the missions either don't get randomly generated or simply are not chosenNo ""save scumming"" with this roguelike, you get killed and that's it for you, start a new campaign buddyCons:Roguelike random generation of missions, enemies, and rewards compounded by random generation of field for ""match 3+"" mechanic largely determines whether you will win or lose even if your skill and tactics are top notchRandom enemies are often extremely more powerfully equipped than you can possibly be from the very beginning of the game, even during supposedly easy missionsThe devs got all my money for this game because a dear friend of mine who lives some distance away had just started playing it and was very enthusiastic.  Because the description sounded interesting, I bought the whole package including the DLC as it wasn't too expensive and I wanted something the two of us could talk shop about when we visited next.I nearly immediately regretted this decision.To be fair, if you check my profile you will see I slammed in quite a few hours, and have all the achievements [which means all the global unlocks].  But that is solely because I am an extraordinarily stubborn completionist.  I've gotten to the end of the campaign five times, out of which I pulled 3 victories.  So I consider myself approximately as competent at the game as it is reasonable to expect a player can become.  And I still have gotten my♥♥♥♥♥kicked before the second campaign mission begins.  NOT JOKING--the run I got the ""kill yourself by overheating"" achievement was during that first mission, and NOT on purpose--the board just wouldn't drop me the matches I needed to actually perform any useful actions and I ran out of coolant just before trying to shield myself to avoid getting killed by the enemy's attack their next turn...Upgrades for your pilot, mecha special attacks, and weapon/drive/shield slots are also entirely randomly generated each time you level, and far too often are ""choose one of 3 things that all suck and are a waste of your time"".  Devs, since so much of this game is random, when someone plays it enough to get global unlocks of useful upgrades, why don't you just let them pick when they would like to get those?  Or run a skill tree or something?  I mean, a little balance might help the player deal with the ""four days until the final boss, fight a couple of light scouts that turn out to have Mark V* equipment in all slots and 2000 health"" nonsense without throwing their mouse at the screen.*All equipment runs from Mark I to Mark V, and increases both in damage resistance and effectiveness substantially with every step.  It is possible, but extremely difficult, to have all Mark V gear for the final boss fight.  A well upgraded player will have 1100-1200 health at the final boss.I also took Katherine Chapman nearly every playthrough after the first, a DLC pilot whose special ability increases the number of rare blueprint drops that happen.  One of my five ""all the way"" trips with her, not ONE. SINGLE. RARE. happened the entire campaign; I lost that one because I just didn't have enough scrap to repair my hull AND buy parts to upgrade so I could actually fight effectively.Not spoilering this because everyone needs to know--you NEVER have enough scrap to repair your hull AND buy parts to upgrade so you can actually fight effectively.  A constant sense of desperation and doom will hover over you most playthroughs unless you have an unlikely string of lucky reward drops for winning missions and leveling, destroying any enjoyment you might have otherwise experienced.  And playing a game should involve some enjoyment; the tooltips basically are the devs shrugging and saying, ""Oh well, if you lose just keep playing, eventually the global unlock bonuses will help you.""  Translation:  because you enjoy ramming your face into this brick wall so much, keep doing it, and sooner or later your face will get tough enough that you can make a crack in it...Also, protip:  ""Survival"" missions are a trap.  Their only purpose is to make you waste all your accumulated and desperately hoarded scrap to repair yourself afterwards.The money isn't the issue here; save your mental health and play something else, almost ANYTHING else.  Devs, seriously, if you can't deal with the game theory required to fix the awful balance issues, just rename this game or at least change the description to make it clear it is for masochists only, normal gamers need to have a hint to avoid the soul-destroying experience you have created.Verdict:  HELL no."
,Recommended,327670,20392658,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,daddldiddl,"Not having played many Match-3 games before I had this lying in my collection for many months before just recently dusting it off and trying it out. And WOW! Great fun! A nice mixture of Rogue-alike systems, Match-3 and turn-based combat.The story is simple: in a steampunk setting France is invading the British mainland - and it is you job to stop them. You do that by controlling a steampunk mech (an 'ironcast') through ten missions before finally confronting the main boss. Until then you level up (gaining HP and special abilities), improve your ironcast using salvaged equipment and try to gather as many resources as possible for the big end fight. In the end you want as much manpower (reduces the final boss' HP) and scrap (=money to upgrade your ironcast) as you can get.The missions range from simple battles against one or more enemies (one after another), salvage missions (bringing down enemies without damaging specific parts like for example the shields or weapons), collection missions (collecting crates while fighting) and survival (survive for a given number of rounds). Sometimes these missions are pepped up with having your cooling system damaged or requiring you not to stop, or having to fix your jammed weapons before being able to engage the enemy. There's also trade missions (non-combat) where you exchange one resource (scrap vs manpower) by negociating with potential allies.You have to power your systems with the elements you match in a match-3 style. Per combat turn you can perform three matches and as many other actions as your resources (ammunition, power, coolant, repair tokens and abilities) allow. You can match as many neighbouring elements of the same color as you like (not just rows or columns) as long as your line doesn't intersect itself. Using special tokens you can chain different colors, and there's power ups, scrap (i.e. money to upgfrade your ironcast) and - for some missions - special crates you have to collect.Using your resources you power your shields (damage reduction), weapons or drivers (evasion), and you need coolant tokens as you activate these systems. Shields and movement can be activated up to three levels (for increased protection) and then loose one level each turn. So you have to constantly refresh them to keep them up. You can target specific systems (weapons, drive or shields) on the the enemy units, of which there are basically two types: tanks and ironcasts. They differ in that tanks have armour (damage reduction by %) and ironcasts have shields (absolute damage reduction per hit - rendering some weaker but multishot weapons useless against more powerful shields).Once you die the game is over and you next game starts, the missions and level-up bonuses are choosen randomly (you have a choice, but the selection you're offered is mainly random). Also: no saves or anything. So it's a rogue-like of a sort. But after each game your XP get added to your global score and you can unlock new commanders and ironcasts models (each with specific abilities), bonuses or additional abilities. So even if you don't beat the boss (or even reach it) you still get a feeling of continuing progress which is good to overcome the initial frustration (especially if you're not too good at games like this).All in all it's a great game, with a charming story and art style, solid gameplay and well worth a few rounds. I only wish it would be available for Android, as it's definitely the kind of game I'd love to play on my tablet, too."
76561197982591238,Recommended,327670,28863929,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,ModestMVP,Good rougelike game with challenge. It's turn based  MechWarrior for netbooks. 9/10
76561198052793196,Recommended,327670,19411462,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Mythalemon,"This is surprisingly fun! The match-3 bit isn't as central a dynamic as you think, and the upgrades are surprisingly addictive since you have to restart after every death. Polished and enjoyable. I'd probably only get it on sale though.Bonus points to the writers for the tea collection mission. Loved it."
,Recommended,327670,23853438,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,[MAZA]PlutoNick,"This game is awesome. I am a BattleTech fun. I don't particularly like 'plain' match 3 games, but this one is an exception!. I love the Mech theme, the RPG/loot elements, the roguelike aspects (permadeath), the tactical elements.Highly recomended.I hope there is a sequel!"
76561197972076777,Recommended,327670,15454565,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Jellycrusher,"Nearly perfect indie title, a must-have for all fans of turn-based strategy, ""match-three"" games, steampunk and massive iron steam-powered mechs. The graphics is adequate and stylish, the story nicely designed, the music good (however more tracks would be desired). The game features a nice system of mech upgrading and a great idea of cumulative overall experience level. When you are killed (and you can take it for granted you WILL be killed in five-to-ten first attmpets to beat the campaign) or when you win the campaign, all collected experience points are added to a common pool. And when you level up in this, you unlock very neat ironcast augmentations and other useful items, such as bonuses to exp, scrap or HP. This encourages to play the campaign again and again - and it is not boring, becase the available missions arre somewhat randomly selected. Summarizing - a really great game worth the money it costs. I'm eagerly waiting for the sequel, as the story is clearly not concluded."
76561198149003585,Recommended,327670,31225554,Posted: 18 April,all,AedifiLord,"This is an excellent concept for a game. On the surface it appears to be a typical match-three with a dueling mechanic, but it is so much more. As it is a rogue-lite, death will end a run forever. However there is progression over the (many) failed runs that you will experience.In terms of gameplay, the missions are varied enough as to not be boring, but it could stand a few more variations.There is a distinct difficulty curve in that the second part of the game is notably more difficult and I've yet to finish the final boss after ~100 hours and almost just as many runs.Suggested for anyone who can stomach repeated and heartwrenching loss.Update: The final boss is possible, just took me 109 hours :)"
76561197982108776,Recommended,327670,15145749,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Tominator,"What exactly this curious little game is is already explained up there in the description, so I'm not going to bother with that. It is what it says it is and it's fun! The graphics are very intriguing, the plot and general gameplay is interesting and fun. The music started to annoy me after a while, but was fun for the first hour. So all in all I recommend it to everyone who likes the ingridients this is made out of.My only real problem with the game is that it doesn't mix things up all that much. On my first try I failed after around 30 minutes, but I had fun. On my second try, I beat the game after around 4 hours and I had lots of fun and some very tense moments. On my third try, I used a newly unlocked officer, a newly unlocked Ironcast, and I didn't really have all that much fun anymore. Even though I had unlocked a bunch of stuff with all the exp from my second try, it just felt like I was doing more of the same and there was nothing interesting waiting anymore, my new officer for example was only the different picture and one different ability. In the game's defense: I get bored of games that have nothing new to offer anymore quicker than most people. So you might get more hours out of this than I did. But where a game like Risk of Rain or FTL or BoI have tons of random abilities and encounters and classes that are very different from each other, here every playthrough feels too much like the ones before it, since barely anything changes.tl;dr: Generally recommending the game, it's quite beautiful and fun, but there is not enough stuff mixing up your playthroughs, so you might not keep hitting that retry button as much as you would in other rogue-lites."
,Recommended,327670,15159803,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Hi/Hello Biscus,"This is a great game :) Have not had so much frustration in any game. good frustration though. anyway, the game crashes a lot when i play. this crash happens when my workshop background changed to black and the next mission it turns white. then it crashes, with the message: Too many Heap sections.so yeah. i have a heap of fun, and they were like.. TOO MUCH HEAPS! so yeah.. im choosing to think its that10/10 still playing it."
76561198065824739,Recommended,327670,15209045,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,BigBadBlackman,"Puzzle quest meets FTL, with global umlocks. I have been enjoying this games as it also add a lot more strategy to the match three mechanic by making juggle resources, that damn coolant lol. A very enjoyable game i would recomned to anyone who likes rouglike and puzzle quest."
,Not Recommended,327670,15174947,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Hailblade,"I really want to play this game, a lot. It has a nice theme, it has progression, it has match three elements, the steampunk setting works, and it's fun to watch the machines duke it out.However, I got bored of dying every three games mainly because there are no ammo, no energy, no coolant, no chance, etc. It feels like I'm supposed to die until my global level is something ridiculously high. I don't feel like there is much I can do to improve my chances of winning any one match, and every match has the odds stacked against me.If you think flipping a coin enough times to get 20 heads in a row is fun, then I'd suggest doing just that as it only costs you the coin, and even that only if you happen to lose it while flipping.The UI is also lacking. I can't easily check my own machine's stats during combat, so I need to remember my max ammo slots, energy slots, coolant slots, and repair slots. I can't easily skip the texts that I've seen, as I first need to read a few lines to see if they are new or old. The UI makes me wait stuff, when I just want to get to the next screen already. Effectiveness of projectiles, energy weapons, etc against different opponents is best done by trial and error, since you'll be doing that (=dying) a lot anyway.Pretty much anytime I happen to get a rare blueprint I'm guaranteed to die the next round when I have that piece on the machine. I've only done maybe 20 matches, and I'm mostly frustrated. I've tried upgrading my guns first, I've tried upgrading my shields first, I've tried upgrading my drives first. I usually die first.So, I just don't get this type of ""rogue like"". What is the point of just dying constantly based on a biased flip of a coin? ""For every 100 times you fail, your base success rate is increased by 1% point, from the initial 1%, up to a maximum of 49%""?I play games that are fun and engaging. This is only fun for the first 3-4 fights, and then you die. After the third or fourth death, the fun goes away but you have not learned much that would help you survive any longer.For some, this might be worth 10-15 euros, but to me this is a 1 eur failure. Hopefully, they'll add an easy mode or tune the numbers to increase the odds, or add mechanics that I could grasp and use."
,Not Recommended,327670,15070114,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Karma,"If you're familiar with Puzzle Quest, you already know what this game is about. However this game does not reach the same level of quality as puzzle quest.Negatives:* Not enough strategic depth.* Not enough variations in weapon upgrades or shield upgrades to justify it being a roguelike* It seems that the game wasn't originally meant to be a roguelike as it's really story heavy.* You cannot see your opponents moves* Your opponent only has one visible stat, which is the coolant.I played 3 different sessions of this and just didn't find the playthroughs different enough from each other. If the developer is willing to improve on the game's core mechanics through patches this could be a great game.Currently it is fun for maybe a few hours. It really is worth buying if you're a huge puzzle quest fan, but do not expect this to get even near to the same level in terms of complexity and build diversity."
76561198062063722,Recommended,327670,25414973,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,reinforced balaclava,"It is fun, it is challenging, it is inspiring. Soundtrack is great, it really suits the gameplay. Story is engaging, there is a feeling of actually participating in it.Although I swear, the RNG has, and I mean, HAS to be broken. How else would you explain enemy hitting all 10 out of 10 shots with me having 45% dodge chance? And me missing all of my 5 shots while shooting an enemy with puny 10% dodge chance?Still, a great game.Buy it."
76561198035951038,Recommended,327670,15148411,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Spud the Spud,"This game is addicting and fun. Even at the worst defeats, there's a feeling of ""I ALMOST had it"", and with the global unlocks you can come back even stronger to give it another try.If you like match-up kind of games, like bejeweled, you're probably going to like this. Fun from start to finish, and now I'm waiting for the sequel...hurry up sequel...HURRY UP I SAID! *waving cash furiously at the computer*It's excellent. Buy it. Well, what are you waiting for?"
,Recommended,327670,33241221,Posted: 4 July,all,[<3] Metalacil,"Epic match 3 roguelite in Mech steampunk victorian world.Where the French attack the UK and you have to beat them and have to prepare for the boss!Its a game where you each time pick 1 of 3events your want to participate in. In the event you will battle other mechs till the objective is complete(kill/collect/survive). Afterwards you get money + maybe weapons/blueprints to improve you mech.You can match up twice in a turn but use multiple actions(like attack/repair/shield up) aslong as you got the resources for it(farmed by matching).You can at the beginning pick the operator and a mech to play the current run.There is global levelling after each run that will unlock stuff as you play. Achievements are easy to get and i finished and got it all within 45hours. *ps. ""i was a noob"" and still am according to viewers -.-'Pros- Match 3 game- Steampunk Victorian style- Mechs- Relaxing to play- Easy to start up- Resource management- Story- Boss fightsCons- Not a big diversity events/ enemies- Diversity on weapons- Too shortHighly recommending this game to any match 3 fans or steampunk victorian fans! When not a fan of those still get it!Its a very relaxing game and very nice to see."
,Recommended,327670,16566999,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Monkeyhuouse,"A wonderful tactical game that is not for the faint of mind.A match-link game (as opposed to a match-3 where you move gems, you link them together in a sequence of 3 or more) that emphasizes strategy, planning ahead, properly sizing your enemies, and hoping for the best. Glazed over with a wonderful layer of lore, war, and steampunk, and you have an interesting experience all around. Upgrade mech systems, augment weapons, level up, and head into each battle, while every single match you make carries weight with it, as one thoughtless move could end your life."
76561198001450900,Recommended,327670,15080891,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Nascent,"Ironcast is pretty fun. I like the core gameplay. The story was okay, but too short. I think that's the problem with the game in general. There just isn't enough content. After playing for 5 hours I feel like I've seen just about everything. There are different vehicles you can use, and different commanders, but they only change the game slightly. The campaign just needs to be longer. The game is also just too easy.FTL did such a great job making the game difficult and replayable. Ironcast could be the same if the campaign was longer and the battles had more variety. I still think it's worth picking the game up since it's only $10 right now. Just be aware that you're not likely to get more than 10 hours of play time out of it.I really hope they do a big content add-on like FTL had. This game could benefit enormously from it."
76561198006945357,Recommended,327670,15152690,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,PUNisher,A turn based roguelite in which you use Match 3 mechanics to acquire powerups which you then use to blow up enemies. Great stuff.
76561198029191256,Recommended,327670,15174780,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,viktor.kay,"Oh.My.God. It is like Puzzle Quest had a lovechild with a steampunker. Just started playing, but it is already one of the main reasons I want to get home from work. The sound effects, the music (during the boss batle there is a really grim variant of the La Marseillaise - gave me a braingasm), smooth and simple graphics with a visual style that is really up-to-date, even if it is simple. Everything is just what it should be.As for the negative reviews concerning the change from the classical match3 gampelay mechanics: Yes, it is frustrating that you can not see what the opponent is matching. BUT, I never felt cheated. It is a cruel game, sometimes you will have an all-you-can-eat-buffet of tiles, sometimes you will cry for at least ONE MORE COOLANT. But it was never unfair. If you stick along with it for a while, you will understand and learn to love its system. I was beaten like a little child the first time I played the boss, but I gained 5 global levels getting to it, so the next time around it was easier (still a bi***, though and still a fail, but I will keep on reaching for the stars).For all of you lovers of Puzzle Quest like games, and definitely for steampunk lovers (I myself was not one before this game), this is a must buy at an RSP of around 10 EUR during the current sale. The story is more than elaborate and definitely more than can be expected of this genre.10/10 would once again shoot rockets and dissolve shields (and capture tea crates) for the glory of the Brittish Empire."
,Recommended,327670,15148743,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Fictionerd,I got this game day of launch as a result of Totalbiscuit's livestream. From what I've played thus-far it's a lot of fun.PROSInteresting story.Balanced Gameplay (IMO)Replayability stacked to the sky.CONSA little short narratively.The one Con I can find is more of a personal nitpick. Also It's mitigated by replayability a bit and I've only played with one pilot so I don't know if the story continues with others.
,Not Recommended,327670,15145135,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Phishfood,"What bothers me about this game is having level up your global level until you're at a point where you can stand on even footing with the final boss.In FTL you play, you fail and you learn from it and you get better. You tell yourself you'll do tings differently next time. In Ironcast it's like you're smashing your head in to a brick wall until the wall breaks. You rely way too heavily on the random number generator to give you favorable gems to match.I found that it's best to try to end a fight as soon as possible because if you don't then the gem board tends to become unmanagable where you can hardly match anything, like there's a bunch of gems stuck at the bottom of the board that you can't do anything with.What would have been more beneficial to this game would be to have more board manipulation abilities (like Puzzle Quest) so you don't end up with an unmanageable board.I have a strong feeling the devs only tested this game for bugs but never tested it to see if it was any fun.I think they could have done something more intuitive with the ""target enemy parts"" panel. Does it really need to cover the entire enemy ironcast?"
,Recommended,327670,16355056,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Pent,"A Roguelike Steampunk Mech game where you power your various system using a gem-match system?  Sounds pretty good - but I tell you what, give it a while before you buy it.After having played through the entire (rather short) campaign which has a moderately interesting story, some of the weaknesses start to shine through.  The UI is pretty unintuative, the variety of weapons/mechs/systems/characters are limited, the missions all pretty much devolve into ""kill the enemy mech"" and the currency you get in game doesn't feel like it is purchased on anything exciting or lasting...But I have heard they are going to be adding more content into the game, so stay tuned.  Otherwise, go somewhere else."
76561198005675512,Recommended,327670,15134056,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Gidderuni n Cheese,I really great game (im only♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at the fact that I screwed up and missed one weapon tile from the boss him having 51 hp left and I having 148 hp) I enjoy the graphics and randomization of the game. At first I couldnt see how ftw relates to this but later I started to feel the same elements coming in. If you've played ftl Its only a matter of minutes till you're tied into this game.
76561198015201536,Recommended,327670,15064043,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Gimbatul,"Delicately balanced resource collection. Clever synergy with Commander, Mech, Systems and Upgrades means a wide variety of tactical approaches are possible. Turn-based, carefully thought out moves ensure none of the random cascade frenzies that you have no control over occur. When you die (permanently) you know exactly what went wrong, and the retained xps increase your chances on the next run. Clean presentation and utterly smooth gameplay.Each battle is a challenge and the bossfights are reminiscent of the Last Stand in FTL, control of the fight is elusive and just living through it is a major success. Gaming gold."
,Recommended,327670,15069636,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Clear,"I played this game at Pax East 2015 was impressed that it was a day 1 purchase for me.I bought it day 1 and got to see all the extra features that I did not get to try at the convention was really impressed.Gameplay: I can see the similiarites from FTL and from a typical match 3 gem game. You have two weapons and two defensive moves that can be used every round. Both kind of devices use different resources (minus coolant as that is used for both) you also get to do 3 matches on the gem board to gather resources for said skills.  Do you match some ammo gems and shot a few rounds and then use the next two matches to get more? Or do you go for a more balanced approach and try to keep your defenses at their top tier every turn.Once you get the basics down they introduce active and passive abilities, special gems to match and also the ability to target specific parts of the enenmy.After every mission you go back to your hanger where you spend salvage to repair or upgrade your mech.Graphics: Not sure how to describe them, but they do the job. Simple but perfect for what this game is.Music: Love it.Story: Simple but enjoyable. You get to make choices for the missions which adds to the rogue-lite feel of it. An enemy cargo ship oftered their cargo to spare their life. I agreed and I got the choice to still turn on them and kill their ship for salvage. Simple choice system but really enjoyable.Final Thoughts: Great game, if you enjoyed Puzzlequest or games like that it is a must buy. The staff is also very friendly speaking with them directly at Pax and also on the forums.9/10"
76561198153686730,Not Recommended,327670,23387208,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,manifold,"The game is wonderful. But I would say this game is unfinished yet.游戏非常精彩，但是从我个人角度而言，这个游戏是未完成的The Global Unlock progress is pointless. I have already finished the whole game twice, but still I am only level 22.全球解锁进度太蛋疼了。我通关两次也才22级。It seems that there are still a lot of ironcast abilities and weapon augments locked (At least level 40?), but I have no incentive to play this game further.但是很明显还有一大堆能力和附件没有解锁（至少有到40级）。然而实在感觉没什么动力接着玩了。Unlike 'candy crush', Ironcast is actually a Roguelike game.和一般三消游戏不一样，ironcast其实是一个类rogue的游戏。Although small game , but with very high creator. And the story is amazing.(assuming you read)超高可玩性的小游戏，而且游戏故事非常惊人（假如你认真阅读的话）all these advantages... it is very frustrating when you realize that this game has only two boss battles.拥有如此多的优点，然而这个游戏只有两个boss。。Yes.. Only two Boss battles.Well, considering the high integrality of the story.( Once again, the story is amazing!)Two Boss battles are fine.是的。。只有两个boss。。当然两个boss 也不是不可以。。What I am really expecting is something like survival mode. (For instance, in survival mode, change all scrap nodes into hull nodes) Sadly, I did not see that part.那你总得来个无尽模式吧??。。然而还是没有等你有了无尽模式我再给好评吧。。王老菊万岁，么么哒。。。看过老菊视频 想要入手的同学还是等等吧。。。这个游戏目前不值17刀。感觉 坑爹老菊 又让我喜加一了。。。The developer need to understand that the survival mode is the best part for any roguelike game.Lots of people playing Candy crush since there are thousands of levels!I will say this game is amazing, but I will not recommand this game. Not until this game is finished.Please add the survival mode or something like that.You have already gone this far. Do not give up right now.Hope Ironcast to be the Best Sales."
,Recommended,327670,16163150,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,MeHow,"One of the best indie in 2015 so far. Steampunk, very addictive, syndrome of a next fight, random skills makes this game very cool.  It's very difficult at the beginning. After killing a main boss there is a fun this checking different ironcasts, heroes etc. Give it a try."
,Recommended,327670,16999755,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,smartbombradio,"Where has my life gone? I have killed Jeremy about a million times now.11/10, would kill Jeremy a million more times."
76561197980530446,Recommended,327670,23321235,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Nimrias,"Ironcast is a great match-3/TBS mecha game set in a steampunk universe.  It runs great, bug and crash free.  I got a good 60-70 hours of play out of it before I hit max level and completed the game for the first time (I'm not the fastest gamer out there).It has permadeath, but you can save+quit between missions (5-15 minutes) so it is still pretty casual if you don't have a lot of uninterrupted time.  There is a global level / unlock system, so you will be dying and restarting often (especially at the beginning).+Base game has 4 commanders and 4 ironcasts to give you playstyle options.  There are various weapons and skills to choose from that vary each playthrough.  The non-hard missions vary each playthrough.-The game can be a little TOO random (example: you desperately need new guns but you keep salvaging leg/shield items).  It can also seem a bit grindy with the global level and unlock system.I had a good time playing Ironcast and would recommend it to others."
,Recommended,327670,29433319,Posted: 22 January,all,ch3rt,"Ironcast is beautifuly polished game. However the gameplay fails in many ways, the overall presentation deserves mentioning as it truly elevates the game into ""thumbs up"" teritory. This has to be said in the first place.Nonetheless, actual gameplay is far from flawless. Ironcast is clearly engineered for you to fail and doesn't feel like a roguelike at all. A good roguelike in my opinion punishes your mistakes, but gives you a fair chance to succeed. Problem is, that Ironcast is not hard, but unfair. In many cases you simply can't win. It seems Ironcast is purposely made this way by design, because every time you lose, you get permanent bonuses for future games. That means you need to grind (play the early game over and over) and boost your chances to acceptable level.Ironcast is not a ""cheap game"" by any means, no matter the errors. I DO like it,  and DO recommend it. It's too good game for you to miss. But take this review as a kind of warning, so you won't be dissapointed by it's missing of fair, truly roguelike elements."
,Recommended,327670,15737180,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Ziltoid Le Muet,"Totally loving it.It's a mix between dungeonraid, the mobile game for the match 3 association style (you draw a line on the symbols to make associations) and FTL for the sub-system management and game structure (random fights to level up then a boss at the end).Upgrade your mech and fight other mechs in the victorian U.k being invaded by the french (yeah sure totaly reasonnable)It's a good roguelike.Some flaws tough:-Some gameplay elements are useless most of the time (get rid of the repaair node, they have no purpose)- the random nature in this game seems sometimes unfair, unlike in  FTL (for me): the upgrade and perks system are completely random, and again, some perks are useless, so you must be lucky to be able to choose the ones that are useful (contrary to ftl where you have full control on the upgrade of your ship).I would recommend it tough, nice surprise really, and the french national anthem remix is awesome (and overall music is good, altough repetitive after a while)."
76561198036298947,Not Recommended,327670,33344521,Posted: 7 July,all,Inkidu,"More luck than skill is required. This game is nigh unbeatable as of the writing of this review. I heard talk it got some kind of significant up in difficulty, but it's just not winnable. I played Puzzle Quest Warlords, I know how hard these matching games can be. However, medium missions put you up against enemies who are two or more times more powerful than you. You never have enough scrap (and enough never drops during the matching part. All upgrades require more scrap than you will ever get from a single mission, even if you don't repair.It's just not beatable. If you have three levels of shield  and walking expect to take decent damage. If they have that, expect to miss or do flat 0. It's impossible to win in the long run as you're always falling behind on upgrades, and what upgrades you can make are often immediately useless by the next mission. Luck plays such a dominating role in the game that you might as well just pull a slot lever. If the game decides it's time for you to lose, you lose."
,Recommended,327670,15063178,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,(YouTube)Dragnix,"Good tactical Match 3 Play that will have you cursing the RNG at times, but never the less delivers in bringing an experience that may not be Puzzle Quest entirely, but has similarities to it and definitely feels as addicting. The RPG elements work well and the aesthic works, and there's not a lot of negative I can say about the game.+:-Aesthic is great, great mech designs, characters definitely feel of the time.-Strategy is high surprisingly due to conservation of resources needed and using the random abilities you get to the best of your advantage.-You have more control over this one due to no cascade effect.-Overheat mechanism is balanced enough to really use it, as there are reasonable punishments for it.-Tactical weapon/drive/armor targetting against different enemy types.-Variety picks up after first several days.-:-RNG will screw you over at times.-First few days play out the same most of the time.For more gameplay and first impressions:http://youtu.be/ZirVZ3OvzqM"
76561197990281870,Not Recommended,327670,15117088,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,snlehton,"Initially I was really excited: A new match-three kind of game with strategy and meaningful matching!But now after having played it a bit, I feel somehow disappointed.First of all, the enemy is not playing with the same rules which makes it kind of meaningless and disconnected opponent. ""Oh, he fixed shields. Oh, he fired weapons. I guess he had resources for it"". The only thing you see is the coolant. This gives you a strong feeling that the enemy is playing some other game, and it also makes your token matching less exciting. You don't need to worry about enemy stealing some resources you'll about to need soon - instead you need to worry not to match too much (see below). The fear of enemy making good moves was the essence of Puzzle Quest. This a major buzz killer for me.I do like the fact that when you die, you get this campaign XP that gives you unlocks. But I still miss the way Puzzle Quest or 10000000 worked. I could keep on trying, find alternative routes, improve your stats etc.My third issue is a pure UI/UX issue. Not being to able to see my max stats for bullets, energy, coolant or repair is just stupid. You have to memorize that ""ok I can get 8 bullets max"" and then when matching you need to calculate in your head whether the match will go over or not - because everything over the max cap is just wasted. I wish the game would display the max cap and somehow inform when the match is going to be wasteful.It's a gorgeous looking and sounding game, but I don't think I have desire to play it much further...EDIT: fixed some typos and pruned the review a bit"
76561198030649606,Not Recommended,327670,29332147,Posted: 17 January,all,Fluke,"What a disappointment! The gameplay of Ironcast shares a lot of similarities to FTL, which is great. Ironcast also has a lot of charm and using mechs in old era England --- that is a great idea.However the game doesn't add in enough of what made FTL great. It is a bare bones rogue-lite game but without any of the fun.My main problem with this game is there is nothing you can do when the RNG decides to hurt you. No running from enemies and trying to find better weapons/systems. No diverting near ruin into victory through skill and cunning. Sorry, no weapon icons in a battle mission, game over. Sorry, no shields dropped, the next enemy will easily kill you. Sorry, no energy weapons for you, you won't be able to kill anything.I am not terrible at this game, I got to the final boss on game #3. It is very easy once you get rolling but if you don't then there is just nothing you can do but watch and clear the majority of the board only to get more repair nodes.Challenging games are my favorite, but this isn't challenging. This is watching a simulator of my mech being blown apart repeatedly.Give me some options, some ways to get around the tough parts of the game and this would be a winner. Sadly, it remains a waste."
76561197973546137,Recommended,327670,30894470,Posted: 2 April,all,Telcontar,Years after buying it I keep coming back to play a few rounds. A fun and entertaingly themed game.
,Recommended,327670,30918822,Posted: 3 April,all,Majkl,"Basically a very nice looking steampunk version of Puzzle Quest. The background screens and Ironcasts are wonderful, HOWEVER, as any 'connect three balls of same colour' game, it relies so heavily on RNG that it will continuously make you mad as you lose time and time again because the right colour does not appear for 5 straight rounds."
76561197998388280,Recommended,327670,15421969,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Food Fodder,"After seeing everything in the game here is my review:Man, this game can be extremly addictive at the start. The day I purchased it I played for 13 hours straight. I went to bed with some headache, but it was totally worth it. Don't let yourself be fooled, this is a strategy game, the Match 3 system let's you collect the resources you need to power your Ironcast. This adds some RNG to the game, but unlike some people will claim it's totally fair and well balanced. I've never played Match 3 before and I didn't have any problems with it. This is a game about making smart decisions and making the best out of what the game gives you (resources, upgrades, mission selection). If you play well you can beat the game most of the time (maybe 90%). And it's the way to playing well that was the most fun in the game for me. You try the different augmentations, upgrades, ironcast & commander combinations, learn how the combat works, learn what's dangerous and what's not. You won't beat the game on your first playthrough, but if you play well, you might be able to do it on your second one. I've played most of it and I'd say that is was about 25-30 hours into the game when I had the feeling I've seen most of what is has to offer right now. It's awesome from the start and it suited me very well. It's strategic but not overly complicated. To see if it fits you I'd suggest to watch the TotalBiscuit WTF as it gives you a good impression of what the game is like:[VIDEO] WTF Is... - Ironcast ?ProsExtremly addictive when you start the gameGlobal XP feels very rewarding at the start as you unlock lots of new stuffYour decisions matterMech fighting with nice art styleGreat sound effectsPretty balanced overallDevs paying attention to communityConsGlobal XP doesn't unlock anything essential after Lvl. 25 and becomes a little of a grindCould use a little more content/variety, especially Multiplayer would benefit the game a lot (I hope it will be added in the future)It's a good game made by a small team of talented people I had more fun with than your typical AAA titles."
,Recommended,327670,17278329,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Orlandeau993,"This is one of the better puzzle games that I have ever played, with a surprisingly deep gameplay for such a casual premise. This is a game to behold amongst the top-takers in the genre: Puzzlequest and YMBAB.Ironcast has an extensive upgrade and combat systems that are very well integrated, with a wide variety of enemies that appear in the missions, providing gamers with a simple 'immune-from-defeat-super-optimized' build that most puzzle games notoriously possess. Therefore, the game forces you to think deeper and you will be rewarded for it. This sense of satisfaction is often unfound is most puzzle games."
76561197999316299,Recommended,327670,15629622,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,MadMax,"3,5 of 5.This is a good game that suffers from too little content, item wise and in variety in general. I have finished the game with all the available characters and all the different Ironcasts. I have also completed every achievement in the game. The game is a ""match-3"" battle puzzler with roguelike features and I think it pulls both off well.I will list my thoughts below and also try to write down suggestions on how to combat problems and enhance the gameplay.The combat systemis pretty solid. Since it's ""match-3"" based, it is also based on luck, but with the Global Unlock system, you start to get better and better as you die and progress. In my opinion, this benefits the game, since it lets you move forward, albeit slowly in the beginning. The combat will get repetitive and I don't think there's much to do about that, the game already has Abilities and Passives to change things around a bit, but if you don't like Puzzle Quest-like gameplay, then this is not the game for you.Suggestions: None right now, the problem lies elsewhere, with the lack of weapon types and such, see below.The storyis surprisingly good, the missions are well thought out but differ too little: one ""kill the enemy"" mission is nearly exactly the same as another, sometimes it's one and sometimes it's two enemies to destroy. That there are two types of enemies to encounter, the Ironcast and Tanks, makes up for this, but not for long. There are a few different mission types but many are basically the same, differing only in story, which has no effect on the actual gameplay. There are exceptions though: certain missions forces you to obey certain rules. But when you have to choose between one mission with these conditions, which sometimes offer no additional rewards and makes the level much harder, and another mission which is just ""kill the enemy"", it's often better to go with the latter. Missions marked as Hard are also very seldom worth it, the risk of taking damage is not equal to the actual benefit of completing a Hard mission and I am not even sure if it increases the droprate of rare items.Suggestions: Adding bonus objectives that offer bonus rewards and/or resources would make many of the missions with victory conditions worthwhile. Also, rewarding players who complete Hard Missions with a higher chance for rare items, or making this more obvious, in case of it already being the case.There are no random missions, per se, as they are all pre generated, but the path to them changes. The beginning is always the same, with the same three missions being available. It's not like FTL, in which the beginning is always different and different zones offer different challenges. All in all, it feels less random than I thought it would and in the end I think all the missions that are in the game will be available to the player in every campaign, if you manage to survive till the end of course, and the same missions will often be offered at the same time in the campaign. In contrast, I felt that some of the more ""story based"" missions, where you trade resources for other things, were totally random and I never felt sure what answer I should pick to get the reaction I wanted.Suggestions: In this game, more is more. More missions equals more variety equals more replayability. I would also love it if it would matter in some missions which character, gear or Ironcast you were using, to make the game feel more reactive to my choices as a player. As it is now, even the ending doesn't change based on the character you are playing...Sadly there arevery few item types, seven different weapons and two different types of defense and drive items. I thought the developers had countered this problem with rare effects or uses in rare items, but sadly this is not the case. Rare items are almost identical to none-rare items, only better, which is a little lackluster. In the game there are two types of enemies you can meet but you as a player never get to pilot a Tank, which I thought was a little sad. Not that they differ that much from Ironcasts, but I would have liked to have had the choice.Suggestions: The game would benefit from having a rare item changing the way you build your Ironcast, by adding an effect or changing the way a game mechanic work, like causing damage over time on the enemy or locking up their movement, and so on.The user interfacesuffers from some lack of information, especially in the Hangar part of the game. When you want to upgrade your max energy, ammo, coolant or repair levels, there's no tooltip or indicator telling you what your current max level is. This is annoying, especially if you pick up the game after a break, since it means you can potentially ""waste"" resources upgrading something which didn't help you at the moment.Suggestions: Add tooltips or indicators to the Hangar zone, indicating current levels for more than just the current HP.Levelsoffer increased HP and a choice between some Abilities and Passive effects, which I think is a good mechanic. It adds to the randomness, which I personally like in roguelikes, and makes each game a little different. That being said, some Abilities and Passives are vastly superior compared to others. Being able to spawn a Link Node each time you link ten or more nodes in one go can't be compared to a ""5 %"" higher spawn rate of a certain node. In the beginning, the Global Unlock system rewards the player with new Abilities and Passives but once you reach a certain point, there are no more to unlock and the rewards change to bonuses in HP and XP gain, which are good but not as fun.Suggestions: Some Abilities and Passives needs to be rebalanced or packaged together, to make them a viable choice.Art wise, I like it alot. The game lives and breathes steampunk and I love the big brass machines and the look of the weapons and so on. I would love it if the enemy didn't look exactly  the same as my own Ironcast though, and the same thing goes for their weapons and weapons animations and effects.Suggestions: Even just varying the enemy Ironcast's size or color tint would make me feel more unique as a player. Adding the ability to put up a custom emblem or icon on my Ironcast would also let me feel more attached to my beast of war.Boss fightscan be challenging, but I felt I could pretty much steam-roll them once I reached a high enough Global Unlock level. This, I think was also somewhat intended, and I didn't feel I got stuck as much in this game as in other roguelikes.Suggestions: Perhaps giving the bosses some kind of special power or ability would spice things up a bit. As they are now, it's pretty easy to predict their actions.In summary, this is the type of game which will benefit greatly from an expansion that increases the amount of available content in the game."
,Recommended,327670,21560730,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Septillion,"Great game, Very enjoyable but frustrating combat system, With a few adjustments it could be a very nice game.I still recommend this game base on the hours of fun i had."
76561198085583243,Recommended,327670,24124819,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,kaiju_igloo,"OK, I just finally beat the game... barely!Take that Mr. Matthew Spencer !!!!(he's the person listed in the end credits responsible for game ""balancing"")Anyway, I hope you seriously consider adding the ability to sell/scrap old parts in the game (even if it’s only for 50% of their original purchase cost).  This would greatly improve the role-playing aspect and wouldn’t change the “balance” all that much.Although I changed my review from no to yes, I still can't fully recommend this game in its current state.  It's WAAAAAY too frustrating!!!  MAKE SURE YOU RESEARCH TIPS ON HOW TO BEAT THE GAME IF YOU EVEN WANT TO HAVE A CHANCE AT WINNING!!!!It kind of feels like you made the game ridiculously hard to compensate for the short campaign length.  It should be longer and you should have the option of  taking your supped-up Ironcast through the game once more after defeating the fnal boss.  That would be a blast and make it all that much more worth while!! Take that!...and that!...and that!...phew..phew..phew!!!  Who's laughing now you giant walking trash can !    :  )ORIGINAL REVIEW BELOWNOOOOOOOOooo NoO NO NOO NOOOoOOoooooooooo....not AGAIN!!!!!Please please please balance this game!!! It would be amazing!!!Sooooo much potential but instead this game just settles for ""Frustrating"".   :  (I get the concept of the whole unlocking thing and the joy of trying over and over to get better at something, but please alow me to save at LEAST either before or after one of the big boss fights.  I got killed in a ""medium"" game right after finally defeating a big boss battle.  It was way harder then the boss battle!Also, if you gave out more scrap then people would be able to enjoy playing around with the upgrade part of the workshop. This would do a lot to increase the RPG element of the game.  As it is, the only thing I can ever afford is the occasional health increase.(On a side note, what about adding fun to the game by having the ability to customize your Ironcast so that you look different from your enemies.)At least let me sell/scrap my old parts for scrap so I can upgrade my Ironcast!The option to reroll the percs at least one time would also be great as it is not uncommon to get only one ""type"" of perc to choose from.These small changes would go a long way to balance the game.If you want to change any of these aspects of the game, I would be happy to write a positive review.   : )The concept behind the game mechanics is a great idea.It would be a shame to just abandon it in it's current state."
76561198108919278,Recommended,327670,15145654,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,gregdrako,"A solid roguelike set in the steampunk universe. Your mission is to defend Britain from French invasion. In order to succeed you will need to fight enemies and gather loot. Build equipment, level up and unlock abillities and passive skills and finaly defeat the boss.In combat you are using the match3 system to gather 3 chains of resources like ammo or energy. You have to think what you will need the most and in what order to gather them. Get more energy to power my shield? or maybe ammo and try to finish off enemy mech? or maybe stock up some repair anticipating that one of your systems will be disabled?Game is using global leveling system to unlock new mechs, pilots and abillities.I can recommend this game to everyone who playe and liked games like FTL or Bionic Dues."
76561198001533758,Recommended,327670,24984284,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Tim Carroll,"Have you ever wondered what Mechwarior would have been like as a steampunk puzzle game?  Of course you haven't, that's insane.  But somebody did, and yes it is as awesome as that sounds.  Choose a mech, power its systems by stringing together the four different color nodes, shoot up somebody else's mech and then outfit yours from the remains of your enemies.  It's a complex strategy game that's as addictive as any puzzle game.Where it falls apart a little is in length.  The campaign appears to be about sixteen short levels long (I haven't beaten the boss on 16 yet), but anytime you die, you start from the beginning.  Also, dying raises your ""global level"", giving you perks that make the game easier.  Seeing as how my mech was destroyed in a few hits in that final battle, I'm thinking you're going to have to get your level up pretty high to stand a chance, which is going to mean some grinding.  So there you have it, a short game made unnecesarily long with a cheap trick.All in all, the game is a lot of fun, full of interesting art assets, and overflowing with variety considering its small scale.  Sometimes you'll find an amazing new weapon on a simple enemy.  Other times the game board won't cooperate and you'll find yourself desperate for just a little more energy for your shields.  Either way, you'll never be bored in this one."
76561197995425192,Recommended,327670,24819901,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Meanwhile,"As color-matching games go, it's actaully pretty decent. It's got a fun story and a charming setting. The characters are silly and one-dimensional, of course, but there's enough strategy in the gameplay and advancement that you find yourself playing game after game just to see how awsome your steampunk mech can get."
76561198004390474,Recommended,327670,16465651,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Diddums,"Ironcast has the same basic matching mechanic that was so addictive in Dungeon Raid (IOS), but with a far-more indepth strategic AND tactical layer.  It's much, much more frustrating and difficult than Dungeon Raid, but at the same time offers more replayability.  It can be grindy, but any match-3 puzzle game is by its nature extremely grindy;  but the atmosphere and artwork as well as elegant design really make this a must-buy for match-3 fans."
76561198141251809,Recommended,327670,15190002,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,char565,"good, wish have more robots and more characters, make it complex!"
76561198062930115,Recommended,327670,15078258,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,DG Dobrev,"In a nutshell:An awesome game for the lovers of the Puzzle Quest/FTL kitbash genre. The game has the randomness of the FTL and the strategic thinking of PQ WITHOUT the randomness factor. This is just huge. While it is still a bit luck based, strategic thinking while connecting the available resources on your board ill lead to victory.Not a TL;DR In-depth:1. The Game in general.1. Like FTL: Make your own vehicle from a bunch of given presets, upgrade and augment it with stuff you find on the battlefield and go for victory.2. Like FTL: randomness and replayability at its best.3. Like FTL: varying encounters with different goals to go for.4. Like Puzzle Quest: you have a board with gems - here you have resources.5. Like Puzzle Quest: you need to match the resources, with the difference that you can go diagonally.6. Like Puzzle Quest: There is still some randomness.7. You lose, you die. Simple.8. UN-like 90% of FTL: you have intel (unless you have FTL info of the map which is rare), and you can prepare.9. UN-like 60% of FTL: you know what the mission's all about. Not just ""there is an enemy starship in this area""10. UN-like Puzzle Quest: you have your own board and you can plan ahead. You can even strategicaly make a huge 12-tile chain just to open up more board space.11. UN-like Puzzle Quest: the enemy can't foil your plans with your own pieces. Only bad luck can - or yourself, for that matter.12. UN-like Puzzle Quest: The is no luck factor to enemy beating you using your own board and making you smash your screen.13. UN-like both of them: you have way bigger control over what happens in a mission.The Battles:1. Enemies vary, and are interesting - you need to examine an enemy and attack it in a specific manner.2. Simple mouse clicking is your doom. Using your brain wins battles.3. The various ironcasts have different abilities. Play to the advantage or detriment of those.4. Battle variety is huge, with boss battles every 10 turns thrown in for good masure.5. You have shields, movement, evasion, hull, everything you need to defeat the enemy. Or lose.The Rest:Is mediocre. Gameplay makes this game good."
76561198086087452,Recommended,327670,29836565,Posted: 10 February,all,CyberDown,"Im recommending the game but its borderline.My biggest gripe is that there seems to be a knack for the gems to screw you over...For instance, ive played many hours, unlocked tons of stuff...ive never made it to the first boss fight.Every single run i do is exactly the same, i stomp the living daylights out of everything...then...i get that one game where i get no ammo or coolant gems...and typically this is after stomping the enemy...and eventually die and have to start over.I dont mind it being difficult...theres a lot of interesting aspect and progression involve...however...i rarely do more than upgrade 3 gear items total..So yeah its a unique-ish match 3 fighting game, however it starts to get old really fast when you just continually restart the game over and over and over....without progressing much between deaths...Let me build out my mech...let me fight a boss or two...then ramp up the ""screw you"" gem mechanics.This isnt my first match 3 rodeo....and i really feel that through poor RNG mechanics, or planned resource tightening...very early on in game...the game throws away all the awesome upgrades, skills, and progression far too fast, without letting you get rolling.Id understand it more as a get good thing if i was struggling every match....early on....but its litterally too easy then i die...usually due to multiple turns with a poor RNG of gems to where i cant do anything, yes i use gem swap skills.So yeah its a fun game, i just feel they need to let you play it longer so you can actually sink your teeth into the mech and skill progression.  Maybe lower the cost of repairing between matches, which tens to suck my gold dry and keeps me from using most blueprints and passive upgrades from the global unlock system."
,Recommended,327670,28189663,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Revisor,"A fun combination of match-3, resource management and turn-based battles with a few upgradable stats and a dash of frustration from occasional bad luck.Ironcast is a simple but compelling combination:The basic gameplay is Match-3.Each color represents a resource you need: Ammo, energy, cooling and repair.Your robot has four functional slots which you can equip with looted equipment: Shield, drive and two weapons.Resources are consumed whenever you activate your robot's equipment.Fulfill your mission. Most of the time this means kill the other robot, sometimes kill it without damaging certain equipment slot, sometimes just survive a certain number of rounds.After each mission you get experience points, money and loot to repair and upgrade your robot for the next mission.And that's it. Quite simple, even though there are a few hidden strategies and gotchas you discover as you play.Your success depends on your ability to manage uncertainty and bad luck and string long matches. Sometimes the board just clogs up and you can't find a good, long match. For that there are various board-cleaning abilities. But if you take them, you forego other, potentially more useful offensive or defensive abilities. Boss battles are a bit easier since the boards have one color fewer (no gold).All in all this is a fun game for long winter nights."
,Not Recommended,327670,15120499,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,DeadPoolX,"If you were to create a Steampunk mech-like setting, toss in RPG elements and turn-based strategy, and then use Match-3 mechanics for the combat while implementing Roguelike permadeath, you'd have Ironcast. Unfortunately, there's a lot wrong with it, so much so that it overshadows the game's good qualities.First, the game mechanics: you have a choice of four pilots (you start off with one), all of whom have different bonuses attached to them. Likewise, you'll eventually gain four different ironcasts (which I'll refer to as ""mechs"" from here on out), but only start with one.You can usually choose between three or so missions every round, after which you'll appear in the hangar to repair your mech and purchase new weapons, drives or shields/armor. Every time you level up you'll also get a chance to pick a new active or passive ability (the choice is randomized, so there's really no telling what you'll be offered).The combat is a little different from typical Match-3 games in that you don't click on each individual node (different colored pieces that represent ammo, energy, coolant, and repair), but instead click on one node and hold down the mouse button, connecting a line between the nodes you want. This works a lot smoother than most Match-3 styles, plus it also manages to avoid the constant cascades of new pieces that plague many Match-3 games.Now then... I said there are quite a few problems with Ironcast, all of which I shall detail below:1. The game only saves when you're in the hangar. If you need to leave the game for ANY reason during combat, your entire campaign will be deleted. Got a real commitment? Too bad. You're going to lose all of your progress if you need to quit.To make matters worse, this includes errors like crashing to the desktop, your PC freezing up (and needing a reboot or you've got to kill the Steam process), or a power surge. So even a situation that's beyond your conrol could cost you your entire campaign.The above isn't a hypothetical either. Someone in the forums had a technical problem and in the end, the game deleted his progress.2. Ironcast claims to be based around strategy and while there definitely is some in the game, the single greatest factor is luck.How well you do in the campaign is directly tied to your mech's capabilities, which stem from three different systems (weapons, drives, shields/armor) and any active/passive abilities you have.The problem is that what abilities and weapons, drives and shields/armor you end up finding is completely randomized. If you're lucky and you get some really good abilities and systems early on, you'll probably do well, but if you don't, you're pretty much doomed from the start.In addition, the Match-3 gameboard can make or break you in a heartbeat. Say you need more coolant or energy nodes, but the game doesn't give them to you. Now you've got to waste turns getting rid of crap on the board you don't want while at the same time being unable to fire your weapons, raise shields, or even move.3. Combat always starts off unfairly. When the first round begins, you can't shoot, but your opponent can. This means that the enemy effectively gets a free shot at you, so unless the AI does something really dumb (and it has before), it WILL score a few good hits before you can even think of returning fire.The in-game explanation is that it takes a round to ""charge up your weapons."" This begs the question, ""Why would anyone enter combat without being able to fight immediately?""Oddly enough, you can still move and activate shields just fine, so apparently your pilot is smart enough to think about defending himself or herself, but couldn't properly prepare to do any damage.4. Repair costs are insane. It's not uncommon to spend 50% or more of your earnings on simply repairing your mech. This makes purchasing new weapons, drives, and shields/armor extremely difficult as those items are very expensive.So what's good about the game? It's a neat fictional universe, and if you like the Steampunk setting at all, you'll probably find something to enjoy. If you're looking for a more casual game (like Puzzle Quest) don't bother, as the Roguelike game mechanics will infuriate you.All in all, I'd suggest buying it if and when it's under five dollars. At anything above that, it's simply not worth it (as of this review), but maybe that'll change at some point in the future."
,Not Recommended,327670,15068328,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Fishchisel,"This game seems like it should be good, but it isn't.The combat system is uninteresting and has really binary outcomes - you either win easily or lose totally. There is no way to flee from a losing battle like you can in FTL, which is frustrating.The game is very RNG focused in loot/upgrades disribution and in battles. It's annoying when you lose what should be an easy battle because you aren't drawing the right tiles on the board. It reminds me of getting mana screwed/mana flooded in a CCG like Magic, except there are no skills/abilities in this game to help you avoid that.The tile matching gameplay isn't as fun as in match-3-style games like puzzle quest as there are no cascades. You don't have to think hard as to your move, but actioning your plan it is pretty time consuming and tedious compared to similar games.The game is a roguelike in that when you die you have to start again, and it starts to feel repeatitive and grindy fast. The campaign is the same every time, and there is not much variation possible in the build/tactics used by your mech.On the plus side, the presentation of the game is good and it is bug free. The writing is pretty solid and while the storyline is light, it works well for its purpose. The setting (19th century steampunk mechs) has been done before but not that often, so its still kind of fresh.I wouldn't recommend this game. Try something like Puzzle Quest or Puzzle Kingdoms for a better strategy/tile matching game, or FTL for a more entertaining rogue-lite."
,Recommended,327670,19051534,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Tosayu,"A fun match 3, light rpg, lite roguelike game with a serviceable story. I have enjoyed it and play it casually from time to time.  I am looking forward to all the unlocks I haven't earned."
,Recommended,327670,18202355,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,shintsu,Great asstetic intresting game mechanicsits a intresting combination of rogue lite with campain and global progression system. perma death is not a problem since every game is a new challange with new random loot and abilities you can pick from.I can recomend ths game for sure ! :)
76561197994926259,Recommended,327670,16788578,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Gatchaman97,Great turn-based match-3 puzzle game. The roguelike elements are a nice touch. I only wish the story were longer.
76561198042281318,Recommended,327670,22736347,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Sairvell,"Ironcast mixes Match-3 gameplay with Victorian steampunk battlemechs, the titular ironcast, in an accessible and entertaining format.By way of matching similar color nodes the player powers their ironcast's systems, allowing them to move and raise shields or fire various weapons. These matches, the longer they grow, also grant increasing amounts of experience points that enable the selection from one of three randomly chosen abilites upon leveling. Some of these abilities are tied to particular systems (drives, shields or a particular weapon slot), while others are installed as an enhancment to the ironcast or are a buff for your ironcast commander.This game mixes in some very rogue-lite elements by dropping various craftable system schematics that can swing your play strategy from offensive to defensive, making evasion more appealing than damage absorption, for instance, or vice-versa. Similarly, there is an overall experience measure, accumulated from play-through to play-through that allows for a global leveling system, granting various minor buffs to make future games easier.The art is effective at creating this alternate Victorian steampunk world and the sounds and music are pleasant enough.The  unlockable ironcast commanders are rendered with portraits, incredibly wordy backstories that make no difference in the overall campaign, each having a unique ability that can significantly change one's approach to play. Just the same, various ironcasts, each one obviously designed to match up to the abilities of a particular commander, are well rendered, each also possessing a particular quality that sets it apart from the rest of the pack.Missions are accessed from a map of southern England. Three are offered up as options to the player, drawn from a fairly limited pool of missions. Mostly they are either destroy X number of enemies in Y number of turns, or simply survive Y number of turns, perhaps while collecting crates that spawn in the Match-3 board in the center of the screen.There is a back and forth of dialog at the beginning of each mission with a dispatching officer which lends some context to what you're doing and why, but it's irrelevant to actual gameplay and are, fortunately, skippable. The campaign itself is a two-act affair, punctuated with over-sized boss fights at the end of each act. Success in the final fight is often a function of which schematics have dropped during play and the luck of the Match-3 draw, so to speak.There are two DLCs available for the game, but each merely contains an additional ironcast and commander. It's disappointing that new campaigns weren't added or at least more missions with more varied structures and goals. Even at a buck, I can't recommend either of the DLCs.Ironcast presents a casual and entertaining adaptation of Match-3 play that allows for a strategic depth that might appeal to a more serious gamer. Adding in the attractive Victorian steampunk dystopia and the unlockables makes for a fun, budget friendly diversion."
76561197975407463,Recommended,327670,22831630,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,sun_moon_stars_81,"This game is awesome.Especially if you like quick blasts of playing.The only problem is, I'm not sure I'll be able to stop playing it."
,Recommended,327670,23620670,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Darabka,"Good RPG Strategy Hybrid using Match 3 puzzle mechanics. Definitely recommended, I also enjoyed the neat Steampunk setting. With the permadeath and the timelimit with the boss, it does feel a bit like FTL."
,Recommended,327670,19728199,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,THE BURRELLATER,"A mech Match-3 RPG with a steampunk setting. Low cost, high replayability and enjoyment."
76561198006681263,Recommended,327670,20646341,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Crowley,"Really good match 3, with the upgrade system and gameplay having a surprising amount of depth for what it is. Also really enjoy the Victorian steam-punk aestethic.Overall a fun game that keeps you playing, even if you've cleared it once!"
76561197978612332,Recommended,327670,16587865,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Ten Ton KC-Tron,"Oh Wow.Bejeweled combined with a Mech Warrior, steam punk theme.Less Read, More Buy."
,Recommended,327670,17437616,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Chaoskg,"More brutal than X-Com, if that's even possible."
76561197989223135,Recommended,327670,16936642,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Silvermarble,"I like this game.  There, I said it.  Truth is, I wasn't sure I wanted to like it.  See, it's a bit like Candy Crush (I think) in its basic make-up.  The only thing I really know about Candy Crush is that I regularly mock my wife for playing it too much.  And it's a bit creepy how some Barry White-sounding guy keeps going ""Sweet"" and ""Delicious"" and it seems to give my wife some sort of freakish jollies.  But I digress...I decided to try this game because of the whole Steam Punk setting.  You're not sliding your finger over candy in this game, you're matching components that allow you to unleash mechanical mayhem -- and no one throughout the entire game ever says ""Tasty"".  I know this because I finished it and it never came up.So anyway, other than the cool robot and technological linking sounds, I wasn't overly blown away at first.  It wasn't that hard and it didn't seem to require much in the way of actual thought -- which is pretty much how I envisioned my wife's Candy Crush addiction.  So, I got to the first Boss, and he totally kicked my posterial lobe.  It wasn't even close.  My first thought, of course, was ... ""Wait, all the early boards be so easy and the Bad Guy is unbeatable.""  So, I did what any tried-and-true gamer did -- I started playing a different game that massaged my ego more adequately.But I thought about Ironcast a couple of days later ... and I decided to try again.  At which point I got my butt kicked again.   I again stopped playing, but I found myself returning to Ironcast, and I started figuring a few things out... and then it hit me:  This game was actually making me think!   I don't want to give away much in the way of strategy, but the game allows you upgrades that can totally turn the tide of the battles if the correct combination is used.The hardest part of the game is getting the correct upgrades (it's a bit randomized) AND getting the chance at the right weapons/equipment  (again chance).  Just when I started figuring things out, I could pretty much beat the First Boss every time.  Then I got to the second Boss... and the entire process repeated.  ""This guy is impossible.  I quit.  Well, maybe I'll try again.  This guy is still impossible,  Wait, maybe I should try this...  etc""  In the end, I finally won the game, and I actually felt good about it.  Again, I had to think.  I give Ironcast a definite thumbs-up.  Candy Crush still sucks though."
,Recommended,327670,17304919,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Ro,"FTL meets Puzzle Quest .Two of my favorite games mixed together in a victorian theme and with mechs instead of spaceships.Totally worth the price tag, if you see it on sale it's an even sweeter deal:"
76561197970700206,Recommended,327670,21028495,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Senhor Marim [ARCE],"I found it hard what to expect from this game, but in general reviews were so positive and I like the idea of fighting mechs and steampunk so I decided to buy this game. For sure I feel no regrets. It really is a nice and addictive game.I do like the game dynamics. There are all kinds of gameplay elements that keeps the game interesting, also the perma dead element brings in nice game dynamics keeping you motivated in trying another round.The artwork is beautiful although it might be more detailed, for example I'd like to see the mechs in much more detail. The game would benefit also from a nice voice-over, but I find these points minor details.The game runs natively under Linux and I consider that a big thumbs up!"
,Recommended,327670,20279028,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Darcyska [GWave],"Ironcast strikes the perfect balance between story and excitement that I feel all modern puzzlers should strive for. Ironcast is played out in a Steampunk Victorian England where players duke it out in huge mechs. Players link together nodes of specific types in order to do things such as power up their weapons, repair their mechs, and boost up shields as well as other tasks. For what seems like a basic ‘Match 3’ puzzler, there is an incredible amount of depth here. Each pilot and mech has unique stats and can further be customized through purchasing equipment and using augmentations. This game is addictive, punishing, and something totally fresh. Each battle is a total blast to play and delivers the same action and intensity as a tournament fighter or shooter while also giving you the depth and strategy of an RPG or TGC."
76561198141257690,Recommended,327670,19979751,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,LEGO_Rocket-Man,"Dec. 26, 2015This is a very enjoyable time waster that uses ""Match 3"" as its main mechanic in addition to the resource management nature of piloting your Ironcast (Steampunk Mecha). I recommend it.That said, as some one who enjoys storylines in games, I would love to see a Standalone Expansion to Ironcast that would have a more traditional Campaign mode for each of the characters and the respective Ironcast, where when one died they simply returned to the Campaign menu rather than having to start a completely new campaign. I would certainly buy that game.Now that I've said that I like it a lot, let me nitpick on it. The term ""tank"" was originally the codeword for the British ""Land Battleship"" program during WWI, therefore in the alternate history given in the game shouldn't the Steamtanks be called Land Battleships or perhaps Motorized Artillery? ;-)Jan. 27, 2016Had a thought of a way the current game could possibly be improved: provide a means by which unused weapons, shields, & drives could be sold off for scrap, at a considerly reduced price of course. Would be great to see in an update or in a potential expansion that would double the length of the campaign with new bosses and equipment."
76561198063605752,Recommended,327670,20128104,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,retroquark,"Service to the Queen in steam-punk Victorian England is, much like in our own alternate world, cruel, bitterly unfair and ultimately unrewarding. And yet, it is so very satisfying to combat insurmountable odds and emerge victorious, no matter how small that victory is. Ironcast manages to create a very deep risk/reward system out of a ""match three"" game, as well as an original setting reminding fondly of Douglas Adams' humourous melancholy in Dr. Who, and Alan Moore's Victorian England in the League of Extraordinary Gentlemen. The only thing missing is more single-player campaign content, and possibly a board-game with cardboard cutouts for the marching Ironcast and all their upgrades."
,Recommended,327670,15678057,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Haunted,"My Review of IroncastBritish. Very British. I thought they were speaking a foreign language. I don't think I heard a single consonant. But fortunately, Ironcast comes out of the box with subtitles.Seventy years after Jane Austen died--beloved author of “Lock, Stock, and Two Smoking Barrels”--you get to strap yourself into a 7 meter tall mechanized war machine and and do what every red blooded American wants to do: blow sheet up and drive away without looking at the explosions (preferably while being filmed in slow motion while blasting Death Metal).I have to pause at this point in the review to break out a calculator to convert those crazy British metric measurements. Wow, those Mechs are about 23 feet tall! That is a lot taller than I thought. Gee, that foreign metric system seems a lot more efficient and simpler to use than our American system: 1) one unit for each quantity, 2) scalability by combining units, and 3) you can do freaking unit conversion without math by SHIFTING A DECIMAL FREAKING POINT. NO FLIPPING WONDER THE WHOLE FREAKING WORLD USES IT.But I digress. I died on an Ironcast mission where the bureaucrats risked the entire war effort--and one of its famous captains--to go behind enemy lines for a vital UK resource; that is, 6 boxes of flipping tea leaves. I warned you this game  is British. AND THE DEVS EXPECT US TO BELIEVE THAT THEY THOUGHT OF THIS WHEN ONE HUNDRED AND THIRTEEN YEARS EARLIER IN AN ALTERNATE TIME STREAM AMERICA INNOVATED THE BOSTON FREAKING TEA PARTY........ CHILDHOOD RUINED EVERYTHING RUINED!!!1!But I digress. Ironcast has permadeath but with great replayability due to global unlocks, augmentations, great turn based combat mechanics, upgradable subsystems, targetable enemy subsystems, incredibly hot Victorian chicks surrounded by really homely Victorian guys so you know the babes are just waiting for you to swoop in and rescue them along with their heaving bosoms...And let’s not forget, these guys know the life and death value of tea leaves: Oi, fancy a cuppa?"
,Recommended,327670,15758553,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Aridolomo,"Good title, fun for a couple of hours. Not much replayability after you beat the game, unless you want to try out all the mechs and captains. Furthermore I think this game would do so much better with both multiplayer and steam workshop support."
,Recommended,327670,24391545,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Tiver,"Great fun, good replayability to keep running the campaign with differrent strategies or luck on RNG."
76561197989281707,Recommended,327670,16721306,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Specificity,A very satisfying gaming experience.
,Recommended,327670,15760873,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Arkan01d,"Great mix of game types - Max 3 puzzle quest & Strategy/Resource Management game. You'll always be lacking in one thing, but that adds to the excitement. The game is played by leveling up your global xp; so the first few times you're going to die quickly. However, you gain new abilities and things as you die; so in a sense: What kills you makes you1 stronger.I've sunk a lot of time into this game. I've beaten it multiple times, but it's still fun to play. 100% recommended!"
76561198035760197,Recommended,327670,16941426,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Lindsey,"This is a very fun game, slight strategy, but mostly just connect the gems, like Puzzle Quest or along that line. I don't like how they use the save feature, as you can't save before a match, or if the game crashes, you lose progress (to be fair doesn't seem too buggy, though you need to restart the game periodically, otherwise you won't get any options for purchasing upgrades to the weapons, defense, etc.).I just started letting it run in the background, rather than try and exit the game, so I hope they would change that with a patch, but it isn't a deal breaker.I hope there is a sequel where the updates to equipment are expanded more, as the game can get a bit tedious when the randomize feature doesn't give you any good options, and it would be great to explore it as more RPG.Still, all in all, it is time waster game, like playing solitaire. It is fun, not too challenging, and not expensive, so absolutely worth the money."
76561197977736309,Recommended,327670,15700729,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Cdr Krill,"Liked the look of this game and bit of a fan of match the blocks games like 1000000. This game reminds me of that. There's no way to win unless you are either 1. Extremely lucky or 2. Die so many times, your ""global"" exprience points allow you to start buffed (ie with more health etc).I played most of last night. Didn't get past mission 4. Played again this morning got to mission 8. I knew I would die, I was waiting for the mission with the robot that was just too much for me. This morning it turned out to be one with level 3 weapons and shields (I still had level 1 weapons and shields). ""Woah"" I hear you say, ""you should have upgraded them"". Yes, but then I wouldn't have been able to upgrade my HP instead and made it past mission 6.So, there are choices to make how you spend your scrap and experience, the game's currency. Some of the drops are luck but so far I haven't managaed to make the right decisions. That's a bit frustrating as my block matching skills are fine and that is where this game is slightly dissapointing. It doesn't really matter if you are not brilliant at matching blocks, if you haven't had the good drops and they are stronger than you then you're probably going to be starting again..and again...and again. Right back to the start after hours and hours.However, this game cost me a tenner. That would have kept me in the pub for less than 2 hours so I'm happy."
,Recommended,327670,15675845,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Wholly,"It's kind of a Steampunk Mech FTL but it feels more like you're in some control of your destiny.  Unlike FTL which just feels like it cheats (grin)  The match mechanic is NOT the primary focus of the game, in fact, matching is easy, the hard part is matching the resources you need to keep up the fight.  Lots of variations, slight story based modifications to play that help keep it interesting.And it seems like a good bit of replayability.  Definitely recommended.  At least put it on your wishlist and pick it up on sale.  This would also make a decent mobile title as it is turn based.  Surely they have that in mind."
76561197972462277,Recommended,327670,17013008,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,chriskessel,Great matching game with some interesting decisions on how to work your Ironcast mech. Beat the main bad guy twice before burning out on the game. Definitely worth the money.
76561197970432545,Recommended,327670,17038867,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Jack_Staynes,"What a great game. I'm a big fan of quick easy games like Bejeweled, which is what led me to this game, glad I tried it because it's a lot more involved than it looks."
,Recommended,327670,15770119,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Ander,"It's a roguelike puzzle-RPG, which is as addicting as you'd think. The gameplay has surprising depth, and the steampunk setting is used well.  The game is split into two sections, both taking the form of side missions to prepare for the end-of-section boss fight.The game is heavily luck dependent for early games, but player power increases considerably over time, making it much easier.The game takes several hours to complete.  Not a bad choice for whiling away a weekend."
76561198017479699,Recommended,327670,24815661,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Waterfish,A nice little puzzlegame
,Not Recommended,327670,20296604,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Sheepfucker,"Sadly lacking. I love play-die-unlock-repeat roguelikes. I have hundreds of hours in games like this. This game does not have what I want - the potential to keep me playing for hundreds of hours.Bills itself as FTL with match-3 combat, but it's significantly shorter per playthrough than FTL, with far less replayability. That's because there are less interesting mission things to do (little by way of difficult choices to make, diplomacy, etc) and less to unlock.The game's a lot shorter, too, in that there are less missions per game. I felt like I was maybe half way through when I killed the final boss, and as it fell, I wondered aloud what the second, nastier form might look like. Nope! No second form, no nasty tricks, just a tough enemy which fell.When people complained certain strats were mandatory, the devs nerfed those without doing anything to significantly raise the bar for other strategies.Aaaaaaand now there are two DLC packs that add more characters to play as - characters that I'd much rather have seen be unlockable, rather than bought. If anything should be DLC, it should be a double-length campaign that unlocks new characters."
,Recommended,327670,16573261,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Lowen,"This game is somewhat similar to FTL in that you decide what system on the enemy ironcast to shoot while managing your resource needs between weapons, shields, drives, and repairs. A match 3 game keeps you resupplied during the battle and supplies the game with additional randomness for you to deal with since you'll need to make hard choices about how to clear the board in order to get the resources you need, when you need them. It's turn based, so you have as long as you need to make decisions.Between battles you also need to decide what blueprints to build and upgrades to take, and similar to jumping to another system in FTL you have a choice of 3 battles each time before the countdown ends and you do the final boss battle.I also enjoy the artwork and animation in combat, especially smashed ironcasts.Overall I've had a lot of fun during the first six hours I played, though I only managed to get to the final boss once. I expect I'll be playing some more."
76561198021222881,Not Recommended,327670,16674340,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Arcomage,"An interesting game, combining match-3 style gameplay with roguelike progression and permadeath as well as a rather enjoyable steampunk aesthetic. Unfortunately, it's kind of marred by excessive randomness. Seriously. Someone should have told the devs that the CPU only needs to get lucky once, whereas the player needs to get lucky all the time. As is, most of the game's replayability comes from the fact that it's an utter crapshoot whether or not you get to achieve anything in a given playthrough."
,Recommended,327670,16544545,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Dopefisher Butternotch,"Got this game on Steam Summer Sale. I am a big fan of Puzzle Quest games, and I also love roguelike games. This game hits the spot on both."
,Recommended,327670,16522805,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,The Mi-Go 13,"Takes the familiar match 3 mechanic and uses it to drive a tactical and tense rpg with rogue-like trappings. Although it looks like a casual-style game, and is just as accessible, it is much more than that.If you fail a mission, there is no redo. You move on, damaged, with that quest failed for the rest of the campaign. Choosing one mission precludes you choosing the other two available missions for the rest of the campaign which makes replayablility high. And you WILL replay it, as at some point, your Ironcast with get crushed in battle and you will start again. However, this time, you will have a few upgrades available to all of your ironclads becuase of the progress that you made in previous campaigns.Add in the unlockable abilities, new pilots, new ironclads, leveling up, and random loot drops with differing rarities and you have a real mission-based, loot-driven RPG experience. Overall, it is a very fun game that will fool you into thinking that it's just a casual match 3 game until the ordinance starts flying, your systems are going off-line and you can't match enough coolant to use what systems you have left.If you like rogue-likes, try this jaunt down a side trail and see what you think. If you like match 3 games, use the skills that you've learned playing them to step up to the next tier in difficulty. It's a beautiful piece of playable art.Overall, a very enjoyable and mostly unique experience.M13"
76561197996051698,Recommended,327670,19725975,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Biggus Dickus,"What does it take to make a game that is truly profitable these days? I know, I know... there are many, many good games on Steam and the Indie market is quite saturated. However, it saddens me to see this game with less than 500 user reviews. It deserves more attention, not a profound amount more, but definitely more.IroncastSo what is Ironcast? Well its a cool blend of match 3 (or more) gameplay mixed with turn based strategy gameplay. It has rogue-like elements with random system (loot) drops and random perk progression as well as an overall progression which slowly increases your stats for each proceeding play through. It has one hell of a cool aesthetic, which is victorian era Steampunk set in London. You're one of the last surviving Ironcast commanders for England as France has declared war on your nation, and it's your job to protect against the invaders. With multiple characters and Ironcasts to choose from, each playthrough can be rather unique. A playthrough could lead down a walking tank path, with your Ironcast having huge health and dolling out massive damage. Or it could be an evasive, speedy Ironcast that can pump out lots of rounds but is susceptible to direct hits. Each play through can be quite different with all the starting options and random nature of the beast.ProsThe pros for this $15 game far outweigh the cons. The setting is awesome, especially if you like Steampunk, and the art style is superb, it fits the game and gameplay like a glove. Each play through has the potential to be entirely different and has fairly good variety in the missions. The game is absolutely challenging, but this is also somewhat of a negative that I will discuss more in the Cons. The progression system is solid and gives rewards consistently. The combat and puzzle elements are addicting and very, very fun. And lastly, the animation quality and visual effects are just a joy to watch. I'm sure i've missed some things, but those are the biggest pros.- $15 Rogue-like with high replayability- Excellent and authentic London Steampunk setting and aesthetic- Solid progression system with good variety- Really, really addictive and fun gameplay- Easy to pick up but diffictult to master strategy systems- Unflinchingly challenging- Excellent sound effects and sound design- Great animation quality and visual fidelity- Solid customization systemConsSome of the cons are a bit nit picky, but there are definitely some things that need mentioning. The story is lackluster, but it really isn't what's going to keep you playing a game like this anyway. The mission variety is there, it has decent variety, but some of the mission types seem lopsided against you in a bad way. Also, some of the mission types I found myself ignoring every chance I had, other mission types I chose nearly every time. This could have been better. I would have liked to have had a larger roster of characters and Ironcasts, but this could just be because I absolutely love their designs and just want to see more. Finally, the games difficulty. The game can be downright brutal at times. Just when you feel you're putting together a good run, you could end up with a terrible roll of the dice and lose everything. A lot of the frustration can be chalked up to the random nature of rogue-likes, but it was a serious hurdle for me. Even on a normal difficulty mission I'd sometimes be just blindsided by a terrible turn of events and lose my Ironcast, and death is permanent.At one point, I was ready to quit playing the game out of frustration. Though the very next game I beat Durant and made it all the way to the Interloper... so maybe I was just being a baby :) ... I died with the Interloper at only 1900 hp.... SO CLOSE! ... i'll get you next time, you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!- Throw away story- Mixed bag of mission variety- Random nature rogue-like can cause frustration- Difficulty had me boiling at one point- Would have been nice to have more character and Ironcast varietyOverallOverall, this game is absolutely worth $15. I got it on sale, and I kind of wish I didn't because I feel these developers deserve more support. I'm almost certainly going to pick up the DLC at some point soon because the game has its hooks in me. It has a few down sides and it can frustrating as all hell, but when this game shines, it shines like the sun. Rarely do you see the Steampunk aesthetic and it's always awesome when you do. This game has it in spades and does it flawlessly.Ironcast is a really, really fun and addictive rogue-like turn-based strategy game that deserves more attention than it's gotten. It's a pretty damn unique mix of genres and is absolutely beautiful to look at and play. If that isn't enough for you to buy it, then pick it up during a good sale and just give it a chance. I truly believe most who play this game, even if you aren't interested in Steampunk, will enjoy what they get. And if you're a fan of tanks like I am, just imagine your own personal, walking, victorian era tank... it gets me giddy every time :)9/10"
76561197993328566,Not Recommended,327670,15197056,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Not The Mama,A grind to no where.  You're at the mercy of RNG.  No skill required.
76561197970798998,Recommended,327670,15157437,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Groovis (May also be Zaanbie),"I normally don't like steampunk:  I find the genre overly pretentious (which may actually be the point, I suppose).  But I do love me some giant robots, and you can't deny the addictive simplicity of a match three puzzler.  Add in the strategy of resource management and chance, rogue-like elements of permadeath, random missions, and gear drops, and you have an intriguing game experience.  Ironcast is certainly more than the sum of its parts.I may not have a lot of time in on it yet (I am bad at it, and only play in short stints), but I have not enjoyed a match three as much as this in quite a long time."
76561198035179308,Recommended,327670,23508952,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,justplay,"At first I gave it No, but after a few weeks I changed it back to Yes. The problems are still there in the game, I just changed my bar of good games because of other worse games......And now the game is at much cheaper price!!! So I'm fully recommending you to buy it now before the summer sale ends!This game has its value, I definitely played it for quite a few hours. But after this much time of play, I think it does not worth $15 (not sure if I remember it excatly, but around it). I don't know why steam said I got it free, I definitely payed for it. The three major problems are listed below:First you are a solider fighting for the Great Britain with your own life, but you have to pay the repair fee after each battle (and quite expensive) and buy the loot from the country! No wonder the Britain falls......This setting is just ridiculous...Too much RNG in the game and your skill could not do much about it. Take one small example, in a game, I have maximized my dodge to 51% the entire time, but the enemy did not miss any of his 5 shots in the entire game and I died! In other similar games like XCOM, you can balance the impact of RNG by a team of soldiers instead of only one, so others can make up for someone's unlucky miss. However, here you are always 1 vs. 1, and many late game enemies can kill you with a few lucky shots. Another thing too random is the loot: blueprints, gears and upgrades are also absolutely random, so you have to play with what you can get with a very limited amount of money and there is no easy way (near impossible) to develop your own play style.The game is incomplete in my opinion. The trade and shop system is near none. Yo could not sell what you get, and you can do benefit nothing with the old talents/gears. By the way, since you don't know which kind of enemy you are going to encounter, like high dmg single shot weapon, high dodge or high shield, you could not choose your talent/gears to encounter them. And many skills can only be used once in most fights. So what you can do is to pray to get some awesome upgrades at the very beginning of the game so you won't waste your upgrade to replace it in the later game. Also, the game is too short."
76561198008582160,Recommended,327670,15068508,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,TheMetalfreak360,"Very good game, and very hard, do not expect a easy fight, even the ""easier"" missions can wreck you.And the best part, when I thought the game was done, it had more content, which suprised me alot to this price, the game seems well worth the money. I am loving atm, have some good British humour."
76561197970683990,Recommended,327670,16454322,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Dorque,"The art and the systems and the game are all really good.  It's just way too easy.  You can beat a Medium mission with your eyes closed.  Let what the AI is doing be more transparent (show its bars and say how fast they grow - targeted damage then hurts that color mana).  And why would I ever pick any system to target other than defense?  And why don't energy weapons use orange for ammo?  Still totally fun, just not the Best Game Ever."
76561198008345873,Recommended,327670,24229948,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,sourface,"An interesting take on the Match-3 game, Ironcast features an underlying strategic element with roguelite features allowing the player to customize in various areas, after ""fighting"" matches in a turn-based setting. The artwork and writing is excellent and deserves praise in defining the Victorian-esque Streampunk setting.Easily recommended to fans of both PopCap's Bejeweled and FTL: Faster Than Light. Which is a very, very unique thing to end a review on."
76561197979875574,Recommended,327670,24295395,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Fantoche Dreemurr,"Extremely addictive and original puzzle game.  The setting is very cool and the dialogs well written, making you invested in the terrible war going on.  Plus... who doesn't love giant mechs and Steampunk England?"
76561198044852460,Recommended,327670,15141727,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Insomnigamer Luke,"Steampunk dreadnaughts fighting in victorian Britain. Need I say more?Mechanically, this game is well made. While the match three system can look complex from the outside, strategy is required for success.Would highly recommend for anyone wanting a casual game to play."
76561197983640890,Not Recommended,327670,15133225,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,kmonsen,"It is a pretty good game, but it is very very short. I'm not really quick to finish games, and this took me less than 5 hours.The comparison to puzzle quest that almost lasted forever is not very good."
76561198125254167,Not Recommended,327670,15164246,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,lummisam,"It seemed like a decent game, but then it deleted all my progress.  It's a standard puzzle tile match type game with a story, bachground art, and a cool steamrobot theme.  One of the worst bugs for any game though is deleting player progress."
76561198038555736,Not Recommended,327670,15124558,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Vaedoc,"Five houres in I still wonder what kind of tactical finesse there is suposed to be. Except for drawing out fights to the turnlimit, wich is just terrible game-design"
,Not Recommended,327670,15107751,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Frosty,"While the game itself is fun, the artificial difficulty curve built into the computer's AI somewhat ruins the experience at higher difficulty. More difficult levels are conspicuously absent of specific resources most of the time, and the AI somehow manages to accomplish five or six actions per turn on a regular basis. As it stands, this game should only be picked up by the die-hardiest of 'roguelike' fans, since cheaty AI does not make for a fun casual experience.Addendum: The game itself is actually quite short and the whole point of the game's 'global level' mechanic seems to be an easy shortcut to extend the game's play time."
76561198007465328,Not Recommended,327670,15108323,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,james.h.s.brown,"The game is fun and I enjoyed it, however at this price point the game is just far too short, I completed it on my 2nd runthrough which for a rogue like game is pretty rubbish and meta progression hasn't really incentivised me to play again.  I wouldn't recommend unless under £5."
,Recommended,327670,15151175,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,「Soma」,Oh man where to begin...It's like... Bejeweled went to an orgy with a bunch of steampunk games and doesn't know who the father is.Good storylineGood gameplayGood replayabiltyGood artGood music10/10 Would buy for 11 people again
76561198010989890,Not Recommended,327670,16505653,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,wuod-gaoko,"It's like rolling a dice, but with better graphics."
76561197992229015,Not Recommended,327670,26876547,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dire,"Fun...for like 2 hours. Sadly no longevity whatsoever once you've beaten it, which is as much a matter of luck as it is skill. Actual gameplay isn't bad, like I said, it's fun, but also heavily RNG-based at times.It's not a bad game, just way too expensive for what is included and how it is presented. There's nothing fancy about it that would require huge resources to build it. Just 2D animations and a bit of text.What's really the kicker, however, is that they have released 2 DLC packs, which introduce a new mech and a new commander each...for the whopping cost of 4 dollars each! All that while the game still has bugs and could DESPERATELY use some real updates. Why continue playing after you've beaten it? There's nothing more to explore or get. You can level up, yay, but it doesn't serve a purpose anymore since every run is pretty much the same anyway. You fight the same battles and opponents if you so choose. Comparatively little variation."
76561197973051663,Not Recommended,327670,27033958,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Popcorn Colonel,A potentially fun and relaxing game that is ruined by the overly restrictive turn limits.  I've no interest in trying to figure out the exact combination of choice and luck which results in a win within some silly arbitrary time limit.  Refunding.
76561198348826816,Not Recommended,327670,31757757,Posted: 14 May,all,Robin_L_Fox,Do you like the entire outcome of whether you win or lose being through random chance and not skill? No? Then don't get this game
76561198046107884,Recommended,327670,23597449,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Mishrail,"I have played this game a ton, and I like it. I didn't know there was another boss after the first, so that was a surprise. If you like puzzle games, and high replayability, do it!"
,Recommended,327670,16411011,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,[JSSG] Vadronus Prime,"Simple enough to get into easily, but with enough depth to keep ya hooked. So much more then what I expected from a game like this. The game drips it's awesome theme and the gameplay has led to many moments of glory akin to FTL.The only downside is that I can't find any decent artwork of the Ironcasts outside of the game :P(besides the artwork in the Steam backgrounds)"
,Not Recommended,327670,15206511,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,realnaste,"Can't say I can recomend the game for the full price, mostly due to the lenght.Managed to blaze through in probably less than 4 hours (I believe it took around 5 tries? I can't be sure as I wasn't counting).Only If you can get it for less than 5 bucks and just love match-3 games would I consider it worth of a recomendation.The unlocks like one ramaining pilot just don't seem interesting enough for me to play just for the sake of unlocking.It's not a bad game overall though. Just not worth what the developers ask for it in my opinion."
76561197984322112,Not Recommended,327670,15245139,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,[TLGS] Mario-x,"If you like match-3 type games, you will get enjoyment out of this game. You can have bad luck and get dominated, or have good luck and dominate the enemy. While some complain about that, having to start over is not a big deal since the exp you get is saved into a global level.Was not much to hold my attention after beating the game a couple of times, and became a bit of a drag to get that last achievement.While I give the game a thumbs down, it is not a bad game and match-3 isn't my type of game."
76561198045009121,Not Recommended,327670,22686655,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Oberon Feyarch,"Very bad game.Too random (not only match-3 but entire gameplay) and far too unpredictable. No long term strategy can be developed. Basically game is: play-die-unlock something-play-die-unlock-kill boss (if You are lucky to get right weapons and skills)-repeat.Pros:+nice graphic+steampunk mechs are fantasticCons:-too random-unpredictable-permanent death-few enemiesI am strongly do not recomend this game (still miss my 12,99)"
,Recommended,327670,15066480,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Endothlyne,"I love it when you get little surprise games like this. I like puzzle quest type games, I like steam punk themes, I like mechs and I like Jules Verne type fantasy settings. Ironcast has managed to add all these various favourites of mine into a imaginative re-creation of the puzzle quest game. It has RPG and rogue type elements along with an alternative historical background. The artwork is sharp, neat and comes over as very Victorian steam punky. If you ever watched that film called the league of extraordinary gentlemen it kind of reminded me of that historical setting where the industrial revolution  meets fantasy. Its nice to see the lead characters being women as well (and posh ones at that lol).After a few games you pick up the mechanics fairly easily. Mastering the game however is a different matter. The puzzle quest part of the game blends in brilliantly as a means of controlling your ironcast. The fights are animated as each ironcast walks, fires and powers up shields. Your character even levels up with enough experience so you can add various perks. Collecting blueprints and scraps from your victories will also enable you to upgrade your ironcast giving multiple options to how you develop it. The sounds and music accompany the game perfectly.Very generous for them to give us 30% off on its release as I think its well worth the initial price. Well done dreadbit."
76561198034655270,Recommended,327670,15980325,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,grimgrin4488,Fun casual turn based game.
,Recommended,327670,15836884,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,HowDoUAim,"Once I watched TotalBiscuit's ""WTF is... Ironcast?"", I immediately bought this game.  Fans of Puzzle Quest will feel somewhat familiar with the gameplay already, which has a mix of puzzle-RPG fights and roguelite.  It's a matching-to-fight game, except unlike Puzzle Quest, you aren't moving pieces to create rows of 3+.  Instead, you are using your mouse to typically connect the longest consecutive line/grouping of tiles.The games are fairly short, involving you picking from 3 missions at a time, leveling and building up your pilot and ironcast to eventually fight a final boss that is slowly making his way to your base.  The first time you meet him, you will be really excited that you made it that far, then you will probably be brutally destroyed.  But as you continue to play the game, you will gain exp to raise your Global Level.  As your Global Level rises, you will unlock things like new ironcasts, new pilots, and permanent stat boosts or bonuses every time you level in-game.  As you can imagine, this makes the game slightly easier with every playthrough, encouraging many of them to complete your adventure.The battles are also pretty involving.  You have many types of tiles to collect: ammo to shoot, power to raise your shields, speed so your ironcast has a chance to entirely dodge attacks, and repairs to repair weapons, legs, and shields that will get damaged by enemy fire.  You take turns making moves on unique boards (you play off your board, and the opponent has it's own), which is good in knowing you can set up moves and not have them stolen by your enemy.  The enemy also plays fair most of the time, so you don't feel cheated by the fact that he has a separate board that you cannot see.TL;DR  Great puzzle-fighting game.  One of the rare games I've paid full price for, but even more impressive is that I do not regret it one bit.  It will keep you entertained for hours, provided this type of game sounds fun to you."
76561198048955203,Recommended,327670,16125099,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,litre,"I love the game, but I wish it had more content. 20 missions, 2 bosses is all you get, beyond that there is a global unlock process, which unlocks new buffs and augmentation, but nothing dramatically different from what you already had (though it is enjoyable nonetheless). But once you've made it though 20 missions and 2 bosses, I don't see any goals for myself, and although I really enjoy the game mechanics and the process, it would be great to have more chapters with increasing difficulty, or just another difficulty level in the game. And also parts with more rarity (epic, unique).That said, I do recommend the game, it is lovely."
,Recommended,327670,16233430,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,[BSG] AvengerX,"Puzzle Quest + FTL + Victorian Steampunk MechsIf that's not enough to get you interested, I really don't know what will.TLDR:It's a fun puzzle combat game with a lot in common with Puzzle Quest, some small nods to FTL and other roguelikes, and Victorial Steampunk mechs called Ironcasts.  It's well put together with lots of intersting strategic decisions in and out of combat, and an outer loop with a decent amount of interesting content to unlock.  The campaign structure is very roguelike.  Expect to die early and often until you get the hang of the game, and then still expect to die pretty often :).If you like roguelikes, puzzle combat games, mechs, and or steampunk, it's very likely you'll find something to like here.  If you like most or all of those things, just press the little 'Add to Cart' button right now.  The game is a hidden gem, and the developers deserve the original $15 and certianly whatever sale price it has now. :)For (a lot) more details, keep on reading...DETALS:The game is most similar to Puzzle Quest with a few minor nods to FTL.  You collect tiles on the board by playing a ""drag-3"" style game where you drag over connected tiles of the same type with are a few special tiles that do different things within that system.  You use the collected resources to power your weapons and defenses and repair your systems during the fight.  As such, it's a little less random than FTL feels like it is, but it still has the inherent randomness of a match-3 style game, and just not being able to get the tiles you need.The gameplay itself is relatively straightforward.  There are four primary tile types: ammo, energy, coolant, and repair.  Ammo is used to fire your weapons, energy is used to power your defenses, coolant is needed for weapons and defenses, and repair is used to repair subsystems.  You get to make three drag matches every turn, and then the opponent gets a turn.  The opponent doesn't play on the same board as you (a la Puzzle Quest) but seems to be playing by a similar set of rules.  Unlike Puzzle Quest, during your turn you can use as many of your abilities as you want, as long as you can afford the resource costs.  You and your opponent take turns firing weapons at each other and powering up defenses until one of you runs out of health or you run out of turns (I think every mission has a turn limit).Firing a weapon requires a set amount of ammo and (optionally) coolant.  If you don't have enough coolant, your engine overheats causing damage to your mech (called an Ironcast).  It's a cool, thematic idea that you can choose to take the damage and hopefully land that shot that saves your life.  Defenses like shields and engines work the same way except with energy in place of ammo.  Shields reduce all incoming damage by a fixed amount while engines give a percent chance to dodge a shot entirely.  This creates a nice straightforward balance between weapons that have a low number of shots but do high damage (read: good against shields) vs. weapons that have a high number of shots that do low damage (read: good against engines).  Activating a shield or engine increases the active level of that system by one, up to a max of three.  Each turn, it falls by one, so you need to keep pulling in energy resources to keep those systems going.  Finally, repair works a little differently.  Basically spending 5 repair resources allows you to repair any subsystem a bit.  During combat, you and your enemy can target each other's individual weapons, engines, and shields to disable those systems.  Disabled weapons can't be fired, disabled shields and engines immediately fall to zero activity (no defense) and cannot be turned back on until repaired.In addition to you equipment, you will have access to a set of active abilities that you can use.  Some of these you've seen in similar games (e.g., change one tile type to another type), others are specifically related to combat in this game (e.g., fire a salvo of missiles that hit random subsystems for a small amount of damage).  These abilities have no resource cost, but have a cooldown before they can be used again.  The first ability is tied to the ironcast you are using, but the others are acquired during the campaign as you level up.Completing missions rewards you with scrap and blueprints, which you use between missions to upgrade your ironcast.  Scrap is the game's currency.  It is used to repair your ironcast between battles and to turn blueprints you find into parts you can actually use.  Blueprints are effectively random loot drops that you get from completeing missions with the added requirement that you need to pay scrap in order to actually use them.  Finally, scrap can be used to upgrade some basic core statistics of your ironcast like its health or the maximum amount of the different resources it can hold.After playing the game for a bit, I began to see that scrap is actually a very limited resource, and since there is no way to get back scrap from previous purchases you need to think very carefully about when to spend scrap and on what.  Do you really need to spend 800 scrap on that weapon that is a little better than your current one, or hold out for something better?  Is it really worth 1000 scrap to be able to hold only 1 more ammo?  Should I get that fancy new upgrade and go into this battle only partially repaired or work with the equipment I've got?  Similiar to the scrap resource in FTL, there are A LOT of options around what to do with it, and figuring out how to handle those options feels like a big part of succeeding at the game.Speaking of FTL, the outer loop and general campaign flow are probably where FTL and Ironcast are the most similar.  Each campaign (I think there's more than one? I don't really know because I haven't been able to beat the first one) features a series of ""days"" leading up to final encounter against a boss (similar to FTL's flagship).  Each day you can pick from one of three missions with slightly different rewards, difficulty, and specific challenges.  The mission designs are interesting, though they all revolve around the same combat system.  In some missions, you are just tasked with destroying a certain number of enemies (usually just).  In others, you have to survive for a set number of turns against a significantly stronger enemy.  In still others, you need to collect special tiles off the board.  The mission variety isn't anything dramatic, but the slight modifications are interesting (and SHOULD affect your strategy).The campaign also has a perma-death system similiar to FTL and other roguelikes.  If you are destroyed during a mission that's game over and you need to start over.  To remove a little bit of the sting, the experience you earned during the game contributes to a global experience level that unlocks new starting pilots and ironcasts as well as some general stat buffs like more health everytime you level up during a campaign.  Also similar to FTL and other roguelikes, the game offers pretty stiff difficulty especially if you try to take on the ""challenging"" missions.  Expect to die a lot.  In my four campaigns to this point I died twice on day 2 (out of 9), once on day 5, and once I got to the boss just long enough to watch my ironcast get annihilated.  If you aren't a fan of the roguelike style, this game may similarly irk you.I think that's the most important stuff.  I'm sure there are things I missed, but I guess I am really excited about the game and I didn't realize steam reviews have a character limit.  Anyway, it's great, go buy it! :)"
,Recommended,327670,16128649,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,bobz,Great blend of puzzle and strategy with a cool steampunk theme. Very addictive.
76561198104281963,Recommended,327670,15119391,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Tohka,"Very enjoyable game mixing puzzles with combat however missions are a little too difficult at times, and when you recieve a game over you cannot restart your game with the equipment you've unlocked already which makes you replay the levels all over again. Also at times I reach day 10 (boss battle) and still do not have guns or systems strong enough. Another thing is the boss herself is overpowered even after I got heaps of battle assets it still was not enough. Some creative ideas would be when a part is destroyed for you or enemies you should be able to repair but not use that part in the same turn make it more important to maintain your parts and both you and your enemy should have to charge weapons because it seems you are punished for having the first turn, other than that the game is very enjoyable however It will begin to grow stale for some players when they are forced to replay so often. (Fully aware that this is still early in release so I am anxious to see what the updates will bring.) Also another nice thing would be to put in buying parts for the mech (cosmetic) to make it really unique."
76561198018264570,Not Recommended,327670,30311979,Posted: 4 March,all,pweelg,Firstly i would have preferred to be able to give this a neutral rating rather than negative but as it has to be one or the other i' afraid its more frustrating than anything else so negative it is.As others have mentioned its a match 3 game where sometimes its impossible to match the 3 you require. You always have a turn limit in place and frequently its impossable to reach the turn limit just purely because you can not make the matches because the game doesn't spawn enough of the resource you need to make the match.Fundamentally there is a good game hidden here but as it is at the moment its just too frustrating. Haviing the ability to restart in a different mech and different commander is a nice touch but soon becomes old as it results in you replaying the first scenarios over and over again without much hope of defeating the first boss.Hopefully the devs will address some of these issues in an upcoming patch.
76561197993500303,Not Recommended,327670,26359078,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Gorebane,"No character customisation, and not particularly enjoyable gameplay. Very limited in terms of options, it feels like a mobile app."
,Not Recommended,327670,26549605,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,HS2020,Game was tough enough before the patch made it harder.  Now it's just repetitve and frustrating.
,Recommended,327670,15959098,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Avoider,"If you're into match-three puzzles and turn-based games, then this game has you covered. The steampunk theme and role-playing elements don't hurt it either, and the soundtrack is awesome as well.Click here for a more detailed review."
76561198027614212,Recommended,327670,17008700,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,milliganka,"LOVE This game, played 53 hrs of it already, and only beat it once, i hope there are more than 3 unlockable ironcast, but even if there isnt this game ROCKS!!!   if the developers made some DLC for it or a sequel i would buy it in a heartbeat!!Definatly reccomended, its a Must Have, must Play!!"
76561198049739799,Recommended,327670,15071164,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Morhgoz,"Very fun and addictive game with cool steampunk mechs and excelent puzzle resource feature. When I first looked it in Steam -store, I did thing that this is garbage that tries to ride-off on current steampunk mania, but then I did accidently open it's store page and wathed video and was sold instantly! And before I did notice, I spend 4 ours to played... Can't actually find nothing negative to say about it.So if you are long time steampunk fan like me and like puzzles and stuff, I recommend this game! If not, I recommend it anyway!"
,Recommended,327670,15069250,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Karnage,"Roguelike, turn based RPG with ""match 3"" for resources. Fun as ♥♥♥♥.SFG is gay"
76561197970828689,Recommended,327670,15066432,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,ShoHashi,Very cool match 3-style game with RPG elements to make the game interesting.  These elements are what will keep you coming back to the game.
,Recommended,327670,15066909,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,UncertainZero,"As someone who doesn't really like match-3 type of games, I've found this one really enjoyable. There's a lot of strategy around when and how to collect your resources that just doesn't exist in other games of this type. Overall it's a lot of fun, the rogue-lite elements really work here and it's all brought together with a wonderful steam-punk theme."
76561198021938442,Recommended,327670,15064392,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Valk,"Not really my type of a game, but I really enjoyed it and would definitely play again. Good ammount of skill, RNG and art style is remarkble. Totally worth it."
,Recommended,327670,15064696,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,ifandbut,"Addicting ""match 3"" (I prefer to call it ""chain 3+"") gameplay simular to Puzzle Craft on the iOS. But that is just the start. You have to mannage your 4 resources, special abilities, and determining which enemy sub-system to target (2 weapons, shields, mobility drive).There is alot of mech customization between matches as well. You get a choice of 3 random abilities to pick from as you level up. You can equip a total of 4 ""global passives"", 3 active abilities, and one passive augment for you 2 weapons, shields, and mobility.I beat the campagin in about 3hrs on my first try. It felt a bit short, but replayability looks high. You get ""global experience"" every game you play which provides more unlocks (mechs and pilots) and passive bonuses (like more HP when you level up).tl;dr Fun all in all, but a bit shorter then I would have liked."
76561198017230432,Recommended,327670,15070985,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,OU_YSJL,"Victorian-era Steampunk FTL, this sole idea + TB's fun stream got me enough to pay 10 bucks for an indie game, which usually never happens. And as much as I expected, it was extremely fun! Though I beat the last boss in my second try with some good strategy from experience with other roguelikes and some good RNG, still totally worth the money I paid.There are some problems here and there, and especially lack of content currently is an issue, but I hope these will hopefully be solved through patches and potential DLCs. Overall 9/10.P.S.:repair->energy + coolant refill combo need to be nerfedlooks like there is a spawn algorithm which prevents coolants from spawning early on (which makes sense)but this allows the combo above to1. get max shield + movement2. tons of ammos on the field3. Allows user to fire at least 5 times or more the next turn.4. And thousands of overdrive in late game due to 10+ combos.I really advise nerfing the coolant refill ability."
76561198002172050,Recommended,327670,15076932,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,ElectroD,"Ok, this is my first contact with a match3 type rpg. And it's freeking great. Awesome, but in a small package.You almost never can go wrong with a recommendation  from TotalBiscuit.The rpg sistem is nice, the randomness of blueprint/weapon drops is a bit of a gamble, as you may have to battle inscreasingly stronger enemies with subpar equipment, but the staisfaction of it is imense. I have to work alot, but still managed to put in a few hours and finish the game 2 times.I expect a sequel to the story, as it is pretty interesting and well written.This game just does steampunk right !(also, it has similarities with FTL, but  it is not as unforgiving. It's a steal for just 9 e)"
,Recommended,327670,15066784,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,PratzStrike,"I watched Total Biscuit's first hands-on with this game on Twitch on Wednesday, March 25, 2015, and decided I wanted to try it myself. I figured I'd do a round or two here and there and it'd be enjoyable. I picked it up this morning, and 3 hours later I could not put it down. It was absolutely riveting, and after picking up a few really amazingly lucky items for a great start I have defeated The Interloper, and I'm completely thrilled. I want to go back and keep playing it - I know I got lucky with my opening. There are still other Ironcasts and other pilots to play with. The tale is not done!"
76561197986964932,Recommended,327670,15073545,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Bad Alchemy,"25 mins in, long enough to go through the tutorial section. Really enjoyed what I see with this game. I thought at first the canda saga/columns esk mini game would put me off but it dosent at all.You have Ammo, Power, Coolant and Repair guages powered by linking the icons/gems in the middle. You can collect icons three times per turn, refilling your guages and then use abilities such as firing a weapon, repairing, moving to increase dodge and shields to help tank hits. Its tactical, you can aim for specific parts of the enemy steam walkers (Ironcast) and so the gameplay that is turn based and nicely rendered is engaging. The whole very british victorian era setting and dialogue is great.To keep it interesting you can collect scrap and get upgrades for your Ironcast, gain special abilities etc and so you dont really feel you are playing columns but a full blown game. Would work well on a large tablet but definetly a go to game when you have 20 mins spare (length of a battle)."
76561198018435795,Recommended,327670,15078211,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Hello Oblivion,"Fun little game, but rather short. Get it when it is on sale.The weapon and mission variaty feels a little bit on the short end. Unlike other games in it's genre i do not really feel compelled to continue past the credit screen. If they added maybe twice to three times the amount of bosses i could whole heartedly recommend it."
,Recommended,327670,15071176,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Bot Tobi,"Good game, lots of fun. Hopefully in the future they add a few more mechs and characters."
,Recommended,327670,15129470,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,"—{ E5 }— Sergeant ""Brisket""",>2 battles before the interloper were left>kills enemy>game cycle freezes (it doesn't crash but can't finnish battle)>had to delete everything and start over>this game brought more feels then the holocaust9/10
76561198022418529,Recommended,327670,22578009,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,paynetcu,
,Recommended,327670,22613819,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,aVe,"It's a given that in the Rogue genre, almost everything is random and your endgame comes from unforgiving mistakes at first and bad luck at last. Ironcast is no different, and after about 20 games, I was only able to confront the boss once, and died a glorious death ""so close to beat him"".Is there any winning strategy in this game ? I'm not sure. What I've learned so far, is that Defense is key to survival. If you let your guard down, you will suffer. Oh boy, yes you will. So Defense and Energy Upgrade are a must, but be wary of Energy cost, since some Defenses requires 3 Energy et other ones 4 Energy - this might not seem a lot, but when you are 1 Energy short, you pay a big price in Health, that will later transfer in Golden Bars in the workshop - those precious Bars you need to upgrade.What about Weapons ? Whatever your choice, you need one to be used against strong armor and little to no movement (single shot with high damage), and one against fast movement and little to no armor (multiple shots with low damage). Splash damage can be good, as long as you are not in a mission where you have to preserve any component of an enemy Ironcast - just check the splash damage is under the current opponent Defense level.One note about Cooling. It's used for Weapons, Defense and Movement. Even if the initial reserve is fairly high, if you use them a lot, you'll be short soon, and working a machinery without Cooling is like setting yourself ablaze.On my own, I like to play the first character (Defense and Movement bonuses) with the second Ironcast (Energy weapons) and play like a tower (almost no movement). I usually bet on upgrading Energy reserve up to 12, Defense then Weapons (same ones, but better if available) ; and on the abilities offered each time you reach a level : Cooling + Defense + Golden bars bonuses. My only weakness is that at a certain point, my weapons might not be up to the task."
,Not Recommended,327670,20183292,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Crashbee,"There's potential for a good game here, but it's marred by poor design decisions and overreliance on the RNG. It wouldn't be so bad if you had more than one life (no-one thought to equip the ironcasts with ejector seats?), but as it is if the board doesn't generate the right colours then you're forced to start the whole game over no matter what tactics you use. The match three gameplay is also super shallow and unsatisfying and the  pointless arbitrary time limits are frustrating.The game likes generating missions it's objectively impossible for your vehicle to complete - such as not damaging a particular enemy subsystem despite the fact that the ironcasts only come with weapons that damage all systems. The missions where you're asked to negiotiate with someone for resources are also frustrating since the only way to 'win' them is to find out the correct answers by trial and error.Avoid."
,Recommended,327670,17317741,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,PEWPEW MOTHERF#$%ER,"Ironcast isn't just your average ""Match 3"" type of puzzle game. It goes a bit further and makes it into a ""Connect more than 3"". Similar to the Korean/Japanese puzzle game, ""Puzzle and Dragon"", Ironcast takes puzzle gaming into overcharge and adds the RPG and Meta-game contents well. Also, the game challenges players to take choices between defensive and offensive styles of play with ups and downs according to different play styles.However, It is sad that it lacks a bit of contents. The campaign is relatively short. 10 battles + Boss battle. Even though it is quite replayable, the battles become somewhat repetitive as time goes on.Overall, I have enjoyed the game and predict that the total game play time would last me for around 10 hours. Personally I think that $15 for this is kind of pushing it considering the contents within. If it's on sale then it's a definite purchase though!"
,Recommended,327670,22590013,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,[E6G]Gantradies,"as a person new to Match-Free games, ironcast just feels right. its hard to put into words, but the art syle and sound design are what first caught my attention-untill i realised id been palying for 6 hours straight (i also have the PS4 version) XD"
,Not Recommended,327670,30227579,Posted: 27 February,all,kalree,"I really had looked forward to picking this up based on what I'd heard and waited for it to go on sale. Now I wish you could return games after playing more than a few hours, because this is a game that wears thin over time. I really do think this could have been a great game with some more forethought.The main problem is it's too RNG dependent. How well you do on a playthrough depends a lot on whether certain blueprints, particularly rares, drop, as well as getting certain active talents (the ones that collect all of one color from the board in particular, or talents that increase coolant). And while you can grind to smooth out how hard this hits you, the upgrades per level are so miniscule as to be almost laughable.The difficulty curve between matches ramps up ridiculously given how quickly you can accumulate upgrades - and is particularly harsh if you make it past the first boss.Some of these problems could have been mitigated by the addition of a few basic systems - selling items you no longer need, having a store to buy some basic items. The ability to have an option to control costs would be particularly welcome, as that is most of what makes this game difficult (though a combat slider would be an options as well). I'd already decided I don't like roguelikes and this has turned me off of roguelites. I want to be able to play the game the way I want to - I'm not willing to grind forever and repeat the same levels over and over when I could just go play another game that's more satisfying and rewarding or lets me have control over how I can play the game.Also, for a game that makes you play the same parts over and over, you think there'd be an option to automatically skip all text you've seen before. Otherwise I'm just hitting skip skip skip. Cmon developers, why are you pushing the work onto me? That's an easy fix.Also, for a game that's a matching game, there's no competition with the computer. Is it making other matches behind the scenes? There's no way for me to block the computers actions. Also, most matching games have additional rewards for long matches or for matches that result from gems dropping - while I know that the second doesn't work the way they've designed the matching here, I miss both of these systems. The gold standard for this game is migh and magic - clash of heroes, and this just comes up short in comparison.I'll keep out an eye for a sequel that addresses these concerns, otherwise I don't think I'll be buying it."
,Recommended,327670,27321617,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Boissey Blue Blur,"Ironcast is one of my all favourite games of all time really, it’s got everything I could ever need... explosions! A story line (which is quiet good if you take the time to read it) and different mission objectives, so what’s it about? well you pick a mech, go out into the world and destroy anything French :3  mainly those are other Ironcasts or Steamtanks ( trains just not on tracks... I know right?! Awesome) so the French are invading Britain (like that would work ¬¬) to run away from 'something' let’s just say that for now, don’t want to ruin the ending for ya, getting into the game play you have 4 different bars to fill. Ammo, Energy, Coolant, and Repairs.Ammo is what is says on the can, you need it to shoot :P Energy you need to improve or maintain your shields and drive ( movement ) and coolant/repairs are also what they say on the tin.Overall if Ironcast was updated a lot more I think it could be even more better than it already is, but thats just not meant to be *sobs*also all this was for the steam achievement/badge for the review and nominations."
,Recommended,327670,28178248,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,N_Rage,"Interesting fight mechanic and story, permadeath and a short campaign are the main elements of this game.Some battles are very hard to win, losing them means having to start over.Although I enjoyed the game,I wouldn't recommend it at the full price, it's just too little content, compared to other games in this price range.But if it's on sale and you like steampunk things, pick it up.Just make sure you know what you're getting into.Tip: There is a way to save games on the internet, if you get frustrated with the permadeath"
76561198001759247,Not Recommended,327670,15245777,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,FireWhenReady,"This is a game with potential, and it squanders it horribly. At the time of this review, I have put enough hours in to reach Global Rank 30 in the in-game ""Global Progres"" system in place so I feel I have enough time in game to not be blinded by its, admittedly fairly good, first impressions it left on me.Lets start with what I personally like about the game.The setting: The setting is an alternate history version of England in the late 1800s where instead of Steam being the major technological driving force of the universe, a mysterious substance known as Voltite has been discovered in France leading to Giant steampunk style  robots and tanks that the English and French are fighting each other with. This setting is Unique engough that it is a refreshing stand out among other games of this year.The Weapon variety: there are multiple different types of weapons you can equip on your mech, from giant Lazers and tesla guns, to cannons, shotguns, missle launchers and rapid fire machine guns of projectile and energy bolt varieties.Augmentations: The dev has put quite a large amount of various items you can attach to your weapons, shields, drives and even your mech itself, either as an ability you can activate or a constant passive buff.What I am Indefferent about: These either have things that either have both pros and cons, or are just bland enough not to elicit any real response too, either positively or negatively.The Mechs and Pilots: The Ironcasts, a the game calls the mechs, all 4 of them, are nice to look at but don't really do anything to stand out as being dramatically unique enough for a special mention. Each of the 4 have their own unique ability and fit better with certain pilots, who each have their own unique ability themselves.The mission system: There are 10 days till the boss arrives and you get the choice of 3 missions a day until the boss fight. That is a total of 30 possible missions, but only 10 that you can actually play, This happes twice for a maximum of only 20 missions through the whole campaign possible. The missions boil down to a few types; Kill an enemy, collect a certain number of crates in the matching grid, survive so many turns, or kill an enemy without damaging a certain part so you can steal it for yourself. There are a few missions that are basically trading missions for either the in game currency of scrap for War Assets (which basically boil down to damage to the boss before the boss fight starts) or War assets for scrap.The resource system/Matching system: This is the game's main feature, the center part of your screen where the majority of your actions occur. Your Ironcast Mech has 4 resources it needs and can hold, while there are 5 basic nodes/gems/square color types you can collect on the board.  Each mech can hold certain amount of 4 of the base resources, Ammo, Energy, Coolant and Repair. How much Ammo and Energy each mech can hold can vary by mech and 20 Coolant nodes and 10 Repair nodes can held by default by all Ironcasts. The capacity for each base resource can be upgraded on all Ironcasts, but here is where we start to run into problems.  Everything in the game you do in battle requires various amounts of coolant, from charging your shields, firing your weapons, increasing your speed to repairing damaged systems. The other nodes are fairly self explanatory, but if you run out of coolant, you can still do the actions but you will start taking heat damage to your mech and weapons.The Things I dislike: Here is where the game starts to have problems I find very agititating.The node drop rate: Remember how I said there a 5 basic types of Nodes but you only needed 4? Well the 5th is Scrap, the ingame currency you use to repair and upgrade your mech. While it is used for everything outside of battle, in the middle of a fight the scrap nodes can stop you from completing a chain and can force you to waist a collection line clearing them out of the way so you can get the chain you need to save  your life. The Nodes that drop in after you clear a set are determined by a Random Numer Generator system system that does not seem to be working right. In dozens of missions accross many, many campaigns I have seen the board fill with only 3 of the 5 node types and wound up losing the mission and ending the campaign because the nodes I needed refused to drop regardless of how many I cleared. While RNG is expected of a game like this, the lack of certain node type drops occurs often enough consistantly that this appears to be some sort of bug.Augments: While there is a good number of Augments available to the player, the actuall usefullness is largely dependant on how luck the player was in either what componants dropped for him during a mission or what the player is trying to do that run. All augments provide some benifit to be certain, but some are so marginal as to be largely irrelvant. The player gets the choice of 1 out of 3 every time the mech levels up in game and the augments avialbe to pick are random each time the player gets the choice, so luck again plays a factor in a good drop or not.Scrap Earned to Scrap cost of weapons, repairs and upgrades: This is a big one. The scrap earned during the mission is largely determined by how many chains you complete, but is usually behind the cost of the next stage of upgrade available, for example, most initial equipment of mark 1 level costs 750 scrap to purchase but the first mission reward for completion is usually around 600 scrap unless the player deliberately takes as many turns as he can before finishing off their opponant. Sometimes this is easy depending on the opponents weapons and defences, as well as what he collects from his board ( which you do not see  yourself as the player) So if the player is unlucky and the nodes don't drop what he needs and the enemy does, the player takes alot of damage And the enemy usually has weapons that can hurt you no matter what you do for those first missions with starting gear. Damage that is repaired for 100 scrap for 100 hp. So luck then determines if the player can upgrade his mech after anywhere from either 2 to 5 missions, depending on what he is trying to get. This is if the game gives you designs that are better than what you started with as some mechs have base equipment that are better than some mark 2  models.Minor annoyance, the Dev has stated he does not want the game to be too easy and disables the players weapons for the first round of every fight while the enemy can shoot you on round one. This can create problems if the board doesn't spawn enough energy nodes for you to raise your defences enough, and this is also limited by how much energy you can hold in your mech. Wanting your game to be difficult is fine, Unavoidable damage that may be unrecoverable from is not.In short, the biggest problem with the game I have is that player choice is far to often rendered irrelevant by luck. As a player you should feel like your decisions matter but far to often the game says you are going to lose no matter what you choose to do. Player choice should always matter, if not then the player will simply choose to not play at all."
,Not Recommended,327670,15285698,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Moncho,"It's a good game, but too short for it's price.It's an ok buy if you can get it at $5 or so."
,Not Recommended,327670,15348816,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Mr Bubblehead,"Permadeath, no thanks :("
76561197972718105,Not Recommended,327670,15215252,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,pinkGrendel,"Several major issues;-A buggy save (twice has failed to record unlocks/earnings after a mission). Also you can't save in the middle of a matching session (which might be 15-20 minutes long) and if you quit hoping it would just  carry on from the last save it is deliberately deleted on you - this is just lazy programming! What is the logic in not being able to save mid match session?-The end turn doesn't ask for confirmation if there are matches left - which is insane!-To say it is like FTL is a complete lie! FTL had dozens of tactical options, this game is basically the opposite all mechs need to the same shields/drives and guns!Fun, but very limited - plays like a ""Kickstarter"" campaign that thought it was going to do a LOT better, and hence all the content was set aside as stretch goals."
76561198008086801,Not Recommended,327670,15245886,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,3G05,"Game of luck,and I like game of skill.When You need attack they give You repairs and You will loose of course,All the the challenge and difficulty of this game.And don't think about save,You just gona need to repeat over until SKIP button become Your best friend and most useful part of the game."
76561198042597857,Not Recommended,327670,15258409,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Cadbury102,RNG way too powerful in this game.
76561198003511777,Not Recommended,327670,15575025,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,cronusT,The overall content is very shallow. This game gets very repetitive. The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results.
,Not Recommended,327670,15596054,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Lantak #New Knee Joint,"Punishing game which doesn't like you. Power outage, freeze or need to quit quickly will delete your campaign progress. I hope that next time the game will send me a virus and hack my steam account because people will be changing my power panel in my building.Talking to the game, The random thing is not very well balanced. It can be very easy all the way or impossible since the begin.We are far away from FTL and other rogue-like. Faaaaaaaaaar away."
76561198231655324,Recommended,327670,32883626,Posted: 27 June,all,豬仔包 PigSonBow,Ironcast 是一款 roguelite 三消類型遊戲每回合有三次機會收集資源 (彈藥、能量、冷卻、維修、金錢)，並完成各關任務，主要是消滅敵方，撐過若干回合，收集箱子。任務失敗並不會輸掉遊戲，只是得不到關卡獎勵。關卡中間可以用錢來回血，以及買裝備。每次遊戲在輸掉後，所獲得的裝備、技能、強化以及該次遊戲的等級都會消失，但該次遊戲的經驗值會加到 Global 經驗裏，等級提升會解鎖人物、機械人、強化等等。要全成就基本上要四十小時，就是最後要升到40等的成就。我在35級的時候已經可以全破了，後面變成垃圾時間。
76561198024313680,Recommended,327670,15125229,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Kuronekko reverse,"Well I've been having a blast, but I've gotta say that after my last run I had to commend the publishers for getting British Military Intelligence spot on. Got a great run but was killed going after two ""lightly armored scout ironcasts"" that were actually the two tankiest Ironcasts in the game with full assault rigs :SAnyway, great game, would recommend it to anybody that craves that adrenaline rush feeling when you're wondering if it's the end of your run and hoping to pull a rabbit out of the hat. It's not easy on you for certain, but what rogue-like is, so if you get a bit dismayed after the first 2 hours please just keep going, it really gets great once you start to work it all out and get some synergy going with your rig.The aesthetic is amazing as well, so props to the art team there, as well as the games balance feeling spot on, another thing that can be a bit hard to measure in these types of games, so I think that all in all it's a great game that you can either do a huge run(s) on or just pick it up and have a bit of a laugh.10/10 crumpets. With cream. And no, even if you ask me ""please sir, can I have some more?"" they're all mine!"
,Not Recommended,327670,17822171,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Sembiance,"It is a very visually appealing game, great sound effects, music and special effects. Like FTL, it's HARSH. You die and it's game over, start all over again.Sadly, unlike FTL, there just isn't enough control over your destiny due to the match randomized 3 mechanic often giving you TONS of nodes you don't need. In FTL you have full control over combat, moving your crew around, powering systems, etc. But here random luck decides you fate more often than not.It's too bad they couldn't have chosen a more interesting main gameplay than the match-3 variant they have.Ahh well."
76561197990360644,Not Recommended,327670,25870001,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,GAURANGA,"This game is funny, but completely unbalanced...Even having an outstanding layout on 2nd boss and having every system on the boss destroyed - he did just repair and one-shot me while I had 900+HP left and 30-40% of defence up.So you won't receive any profit from becoming more experienced - there is almost nothing to learn in this game. The only way to increase your win chance is to waste many-hours for level up, like in a MMR, and pray for RNG to not to give you useless auguments.Opposite to FTL, for example, where most of your deaths are caused by wrong gameplay decisions.As result - this game is just a funny time-killer, when you have really nothing to do."
,Recommended,327670,35011505,Posted: 16 September,all,[V101] Zach Wilson,"I put this on windowed and play it while I watch youtube or whatever.  That's not a review, it's just what I do."
76561198099434352,Recommended,327670,15166773,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,BustedKarma53,"Love it, love it, love it!Ironcast is a challenging game with deep strategic elements but gameplay mechanics that are easy to learn. That said, it's taken me 19 hours and countless deaths to beat the first boss; but Ironcast is definitely a game that rewards you for playing well. I now have one very awesome mech to be soldiering on with until my next defeat!Very highly recommended, and a gift at the asking price. 10/10"
76561198042526657,Recommended,327670,15216438,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,the_immortal,Great game.
76561198065599008,Not Recommended,327670,34045139,Posted: 5 August,all,Wyald,"If you will enjoy this comes down to can you deal with rng or not. Sometimes you can't fire, raise shields, walk, or get enough coolant to do anything because of what drops. Plus the enemy almost never seems to not get what it needs but is limited to two attacks per turn. Only rarely does the enemy not do much per turn which really just feels like a ""balancing feature"". That doesn't even take into account will any good gear drop, or decent missions types to give you any chance of winning your run. Then the worst for me is the BS evade chance. I can be at 50% or higher without dodging any attacks for an entire battle. Yet the enemy at 10% you can miss 3-4 times in a row fairly regularly. Nothing is consistant whether is missions, evade chance, scrap gain, nodes dropping, or getting decent skills. Now I know thats a lot of complaining and its because its all rng. Skill has almost nothing to do with this game besides some basic pattern recognition. So if you like match 3 and can put up with rng kicking you most of the time until you get that good run its worth a shot."
,Not Recommended,327670,15448029,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Final Excalibur,"An interesting take on a match 3 RPG. Tries to be a psuedo-roguelike, but is far too random to be enjoyable. Battles are punishing and can be satisfying, but it is all too easy to lose to a bad board,Was promising, feels utterly unbalanced."
,Not Recommended,327670,15160547,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Neoseph,I really wanted this to be another Puzzle Quest but it's not. You die alot.... but unlike other puzzle games that just let you try the fight again it's game over and you  have to start all over....... There is a a Global Xp system in place which gives you new stuff to use next time you play but sadly this doesn't help the game enough to make you want to play again for much longer. After alittle while it just gets very repetitive.
,Recommended,327670,15068102,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,MogWire,Infuriatingly addictive. The theme and art style are fantastic and the game plays perfectly. Cannot recommend it enough.
76561198351524168,Not Recommended,327670,28903064,Posted: 1 January,all,ac3shigh,"Where do I begin....The concept is great. Unfortunately, thats where it stops.....The game is highly unbalanced so that you spend more time getting killed than anything. You lose everything you waste your resources on when you die (and you will). As if any of that wasn't good enough, you earn next to nothing in scrap to improve your ironcast, since you spend almost all of it on repairs. The only improvement you get to keep is ""global"" upgrades, which don't do much of anything. You need energy ammo or coolant? The game cheats to make sure you can't get what you need until you're about dead. There really should be time limited trials for these games so that you know what you're getting before you buy it. Had I known it was like this, I wouldn't have spent the money."
76561198015597008,Not Recommended,327670,15454315,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Strigoi1958,cheap and cheerful... too difficult to last long... not in the same league as games like puzzle quest 2valued at £3.79
76561198167667963,Recommended,327670,15882782,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Clemency,"Probably the best and most addictive budget game I've played for years.   Won't be for everyone though.  Has quite strictly enforced perma-death. While it rewards good tactics and attention,  I'd say you could play perfectly and still lose several back to back campaign attempts unless lady luck is on your side.  For the empire!"
,Recommended,327670,20591592,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,kawacatoose,░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░█░█░▄▀░█▀▀░░░▀█▀░█░█░█░█▀▀░█░░░░█░░░█░░░█░█▀▄░░█▀▀░░░░█░░█▀█░█░▀▀█░▀░░░░▀░░░▀▀▀░▀░▀░░▀░▀▀▀░░░░▀░░▀░▀░▀░▀▀▀░▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░░█░░░░████████▄▄█░░░░░██████▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█████░░░░░░░░░███████▀░░░░▀▀██████▀
76561198034375168,Not Recommended,327670,15512915,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,gnulk,"Interesting settings, could had been a better game.History seemed incompleted, gameplay easy and repetitive.Would not recommend 15$ for it, maybe 5$"
76561197986039972,Not Recommended,327670,15177945,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Ryuk,"good game, but way to easy.. finished it on second try"
76561198014497592,Not Recommended,327670,15692843,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,ThreeLineRifle,"The game has great music and decent looking mechs and steamtanks. The backrounds are nice but loop too often. There is a global level system that adds small amounts to the plays after it is unlocked along with the power ups for the mech and systems on board which isnt bad.You make matches of 3 of ammo (purple) coolant (blue) energy (orange) green (repair) and yellow (scrap which is money) to allow you to fire your weapons, walk to increase your evasion, shields to increase survivability, coolant to run things and to repair your systems but not the mech itself. Other things like power nodes increase a used systems effectiveness and the link that allows you to chain more than one color together.The first several goes were fun and came within 200 hp of killing the first boss but haven't been within 2000 hp since then which brings me to the games biggest flaws. The game depends HEAVILY on luck and that caused me to spend most try's dieing before the first boss. Most runs end several days before the boss due to  lack of coolant or energy. Repair and scrap stack up on the board forcing me to prioritize the gather all power up for either over more helpful power ups."
76561198034291138,Recommended,327670,27899499,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,discovery26,Great game with elements of 3x3 puzzle and RPG Steampunk
,Not Recommended,327670,15319031,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Voodoojedizin,"Looks good but smells badThis is not just one opinion my wife also played this game and she is the one that brought up some of the problems mentioned here, so two people noticed the same problems.I spent the first half of my time thinking it was a great game, very different, cool gameing mechanism used well.But then I spent the second half of my time, wondering if the Ai wasn't cheating.It has to be the luckiest Ai in the world.There are some things the developer has done which I do not understand.The Ai always gets the first shot? why?  It shows that it's not random.  And that should be your first clue that something is wrong.You don't get to see what the Ai picks from, that right there should make you suspicious!Why don't we get to play off the same board?  I should get to pick and then it's turn, but everything the Ai does is hidden.The Ai seems to never run out of coolant or power or anything, but you do quite often and sometimes for several turns in a row, but not the Ai.There are other weird things the Ai does or doesn't do in this game.If you just casually play you may not notice until you get frustrated and quit, but if you play for any length of time, you will start to smell something very fishy with this game and its AI."
,Recommended,327670,30496637,Posted: 13 March,all,riotsquad,"I watched Totalbiscuit's WTF is... and also a stream he had recorded of this game and it always looked so intriguing, simple gameplay basics but still with some tactics needed and of course also some luck with the board.I finally bought it and even though I thought I'd like it I like it a whole lot more than I thought I would and I therefore (mostly as a special thanks to the dev's) I also bought the DLC's.There's been some claims it has bits of FTL to it, I couldn't say I've never played it what I do know is that it's a match pieces type of a game but it also has perma-death...so rogue (add your preferred word) it is.The tactics in the game is that you have to choose if you want to defend or go attack or get repair nodes to fix your ""mech"" and also between fights you do level up and you'll have to decide whether to tank up of go for evasive measures or for more damage...It is, strangely enough, quite hard to describe a game that has such a basic gameplay, I'd say, go to Youtube and type in ""WTF is... Ironcast"" as you'll get to hear someone who really likes the game describe it while you also get to see some gameplay.It does look a tad pricey for what you get but there'll be a whole lot of gaming ahead of you, I spent about 2 hours in one round (died the fight before I'd meet the boss) and I know I'll spend a whole lot more time with the game."
76561198000785358,Not Recommended,327670,15079034,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,TheCombatWombat,"I was seriously pumped when I saw this game on my discovery queue. Looked absolutely awesome and, for the first few games, it totally was. The art is nice, the music gets repetitive and the theme is awesome. But after a few more games, I started to realise a few things:1. This game is short. REALLY short. Compared to FTL's 9-ish zones and ~10-ish encounters per zone, you're looking at a total of less than 10 encounters in the whole game! Final boss included!! The whole game can, if you're fairly lucky, be completed in around 1.5-2 hours.2. Continuing on from 1, because the game's so short, much of the character, mech etc. development becomes essentially worthless. In a single game, there's absolutely no possibility of being able to put more than 3/4 upgrades into anything and, unless you want to play with level 1 equipment all game, it's pretty clear which areas are going to get upgrades and which will have to be ignored right from the start. In EVERY game.3. Again, unlike FTL, the number of potential encounters are seriously limited. After 4-5 games, you'll pretty much have seen every encounter that can possibly happen.4. Again, again, unlike FTL, the game seems to be designed to be impossible at the start. It's got a cross-game character development thing going on, meaning that as you play more and more games, you'll start with more HP, better stuff etc. and the balancing seems to be built around this - you'll have to play 10+ games with a 95%+ probability of losing, so that you can collect enough upgrades to have a reasonable shot at the end boss.All in all, I'm fairly disappointed in this game. While I'm still glad I got it, even on a sale price of £7, I think it's significantly overpriced. YMMV.[edit] Two more things I'm starting to really hate:1 - Salvage missions require the collection of an undamaged part. If the enemy overuses his stuff and overheats (dealing damage to his parts) you auto-fail the mission. Hooray for stupid design!2 - Mission timers. Every single mission has a timer (max no of turns). Pull a couple of bad hands, and the mission is completely impossible, regardless of your planning, skill, equipment etc. It's the equivalent of telling a L20 character that they lost a fight with a L1 character because it was going to take them 10 seconds to kill the L1 rather than 8. Complete BS. [/edit]Overall, I'm starting to actively dislike the game, and am now playing only to complete the achievements."
,Recommended,327670,15078023,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,StoreSusan #2Gay4Putin,"Bejeweled, steampunk, mechs, killing frenchmen. 10/10"
,Recommended,327670,15067926,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,SuitedDecadence,Great concept with some pleasing strategy that I am looking forward to continue with on my next free afternoon
,Not Recommended,327670,32977190,Posted: 29 June,all,Deathglow,Love the feel of the game but like most match 3 games completely unfair.  Game ignores its own mechanics every time it takes its turns removing any fun.
,Not Recommended,327670,28708047,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Exarch,"GO: If you love steampunkt, mechs and puzzle games.NO: If pure luck should not be a major factor for your success.I went into Ironcast for the atmosphere and the mechs, and I got what I came for. The dialog is well-written and funny at times, bringing to life 19th century England on a budget. The mechs are well-designed, though with clearly recognizable influences, and the game mechanics have all you expect from the genre.Unfortunately, though, Ironcasts engine is build on luck more than skill or strategy, and so both tactical puzzling and strategic planning are almost impossible to plan. At times, a mission is resolved in two quick turns, while the same setup at other times leads to utter disaster.As such, I enjoyed the few campaigns I played, but found it frustrating to wait for the dice to come out in my favor after a short while."
,Not Recommended,327670,16736143,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Taktisches Hustenbonbon,"Can't recommend it. One round of the game is roughly finished in about half an hour or 45 minutes. If you are in rogue-like games, then play FTL or something. This game is based on luck, because of the ""bejeweled-like game"" that it is based on to get ammo, energy, coolant and repair nodes. Your skill wont help you in this game, if you don't have any luck. Simple fact."
76561197985246666,Recommended,327670,15070559,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Echo,I finished it a few times and I want more.
,Recommended,327670,27693668,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Secret.Joe,"It's like FTL, but with guns and not pewpew laser guns."
76561197987010297,Not Recommended,327670,24589815,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,[-M7-]PrivateChurch,"Would not recommend. Wickedly unbalanced game play, that relies primarily on the RNG.  Thankfully, there are no IAP to purchase save points, powerups, etc. However, one might require that to conquer the game's harrowing and soul besieging gameplay.  This is my only review to date on steam  (i.e., to my recollection).  After the many hours of playing this, I find that I am unable to palate the flawed gameplay, persistently stymied progress and honestly, awful storyline (i.e., having looked up the ending, I must admit... why not just introduce crab people as the villains... that would elicit a similar sense of achievement for small population of people that completed the game within the average human lifespan).Keep an eye for the more games from Dreadbit.  More like Dreadsith.  Damn typos."
,Recommended,327670,15068160,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,ace tugger,This game will tease your tip
,Recommended,327670,15066459,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,zAlibaba a 8599 loupezniku,"f*cking good, all i have to say"
,Not Recommended,327670,28397165,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Arrevax,"Ironcast stands out because of its attractive art style and gameplay concepts, but the actual gameplay itself falls flat once you thoroughly understand the systems at play.This is a rogue-lite, turn-based, match-3 game. You make a few major decisions about your mech upgrades and which missions you take, but the game boils down to RNG. You can make optimal matches all day long and still end up ruined by missing a crucial shot or failing to dodge. This is fair enough; the percentages are displayed openly for you to consider when making combat decisions. The missions involve far less ""player-friendly"" random generation, however. You'll always get certain high-risk options involving unique dialogue on particular turns, with the other missions being generic ones with no story value. You'll also occasionally come across the occasional no-combat mission that is essentially a simple gambling game— you pick your way through a dialogue tree that involves choosing chance-based responses to an NPC that may make or break or current playthrough. Ignoring these missions means skipping out on large quantities of resources (one of which directly affects the difficulty of the final boss) and risking your life in a combat mission.As you play the game (through multiple playthroughs), you'll slowly gain small boosts and new characters and mechs through a secondary leveling system. I can understand making some characters unlockable, as long as all are viable, but some are incredibly strong compared to others. Two (and their mechs) are only available via buying DLC. They all speak the same dialogue during the story; choosing a character is choosing stat bonuses and what portrait you feel like seeing during cutscenes.The stat-padding provided by the secondary level system undermines the game by making it feel like you could never have beaten it without the extra help; shouldn't difficulty scale upwards?Another nitpick issue: there are some ""salvage"" missions that require you to take down enemies without ever damaging a particular part (which you receive after the mission, if you are successful).Weapons boil down to a few specific properties:Shots per attack (multiple attacks help to counter enemies that are relying on dodging)Damage (high damage means quickly taking down specific enemy parts, plus it counters shields)Splash damage (some weapons damage multiple enemy parts at once)Weapons with splash damage are worse than useless during salvage missions; a single attack using one will cause you to fail. This means skipping these missions if you don't have weapons with no splash, relying on one weapon (which tends to bite you in the♥♥♥♥♥if the enemy using a defensive strategy that's strong against that weapon, such as shields versus a low-damage, multi-shot weapon), or using only zero-splash weapons. The default mech's special ability hits random enemy parts when used, so these missions are very risky for players opting to use it.I would give this game a ""maybe"" rating if Steam reviews had that feature. It's entertaining enough at first, but it gets stale quickly.Edit: I forgot to mention that you are not allowed to attack on the first turn, yet your opponent can. This, combined with being forced to pay for repairs to your mech with the same resource you use to buy new parts, is frustrating."
76561198114603951,Not Recommended,327670,24250256,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,jimbobalany12139,The ai cheats...
76561197973472816,Not Recommended,327670,30232314,Posted: 27 February,all,Bludgeon,"I want to give this game a positive review, I do enjoy it and I've sunk a lot of hours into since picking it up but one thing is really killing it for me and thats the ""Charging"" weapons.Basically the player always goes first but you can't attack because your weapons are ""charging"", I guess the idea is to stop you from alpha striking the AI before it gets it's defences ready, it's turn based afterall. in principle thats fine.The problem is the AI itself has no such restriction, on it's first turn it can shoot you as many time as it's ammo will allow. Combine this with the possibility that you might not get the energy or coolant you need to activate your defences and the fact that some weapons later on in the game are powerful enough to bypass them anyway and your left with a game where you can just be nuked and not do nothing about it.A better system would be if who could attack first was based on the mission, or the mechs being used, or the weapons, or pilot level, or anything other than the collasal middle finger to the player that is the AI always shooting first.Like I said I want to give it a possitive review, I'd give it mixed if I could."
76561198006756264,Recommended,327670,27224794,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Edgewalker,It's great
76561197989051249,Not Recommended,327670,15091404,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,DANDOMINO,"The bigger they come...I started to really enjoy this game. But then with no save ability, and incredibly difficult later on levels with the NO SAVE I just mentioned mean its a terrible game and that you will die repeatedly and theres little chance of ever winning the game unless you get all the right upgrades and somehow get enormous amounts of money to squander on your Ironcast suit.Well, when I say terrible...its not terrible at all, its very fun and very addictive and the RPG elements are engrossing and well thought out... but if I have no chance of ever winning the game, if the bonuses for getting far in the game are next to nothing in helping me combat and defeat the game bosses then its not worth it and this is justa big waste of my time.Whats the point in other Ironcast suits when the same result is guaranteed, you will lose a game later on because of some impossible levels because of the opportnities you have had building up your ironcast meant nothing compared to the other much tougher iron cast yuo are up against.Perhaps Im just a bad player? Not the case, its nigh on impossible to afford upgrades  after battling, its expensive to repair your ironcast, and you receive little monetary agin to spend on the much needed upgrades.The cost of everything is ridiculous comapred to how much you receive.And f you finish a level much sooner than later, like perhaps if you finish a quick game in 2-3 turns in a 10 turn limit... well thats 7 entire turns of NOT scoring MUCH needed desperatly required scrap and experience to level up youir machine.Thats really bad game design.Also, the workshop part of the game has nothing to tell you how many weapon and energy modules you currently have , so when you think about upgrading the amount of modules for 1000, you might not be able to remember if you have 8 or already purchased 9 maximum, and theres no where to check. Again, thats bad games design.I really started to enjoy this game, but after I died and realised I had to go all the way back to the start, and the 2 new people I coudl choose and 2 new ironcasts were of no added value at all I just felt really sick inside after realising how unfair and what a rip off the game was."
76561197969178283,Not Recommended,327670,28808794,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Rausgelost,"Too much RNG and if you die (which happens a lot when the wrong tiles are popping up), you have to go through the whole campagin again."
,Recommended,327670,15107011,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Cathulhu,"Do you like FTL?Do you like Victorian Steampunk?Do you like Roguelites with Permadeath?Do you like Mechs?Do you like Match 3 games?If the answer is yes to all 5 questions, then this game is a real treat."
76561198008502632,Recommended,327670,17862082,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Gainsayer,"Highly addictive and surprisingly satsifying, this steammech dueling game combines a fun steampunk aesthetic with not-to-casual gameplay. Decent replayability, low price, and good balance make this a no regrets purchase."
,Recommended,327670,15467414,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,_UsUrPeR_,"Alright! I just finished everything this game had to offer. I have completed 100% of the steam trophies, and this is the first time I have ever done that with any game. I am not a completionist by nature.The game is quite fun. There's an element of luck and strategy which I found entertaining. Further, nothing is more enjoyable than totally wiping the floor with your opponent. Unfortunately, I think the game may have been too easy from the onset. The AI seems to only have a couple of tactics in its arsenal, and none of them make any sense compared to what you can do as a player. For instance, if I want to destroy an ironcast, I start by destroying his shields, then destroying his drive, then proceeding on to any weapon that would cause me problems. Enemies just choose a system at random every time they fire.As for game length, there's not a lot of content. The story mode can be completed in under 3 hours. Not to say it's not fun, and completing the story mode is relatively difficult, but I feel like the story was truncated in order to create demand for some form of DLC addon. That really left a bad taste in my mouth.I recommend the game. It WAS fun, but it's fleeting, and it really didn't have to be over so quickly."
76561197970617984,Recommended,327670,15467742,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,thallagan,"Great game, steep learning curve but lots of fun."
76561198124076342,Recommended,327670,15429568,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,greyson107,this game is soo very fun but too short.... I wanted more then again I only paid 7 quid for it so its not too bad.
76561198043980986,Recommended,327670,15323921,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Medic Prime,"Very well-designed game, and the most strategic match-3 game I've ever played.  Do I need more power?  Or more coolant banked for next turn?  Should I aim to up my shields again, or fire my weapons?  Should I give up any resources for this one match to get some more scrap (money) to spend on upgrading my mech afterwards?  The abilities/upgrades offered to you are randomized each game, and of course the boards are randomized, so each time you play you might end up with a different kind of luck and abilities that complement a different playstyle.Lots of choices in strategies, mech upgrades, and abilities.  The most SATISFYING sound effects I've ever heard in a game.  The plot line is interesting the first time through but does not alter much if you play with different characters.  You end up running through the first parts of the game over and over, but you can skip the dialogue easily, which is nice.Highly recommend."
,Recommended,327670,15440352,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Callahan,"Great game. Beat it after about 20 thoroughly enjoyable hours, fantastic value for money.Really looking forward to some DLC with more gear, more characters, more ironcast and more mission variety."
76561197986186385,Recommended,327670,15609372,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Grayald,"At first glance, Ironcast appears to be a strategic game.  In reality, there's almost no strategy involved, and it's almost entirely luck based.  The level of strategy involved amounts to ""Do I connect enough nodes to fill my bar, or do I connect as many as possible for extra experience and to clear the board?""  Some people might appreciate that, but I would personally prefer a bit less chance, and a bit more strategy.This is how the game plays out:You start out with a base level of HP and starting equipment.  You pick a pilot, and an ironcast (you are limited to just 1 at first, but more become available as you gain experience).  You play through missions, collecting better equipment for your ironcast, and gaining skills as you level.  You die.  You start all over, just a bit more powerful.  You get just a bit farther.  You die.  You start over, just a bit more powerful.  You get to the boss.  You die, you die, you die, you die, you die.  You make it past the boss, and get destroyed by a regular enemy because of terrible rng.I haven't yet made it to the point where I can consistently get past the boss (if such a point exists).  I've gotten nearly 20 hours on record now, and made it past him once.  Here are some issues I've seen.-It's too easy to get screwed by the board.  I lost a mission against an enemy that had 30 health left because I ran out of turns, not getting any ammo nodes.  I've been killed by enemies twice because of the same problem.-You can get stuck in a downward spiral where you have one bad fight, then you spend all your scrap repairing, so you can't upgrade anything.  So you get beat up bad the next fight, so you spend all your scrap repairing (if you can afford to repair completely), and you can't upgrade.  Until eventually, you can't possible win a single fight.-Evasion seems to need some tweaking.  I played 3 games back to back over the poast few days, and saw exactly one attack miss my ironcast the entire time.  This is with around 21% evasion.  At the same time, I missed frequently against enemies with 10%, and struggle to hit anything with 15% or more.  I just started a playthrough this morning, and prompty missed 3 shots in a row against the very first enemy that was at 7% evasion.-This one is expecially noticeable on the boss, because he's a longer fight.  Enemies seem to have an unbelievably easy time getting nodes they need.  They always fire twice (seems to be the max for the computer), they always have at least 2 layers of shields and 2 stacks of evasion, and they are always able to repair any and all systems I knock out, all in the same turn.  Usually, at least 1 of these is overcharged.  You can't actually see the board when it's the computers turn, but it seems far less chance based than it is for you.-The enemy can fire on the first turn.  You can't.  To be fair, the enemy only fires twice at the most (which is always), but you can fire seemingly as many times as the board allows.  This could be 5 or 6 timesper turn, or it could be 0 for multiple turns in a row.Despite these annoyances, overall, the game looks good, sounds good, feels good, and is fun.  If this is the sort of thing you're into, get it."
,Recommended,327670,15593284,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Superdarklink,"ok, so after about an hour of play (i have very little time on my hands as is so forgive me) i feel ready to give a review.First, I wanna say the game looks gorgeous. I love steampunk and this game delivers perfectly. The art style and design are absolutly stunning.Gameplay-wise we run into a couple of snags, and pretty big ones too. The first is my biggest one. Basically, you cant attack on your first turn. Now nothing would be wrong with that if the enemy played by the same rules. A couple of battles were made unwinnable by the enmy attacking first and knocking out my weapons and most of my hp. It didnt happen often enough to make it unfun, but enough to make me say what the hell.Next issue i have is the match three style. Bear in mind i dont particularly like this style of play enough as is, so this part of my review is a bit biased. There were a couple of times i was litterally unable to do anything because the table was straight up not giving me anything i could use. I lost those battles by the way. Again, didnt happen enough to make it unfun, but enough to make it an issue.Lastly, the music. Its not the best i've ever heard, but its still pretty damn nice.Overall, i had fun, and ill probably play it some more later, when i have more time on my hands. It was worth the money i think."
,Recommended,327670,15313778,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Firecrafter,"A very interesting blend of strategy and luck, Ironcast mixes the gameplay style of bejeweled and then adds a bunch of critical thinking to ensure you survive the current battle with enough health and money to carry on your defence of Britian!"
76561198046136001,Recommended,327670,15085475,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,diddykong5,"So far, so good, so... addictive ! Roguelike match-3 RPG strategy steampunk game, you can't put a label on this one. I've been waiting for it for a while, I had great expectations, and almost 2 hours in I've had lots of fun with this one."
76561197979487649,Recommended,327670,15391455,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Trashware,"No, it's not as good as Puzzle Quest. Strange how not a single match-3 game has been able to be quite as solid and complete.Still, Ironcast has some pretty fun twists on the genre. Nice graphics and atmosphere, different and slightly original use of tactics. Upgrade system is a little bit confusing at times but at least it contributes quite well to the sense of progression.And yeah, walking trains with guns. What's not to like about that?"
76561197987414330,Recommended,327670,15327487,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Pingu_the_Great,"Do you like games with a hefty dose of RNG? Do you like games where you will likely die lots of times before you get anywhere? Do you like games where it's possible to snatch victory from the jaws of defeat? And you you like Match 3? Then you'll like this. Don't play it for long sessions. It's great for an hour of fun, but more than that and if you've died a couple of times you'll get frustrated. But if you can keep your head, keep playing, keep playing, you'll have a lot of fun."
,Recommended,327670,15330258,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Tom Foolery,"Fantastic twist on the Match 3 base.  The story isn't quite strong enough to recommend it purely for it's RPG merits, but it's a great Rogue-Lite if you want something to kill an hour here or there.  Hoping for more from these guys!"
,Recommended,327670,15424833,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,ZenonTheStoic,"What a wonderful little game!So yes, it's a gem matching / resource management game with some persistent aspects, but it's so much better than its parts.I just spent 6 hours playing the game without getting up from my computer--it's that kind of a game. Unfortunately, that's also all there is. I'm not particularly good at video games, but I finished this game easily in 6 hours. There's some aspects of roguelikes here--permadeath particularly, and a long tail through unlocks--but I only lost two pilots (and the second I lost because I kept clicking DONE when I meant to click on the targeting reticule). Both bosses fell on the first attempt. There's more unlocking to be done, but I don't feel particularly motivated to go back and play the same campaign over and over. I already chose the hardest missions whenever possible and they were quite simple.So it's a great game, but it's also a very short game, which is disappointing seeing what kind of game this is: creating more content through weapons and enemies shouldn't have been that hard. But maybe they did hit a sweet spot: I did play through all of it and felt very happy to have finished it."
76561198062768811,Recommended,327670,15407301,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Michael the Mediocre,I knew candy crush needed by guns and mechs.
,Not Recommended,327670,15748092,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,nuNo,Its an okay game... definitely not as captivating as ftl or puzzle quest.
76561198045607161,Recommended,327670,15585103,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,postvixen,"So good. So short. This was shaping up to be the best match-3 game I'd ever played, but it ended just as I felt like the plot and mechanics were both getting going. Still, I don't feel ripped off, I just want more. The battle mechanics actually freaking MATTER. That ALONE is enough to put Ironcast above any other puzzle RPG I've played. Every turn felt really consequential, the customization options were actually more than ""this thing is better than that thing so use it duh"", and it never bogged down in useless moves like the Puzzle Quest games.  I would buy a sequel or more content in a heartbeat, but be warned, the game is awfully short as it is."
76561198121098144,Recommended,327670,16690330,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,owl2282,"Addictive puzzle / strategy game. Even if steam punk and mechs are not your thing I still rcommend this game if you like a challange. Sure this game is easy to pick up but mastering takes some effort. Differnet puzzle modes include distroy single/multipul enimies, collect the items, survival, on take the opponet down with out damaging ""X"" system. All based off of matching nodes to keep you mech systems up and running. You get to upgrade your mech. If your mech is destroyed than it is lost but the globeal points you earned can unlock better characters and mechs for your next round. Good storie that is skipable if you find it goes on to long. Age appropate if you don't mind youngster watching animated tanks shot each other.  The art work is good noting mind blowing but not bad.  Music is actully quite good. The only thing I could ask for is more game modes and unlockables."
,Not Recommended,327670,16668673,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Lavender Gooms,"This game is like a combination of Puzzle Quest and FTL. You've got inventory and leveling up, and in the gameplay there's matching game with resource management to attack/defend/use abilities. On top of this there's random missions each in-game ""day"", with each mission taking up that entire day and then after you complete it you move on to the next. Every mission gives you currency, experience, and blueprints you can use to purchase new equipment for your mech. After 10 days a boss shows up in London and you have to fight it.All of that seems like it would work well, but it's all tweaked too far on the ""nearly impossible"" side. At the base level you have to complete missions to get stronger, but the drops after each mission are random so you could go for a while without getting a weapon or other equipment that will be enough of an upgrade to justify the significant cost to purchase it. Every time you level up the abilities it offers you to select from are random, so you could go for a while without getting any that are useful in more than the most situational of situations. The matching gameplay ends up like how it sometimes happens in Puzzle Quest, where on occasion you might end up without any gems of the resource you need and so aren't able to win not because of lack of skill, but because the RNG says ""nope"". And then you have to do all this preparation in 10 days. Like, imagine FTL if you had to fight the rebel mothership at the end of sector 2. That's how tight the timing has to be on everything.After each failed attempt you gain experience towards a global profile level that unlocks bonuses that apply to each run. These bonuses are almost entirely useless on their own, however. Things like getting an additional +5 health per level up, when the default health for your Ironcasts are in the 800s and by the end of the game enemy weapons are doing around 180 damage per hit. The only way these global bonuses would help is if many, many, many levels were grinded out to have them add up to something significant. That's not my idea of fun.You basically need to have perfect item drops plus perfect levelups plus perfect gem configurations in order to succeed. An ideal balance for roguelikes is to have the player's skill + strategy be able to overcome most of what randomness is thrown at them. This game is too far on the random side, to the point where player skill is almost meaningless. If you don't get the right drops or have enough global bonuses to boost you up, you won't stand a chance regardless of how perfectly you execute on your strategies.It's really a shame, because the game looks fantastic and the setting is quite fun. If it were tweaked a little more fairly it would be quite an enjoyable experience."
76561198004525048,Recommended,327670,16695969,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Bannin,"A very fun game, if you enjoy puzzle quest and the like, this will be a fun game for you. It does feel a bit empty at times though. Not enough choices of weapons that feel very different from one another and sometimes the board will screw you over. The game can feel a bit short if you get a good set up and just kill everything. Would like to see more weapon choices and more equipment drops. These gripes don't take away from the overall enjoyment of the game though. Playing it makes you feel good as you destroy an enemy ironcast and make a huge power play due to a good board set up. Not for everyone, but give it a try. You will die during your playthroughs so don't be discouraged,"
76561198071299762,Recommended,327670,16769127,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,dthornsjo,"This is a lot of fun! The different game styles are combined perfectly, the setting is great, I'm enjoying it a lot! Maybe the background art could be more detailed, but that's my only minor quibble."
,Not Recommended,327670,16725285,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Richard Wong,"While Ironcast is a cute matching game in the vein of say, Puzzle Quest or Dungeon Raid (mixed in with a bit of FTL because of the time limit), it ultimately suffers from issues plaguing all games of that genre in that you can be screwed over way too hard by the random number generator. There will be times where you want to shoot your enemy one last time, but the only things on the board are a bunch of repair nodes or extra scrap which are generally worse than useless.Couple that with the random progression/upgrade unlocks and you end up with wildly different games. Some games I was able to cobble together high-level equipment and breeze through levels, while others I was stuck with Mk II weapons and♥♥♥♥♥♥tier ""5% more scrap gems""-type abilities. Additionally, since you have to pay for repairs out of your upgrading budget, many missions that offer slightly higher rewards aren't worth it as you'd have to pay more to repair your Ironcast than you'd make.I will say that Ironcast attempts to fix this balance/difficulty issue with the ""New Game +"" feature in which you gain permanent unlocks as you continuously play (and fail) the game, but for me that road is a long and grindy one that I just don't have time for."
,Not Recommended,327670,18192163,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Sciath iarann,"Nice part: graphics and dialogs.Bad part: dying again, and again, and again. Previous campaigns give very little to he next ones. So you're trying the same campaign time after time."
76561198006829387,Not Recommended,327670,18120126,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,ToPa.,"Everything goes well, your build and strategy pay off, and then you miss all your attacks, your oppenent hits you with critical each turn, and you miss your attacks once again, your Ironcast explodes and then you know RNG ♥♥♥♥ed you up."
76561198006891718,Recommended,327670,18054082,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,burgstel,"Are puzzle/ gem matching up games for you? Then look no further than this game. Ironcast is a unique and very addictive Match-3, steampunk styled, roguelike game that revolves around various 'mechs', otherwise known as Ironcast in game, battling it out to determine that fate of a Victorian-Era British Empire against a horde of invading French Ironcast.Ironcast involves managing and obtaining various resources by matching up 3 or more gems upon the in game puzzle/gem board and then using those same resources to power up your ironcast in battles against the enemy French Ironcast. Want to power up your shields? Then you need orange power nodes matched up. Want to arm your weapons? Then you need purple node matches.This game incorporates alot of FTL like elements in such that after each battle, you may get various blueprints you can use (depending on your luck!) for purchasing upgrades for new shield types, weapons, armor and even better drives. Abilties can also be earned, making your Ironcast more effective and giving you more options during battle. The game also incorporates global progress which earns various unlocks after earning xp from each run.Your overall strategy may well change depending on your drops during each run, so each time you play the game, your experience will be slightly different. Gameplay is reasonably hard but no so much that makes the game impossible, but there definately is an X-Com type feel to the RNG elements to the game play, but this just makes gaining the acheivements and winning all the worthwhile in my book.Graphics look pretty enough and the game pretty much runs on just about anything as it isn't really a resouce hog and seems well optimised. I haven't really ran into any major game breaking bugs so the game is well polished in that regards, The only complaint i have is that the campaign is just slightly too short in my opinion but overall it is still very much enjoyable and ideally suited for people who want a quick, fun game to play that doesnt take days to finish.Overall this game is well worth the standard $15 being asked for it, but if you can get it on sale then I highly recommend you do so.Overall i would rate this game 8/10"
,Recommended,327670,18209326,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Mr. Spiegel,"A mitx between match 3 game and FTL with a taste of AWSOME.Its story is very small but enjoiable.You will play it, die, play it, die, upgrade you ironcast, die, play it, die... and keep coming back for more."
76561198036994404,Recommended,327670,18155244,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,jsobo119,"I enjoyed the FTL like match 3 game very much.  Like some of the negative comments suggested it is relatively short if you consider the global progression system does seam to make it necessry to grind.  That being said it took me some time to find the right strategy to win.  I think I could have finished it quicker had I recognized a winning strategy sooner.Again I really enjoyed the game and after winning the game 1x I do plan to play through and try to win with each ironcast.  I see myself playing the game over and over.  I enjoy the music an atmosphere.  The one thing I found frustrating is the randomness of the drops of systems (weapons, shields, drives).  I also wish there was more of a choice of missions based on scrap (currency), war assets, and loot.  Since loot is random based on kills and there isn't much difference in the choices for scrap/war assests I found mission selection not as interesting as it could be.All in all it is my favorite match 3 game I have played."
76561198078459723,Recommended,327670,18102730,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,db191,"great game, would be nice if there was a little more to unlock and the campaign could be longer. but still completely worth the price. great replayability"
76561198019898292,Not Recommended,327670,16853335,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,jonathanmmack,"Get a coin, write 'win' on one side and 'lose' on the other, flip it a few times and you've saved yourself a tenner.If you like gambling then you'll enjoy the randomness of this.  It can be elating, it can be frustrating, I've found it to be more of the latter because it seems like if the so-called 'meta-level' makes any appreciable difference at all to the difficulty, it must be at a very high level, and considerably beyond the ten hours I've put in.That's a shame too because the matching gameplay is compelling, the concept of applying that to resource management with mechs fighting is absolutely inspired and the art and setting is charming enough to keep you playing, up to a point.  I was desperate to recommend this game, but it just keeps reminding me forcefully that I'm wasting my time.Do I recommend it?  VERY reluctantly, no.  Sorry."
,Recommended,327670,15262232,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,HammerHeadMorty,This is a fun game even if you dont like match three games. its more resorce mangement than match three any way. very fun game
76561198051883409,Recommended,327670,15274818,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Torzeng,"A great game for simple but saddly short play time. While the game initially relies on luck over skill, a global level of experience saves and shares accross games, giving players more opportunity to grow and beat the odds more often. Once you learn the simple 3-match system, the game can be played very quickly. Victory depends on learning which moves help you control the board over relying on luck of the draw. No matter what, some games will be harder or easier based on AI choices or finding a rare weapon earlier than later in the game.While a lot of fun for a combat 3-match puzzler, if you're looking for a serious time sink, this won't be your game. If you want a challenging but possibly short game, or enjoy replaying games just for the puzzle style, this is worth the investment. There appears to be potential for additional content later, so like many players, my fingers are crossed that this game will see future expansions."
,Recommended,327670,15275031,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Kretch,"Suprisingly fun match-3 game. Not particularly deep (it could be). Not extremely well balanced (let's hope it will be). But fun and well-polished and very atmospheric and addictive.Story, artwork and music are top-notch, game mechanics adequate so not to spoil your game.Recommended to anyone who likes Victorian era and Steampunk.To authors: thank you. If you will be updating this game please add more Ironcasts and maybe think about balancing weapons and parts a little, so that they would allow different strategies (energy weapons with % of killing shields? projectiles with % of crippling drives?) Also would LOVE to see AI improved and having actual board we could iteract with.Right now 'stealing' energy/ammo from AI does not affect its behavior, it would be great to see it suffer without ammo."
,Recommended,327670,15213138,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Dab,"Get used to dying!  Ironcast is a lot of fun, and the game has surprised me with it's longevity on my hard drive.  Admittedly, I am a very fickle gamer, getting bored fo games in a day or two, but so far, I am playing Ironcast far more than some of the bigger titles I have aquired lately."
76561198033548074,Recommended,327670,15219619,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,M4598,"Nicely done thing, quite enjoyable and hard to go away from, with the only downside of it being too short. Finished it in 4 hours of gameplay, and then it's just playing again from start. Other then that, definitely worth playing.Still, also must add, that for now it's like a frame. A stylish one at that, but just a frame nonetheless, waiting for thing to be added. And looking at it, there all kinda of interesting possibilities. Can't wait to see them all."
76561198032265518,Recommended,327670,15111417,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Deklore,"I actually dont like match 3 games, but resource management and roguelike nature in this one reminds me a bit of FTL. Definately alot of fun."
76561198066227261,Recommended,327670,15113637,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,egbert,Quite a fun game - you just to play for 10 minutes...and after a while you realize it's been 2 hours. The mechanics is simple but entertaining. To conclude - a good way to spend 9€;)
,Recommended,327670,15115000,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,LawTalkingGuy,"An excellent Puzzle Quest style game with FTL style (rogue-like) progression.  In addition there's a bit of Rogue's Legacy where you earn global XP for every run which gives you global unlocks, slowly making you a bit more powerful every time.The gameplay is quite fun: you match tiles to build up your meters, and then raise your defenses and unlesh hell on your enemy!  Watching your massive cannons turn your enemy into a fiery ruin never gets old. :)On the diffuculty of the game: there's definely strategy to be learned, but a lot depends on luck.  Not just the tiles that you get to match against, or missing your target, but also the weapons, shields and enhancements you receive.  If RNG is hating on you, then it's going to be rough.  If you get lucky, things can really go your way.  That's at least part of why some people feel this game is too easy and some feel it's too hard.  For me, it's just about right.Summary: 9/10, definitely worth the money."
76561198009549233,Recommended,327670,15115353,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Allend,"Let me start by saying that this is an incredible game! The gameplay is superb and the battles are all challenging, interesting and very fun. There are many ways to build your Ironcast and that impacts your overall strategy, forcing you to consider different courses of action.My one complaint is regarding the fact that there are no individual storylines for each commander. I had a great time reading theis backstories, which made them all seem very interesting, but it was a MAJOR letdown to see that they all follow the same campaign, say the same things and react the same way to the events that happen in battle. It would have been much more interesting to see the events unfold from a different point of view, like from a french commander´s perspective for example.Either way, i still find this game very enjoyable and recommend it to all fans of puzzles, strategy and roguelikes. I hope the devs keep developing and adding more content, especially because the world they created is very interesting to explore."
,Recommended,327670,15115650,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Bear DOTA,"I don't write reviews, but I felt as this game deserves one.Firstly, I do not recommend this game or not recommend it, but rather I recommend this game to those who may be interested in the specific core mechanics and gameplay which are the defining factors between a good game and a bad game. I also do not recommend this game to those who may want more depth in combat, length, or are generally frustrated with the core mechanics.To put briefly, this game has exetremely basic mecahnics. Being essentially a match 3, they spice it up with overload and link buffs that can be matched with any color and provide a specific bonus. Nontheless, it is very very simply. This is not at all a bad thing but it can dissuade potential buyers (not saying that your natural inclination is wrong, but that if you honestly dislike or hate match 3, then be wary of purchase). Also, If you find yourself having a distaste for match three, you will not like this game if the second part of the mechanics does not 'wow' you.As for the second part of the mechanics, the resources gained from the match three provide action and detailed analysis of how your mech interacts. Though you don't control the mech per se, you are more of dealing with possibilities, potential outcomes, and weighing risk with reward. This gives a sense of commandering that shows a mind's ability to assess and impliment.Now this all sounds cool, in part because it is and I enjoy it, but the game's depth is not shallow as some reviews claim or deep. Instead, this game is amazing for the $10 starting price or $15 when it goes off sale regarding mechanics and replayability. Expect 10 to 20+ hours with this game, which in my book, is more than what you will get from most triple AAA titles that cast 6x-4x more.TL;DR -- Game is great, functions properly, synthesizes a combat and management, but uses a simple formula that some dislike."
,Recommended,327670,15115807,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,-[Mytacism]-,"Loved the game, well spent money imho.Great strategic gameplay mixed with a bit of match three and a awesome theme creates a really intressting and compelling game."
,Recommended,327670,15181849,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Dingo,"Overall enjoyable and fun to play, not expensive either. Shows its low-budget nature in many places.Pros:-Interesting (highly linear) story.-A twist on match-3 mechanics that is enjoyable and strategic.-Combat system has more depth than meets the eye and player skill MATTERS.-Failing to complete a run leads to unlocks which make the next run easier.Cons:-SHORT. Starved for content and story. It takes 5-10 hours to beat if you're playing at a decent skill level.-Some mech/pilot combinations are a lot stronger than others-Random node generation CAN make or break a run at times, but not as much of a big deal as people might claim. Skill still matters more.-""Only"" 4 pilots / 4 mechs. (This is nice considering the indie nature of the game, but in reality doesn't provide variety)I don't really like the comparison to FTL that some people (including TB) are making. Once you play through the game a few times you can tell that missions repeat themselves a lot more than they do in FTL, and there is no exploration to speak of.The most successful way to play is to learn the harder missions and how to best equip yourself for them, and to milk out experience and scrap from easy missions by beating them as close to the final turn as possible without taking too much damage.If you stick to game-winning principles and use a strong pilot-mech combo you shouldn't even fail the first boss theoretically unless you get horrible node generation. The second (final) boss is harder but even so you can beat it with average gear and no mech upgrades what-so-ever. The story ends as soon as the final boss is killed which is frustrating.I feel this game could've used more dev time poured into its storyline and maybe some more variety in weapons, pilots and mechs. Everything is extremely same-y and somewhat wastes a fantastic foundation in terms of mechanics and replayability potential."
76561198071810195,Recommended,327670,15252210,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,hallix78,"Since purchasing, this is the one game in my collection that I keep going back to time after time. Simple mechanics, not overly complicated, but difficult to master due to the randomn nature of the tile matching mechanic as well as the randomness of what buffs you get to choose from upon leveling. If there was a pool of buffs/upgrades and you simply chose from that pool upon leveling, it would be an entirely different game, because it's clear that there are a handful of upgrades/pilot/steamtank combos that can become very powerful. However, because you're given a random three buffs/upgrades to choose from each time you level, you can never count on a predetermined build or strategy. Do you have enough energy, should you boost speed or shields, shoot now or save the bullets - you'll ask  yourself these things time and time again (and feel the sting if you choose poorly). That, in my opinion, makes for compelling gameplay. And if you can't adapt, you'll just get mashed if you even make it to the first actual ""boss"" type challenge. Awesome game, and I'm not someone who particularly enjoys tile match games - but this title goes way beyond that."
76561198039273639,Recommended,327670,15134286,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,henriquefd,"This a fun little match 3 game. I say little because it is, indeed, a very short game. The difficulty is not very high and it doesn't take long to learn which abilities and augmentations to add to your ironclast. I recommend you buy this game on sale. It would have to be much longer to ask for a full price."
76561198003222478,Recommended,327670,15079828,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Obi Juan Kenobi,-Spoiler-The first boss is a French frog mech and a remix of the French national anthem plays in the backround.10/10?-End spoiler-This is a great little match3 game combined with a FTL style campaign. More proof that Kickstarter can do good things. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,327670,15135264,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Jiggles,"Great Match-3 rouge-lite with steam punk themes. While it took a while to beat the game, I definately wanted more. More bosses would be awesome as the over all experience from begining to final boss on a play through felt rather short."
76561197992082934,Recommended,327670,15139427,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Captain Suction,"Very nice steampunk-themed, turn based strategy game. Okay, so the main mechanic is matching gems a bit like in Puzzle Quest, but it makes sense in the context of what the different coloured gems mean in game. And who doesn't like massive duelling robots (reminds me of One Must Fall 2097 a looooong time ago). I played 15 hours in three days, which is a testament to the immediate appeal of the game, but I'm wondering whether it will have any long term appeal because the Global Unlock mechanic means that the game actually gets easier as you play more (and as you improve your skills). Having just completed the 20 or so mission campaign for the first time (with about 10 or so failed campaigns along the way), I hope that the devs will add more content to this in the months ahead."
76561198093313509,Recommended,327670,15140043,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,tjoma.r,"Very nice aesthetically, with a solid steampunk theme. The designs of the mechs in particular are interesting. The match-3 system as the resource gathering mechanic is a good fit in my opinion, as enables a more diverse, controllably ""random"" combat, which I think is somewhat better than the JRPG system of just picking a move without resources. The upgrades that are mostly random drops, and the active and passive skills which are chosen from a random set at level-up, give the game a nice variety the replayabilty that every ""rogue-lite"" game needs.  The challenge level is alright, and the game doesn't seem to offer many obvious solutions. The price is also very fair.TL;DR: Good gameplay, good theme and fairly priced. Unless you don't like ""rogue-lite"" games or match-3 mechanics, this game is worth getting."
,Recommended,327670,15141456,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Valkhelek,"Warning: This game is very addictive.The designers have come up with an innovative approach to balancing energy, ammunition and repair that makes survival challenging.  Not to mention the random nature of the of perks when levelling up make each campaign slightly different.  Highly recommended if you feel like killing a week or two !"
76561198042464848,Recommended,327670,15126241,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,seventhflame,"A well done combination of the match 3 and rogue lite genres set in an interesting steampunk world. The match 3 mechanics are very well implemted into the game, making for a great strategic experience. The only real problem i have with the game is the lack of content. It's fun to play through a couple of times but after you have beaten the game once or twice you know all the weapons and most of the missions, lowering the replayability of the game significantly. Would love to see some dlc for it in the future to make the game even better. Everything said it's great value for money and a very enjoyable experience."
76561198024954205,Recommended,327670,15128361,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Kaiser Wilhelm II,"Very much FTL meets Puzzlequest.  It has FTL's problems of the random number Gods not always smiling on you, but it rewards you more often than FTL.  I keep dying before the end, but it never feels cheap or unfair."
76561198009828960,Recommended,327670,15129518,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,MechanicalGod,"Fun while it lasted.There were some UI annoyances:- Not being able to see your max ammo/energy/coolant/repair capacity during a battle- No warning on clicking done when you could still make moves- No warning when targeting an enemy module that needs to survive as part of the missionGameplay wise its pretty solid, very enjoyable for what it is. Some of the augmentations seem a bit imbalanced though, with some being very impractical and others being virtually OP. With the correct setup, the game became quite easy.(minor) SPOILER ALERT:The game felt kinda short though. I was surrprised when the game end so abruptly after the second boss. It felt as if the game was leading up to much more, but then it all got cut short. The end part of the story felt really rushed."
76561197970580235,Recommended,327670,15298136,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Dogmeat,"It's like Puzzle Quest and FTL had a nasty, vindictive little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of a baby. And it is good."
76561197992002940,Recommended,327670,15299710,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Nikola Einstein,"Bought this game shortly after watching TotalBiscuits video.  While it has similar ideas to FTL, I much prefer this game.  This game matches elements from various games, but does it well.  It feels like it's a game that could easily have just been thrown in a ""Free to play"" market or even the mobile market.  Instead, I'm happy to say it's a full game that doesn't feel like anything has been cut out to be sold back to you (in fact, there's no ""in app market"").  The game play and visuals are the type that will age well.  It also doesn't require a lot of time from you, as you're able to stop and go pretty freely being able to save and quit the game between missions.  Missions themselves are only as long as you make them."
,Recommended,327670,15305460,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,STGR | dworfsking,This Game is awesome! It is adicting as ♥♥♥♥ and i love it to bits. the game is awesome and preaty tedius in the ends ther is not alot of content is not properly finnished but it is awesome the first 100 huers then it begins getting enoying and boring.I love the game to bits and i realy love it!this is a game witch is alone on the marked in the geondra it is in and it is why i'd say it is worth it!
76561197973818633,Recommended,327670,15069180,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,dubcee,Great game.  Light but just enough depth to keep me playing.
,Recommended,327670,15069891,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,briancarnell,This is what would happen if Puzzle Quest and Rogue Legacy had a baby.
,Recommended,327670,15079642,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Renew81,"Overall this is a great game it could have done with a bit morevariety in missions , Ironcast's , upgrades and a longer campaignin my opinion the turns until you encounter the boss are to shortso its highly likely you will be well underpowered to actually facethe boss fights.There is some rng involved off cource on what you get for loot dropsand gems that you can match up wich makes it interesting and funto replay with different commanders and ironcasts as you unlock them.The game could use a online vs mode with other players i think that wouldwork well select your equipment , outfitting and face each other in online mayhem.Also a few tweaks to the user interface would not hurt selecting a particularsub system like shields , weapons etcetera will cover up the enemy ironcast witha ui menu wich is annoying and takes away from the aesthetics  of the game.I hope that the Developers will fine tune this game some more and perhaps releasedlc for it wich i think it can defenitly use its fun to play and i come back for morei would have no problem paying a bit extra for good dlc to extend gameplay.Overall a great game with a great price tag bought it at the promotion salewich was worth the money although even after the sale ends the price is stillvery reasonable  i do reccomend this game to any who are trying to figure outif its worth a purchase or not  ( yes it is ! )"
,Recommended,327670,15080185,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,DraggyIce,It's like FTL: Faster than Flight but with Mechs.
76561198160367841,Recommended,327670,15080365,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Sploder81,"This is a great game, really fun and a cool idea.The only issue I have is that there are only 2 bosses.I beat it with a global rating of lvl 15 and I think the max is 40 or 50.If the campaign were longer, this would be a real gem, then againI feel like i got my 10 bucks worth out of it.Still I hope there is a dlc for this in the future with an extended campaign."
,Recommended,327670,15237008,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Puszek_SE,"That's definetely the game any PQ fan should try, especially if its steampunk/victorian setting comes to your liking.One major change is the pacing of the game itself. Single run can take anything from 10 minutes to few hours if You try to get as much as only possible."
,Recommended,327670,15241020,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Sapph1re Dra90n,"Normally I'm not one for perma-death games, they annoy me too much; but when I saw Ironcast, I decided to give it a try. Great descision in hindight. The art on this game is pretty good, it's well optimised (my 1GB RAM netbook can run it. Not well, but the fact the game works at all is more than usually happens), and the gameplay elements are simple yet complex at the same time. Sure, it's match-3, how hard is that? It's the resource management that gives a large part of the complexity, you rarely have the resources to do everything you want to, such as you can buy this weapon or this drive, not both. The global level grind and RNG bs can get annoying at times, but you level up quick enough and RNG is going to happen sometimes, you just have to get on with it.After just beating the final boss, I can say it was worth the effort and time to get there, very good finale.A couple points I do think need addressing though are the lack of reward for killing an enemy quickly and quiting during a missionWhen I have a good setup I can usually kill the enemy with 7-8 turs out of 10 left, which in the long run is a bad thing, as you loose turns where you can make more matches and get more XP. There needs to be something that rewards you with XP and perhaps sprap depeing on how many turns are left.The other thing is if you need to quit during a mission, you loose everything, whereas if you quit in the hangar your progress is saved. I don't think campaign progress should be saved if you quit out in a mission, that defeats the point, but you should still earn the global XP you have up until that point, instead of it being lost.Wow, didn't think I'd type that much, sorry for that.Anyway, overall, I'd give this 8.5/10, 9/10 if they fix the above issues. It's a deceivingly fun game that gave me a lot more enjoyment than I expected."
,Recommended,327670,15233847,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,ac429,"Very, very, very, very, very cool!  Good Rogue-Like!  Good Puzzle game!  Especially good tone and setting!  If you like steampunk, THIS IS YOUR GAME!"
,Recommended,327670,15197372,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,tiptoethroughthetulips,"Quick Review:Pros:Good art style that fits the atmosphereNice musicReally easy to get intoGood sense of progression despite dying a lotMechsRNGUpgradesSteampunkMechs + SteampunkCons:RNG!Commanders say the same things during dialogueMatching games really aren't for everyoneBeing a roguelike-like-lite whatever, a playthrough will relatively take less time than other games. You will  die a lot, especially in the beginning. But don't let that discourage you. The global progression is a nice addition and makes you realize that all those deaths make you stronger. Would be nice if you could get more commanders or mechs, or create your own, though. A definite buy for anyone who enjoys puzzles and rogue-like-like-lites."
76561197960699417,Recommended,327670,15199116,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Paddy-o-,"My first matching game that is something else than just a matching game.I didn't think it would work, but man does it! Being a FTL fan I can recommend it big time.Had me entertained for 10+ hours.My only concerns:- Mech/pilot variety:Of the 4 mechs I'm offered so far every model is basicly the same. Only some stats are a bit different and the special powers are mostly boring and/or useless. Why can't I play a steam tank later in the game? Why not a totaly different mech? Same with the pilots who don't change the game that much.- Random gems/difficulty:While my very first playthrough was pretty successful, during most of the following ones I got f***ed by the gems appearing (e.g. no coolant/energy/ammo gems for several turns) or an supprisingly strong enemy pretty early. So most of the time I had to start over after only 2-3 Missions where in FTL you have the chance to escape every fight and still make it to the end boss most of the time (and die there)."
,Recommended,327670,15199401,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Kaiser Corgi,"Very fun game, very addicting. Good, fun, and challenging gameplay.The only con I found is that the game is short, depending on how well you play. Took me about 5-6 hours to beat. Even though Ironcast is short, it's still a steal at $15."
,Recommended,327670,15202230,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Gwendle (OTG),"This is the best puzzle RPG I've found so far. Much better than any of the other Puzzle Quest type games. The ""story"" sucks as much as that of any other of these types of games, but I don't play it for that and neither should you! The progression actually makes sense and matters. This will eat many hours from your life!"
76561198006873747,Recommended,327670,15204390,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,[WDZ]NeraBá,"A fun match 3 game with some rpg elements and permanent death (so be careful during combat). While there is 4 pilot and Ironcast the missions are fairly similar, if that bothers you maybe this game is not for you."
76561198048949849,Recommended,327670,15191596,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Robinebra,"This is a very fun ""match-3"" game that takes place in steam punk victorian England. Everthing about this game screams of love, care and dedication from it's developers. If you like match-3 with a heavier focus on strategy, then this is a game for you."
76561198072558970,Recommended,327670,15195144,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Pandamonium,"Overall:A decent game with elements of the ""Puzzles and Dragon"" formula. The on sale price if $11 was decent considering it will give you about 10hrs or so of game play.Difficulty:Calling this game a rough-lite makes it harder than it sounds. As you progress through the global unlocks the game gets easier, to the point where it's a grind for achievements. Just push through the first few failed campaigns to rack up the global XP bar.Story:Whilst the story line isn't GRRM's GoT, and is quite predictable, it lends to the game play mechanics and progression decently."
,Recommended,327670,15204548,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Rorrim,"The best part of the game is its esthetic and how well the different genres blend together. Match 3? YES! Steampunk? YES! Mechs? HELL YES!Recommended if you like what you see, because the that's what you'll get. The game mechanics are interesting and well thought. Go buy it."
,Recommended,327670,15082291,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Spliter,Very enjoyable game with noticeable FTL influences.
76561197998421909,Recommended,327670,15082758,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,The M-man,"Do you like FTL, Puzzle Quest and SteamPunk? well then you'll love this game, its a lot of fun and it keepsyou coming back for more!"
76561198005685477,Recommended,327670,15083002,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,echephron,"A bit short and limited in variety. I beat it in my second try(though i wanted to die my first game to see what would happen), On my third playthrough i noticed some limited variety. Hopefully, the developers will expand this game, because my first 2 playthroughs were fun."
,Recommended,327670,15083004,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,quit quotes,"Save Britain from the French with mechs.This is a turn-based match-3 game. Each turn, the player gets 3 moves to make to collect resources. Those resources are then used to attack or defend/evade. Different missions has different win conditions, such as surviving for x turns and destroying x enemies. A successful mission gives the player experience. At each level-up, the player gets to choose a perk out of 3 to increase performance. This game has permadeath. The player starts over at death. The game gives  global experience that carries over all games. Leveling up the global level gives permanent perks that makes future games slightly easier.Campaign took about 2.5 hours to complete, but it took 10 hours of defeat to get there.Add this to your wishlist; get it whenever it's on sale."
76561198040557124,Recommended,327670,15083450,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Lazero,"I was hesitant because I wasent sure if it was too much Gem game and not enough tactical/rpg. It turns out to be a perfect balance of genre's. The use of matching for Ironcasts abilities during combat works like a dream, output of Ironcast allows customizing between battles from gained blueprints. Very much fun, tense fights, and satisfying battles. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,327670,15085001,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,▽ DTrYSS,Is there anything better than steampunk mech battles?
,Recommended,327670,15086582,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,donisofjuanis,"I picked up Ironcast and it's fantastic! Wins on all fronts, unlike me in the final battle....except I found out later it wasn't the final battle!  (my first playthrough, I made it to the first boss battle 9 days in but lost...tonight I got passed it)Honestly, I think the only thing that might deter people from this game is seeing the ""match 3"" mechanic, but I think it suits the game just fine.Great steampunk mech aestheticNice strategy with the match mechanic as resources, the main source of falling victim to RNGesusplaythrough progression with lots of active + passive skills for player, mech, and gear slots that can really change the way you playGlobal progression + unlocks add a lot to replayabilityMore than worth the full price, so an even better deal while it's on sale!"
76561198052646277,Recommended,327670,15097474,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Soho,"Good game for the price.  Graphics are gorgeous, sounds and music are well done.  Campaign is pretty short and sweet.  Good grammar and well-written mission dialogue - one can tell that someone took their time with writing out and editing good story.  I liked the different options you could go for with your ""Ironcast"" - the customization options give just enough to think about in between missions as you build your fighting robot.  There are a lot of options but not too many... just enough decisions to keep you wanting to take one more turn.  Some replayability in that the player can customize a totally different Ironcast every game, depending on the random options that come up to pick after each mission.On the casual side of strategy/puzzle games but worth the low price for the amount of quality gameplay you get."
76561197993371771,Recommended,327670,15098014,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Chunkybeefstu,"My game crashed mid-battle and couldn't continue, what gives? I've been enjoying the game otherwise."
76561198072169342,Recommended,327670,15099692,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,xxxccccccccc,"Ironcast is a piece of class.It take the abstract match three mechanics of yesterday (perhaps perfected or hijacked by Candy Crush Saga) as a way of gaining resources but without the time element or cascade effect. Resources are then spent on turn based combat between giant mechs in a steampunk universe where France has invaded England.Between missions you spend cash on upgrading/customising your machine and deciding between a choice of special abilities. The campaign involves completing 10 or so randomised missions before facing the boss (there are two bosses, a bit limited but then in the perfect FTL there is only one.). Lots of luck but with fairly taxing gameplay where your decisions are the biggest factor.Except for some minor quirks with displaying information and perhaps a shortness of the campaign - it's a near flawless offering.  Really pleased to have found this."
76561198051296069,Recommended,327670,15100620,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Coltaine_NO,"Nice short little game, enough RNG to keep it interesting but not enough to make it frustrating. Lots of weapons and upgrades and enhancements to find, global unlocks etc. It's a bit short, story wise but it's certainly worth the money they're asking."
,Recommended,327670,15100696,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,ReichManForDaJob,I first saw Totalbiscut's review for this game and I fell in love with it. I like playing these games that you can play to pass the time. It is alot like FTL and I like that game so it felt at home with me. The graphics are very nice and are well done. The puzzel like connecting of the nodes is pretty cool. The fact that enemies get more challenging later on in the game makes it more replayable. I kinda wish there was multiplayer and putting it all togehter. One last thing if you have a crappy computer that has a hard time running games; then this game is for you becuase it is very light on the PC.
,Recommended,327670,15102010,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,mjarkin,I'm not a fan of the genre and I still want more of this!
,Recommended,327670,15103199,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Sidion,"Pro's:Deep yet simple combat simple.Great steampunk art and feel.Solid puzzle mechanics.Con's:A bit repetitive.Game doesn't show the AI's board on their turn.Very poor difficulty curve.Game gets significantly easier the more your global level rises.If you like puzzle based games, and love games with good art you should get it. Otherwise wait for a sale."
,Recommended,327670,20206769,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Kalogrym,Fantastic game.
,Recommended,327670,20840197,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Mordgier,"It's a solid fun casual game with the only downsides being that the DLCs feel like they should have been part of the actual game (both mechs are already in the game, just not drivable) and the RNG can be incredibly frustrating as a bad board can simply make it impossible to win the missions all of which have a limited number of turns."
,Recommended,327670,21113059,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Jiraya,Great match 3 game with mechs and a snazzy cast. Prepare to die tho.Warmly reccomended!
76561198037938057,Not Recommended,327670,20767601,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,VonMisk,At first I thought that it's a fun game but the longer I've played the more faults I noticed. The game is just too much relying on RNG and there's really no strategy on computer part than plain cheating. You never know what resources the enemy has and thus can't predict his next move. You just rely on luck. Skip it.
76561197970433771,Recommended,327670,20703045,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Neofightr,Outstanding level of polish for a match 3 game. Terrific novel theme. An outstanding price as well.Congrats devs you hit this one out of the ballpark. Bring on the sequels!!PS: Would love to see this on ios.
76561198035762075,Recommended,327670,22558967,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Taranys,"On a scale from 'good' to 'addicting', lands on 'great idea with good execution'Would recommend."
76561198043226176,Recommended,327670,22542663,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,DeepDan,"I really like this game, it's frustratingly engaging.  Winning takes extremely careful planning and much forethought, as well as a healthy dependance on plain old luck.  I would definitely recommend."
76561197993100945,Recommended,327670,22432182,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Littlemama,i like this game alot  ...wished only it was longer  and had more of all what is allready in it ;)  maybe save the  hole europe and later the whole world ..i wish you make a bigger  ironcast2 :) please do itif you like  steampunk games and big  fighting mashines this is a game for you10/10 because its all you want easy 2 learn hard to master
76561198007788610,Not Recommended,327670,22697061,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Simbelmean,"Game looked right up my alley, but there's a bit too much random for a game with perma death. The rounds rely far too heavly on good RNG early on in the game, which makes progressing well nigh impossible.  If I hadn't paid good coin for this I'd expect to see it as a free-to-play on my phone - the kind that all but forces one to engage in some lovely microtransactions in order to progress. The concept, in general, is quite charming. The execution, excreble. While I cannot be certain, I would venture to guess that the developers relyed on punishing over-randomization to cover up for poor AI design. Would not recommend."
,Recommended,327670,21285380,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Sidd Vicious(VR),"OMG, like candy crush on acid, except the tile matching is a minor part and strategy is the major part..... i just lost 3 days"
76561198025781379,Recommended,327670,20402886,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,mcc,Smashing good fun!
76561197994937841,Recommended,327670,20472580,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Kanimachine,"It's quite a fun match-3 game that combines steampunk and mechs, which is never bad. The game only has one game mode, though, and it's rather short, and a very limited number of mechs and captains. It irks me that the other captains are being sold as DLCs. It's quite entertaining while it lasts, but lacks content. That being said, if you like puzzle games, mechs, and turn based combat, you should enjoy it. Get it when it's on sale. Maybe."
76561197970639512,Recommended,327670,20523454,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Warlok,"What an excellent 'casual' application of gem-matching tetris. A very nice diversion from more hands-on action game fare, with good rpg/experience progression. The random nature of the (gem) play insures variety... good stuff."
76561198010753325,Recommended,327670,20155568,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,daeore,"You will die.A Lot.But that's okay!Even with the merciless RNG and the occasional run through with no good upgrades, each death (or completion) gives you an edge for your next game.  So while you might get blown into small bits by a lucky hit.  Or miss that 95% chance shot, (then get blown to bits) you'll eventually get all those little stacking bonuses that make playing this more than a few times worth it.That said.  Pros&Cons.Bad stuff first.You will die.  A Lot.  This can be frustrating for those people who can't handle a little bad luck.The RNG (has improved since the initial release!) can be very VERY mean.Some of the randomness can really hurt late game. (get good equipment one game, utter crap next)Resource managment (both on and off the field) can be frustrating.  (New weapon orrrrr patch up that hole in my armor. hmm...)Some of the commanders and Ironcasts seem...  Negligable.  Found myself using only one pair most of the time.Pros.I have only ever had ONE! crash.  That was closer to initial release, and the game was patched shortly after.Music is great.Graphics are smooth.Take a good look in the background some time and you really feel there is a war going on.Really does give you that steampunk feel with the design of things.Heaps of upgrades/abilities/combos for loading out your character and ironcast.Mission difficulty is progresses smoothly, even if your equipment finds don't always. X_x"
,Recommended,327670,20324756,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Original,"Great match 3 game. But can be frustrating.I've had a lot of fun with this game, I'm not big into the match 3 genre but this one had enough additional layers to keep it interesting. It does get a little frustrating when you can't win a match because you got boned by chance but it's a great game to pick up and spend 30 mins on before moving onto something a little deeper."
,Recommended,327670,28661532,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,kokizzu,"nice, hard at the end of the gameafter you finished the game, only repetitive things to be done (restart new game with global bonus)"
,Recommended,327670,28830871,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,shekerev,Excellent game and worthy purchase
76561197999227532,Recommended,327670,28831228,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Paladin_Fin,Exellent game.
76561198036182607,Recommended,327670,31571323,Posted: 5 May,all,kaiyorihajimeyo,"In this game, we are a pilot of humanoid robots belonging to the army of the fictive Great Britain in 19th, and fight against the invasions from the continent. The game system is a combination of match 3 puzzles and turn-based RPG; we have enough time to think and decide.A game turn consists of a battle phase and an enhancement phase, and the boss battles are forcibly occurred after several turns.In a turn-based battle phase, we need to gather resources, such as ammo, energy, and coolant, by match 3 puzzles, and then, select commands, such as fire weapons, expand shields, and boost drives. There are several types of victory conditions: simply defeat an enemy, endure the attacks of enemies several turns, collect special gems in a puzzle board, and so on. We get some moneys and experiences according to the results of battles.In an enhancement phase, we can repair our robot, grade-up the weapon, shields, and drives the robot, and improve the skills of our pilot. Because the moneys and experiences are limited, we need to select the combinations of enhancements suitable for our tactics.The battle balance is relatively tough, and a single defeat in battles immediately brings game over. We need some experiences that our well-grown robots and pilots are destroyed by unmerciful invaders in a flash. But the joy of developing robots and pilots and relatively short play time encourages us to try again, and enables us to complete all battles some days in a future.Because I’m familiar with European history, I also enjoyed the ambience of game world. However, the problem is that the game story is described from only the British side; the music of boss battle is an arranged version of “La Marseillaise”. I’ll pay an additional charge if the second arc from the French side is on the sale."
,Recommended,327670,30323376,Posted: 4 March,all,toraakr,"Great little title for the price, especially if you get it on a sale.  Decent depth of strategy that is only downplayed by the terrible dodge and miss mechanics.  Seemingly innocent 3-match gameplay, becomes frustratingly intense when you realize that matching the wrong things at the wrong time will leave your following turns in shambles while the enemy repairs and regroups.  Solid replayability as you will quickly die your first few times stepping into the world of Ironcast.In short, fun game, good strategy and RPG elements with just a touch too much randomness to be a long lasting hit.  If its on sale don't pass it up!"
76561198070858108,Recommended,327670,17557715,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Swankster,"If there was any way to convince a person about how good this game is, it would have to be the fact you control a massive steampunky-robotic-tank that walks, shoots, and blows up whatever it may come across!Ironcast takes place in an alternate Victorain Era; War between England and Britain has escalated to a peak through the creation and slight evolution of Ironcasts: Giant, walking automations that can lay waste to any standard infantry or average artillery. You, the player, are a commander of the war against Britains forces, and with your Ironcast, you set out to destory your enemies, salvage what you can to upgrade, and save England from the looming threat that slowly approaches England in a matter of days!The gameplay of Ironcast is that of a matching game (Or to be more specific, a turn-based combat stradegy matching game), but with a twist to your average Candy Crush! In this game, you matchNodes, bits of special scrap that help you survive in a battle. Your Ironcast consists of four needs that you must pay attention to:Weapon Nodes (colored purple) keeps your Ironcast prime to attack your enemy with either projectiles or energy-based weaponry!Energy Nodes (colored orange) helps in keeping your Ironcast alive on the battlefield by increasing Drives that can assist in avoiding oncoming attacks, and increasing your Shield which helps in protecting projectiles that take a hit!Coolant Nodes (colored blue) maintains temperature control to your Ironcast and all its functions so that you dont override your systems and take damage!Repair Nodes (colored green) repair any damage taken to your weapons, shield, or drives on the spot in battle!There are other types of nodes in-game as well, but the focus is on the main idea.When you match these nodes, the respective meter fills up by number with however many you matched. and its important to keep these numbers up, because when it hits zero, its no longer usable until you match more nodes to refill it, and with only three turns to be had during your turn, its vital to have a little something in there.You are given a handful of missions for each day, and if successful, gives you rewards, workers, upgrades andGlobal Experience Points. There are approximately 15 days of gameplay within the game, and each day the ""Impending doom"" comes closer to England to attack. You need to upgrade as best as you can to fend off against it, if you can survive the days before it even comes that is.Gold is used to upgrade your Ironcast, the workers will be used to sabatoge the boss once it arrives, and the Global Experience Points are your main source for leveling up. While in game, you level up as well, and recieve Augmentations, abilities that could improve your chances of victory.However the Globl Experience Points are earned once you are complete the game, or die tragically. And fact of the matter, you will die. A good number of times. Depending on how successful you are in-game, these points add up, and when you reach a certain level, you unlock new characters and new Ironcasts, as well as other perks such as increased health at the start of a new game. The more you play, the easier the game gets, so dont fret if you feel you cannot beat the game. It will take time.Ironcast is a good game to pick up and play for a little while, considering the missions repeat themselves each day, and the fifteen in-game days isnt much, but the replayability is always there, along with the unlockables! Theres even a tutorial youre free to replay again and again as you start a new game, so dont just take my words of instruction when you have the chance to learn the game itself from there! If you are ever in the mood to don on your big boots and launch yourself into an alternate world of giant fighting mechs, give Ironcast a try! I believe its at a cheap enough price, and the fact that the game pushes you to keep playing because of how difficult is at the beginning until you get to a high enough level allows the player to appreciate what they got.In short? Its recommended."
76561198000000432,Not Recommended,327670,34688692,Posted: 2 September,all,ddg21,"It has everything I should like. Virtually everything about this game is great but the difficulty is absurb when you consider that the entire game is one big RNG. After investing and customising and tearing through missions, you can be obliterated just because no ammo spawns. Even with good choice of augmentations it's still far too common to be screwed. And as it's one death and game over I found  it hard to feel progress. Has Been Heroes does the global unlock thing much better, and in that game you lose relentlessly but usually deserved it.Even something simple like a limited use shuffle button or something would make it bearable. The AI gets two shots off pretty much every round, you will be exceedingly lucky to do so. I love fiendishly challenging games, but only when losing is down to me, not down to an impossible board."
,Recommended,327670,34786433,Posted: 6 September,all,Midnight Wander,The perfect game to play when you want to kill time. It's not a particularly complex game but it is more interesting than a typical match three since there is some resource management built into the mechanics.I recommend it but only if you are looking for something to kill time or to play passively. Maybe grab it one sale. but 15 bucks isn't too bad for what you get.
76561198013994481,Recommended,327670,34988840,Posted: 15 September,all,Korektor,"I'm not too sure what to think of Ironcast. It's a ""match 3"" type of game where you take 3 turns at a time connecting ""gems"" of the same color to increase your ironcast's stats.I've been looking at a new take on these games, mainly adding an RPG aspect to it like the ""puzzle quest"" series. But as it tries doing something different, it removes some of the fun aspects of both matching and RPG games. Once you die, you have to restart from scratch. Sure you get a few unlocks and global upgrades whenever you die, but it never feels like you're making any real progress. The matching aspect isn't that bad, but it lacks the satisfaction of stack combos other games provide.So it's hard for me to both recommend and not recommend this game. There are better games like this out there, but none of them have any steampunk mechs."
76561198053214743,Recommended,327670,34807812,Posted: 7 September,all,hockeysteve54,"A challenging rogue-like puzzle game that still rewards your progress even after you've been brutalized. And, you will be brutalized."
76561198035784812,Recommended,327670,34942319,Posted: 13 September,all,The Negromancer,"I actually like this game, even though it is a rougelite reliant on RNG, because:- When you hit the level-cap and have understood the game well, only the first few battles are RNG-Heavy.- If you strategize well, you will have consistent progress throught the game- If you understand your strengths and weaknesses at each stage of the game, you know which fights to take and which to shun.What I really dislike about the game, is that:- It really feels like a strategy game that is well balanced, but requires the RNG aspect to not be too short or feel boring quickly (could easily be fixed by creating a better mechanic)- While leveling and not having the level-based passive bonuses, the RNG-aspect is even more important for success.- The weird way the roguelike aspects are coded leads to the loss of all campaign progress (of a playthrough) if it freezes while inside a battle (happend to me, well geared, prefectly ready to destroy the final boss (like seriously, I could absorb all his damage for 2 out of 7 turns because of shield strength and had the strongest weapons in the game)), which is super frustrating after having sunk 2 hours into a playthrough!- Still not bad enough to not be recommended, but be mindful of the grindy aspect and necessity to learn underlying dynamics and mechanics of the game to be consisten.- Don't buy it if you want consistent strategy!"
76561198008448421,Recommended,327670,35426165,Posted: 2 October,all,Drizzt,Excellent time waster.....keeps giving you that bit more to come back and get that next achievement...good game
