user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,327740,15036690,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,LDSO,"Update:On June 30th, 2017 Disney finally released a fix for the issue that prevented the game from starting for some. But I'm leaving my review below intact.Before I continue, I want to disclose the fact that I'm one of the creators of the Killer App Mod for TRON 2.0. I've also owned the game since its initial release in 2003, and provided help and support to players during that entire time. So, my opinion on TRON 2.0 could be considered a bit biased.If you look at the negative reviews for this game, you'll find in the majority of cases it's not because they didn't like the game. It's because they couldn't get it to work. Giving a negative review for that reason is fine, and Disney should definitely fix the issue.It doesn't happen for everyone. But if it does, there's a community guide started by schmatzler that can help, with a simple fix. It also advises on how to play the game in widescreen, and even get the online multiplayer working again; both via the Killer App Mod.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=325088441For me, TRON 2.0 is a more faithful sequel than TRON Legacy. It was once considered the official follow-up to the original TRON film, as stated by director Steven Lisberger himself. It celebrates the geekiness of the original, with many puns and references to it.The environments in the game expertly balance the fine line between paying homage to the original film's neon glow aesthetics, while at the same time updating them and giving the game levels a more sophisticated look. The player's weapons are imaginative analogues to the standard FPS shotgun, machine gun, sniper rifle, grenade launcher, etc. But it's the iconic identity disc that is the most fun to use: being able to both attack, and defend (block) opponents' discs. Monolith Productions managed to translate the versatility and precise control seen from the disc in the film, to this game.Continuous FPS action is occasionally broken up with Light Cycle race sections, which again almost perfectly emulate what was seen in the original TRON. The AI can be a bit frustrating to play against, because of their insanely fast responses to the player. But, eventually you will learn how to deal with them, and they can be defeated relatively easily. If you find the races too frustrating, they can be skipped by saying ""No"" when the game asks if you want to retry. There is no score penalty for doing this, and you won't miss anything (cutscenes or rewards) if you skip races.The ending of the game is a bit disappointing, and leaves you wanting more. But it's the journey there that is the most rewarding. TRON 2.0 is a lot like System Shock 2, in that regard. Another game with a fantastic campaign, but an unsatisfying ending.The press and user reviews generally agree on a score of 8.4 (84/100), which I think is fair. If I had to give TRON 2.0 a numerical score, it would be a 9/10. It's not perfect or completely groundbreaking for its time, but it does what it does very well and is an overlooked gem of a title."
76561198038252089,Recommended,327740,12447173,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Saint Darksorm,"I played this game way back when I was bginning to get into games in my early teens. I was a massive fan of Tron and this Game was Tron on steroids! It was also the first FPS with RPG elements that I played, and even to date I still compare alot of games to it. Its decently long, challenging in parts without being too frustrating, incorporates lightcycle sections which I loved, has a expanded multiplayer in the form of the ""Killeer App"" addon which makes the multiplayer amazing, and is enjoyable by all ages. 10/10 in my books. I highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a good FPS expeerience, and to anyone who enjoys a splash of RPG elements."
,Recommended,327740,12879712,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Agent Cooper,"Fantastic, yet terribly underrated/overlooked FPS. Expect some light RPG elements, lengthy campaign full of large exploratory levels, variety of creative and fun-to-use weapons, and fantastic visuals that perfectly captured classic Tron aesthetics - even today this game can look absolutely stunning at times. There is also some surprisingly not-awful first person platforming, and few quite fun light cycle racing sequences (which are also pretty short and not too hard, so they won't be hindrance to anyone who is playing this purely for shooty part). Old Monolith Productions quality, through and through! Killer App mod is strongly recommended as it adds support for modern widescreen resolutions as well as numerous fixes & improvements."
,Recommended,327740,18230222,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Sevandres,"Tron 2.0Tron 2.0 is a very old first person shooter developed by Monolith Productions and published by Disney. Though hailing from 2003, it does have the necessary components that allow it to hold your interest even with todays gaming giants.A little bit of background; Tron 2.0 is one of several games I frequented as a young child in the early - mid 2000s. It was also the first game to introduce me into a beautiful world with a good story line, thus sparking my love for video-game lore. I thoroughly enjoyed this game, through out all of its flaws and perks and even twelve years later I still cannot stay away. This review may be a tad biased, but I also believe that reviews should reflect upon ones experience, whether it be positive or negative.As far as gameplay, it's not entirely up to par from modern games of today but it is not exactly lacking either. You have all of your basic functions; crouch, walk, lean over to the side, strafe and jump (There's no sprint.) Additionally all of your keys are rebindable which was a nice consideration. You do have a difficulty slider from Easy, Normal, Hard and Insane. Replayability shouldn't be much of an issue. Aesthetically the game does an incredible job of immersing you inside the digital world of a computer, from the sounds of your foot steps to the views of the many levels this game has to offer, and even as far as some of the termonology used in the games dialog.The sound track is amazing and as I've said it before and I'll continue to say it, this game by far has the most unique and nicest looking game-worlds of anything I have played to this day. I'm not sure about you, but I am a fan of the innards of a computer. Neon lights, blocks, digital bridges, circuit boards and all. I cannot help but stop and look around for a solid five minutes when I enter a level. It's just very pleasing to the eye, even if it is a world designed in the early 2000s.You play as a character who gets digitalized into a computer to fight off a virus. Your character can acquire build points to level up attributes such as health, energy, and processor (How long it takes your character to defrag or clean a corrupted subroutine). There are four types of weapons in the game, with three sub-types of those weapons to choose from. For a 2003 game published by Disney, I would not say the story is great, but it is not by any means bad either. It drew me in pretty easily early on, but I found it had some consistency problems towards the tail end of the campaign.Aside from the age and story, and lack of previous success in it's earlier years, another and perhaps more fatal flaw is that it's relatively difficult to get this game to work for Windows 10. I'm not sure about previous versions of Windows and other operating systems though, so I will focus on what I had to do to get Tron 2.0 to run on my Windows 10 machine.Before I get on with the how-to for Tron 2.0 on Windows 10, I will say that I recommend you to pick this game up. It's worth a run through the world to see the sights and hear the sounds, and a play through the story as well. It's relatively cheap, you can replay it easily at a higher difficulty, It's really a lot of good fun. Give it a go!There are two+one items you will need to download and install to get the game to run (Links at the bottom of the review until if and when I am asked to remove them). The first item you will have to download is a seperate launcher. Simply place the new launcher into the folder that this game installs to, replacing the default launcher, is all you need to do for the first step. Secondly there's an unofficial patch that you'll have install as well but it's nothing too complicated. Just download and run the installer, and you're done. At this point, you will be able to run the game, and should do so before you continue reading this review / how-to.Finally, there is an optional mod that gives you extra features, including resolutions for 16:9 and 16:10 monitor ratios. The mod comes as an installer and is relatively straight forward to use. If you choose to download this optional mod, you must be warned that it might hang up at a certain part of the install due to you having any logitech or razer software / driver on your computer running. I found the easiest way to get the mod to install is to restart your computer and boot up into safemode. Run the mod installer once you're logged in and you should be able to finish the install with out any further issues.LauncherUnofficial PatchKiller App Mod"
,Recommended,327740,32279948,Posted: 8 June,all,Sesser,"So I just finished replaying this game, and I have to say it stands out as one of the neatest games to have been made. The programming itself hasn't aged well, with the Killer App mod being basically essential, as well as a number of other fixes as needed to make the game run smoothly, but once it is running great, you're going to have a truly special game to play.The game is incredibly creative in its design, does a great job honoring the original film, and has such great atmosphere. You'll never play a game quite like this. I cannot recommend it enough."
,Recommended,327740,12453897,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,jssrfx,"I'm very glad that this is available on Steam. It's a superb game, even over 10 years since its release. I completed it twice since 2003 and I'm sure I'll complete it again. Especially if you liked TRON (the movie), it's such an awesome experience. Visually it's top notch and you definitely get the retro feel when you're playing. The atmosphere is authentic and definitely matches the movie well.The overall feel of being inside a digital world, or even a computer, is very well done. As with most games that contain a certain amount of RPG elements, you can gradually upgrade your character with ""subroutines"" that enhance your abilities. Unlike other RPGs though, you have to automatically re-spec  whenever you enter a new area (due to different memory requirements/allocations). This can mean that you might have more or less abilities to choose from. This is unusual, but adds another dimension in my opinion.The levels and puzzles are great and as your arsenal gradually improves, so do the missions and adversaries in form of the ""Kernel"" and it's clean-up routines. Essentially you can be a computer virus in an FPS game. To use a fitting phrase from the time of TRON's creation: ""That's just rad!""I do recommend you get the Unofficial 1.042 patch though (even if that is the version number Steam is showing, do still install it, it's different), and also the ""KillerApp MOD"". It adds additional options and provides current era screen resolutions among other things which you can choose during install. There are several websites you can get this, but a simple Google search will take you there. There are some very helpful guides here in the Hub that will assist you with issues. You can also play with your GPUs driver settings and add AA/AF etc. to  smoothen the game out further. Given the intended 70s/80s era graphics, the game almost looks current with those tweaks.As far as FPS/RPG games go, this is certainly one that should be in everyone's hall of fame! For the current asking price, on offer or not, you cannot go wrong."
,Recommended,327740,12445708,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Artyom Havok,"HOLY HELL! stop everything you are doing buy this! real review will come after the shock of how fast disney was at getting to us after we asked!This is a game i have played several times through on disk copies. After several moves i dont have the disks anymore sadly so its really nice to see it avalable finally for digital download.But seriously this is one of the best games i have ever played. FPS RPG elements amazing level design many various game play style though out the game. FPS action, areana combat, racing, and having to haul♥♥♥♥♥across a level durring a system format! This game is non stop epic! END OF LINE!"
76561198082455547,Recommended,327740,12880654,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Smokescreen,NOTE: I have reposted this review under the conditions that it has recived ratings before I had done my final review.First off please download the killer app mod along with the unoficial update. The game just is so much better with them.This game is just unique and amaizng. You play as Jet who gets sent into the Tron world and must find out not only why he is there but what is going on in the digital world. The music and sound effects are just fantastic. This game simply would not be what it is without the soundtrack. Most of the voices that you hear are very good especially the icp cernal. I am not really a fan of first person rpgs but this game is really easy to play. There are quick saves as well as autosaves at the begining of every level which help keep the game fair. The main weapon you will use is your disk which you can manipulate to bounce off of things and hit enemies in really interesting way. The story is actually really good which is surprising because the original Tron was not that great of a story. PLEASE GRAB ALL THE EMAILS YOU CAN FIND OR YOU WILL MISS OUT ON IMPORTANT DETAILS IN THE STORY. Some people say this game does not look all that good but in my opinion the graphics in here stand the test of time due to the unique bright digital look of the game.The game probably took me about 15 hours to beat even though steam does not have the time recorded due to me using the killer app mod to play. I played on hard and I would recomend you do to because it is just the right amount of difficulty without going overboard.I am going to share one of my favorite parts. MINOR SPOILER WARNING: At one point Jet loses his disk and must stealthly take out guards to retrieve it. This section is really fun and rewarding once you get your disk back.
,Recommended,327740,12464929,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,BarrybarryK,"A fantastic FPS from Monolith Productions (think Blood, F.E.A.R, No One Lives Forever, Shogo, Shadow of Mordor, etc not Xenoblade).  A critical darling from 2003 that, for whatever reason, failed to gain any sort of traction with gamers at release, it's one of the most unique FPS games you'll play, both visually and mechanically.It's pretty difficult, and hails from a time before checkpoints every 30 seconds, so be prepared to familiarize yourself with quick save (F5) and quick load (F9) keys, at least in the early game before your character gets fully equipped with weapons (primitives) and perks (called sub-routines here).If you decide to take the plunge on this one, I recommend taking the time to install the Killer App mod (there's a full guide in the community guide section) to enable widescreen support (and resolutions like 1920x1080) and force some AA through your graphics control panel.  In high resolution the smooth, sharp lines and glaring neon of the abstract TRON universe have never looked better.  Not bad for a game over a decade old!I genuinely can't recommend this game highly enough, and at a current cost equivalent to about two pints of beer here in the UK, it's an absolute bargain.  Also light cycles, nuff said.END OF LINE"
,Recommended,327740,12446268,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Vermilion Wlad,"This one is great, unlike the latest Tron game. A variety of weapons, upgrades, enemies and levels, decent length and humor makes this game not just a great Tron game, but also a great FPS/RPG on it's own!If you like No One Lives Forever, you'll definitely like Tron 2.0. Oh, and the lightcycle races are included!"
,Recommended,327740,13063139,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Dxeug,"Highly recommended;This is a truly classic FPS. I keep coming back and re-playing it every couple of years, because it had a mixture of really great game mechanics that few FPSen have come close to in subsequent years. As a bonus, the fact that it's set in Tron's computer-world means that, visually, the game has aged uncommonly well compared to its contemporaries. That world was so fundamentally fantastical to begin with-- lots of bright colors and stark angles-- and was so well presented, that even with modern eyes it still looksbeautifulbecause the graphics were never trying to be ""realistic"" even when they were state-of-the-art.Notably, it has some of the most satisfyingly different combat of any FPS I've played-- the basic disc combat is really fun, and the various other weapons and modifications you get access to as the game goes on add just enough mix-and-match to the experience to keep it interesting. If there's one thing I can say against the combat, it's that many enemies use discs, so you're encouraged to keep it primed as your default weapon in case you need to block. It's therefore easy to fall into the trap of just defaulting to disc combat all the time, particularly since the other weapons require you to spend precious energy to fire them. I also like the progression system. Your ""subroutines"" (equipment) take up space and each ""server"" (game level) has a certain configuration of available space for you to use, so there's an interesting subgame of fitting your subroutines into your available resources. It doesn't often become onerous, but it does reward clever allocation and optimization.It has the obligatory lightcycle matches, as all Tron games are contractually obligated to include. These are fun in themselves, but as a part of the game as a whole, they feel like one of the few weak points-- they're not very strongly integrated with the rest of the game and don't carry a lot of excitement for me. Still, they're not enough of a blemish to inhibit my deep love for the game. The writing isn't terrible, but the voice acting varies between ""ok but pretty hammy"" and ""obviously read flat off a list with no context at all"", which may be a bit of a put-off. As for the plot: I'm a huge Tron fan who was mildly disappointed but not completely put off byTron Legacy, and I feel likeTron 2.0has a much better claim to being a ""sequel"" thanLegacydid.I've only tried multiplayer a few times, with limited success due to technical issues, so I can't speak too much to that side of it yet. The disc combat mechanics have a lot of potential for multiplayer though, so I look forward to giving the multiplayer a proper spin now that it's on Steam.Last word:Everyone who plays first-person shooters should play this game at least once, because the unique game mechanics are well worth exploring. If you're a Tron fan or other nerdy type who will enjoy the goofy plot and tongue-in-cheek nerd jokes, that's a nice bonus.Last-er word: I want one of those lasers please."
,Recommended,327740,12458360,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,[SoDu] SentinelX,"I played this little gem the year it came out! Had a lot of fun with it and now that it's on Steam, it's back on my PC!Where to start: apart from the nostalgia, I played the single player story and the multiplayer quite extensively! The story is good, as to be expected. There's a lot of character development throughout the game and even now the graphics are still ok (not UT3 like, but you get the point ;) ). The multiplayer had an array of disc fights and lightcycle matches to pit players against each other, in an 80's TRON style!If you're looking for a game with a very decent storyline, good gameplay (now that i think of it, it's a bit a predecessor for Borderlands, with the character building and different styles of combat), and if you're just a fan of the original TRON film, then you will like this game!One con though: the game has no real save between levels, as the game world is ""one-piece"". You do load between some levels (mostly the different ""devices"" you visit) but thats merely to load new graphic elements. SAVE OFTEN!!!8/10 even now!"
,Recommended,327740,13273382,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,BeSerious,"One of my all time favorite games. If you're even remotely a fan of the original movie, this is a must play.They did an incredible job of recreating the feel of the film. The weapons are pretty cool, but you can pretty much beat the entire game just using the disc. (Which is awesome.) The light cycles can be difficult, but not impossible.There is an Unofficial patch for the game, which you can get on third party mod sites; as well as the Killer App Mod, which gives you updated resolutions amongst other things.I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,327740,12480620,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Mithril,"My god... is hell freezing over? This is *the* game I never thought I'd ever see again. This is *the* canon sequel to the first movie. Forget what Kosinski said about that crap (but gorgeus) sequel he did (I don't even want to talk about that horrible parkour game they call Tron Evolution) When this game was created, it was billed as the real sequel to the movie. And it shows, the story fits much better, and there is no reason this could not have remained canon (despite Kosinki being so full of himself, that he ignores others work. Plenty still considers this canon, and I am one of them) you owe it to yourself to experience it. This game is gorgeous. Imagine this game was actually released in 2003? That certainly does not show. I don't know of many games that have aged this well. The setting of the game is such that the graphics you'll see is exactly what you would expect. This is a good game, and yes.. it has drawbacks but hey.. it was released in 2003 after all. If you keep that in mind, your expectations will follow. This is one game I find myself keep getting back to.. over and over. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,327740,12672880,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Steppenwolf,"I have so long waited for this game to appear on Steam. And even with some flaws, playing this game again after so long time were the best 11 hours I put into gaming these days.The small bad things about this Steam re-release first:The game was only updated to make it runable on modern systems. No high resolution support, no widescreen, no achievements. But at least it got the Steam cloud support, which is nice, as this games nearly run on every old computer/laptop.Now the good stuff, that remains good ... even after such a long time:The graphic is still amazing and a really nice difference to all the other FPS out there. It got the 'Tron look' (the 80s one ... not the one from Tron Legacy) just right. The music and sounds just complete this feeling.The story is wonderful and this game is the real sequel to the 80s movie (no wonder with both scripts were written by the same person). Also the fun and inside jokes about the movie and computer stuff in general make it even better. Quote: 'Never send a bit to do a byte's job!'The gameplay is a nice mixture of FPS with some racing stages (can be skipped) and some RPG elements. It is a real fun to fight with your disc through all the levels. Sure, you got a wide variety of others weapons ... but whats Tron without its popular disc. ;-)So if you have no problem with some 'outdated' graphics, then grab this game now and don't wait for a sale, as it is definitfly worth its 10 €. There is also a demo out there in the internet, but I'm not sre, how well it will work on modern systems."
,Recommended,327740,19339350,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,The Hyper Zone ☣ ✅,"Welcome to the grid, user!Installed KillerApp Mod, now playing in full widescreen QHD, 2560x1440, game looks fantastic.Digitize yourself and derezz programs inside a computer. I am a true nerd."
,Recommended,327740,31776171,Posted: 15 May,all,Pakkidis,"Rating: 7/10Overview: First Person Shooter/RPGThe Good:+ It is highly recommended to use the Killer App Mod which increases resolution and widescreen support and makes the game playable on modern systems.+ The visual aesthetics fit perfectly with the theme of the game and universe and despite being almost 15-year-old game, still holds up well.+ The RPG mechanics are well done; Leveling up allows you to upgrade health, energy, weapon efficiency etc. You can also install perks (called subroutines) that grant bonuses like more damage, better defense etc. These perks can also be upgraded giving better stats.  You only have a limited amount of space to install them so you must pick and choose carefully. These perks can also become corrupted making them less effecting and requiring you to clean them.+ A variety of unique weapons, some of the more powerful weapons requiring energy to use.+ A very lengthy campaign that is held together by a good storyThe Average:+/- Certain mechanics are poorly explained in the beginning of the game+/- Some levels have confusing level design and it isn’t always clear where you are supposed to go.The Bad:- Certain levels can be very frustrating- Frustrating boss battlesConclusion:I knew nothing about this game going into it and I am pleasantry surprised how well this game holds up. A decent game for a FPS/RPG hybrid."
,Not Recommended,327740,18556010,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Raptor85,"First, let me say, Tron2.0 is one of the best FPS games of all time, this game is amazing front to back and it's art style stands up even today.  I own a CD copy of this game and when i saw it come to steam I picked up the steam version to add to my library and not need to dig out my disks and risk damaging when i want to play.The steam version of this game simply DOES NOT WORK, it's missing patches and requires starting both the game and steam as administrator to even play (which you DONT have to do on the cd version), so I'm rating it as ""no"" on recommended.   This isn't some indie game made on a budget of $50 and hopes and dreams, there is no real excuse for leaving it in such a sad state in steam. If the publisher ever fixes this i'd be more than happy to re-write this, but as for now most people probably could not even get this running on purchase."
76561198180286386,Recommended,327740,15801914,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,ShamanPax2077,"I have been playing this game since the week it came out, back in 2003. It was the sole reason I upgraded from an HP Pavilion 6746C to a DELL Dimension 8400. With all the patches and DLC this game comes out to 6.3GB. Back when this game was released, DVD-RW's couldn't even be used to store game files properly, and therefore, it was shipped on 2, 700MB, CD-R's. Needless to say, the data size alone is very impressive, considering your average game at the time was 2-3GB. My first playthrough of the campaign took weeks. 38 Levels of gameplay, in total, if i remember correctly. Not to mention about 20 unique Light Cycle Mode Maps, and an online multiplayer mode. Definitely worth the $10 asking price."
76561197980052798,Recommended,327740,12448122,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Avenger907.NL,"Damm it feels good to be back at those old familiar gaming grids. The disk maps, the lightcycle maps are brilliant. I loved this game for years and years till they dropped the main master server for the games so now you cant really play online multiplayer games."
76561198005886197,Recommended,327740,13269141,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,[BRO]GameMint,"Alright: Firstly after you check the forums if you encounter the 'Infinite Instalation loop' and fix your game you can get right into the meat of this thing.Now, a lot of people comment about how it doesn't live up to expectations, it could have been more, it wasn't like TRON Evolution. But I'm going to just cast all that aside and give you my honest opinion.If you lived around the 1990's, you know Duke Nukem, Eradicator, Heretic/HeXen and a plethora of other FPS Puzzlers. I would honestly say give this game a shot, there are hidden areas and finding the Build Points is another part of the challenge since there are -100- of them in the game.Moving over to the story aspect, you get new faces who are basically one-trick-ponies that appear, but you also get some memorable faces like some of the security programs (and yes I know everyone is going to make comparisons to SARK from the first movie) and another big bad who you should probably play the game to find out WHO they are. In fact: less that 2 minutes in and you find out who they are. Not a bad thing honestly, it helps you piece things together and the E-mails are another thing.RPG elements: You actually customize yourself, setup your programing and even give yourself more health, energy and so on. Though I think one thing that is kinda a downside to this is that your weapons (not all of them) use energy. So the same things you use to defend yourself you also gotta use them for treasure hunting. Okay, good and bad. Teaches a player to not go all willy nilly because they got 30 ammo boxes lying around.There aren't a TON of weapons but there certainly are a lot. Plus, it's easy to tell if you got too many corrupted programs and what not.Get this, and play this for yourself.This gets a 5/5 on my charts.The Controls are VERY fluid and having 3 optimized graphical settings is a NICE touch just to give us speed over it being pretty."
,Recommended,327740,14817948,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,pepsimanvsjoe,"Admittedly, my opinion of TRON 2.0 is mixed. Part of the reason I give the game a pass is because I'm a huge TRON fanboy. It's a shallow reason certainly, but what can I say? This game knows how to play upon my nostalgia.The plot is unnecessarily convoluted. There's a hostile corporate takeover, data-wraiths, algorithms, corrupted programs, tons of callbacks to the movie, and a lot of other nonsense. All you really need to know is that you're zapped into the computer world. This is a classic-styled FPS, with multiple stages, some exploration, and various equipment upgrades to collect. In keeping with the original movie's theme, everything is a reference to computers & the internet. One of the villains is known as the Kernel, you use a sniper rifle called an LOL, and...ugh...you get the idea.As with most other FPS titles, TRON 2.0 provides numerous weapons. However, they give you the best one right at the beginning. The disc works in just about any situation (even boss-fights), and it's entirely possible to beat the game using it. Get the sequencer upgrade and you can throw multiple discs at once, which is practically game-breaking. The rest of the weapons are usually situational, such as using LOL to protect a program from far away. Still, there is some value to trying everything out, because ammo is constantly available.Aside from the usual ""run around, collect keys, and kill stuff"" levels, there are also light-cycles. The light-cycle is based off of one of the mini-games from the arcade version of TRON. The goal is to make your opponents crash into your jetwalls. The differences (aside from better graphics and camera controls) include power-ups and some changes in the mechanics, such as speeding up when you're close to a jetwall. The AI tends to be amazing in their inconsistency. Either they pull off a wicked stunt and blow you away, or they crash into a wall when you're a mile away. All told, it's a good addition to the game. It provides a nice break, and doesn't become overbearing.For the most part the game is merely alright. The mechanics are solid enough and the levels are reasonably-paced. Unfortunately there are some aspects that don't really work. Take for example, the enemy variety. One constant that I've noticed is everyone attacks in groups. You'll fight some corrupted programs, and then some ICPs. You'll tangle with some ICPs, and then some data-wraiths. You'll attack some resource hogs, and then some ICPs. Each enemy has their own weapon, but they never mix things up. For example: you won't fight a corrupted alongside an ICP. There are story reasons for this I'm aware, but it makes for less intricate battles.Continuing on the issues with combat, I can't overlook that a large number of enemies, just aren't fun to fight. The corrupted throw around tons of splash-damage weapons that ruin your equipment, forcing you to run anti-virus programs to fix them. Data-wraiths are a nuisance due to their camo and rapid-fire weapons. There are also seekers that can hit you from anywhere, as long as you're visible to them. It's also unfortunate that if you can get the drop on a crowd, the battle is always yours. Prolonged fights are few and far between. This is also why I like using the disc so much. The disc-play is really well-done. You can block enemy discs, exploit openings, and quickly wipe out adversaries. The few boss-fights in the game are pretty weak, especially the kernel.Despite my issues with the game, I thought it was enjoyable enough. The music is really good, the visuals still hold up rather well, and a remarkable amount of love is shown for fans of the movie. However, you might not be willing to put up with a confusing story, somewhat dull combat, and potential quicksave abuse. The heavy fall damage and platforming can result in a number of cheap deaths. Treat this game as an experience and you'll derive a bit of enjoyment out of it. Just don't go in expecting too much.Oh and definitely grab the Killer App mod."
,Recommended,327740,15984481,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Jinsaku,"Over a decade later it still holds up. Tron 2.0 is one of the best FPS games ever made.Written in 2003, long before Tron: Legacy was thought of, this was the original spiritual successor story for the Tron universe. You follow and play at Jet Bradley, lowly developer at EnCom and son of Alan Bradley (Tron from the first movie). After the events of the original movie, Flynn has moved on to other projects and Alan has archived off the digitization process so similar events can't happen again. The Encom security officer, Thorne, contracted by a rival company FCon (Future Control Industries) to break into the system and steal the digitization algorithms are part of a takeover attempt of Encom by FCon. Jet gets caught in the crossfire and digitized into the system. What follows is a server to server hopping of over 20+ levels in an attempt to free your father and restore order to the systems.The only real negative is that Tron 2.0 isn't great out of the box off of steam. There are two patches to apply and make sure to force V-Sync *on* in game (I also had to force it on my video card) to prevent stuttering around enemies.Once the game is configured correctly with patches it's an FPS masterpiece. The game and story are very linear, but that's to be expected in an early 2000s FPS. The story and voice acting are quite enjoyable, as the music is top notch.In game, the progression has RPG elements to it as you upgrade your firmware to get better abilities, better weapons, etc. But there's only a limited amount of space on your disc so there's some give and take of what you decide to run as your loadout. It's a very well done system.Look for about 12-15 hours on a playthrough.Honestly, I can't really say anything bad about Tron 2.0, except that there never was a Tron 3.0."
,Recommended,327740,12457800,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,RTL Das Familiengericht,"Seriously, this game is amazing. Never heard of it before but as a huge tron fan I just bought it and this game just ♥♥♥♥ing emits the atmosphere of the first movie mixed with the game feel of System Shock 2 and the engine of No One Lives Forever 1 with a big flair of Jedi Knights: Dark Forces 2.This is just a good game.Never has downloading random junk and fighting bad programs been so much fun."
,Recommended,327740,13277941,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Dr. Device,"Tron2.0: Overlooked classicThis is  great game that had a lot of problems that wasn't its fault.   Beautifully rendered, fast fun FPS gameplay, and a decent story that felt more like the original movie than the sequel; it had all this.  But a buggy multiplayer and other sour notes marr this symphony.  Combined with the abrupt end of any communicaton with the developers, and it's understandable how 2.0 faded into gaming obscurity.  Now that it's released on Steam, do yourself a favor and check it out, because a lot of the limiting factors have been redressed by a dedicated team of modders to sworn to keep the game alive.  The Steam community has detailed guides on how to update the vanilla game and solve some potential first-time problems."
,Recommended,327740,17050491,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Arkhadi,"Greetings, Programs!This is one of my favorite games, likely to be in my top 5 if I had one, but what makes it so special? Personally, this game was my childhood. When I didn't even knew how to speak English properly, I was already putting my face in front of a fan so my voice would come out as funny as the programs did in-game.TRON 2.0 is an RPG'ish First Person Shooter with Occasional Grid Racing moments. You have 4 primitive weapons : A Disk, the ""Frisbee"" that can be used either as a weapon or a shield. A Rod, the ""melee shock batom"". Ball, the.. ugh, I never got what the hell was that, honestly. And a Mesh, the sub-machine energy gun. These primitive weapons can be turned into deadliest ones when upgraded, for instance, the Rod can transform into a sniper named ""LOL"", and the Primitive Disk can become a Sequencer...hence the name.When you find enough build points or complete enough objectives to level your character, Jethro (Jet) Bradley, you can choose to upgrade specs such as energy amount, hit points, weapon efficiency and others. There are also routines that you can find, upgrade and equip to enhance your character, making him faster, jump higher, having more energy to fire upgraded weapons, being able to see enemy stats, increasing overall damage, reducing incoming damage... there are a lot, trust me.The game is linear, the campaign has a permission system so you can only advance levels after obtaining certain keys and completing objectives, but each level is so well designed and entertaining that finding permissions come as something natural, not tiresome. Combat is fun and responsive with any weapon ( maybe not the ball... joking ) and some levels are more combat-based while others are slower, platforms or puzzle-ish. there are some Light Cycle sessions that blends perfectly with the story sequence, and you can launch these races from the Menu as well, no campaign checkpoint required, you can even customize your vehicle, color and model ( only two models by the way ).The characters are sure to be memorable, Jet and Alan do feel related, Mercury is forever in my heart, and Thorne... 10 Years later he still give me the creeps. You're not gonna meet too much programs (NPCs) here, but the one's you do, you'll remember.If I'm not mistaken, this game introduced the Glow graphic technology, so for today standards it might look a little bit too-glowish, but aside this and some low-rez textures ( again, for today standards ), this game still-looks-fantastic! Seriously, check my screenshots.Multiplayer is dead, obviously, BUT, there are servers up and you can easily search on steam forums for people to play with, it might sound silly, but blocking someone's disk and trowing another right at their face, NO BETTER FEELING. You must try it once!In short, this game may have been shadowed by other launches like Halo at the time, but it shines, and it does so much that I must tell you that if you're into Tron or anything-computers... JUST BUY THIS. It even has trading cards now!tl;drThe GoodUnique Visual StyleSolid GameplayCatchy Atmosphere1982's Movie ReferencesA True TRON Sequence & ExperienceLight Cycles!Super Light Cycles!!!Not that good...Requires Mod for 1080p support ( Try Killer App Mod )"
76561197994207480,Not Recommended,327740,12766785,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,pencilwhipped,"Without question, there was additional and sorely needed compatibility and technical updating work that needed to happen before posting a treasured classic,  like this game, for sale on Steam. Far more than what was done to it already. Constant and random BSOD type errors... all isolated to this particular title... all requiring hard resets. This was despite every  recommended 'fix' and 'workaround' listed in dicussion threads all over the web, including the big-gun fixes like the 'unofficial patch', and 'killer app mod 1.1'."
,Recommended,327740,12623763,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,ThatDarnOwl,"Tron 2.0 is a delightful game by Monolith, the guys who made No One Lives Forever, F.E.A.R and Aliens Vs Predator 2. It could in many ways be seen as the middle child between AvP2 and F.E.A.RWhile it didn't sell well and was canonically retconned by Tron Legacy. It is still a very well made first person shooter. The environments are absolutely stellar and have aged very well for a game from 2003, it really makes you feel like you're inside of a computer. Different enemies can affect the player in different ways. Viral enemies for instance you have to watch out for since they can infect your subroutines and force you to disinfect your weapons and abilities manually. The game is very well animated and each of the protagonist's weapons and abilities are upgradeable. Outside of just the first person shooter elements the game also has lightcycle segments just like in the film.Lastly, Tron 2.0 has very engaging multiplayer, which actually runs to this day thanks to a very handy mod called the ""Killer App"" mod. Which also fixes the locked 4:3 resolution and implements weapons that were restricted to the original Xbox version. I highly recommend Tron 2.0, it appeals to both fans of the movie and newcomers alike.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=331478944"
,Recommended,327740,12486962,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,schmatzler,"I can highly recommend this game, BUT: only after it has been patched.Disney released the game in it's original state - there are only 4:3 resolutions, Multiplayer is broken and other bugs are still present.If you patch the game with Killer App Mod and the Multiplayer fix, you will get a game like no other. The graphics are still state-of-the-art, the gameplay is mostly 1st-person shooting-related, but you can also use a disc to destroy your enemies and level-up with various power-ups (higher jumps, better attacks etc.).And the best of all: You are playing inside a computer! This game is what TRON Evolution could have been, if it was made right. Way better than the last movie, too.Follow this guide to patch your game:http://steamcommunity.com/app/327740/guides/"
,Recommended,327740,12454913,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Mazed Mouse,"I don't even have to play this on steam to tell you this was a great game. I played this when it was new.For those that did not know about this game, it is a FPS/RPG hybrid. At first I thought it would be wonky, but the controls and action are tight. The weapons are fun and unique, sorta, and the whole environment was a very nice replication of the tron world. If you have ever had any love for tron, pick this up now."
76561198005449863,Recommended,327740,28064853,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,thisserviceismadeoffail,"An absolute classic, certainly a must-play for Tron fans.This game perfectly builds upon the world established by the first film, and recreates the feel of the setting in a way you'd never have imagined possible for a game to do back in the days when the original Tron came out.It takes the original world and builds upon it with themes from shows like Reboot, itself heavily inspired by Tron, to flesh out the world in so much more detail, and even goes so far as to establish long-standing concepts in the franchise going forward, from the new bikes being a precursor to what we saw in Tron Legacy, to establishing the sickly green colouration with broken edges for virus-infected programs which has persisted in the more recent (And sadly far less substantial) Tron: Evolution movie tie-in game. The plot for the film even borrowed from Tron 2.0 in several areas.The game solidly utilises a lot of concepts which more first person titles have begun to adopt more and more in its storytelling and worldbuilding, and delivers things like emails, etc. in a way which perfectly makes them fit within the narrative flow and setting.Its character progression system is very well realised, particularly with the concept of memory capacity of the system a given level is set within encouraging experimentation with builds, such as when you enter a PDA and are suddenly limited in just how many skills you can bring with you, due to its incredibly low hardware specs not being able to run some of your less optimised software.The game is a core part of the Tron franchise, and sadly, like other great aspects like the animated classic Tron: Uprising, has often been woefully overlooked.And it has Bruce Boxleitner.Because of course it does.It may not be Deus Ex, but if you're looking for a first person game with more than just shooting, graphics which still pass the test of time due to the visual style they went with ageing well, with gorgeous audio, gameplay which is absolutely solid, with some replay value in the potential builds you can go with, and a story and world which capture the essence of what Tron should be  which so wonderfully immerses you in the setting - this is definitely worth picking up.But seriously, get it on GoG or something so you don't need to sort out the infinite crash loop on startup that it only has with Steam."
,Recommended,327740,12450943,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Brick,"This game is in my blood, my heart and my soul. There is nothing better in this world than TRON 2.0, to put it simply. Buy it, play it, enjoy it. This will be an experience like no other."
76561197983155187,Recommended,327740,15973713,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,MonkeyspankO,"Excellent retro game from the early 2000s. I played this back when it came out and it has aged surprisingly well.One thing, it is a little temperamental when you first install it. People have reported numerous problems running it. I had the infinite start loop, but I found that if you go to the game location and run the start file as administrator, it launches fine.If you get it going, you will be rewarded with a very fun fps game, but a pretty good character upgrade system for its day.  If you are a fan of Tron you will love this game. It has the general graphic feel of the movie (the original) and especially all the sound effects/music that really makes a difference.  The story is quite good as well and blends well into the gameplay.  Good voice acting in the cut scenes as well.Recommended for Tron fans and people who want to play quality classic games."
,Recommended,327740,12478180,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Syragar,"This game is amazing!  While I like Tron Legacy, I feel that the story in Tron 2.0 is far better.  I heard that the story in Tron 2.0 was originally going to be canon, but was then abandoned for Tron: Legacy.  In my opinion, this was a big mistake.If you like Tron, do yourself a favor and get this game!  It's a fantastic FPS-style game in the Tron universe with interesting ways to develop your character.  You gain ""build points"" by fullfilling objectives and finding hidden items... this serves as experience points.  Once you get so many build points, you go up a version number... which is like gaining a level.  Once you go up a version number you can distribute points towards your stats.You find downloadable subroutines throughout the game which are basically your skills.  You have limited space on your disk for installing your subroutines so you need to be selective of which ones to install.  You can install/uninstall subroutines as you wish, so you can adjust them based on the situation.  While fighting a virus, you can become infected if you are hit.  If your subroutines are infected, they can become ""glitchy"" until you use an antivirus to disenfect them.  Sometimes the glitches can cause some interesting and somewhat humerous effects.  But you need to disinect your infected subroutines as quickly as possible as the infection will spread to other subroutines.There's light cycles (the old style that can only turn at 90 degree angles), disc battles, and lots of modern computer lingo incorporated into the virtual world that gives the Tron universe a life like it has never had before.  I believe this game is a must buy for anyone that is a fan of Tron."
,Recommended,327740,12455994,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,✞ |-|3££ioT [] |2.!.P. ✞,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Poykl6vrlcsIn short, you start off as Jet, Alan Bradley's son, who ends up being digitized by his father's machine while looking for his father that went missing. Just like in the original movie, Jet discovers the inside world of a computer(reminds me of Reboot and Tron),I personaly love the movie Tron from 1982 and more so the game because the content is faithful to its origns.Visuals - 8/10 (considering this game was released in 2003)Story - 8/10Gameplay - 8/10Sound - 10/1085%"
,Recommended,327740,17129091,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Mistiry Shak,"I could go on for paragraphs about how once you get this game running properly with the community guide, it's an incredible experience, and how I've played it multiple times, but I'll just go for this:It's worth $10, its very enjoyable, and if you're on the fence about whether or not to buy this since some reviews state it won't run...buy it. The bugs are only an issue if you didn't take the time to look for answers, which are handily located in a pinned post in the Steam community for this game. The game is genuinely fun, and a genuinely good experience, and I played it before I had even seen either Tron film, so it's not something that only fans of Tron will ""get"". If you play it and don't like it, that's fine! Not everything is for everyone. But I highly recommend this title to anyone who thinks it might be fun. Because it probably will be.(Side note: The virus enemies in the game are really cool you'll love them)"
,Recommended,327740,31900730,Posted: 22 May,all,Nepgear ♥|Purple Sister|♥,"The best Tron game. Keeping to the old trippy neon virtual world shown in the classic Tron film but adding a new model of light cycle and new weapons. In this world you will fight against security programs, programs corrupted by a virus, users working for a rival corporation, and data worms which are technically viruses themselves. The disc has been updated with a newer and cooler design featuring the Triforce. A flying assistant runs you through the basic stuff but it is not a bit. It is a byte. Upgrades to your disc will give you different ways to handle each level. 0011000111/10 would digitize again."
,Recommended,327740,32958404,Posted: 28 June,all,Artificial Spookytonin,"A great FPS RPG set in the Tron universe. Combat can feel a little off, and some keys need rebinding, but it's an excellent game that still holds up. Contains all your favorites, like light cycles, discs, glowing neon lines, and luminescent skate helmets.And hey, until Tron Legacy came out, it was even canon!"
,Recommended,327740,22662909,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,iddqd,One of the most underrated FPS games on Steam. Just play it with the KillerApp Mod and you'll have a great time.
,Recommended,327740,12462703,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,KamiKazyKiller,What a classic game. Played the heck out of this game when it came out. Love that it is on steam now.
,Recommended,327740,29872014,Posted: 12 February,all,Junstatixxx,"After  almost 14 years, I've played this game again and man, this wasn't another case of a game glorified by the nostalgia, it's a game that legitimately has stood the test of time. It's a pity this game was so underrated and overlooked back when it was released.Installing the Killer APP mod is almost mandatory with this game as it fixes several problems with modern setups (as support for 16:9)PROs:Due to the nature of the art direction the graphics still looks fantastic even more than a decade later.Enjoyable plot. Characters with charisma.Good campaign with highly explorable levels.Good blend between FPS and RPGGreat variety of weapons.Character customization.Amazing soundtrack.A perfect tribute to the original film.Mercury is bae.CONs:Needs an unofficial patch and in some cases a bit of config files tweaking for running it on modern computers (nothing too hard tho). In some cases (the minority it seems) it might not even work.While the majority of the game happens on the digital world where the game looks amazing, you can tell the graphics don't work very well on ""the real world"".Tron Legacy removed any chance of this game from being canon :-("
76561198029852280,Recommended,327740,19961687,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Valtheknight,"TRON 2.0Better cyberspace than evolutionNormally when thinking about movie-licensed games, people tend to air on the side of caution. Several of said games are nothing more than cynical copy-paste gameplay cash-crabs to exploit the current movies hype and as predicted, these games are usually f""*king terrible.Now, what happens when a resourceful and experienced developer gets their hands on an old franchise and attempt to revitalize it? ""Why, such feat has never been accomplished!"" I hear you cry.. But, what if I told you it had been already done? Almost 12-years ago in fact...Personally I never owned the original release of TRON 2.0, but if I had the option I would have. This is a wonderful action experience faithful to its source-material, complete with hammy acting and generic plot.For some reason I cannot help but to love the art-style of 2.0, maybe its that colourfull low-poly feel that everything has. Much like the old TRON film, (Which I have watched and find decent.) there is a great deal of flat-colors highlighted with crisp straight lines of contrasting neons and the way that is represented in the game is equally nice. The added transparency effects and other details including glow and lighting, faithfully augment the art-style.However, I must not be blinded by the bug-light of pretty art-style, oh nonono... I must also talk about the gameplay, for this is an action-title. Therefore, talking to a length about it, is only logical..Well, the action in TRON 2.0 is very similar to Monoliths Aliens vs Predator 2. (One of my personal favorites..) On the fact that most of the weapons feel the same, the disc, ""rifle"" and ""shotgun"" to be precise. Don't take this as a negative criticism, I in fact enjoyed the familiar feel that I got from the weapons and with that was quick to adapt to their pros and cons. The most notable difference between the two games is that TRON seems to encourage movement around the area, when AVP2 (most notable on the Marines side) is a very narrowed linear experience.that freedom of movement is also seen in the levels, they are rather expansive for what they are and encourage exploration. However, in a very limited way. However, there seems to be only one way to approach the situations and with that narrow the players possibilities on engagement.In a few instances, the narrow passages became very crowded from the attacking forces and I died a few times. However after moving around instead of sitting on my thumbs up my peripheral-port, I finally found a way around the encounter. However with some scripted events, these little annoyances mount up rather hastily.In all, the action in 2.0 is very satisfying although a bit repetitive. Certain parts might appear impassable, but there are ways around it. But I'd still recommend to save the game at the start of every level, just in case something goes wrong or some valuable equipment is missing.Is there anything else to talk about? I can't really talk about the plot, since I'm doing my best to avoid story spoilers for those who want it in their games. (Like me) But, let's just say if you want a... hmmh... DECENT sequel to the old TRON flick, you can give this one a look. It might not be the best, but it's still better than the borefest of EVOLUTION...DEVOLUTION.. There, I managed to keep it in this far..RECAP:TRON 2.0 is an enjoyable little action title, even with its minor shortcomings. And manages to deliver a rather decent in-universe spin-off of TRON.For those looking for a worthwhile action experience, that gives the movie-licensed games credit. Have a look at TRON 2.0.:::::PREPARE FOR DIGITIZATION:::::..........:::::LASER READY:::::.....:::::FIRING:::::"
76561198107882088,Recommended,327740,14936622,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Chewie,"Its one of the greatest games i have played yet!!!! Unfortuntly it is a terribly underrated/overlooked FPS. You will find some light RPG elements, a huge campaign with massive levels, variety of creative and fun-to-use weapons, (like seriously the wepons are so well thought and well designed) and fantastic visuals that perfectly captured classic Tron aesthetics, even today this game can look absolutely stunning at times.I finished the game and now have applied a mod, the infamouse Killer App mod, were i highly recoment getting as it applies  the widescreen capabilities for ur screen.Great classic game. Rate 10/10 ^^"
76561198060941252,Recommended,327740,27048066,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nhaleet,"Tron 2.0 is a game that really has withstood the test of time, and I still enjoy it immensely.As of writing this review, it's $2.49. It's worth the 10 dollars that it normally costs, it's a steal now"
76561197985309041,Recommended,327740,19322381,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Jerad2142,I see why this game was rated as one of the 50 best PC games now...
76561198036237289,Recommended,327740,13277277,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,CaptainCarter,"Wow....I remember when this game came out, and my pc was not powerful enough to play it.  Now, quite a few years later, and with a decent pc, I picked this up for $5 on sale. This game is what a Tron game should be!  As soon as you start playing, you are immedialtley sucked into the original thematic world of Tron.The game is very representative of the feel, and overall vibe, of the first movie, and if you are a Tron fan...that is a wonderful thing.  The colors jump out out you in stark contrast to the background.  With all the details turned up, the light trails and glow effects look simply amazing, even by todays standards.Sure, it may nor look like the newest fps with dynamic environments, physics, and 9 million shader effects, but thats the thing....it isn't supposed too.  What it does is succeed where so many film themed games fail, it actually captures the feel and look of the source material, adding new elements to the world, but not diminshing the overall effect of being in the world.The visual style is what holds the game together, and walking around the environment is so satisfying due to the designs inspired by Syd Mead.  You can see his designs all around you.  Also, yes, you have the light cycles!  Not only do you get what I believe is the best looking and screen acurate model of the original bike, you get the new 2.0 version, which is pretty sweet.  The light cycles can be played as a stand alone game also, so you can't go wrong there.When you are playing you realize that it is a bit harder than maybe first thought.  You have Jet's identity disc, my favorite weapon, plus the rod, sphere primitives.  They each have pros and cons, and all recquire energy to use....except the disc!  Honestly, the feel of throwing that in the world of Tron, smacking a bad guy in the face and watching, and hearing, him derezz is worth the price of admission alone.  The visuals on the disc are spot on, with the disc leaving trails and then returning to you to thro once more.Speaking of derezzing someone, the sound design is freaking awesome!  The music is so evocative of the Wendy Carlos synth score, I could listen to it outside of the game, and the sound effects are perfect.  From the sound of your footsteps, to the discs flying through the air, to the deresolution of baddies, it is a large part of the overall success of the game as a whole.  Also, having Bruce Boxleitner do the Alan Bradley character is a monster plus for me.As with anyt gane, there are some downsides, but for me, they are very minor.  Due to the age of this game, there does not seem to be an option to get 16:9 widescreen.  But, that is a minor point, and does not detract form the fun. The only other thing that would be cool is third person view, but again, minor points. Overall, this game is a great fps game.So, is it worth the buy, even if it is quite a few years old? Yes, especially if you are a Tron fan.  Seriously, if you haven't bought this, just get it, it is the closest I think fans will get to being inside the world of Tron.  I'm so glad that I picked this up, it is one of the most satisfying games I have played in a while....thanks Steam for having it onsale...nice one!Best. Tron game. Ever.  (next to the original coin op and Discs of Tron!)Hope this review helps.Red"
76561197970078168,Recommended,327740,13461541,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,hermetico,"RECOMMENDED.If you've seen TRON during your early days and, you liked it, this game is 100% a perfect recreation of such a world.It has that retro-hi-tech look (as the film) and, even being old, still has its appeal and a nice playability (more modern games sometimes lack it!).I played it very long time ago and, I was wondering if I would find it good enough again and, yep, I still love it.I dunno how can it satisfy any others don't liking Tron, honestly but, I find it different to anything else and, a classic that still worths to be played."
76561198030560317,Recommended,327740,33060104,Posted: 30 June,all,Nagasadri,This game hasn't aged a day. I spent half an hour modding the game to run on Windows 10 and it was so worth it.
76561198027030669,Recommended,327740,12508248,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,CrashmanX,"Do you like Tron? Did you like Tron Legacy? If yes to either, I highly suggest you try this game out. Tron 2.0 is an alternate universe from Tron Legacy, the original legacy. In this parallel reality Flynn never vanishes into his machine and Digitization tech is a large focus for Encom. So much so a rival corporation, fCon, buys them out.Playing as the son of Alan Bradley, Jet, you have to traverse the innerds of the Encom systems and find out why the in-house A.I., Ma3a (based on Jet's now deceased mother), digitized you into the system.Really solid FPS gameplay, fun PC lingo nods, LIGHT CYCLES, and a truly beautiful world. I clocked in about 12 hours on the insane difficulty after having beatin it years ago when it first released."
,Recommended,327740,12710389,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Mcl_Blue,"This game is amazing! It blew my mind back in the day, and it's still great to this day! It's incredible to see how it still outclasses even modern FPSs, not to even mention the newer Tron games. This one's the real deal. And with the Killer App Mod, it gets even better."
,Recommended,327740,12528754,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Brian Reynolds,"Wow... what a grand day it is to have this archived on Steam!I'll tell you up front, -this is one of my favorite games of all time, and I played it to death in 2003.  Why should you care though?  What makes it worth playing nowadays?  Well, TRON 2.0 can be appreciated on two levels: first as a fully worthwhile sequel to the original 1982 movie TRON, and the second as a genuinely polished and entertaining FPS shooter.TRON 2.0 was released roughly coinciding with the 20th anniversary of TRON when Disney was testing the waters for how much enthusiasm existed for the property.  The greenlight for the 2010 movie TRON Legacy was still years away and so for awhile this game represented the only real sequel TRON was ever likely to see.  Fortunately game technology and know-how had advanced enough that this project could legitimately tell a movie-like story rather than consisting of just a series of arcade sequences strung out in sequence.  Considering the movie's age it's amazing this game was made at all, but even more impressive is just how dedicated the developers were to the concept.  TRON 2.0 is PACKED TO THE GILLS with love for the original movie, but never in a cloying, indulgent manner.  The developers' obvious respect and enthusiasm for the universe, dare I say it, glows in every story moment and visual idea.  The storytelling takes the computer fantasy setting and keeps the same balance of programmer nerd knowledge and general approachability while throwing in subtle nods to the fans (""You mind if I have some of your popcorn?"") along with just a genuinely fun sense of humor like when you start getting spam messages upon crossing over to the internet city or when you get to see an imaginative take on what certain computer actions look like from the inside.  The art direction takes every original design concept and expands on it tenfold in scale so that the world feels vast and beautiful.  There is so much imagination in the computerized landscape, architecture, clouds, and settings that your eyes will constantly be finding something fun to latch onto and appreciate.  I personally laughed in delight at the sly choice of a late 1970's color palette for the ancient Encom Mainframe levels.  The music takes the Wendy Carlos source and embelishes it with completely relevant new material and the sound effects are extremely faithful to the movie with special surprises like the Atari 2600 tank explosion sounds.  If I could boil the whole experience down to just one word I'd use ""FUN"", just like that in all capital letters.  I emphasize ""FUN"" because if you've seen TRON Legacy or played TRON Evolution you know how those experiences changed the focus to ""serious / thrilling"".The story presented here takes places about 21 years after the original movie completed.  There's barely a mention of the Master Control Program but lots of time spent developing the character of Alan Bradley and the relationship he has with his son, Jet, whom you play.  New characters are added throughout and these are the true highlights of the whole experience as I spent my entire time moving through the game to find out what happened to Ma3a, listen to Byte's sarcasm, watch with amusement the changes Mercury goes through, and to get a little more entertainment in seeing modern day Alan Bradley wearing the original TRON costume.  I was also very impressed by the breadth of the story being told and the cleverness with which the writers built your story expectations up and then played them out to differing conclusions such as when villains are revealed and then subverted, inverted, and shifted.  The game ultimately has multiple stories in play at once and each of them is given enough attention to feel satisfactory.  By the time the game ends you'll feel like you've never once been short changed... well, except for the VERY end where I felt the story ended on more of a primetime sitcom note than what the movie would have achieved.In discussing the gameplay, I'd describe it as an exploration game wearing the clothes of an FPS shooter.  Unlike many modern FPS games you're not hurtled through a linear experience at break-neck speeds and there's rarely ever a timer putting pressure on you to get things done as fast as possible.  In fact most of the game encourages, if not flat out requires you to scour the levels in search of a multitude of ""permission keys"" to unlock progress barriers.  This has the dual effect of giving you the chance to see all the nooks and crannies of a level while also reducing the initial impressive sense of scale.  There will always be some sort of opposition to your progress, usually in terms of combat opportunities but there's also a lot of platforming jumping obstacles which were less fun to deal with.  A few times you'll also encounter ""puzzles"" which don't take any mental leaps to solve beyond trial and error but they do serve to add some occasional variety to your tasks.  Movement speed is a little slow for my taste especially while engaging the opposition rendering it impossible to be agile and dodge much, but the slowness does help the exploratory vibe.  Combat offers a truly unique experience since your primary weapon is the iconic TRON disc which functions as a sort of guided missle pistol, meaning that you won't be able to do much rapid-fire actions and you'll actually be left completely vulnerable if you screw up and miss your target.  There are lots of other weapons you can gain over time but in practice I've found them superfluous since they use up your energy reserves faster than the disc and are more specialized in application while the disc in contrast is pretty useful under all situations.  On the note of ""iconic Tron elements"" you'll also get to take the controls of the Light Cycles at several times which is a double-edged sword here.  While the light cycle gameplay is exactly what you would hope for the experience also hails from the old-school ""arcade hard"" mode of play and quite often as a newcomer you'll make a mistake or be shut out without fully understanding what happened or how to avoid it.  The difficulty isn't game-breaking hard and you should be able to progress beyond them without too much hair pulling, but these sequences are disproportionally harder than the rest of the game is and so the developers patched in an option to skip past these sequences if you're too frustrated.A terrific addition to the game is the minor RPG levelling process you can undergo.  In keeping with the computer-speak the game is saturated with your character can locate different ""build points"" that allow you to upgrade both your primary attributes (health, energy, proficiency) along with your weapons, armor, and assorted enhancement ""subroutines"".  These improvements are dolled out slowly but surely and give you both a satisfying sense of improved capabilities but also provide a great incentive for you to go treasure hunting to seek out all the different bits per level that will provide the boosts.  There is even a bit of strategic thinking going on with the upgrades you can do to your ""subroutines"" as you have limited opportunities to boost these attributes based on your preferred gameplay style.  By the end of the game I had the unusual gameplay feeling of actually *BEING* a heroic figure whose abilities were demonstrably stronger than the opposition.  Ordinarily in games there's a disappointing level of progression in your character growth, -your skills and weapon abilities will definitely expand but so too does the opposition so that despite your badass development you might end up feeling weaker than you did at the very start of the game when you had nothing.  Not with TRON 2.0.  At the end I felt like I was truly more than a match for the opposition and that I wasn't just trying to get back home but I had an obligation to help the world by stopping the villians.I have so much to say I'll have to continue into the comments section"
76561198008062345,Recommended,327740,29289011,Posted: 15 January,all,MJJ,"Probably one of my faovite games. The setting is fantastic, the art has aged incredibly well, the characters are pretty engaging. I'm surprised this game doesn't get more recognition."
,Recommended,327740,27857852,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SHARD,"I played this game back when it was released after years of yearning for more TRON. It was all that I could ever hope for and more. It nails the aesthetic and feel of the movie while providing a visual upgrade, bringing the world of TRON into the new millennium.A lot has changed since the 80s. We have the internet, PDAs are becoming obsolete and the old mainframe systems are being phased out. All of this is reflected in TRON 2.0, providing a believable backdrop for a sort-of-continuation of the original story.While the story in this game is no longer considered canon, it's a much better sequel than the new movie. This will always be the true sequel in my eyes.The gameplay is based on first person shooter conventions, but you have a lot of different tools at your disposal. In addition to the iconic disk, which can be used both at range and as a melee weapon, you have a host of typical projectile based weapons, variations of these and subroutines that grant you special abilities (perks).The controls are sharp and responsive and help you feel grounded in the computerized world you inhabit. It controls just as well as any recent game I've played, if not better.All in all, this game is a fantastic realization of the TRON universe in interactive form. It has tons of charm and nerdy references and details, plus a great story that absolutely stands up to the original.If you're a fan of TRON, you have probably already played this game. If you haven't, you need to play this game.If you aren't familiar with TRON, I highly recommend playing this game (and watching the original movie). In doing so you'll be treating yourself to quite the unique experience."
76561198067802968,Recommended,327740,14982779,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Squiff Juice,"I was astonished when I saw this listed in the Steam store.  I played this game back when it originally came out and absolutely loved it.  I've been telling people for years how great a game Tron 2.0 was and how they were missing out.  This game is an absolute gem!Tron 2.0 kinda came out under the proverbial radar when it was released.  When it launched, it was reported to be an official sequel to the original movie and it was said to be from a script from a movie that never got greenlit.  First and foremost I must point out that this is NOT Tron Legacy so don't expect to see anything from there.  After the release of Legacy the game was deemed non-canon and shuffled away.  It is a real shame that the second movie wasn't based off the game because it was monumentally better.  Ironically enough, both could take place and it wouldn't need a lot of ret-conning but I digress.Tron 2.0 has you stepping into the shoes of Jethro ""Jet"" Bradley son of Alan&Lora Bradley.  Bruce Boxleitner reprises his role and actress Cindy Morgan (Lora) provides the voice of the artificial intelignce Ma3a who accompanies Jet through the game.  Additional voice talent is provided by Rebecca Romjin (Mystique of the X-Men trilogy) and David Scully (Sgt Johnson of Halo).The levels are beautifully done up and absolutely breathtaking.  Many features/concepts are updated for the times.  For example the Kernel is in charge of the computer system Jet first encounters.  There are also numerous easter eggs and nods to things from the original movie as well as poking fun at computers (IE at one point Jet access the internet and the screen starts filling up with garbage text until he activates a spam filter) which gets a laugh.Your character levels up as you progress through the game and you acquire new programs.  These programs can be upgraded and slotted to your active wheel at any time so you can adjust what passive/active abillities you are using whenever necessary.  Weapons in the game stay themed and are uniquely designed despite being obligatory sniper rifle, grenade launcher, etc.  These weapons can also be modified to accomadate different ammo types as you progress.  The most unique weapon by far is the Identiy Disc.  This iconic weapon when thrown will arc around and return on its own or be manually recalled by you.  This mechanic makes for some very interesting shots as you can shoot the disc off in one direction and recall it through enemies/walls.  The disc also serves as an all purpose shield.With a great story and breathtaking designs this is a game not to be missed.  The computer nods and jokes thrown in (IE coercing the assitance of a handheld's OS by turning on every feature to drain the battery) will make you laugh."
,Recommended,327740,27484902,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Samitchdoo,The only Tron sequel that is worthwhile.
,Recommended,327740,13268884,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,SDK,"One of the best FPS games ever made. Don't ask questions why , just buy it now!!!Edit: Just killed junkfilter.exe!! Whoop!This game is awesome.. Light Cycles are awesome!!"
,Recommended,327740,12452772,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,James CyberLink,"Arguably better than System Shock 2, though not as deep. Made by the same people who made No One Lives Forever, but with less stealth in it. You can expect a decent game here, no doubt."
76561198047838170,Recommended,327740,25809244,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,KingJ.exe,"Tron 2.0. The forgotten sequel to the original game. And just as good today as it was then.It's a first person ""shooter"" (your main weapon is a frisbee-esque disc, just like in the movies) in which you must combat an infection from the inside. Along the way, a whole new conspiracy compiles before you as you fight.The controls are pretty well done. Jumping can get difficult, but for the most part you'll be alright.It's gorgeous graphically, especially considering that it was made in 2003. You should have no problem running the highest settings.Pick up LDSO's guides and the Killer App Mod to optimize everything, and have a great time playing this game.End of Line."
,Recommended,327740,28052940,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Stilgar,"This is a little-known game from the early 2000's that was created before the official sequel TRON: Legacy. You play Flynn's son, and much like your father, you get sucked into the computer. This game is great. It's hard for me to understand how this didn't become a huge hit. It has a lot of callbacks to the original movie, good dialog and lot of great computer references and is just overall very well made. It has a bit of humor in it too, like how you have to find someone at the ""Progress Bar""."
76561197980864252,Recommended,327740,29911393,Posted: 13 February,all,DreadPirate,"Just finished replaying this game since I purchased it on steam. It still holds up as one of my all time favorite FPS games. Has a great level up mechanic akin to No One Lives forever (same studio). Nailed the original tron asthetic. Great story that fits right in with the 1982 movie.If you liked Tron or No one Lives forever this game is a must!I had to disable the steam overlay, it was taking a screen shot ever time i jumped. Pretty minor complaint."
76561197998701258,Not Recommended,327740,20464911,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Psygnal,"A lovely game back in the day. Not strictly canon, particularly with the Tron Legacy movie, but a nice little visit into the old-movie's version of the computer world.Unfortunately, whether it's the Steam version or the game in general, it's buggy as all hell running on Windows 8.1.Lots of crashes and control glitches.I can't really recommend the game just because it still needs work to bring it up to spec on more modern machines."
76561198125868835,Recommended,327740,23778554,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Ladyhawke ~SOG~,"THIS GAME IS AMAZING!...just don't buy it from Steam.No patches and no way to successfully download it. Steam sends you to Disney for support, Disney has no support and sends you to Steam to resolve it. nothing in community support helps much. It's all luck if you can get it to work.Otherwise, this game is a gem! I have it on CD Rom. It's the last game Buena Vista made and it's probably the best video game outside of Kingdom Hearts featuring a Disney franchise. This is how the Tron Legacy movie should have been. Amazing graphics, amazing world, a beautiful soundtrack, original voice cast, and to top it all off: guns. Guns in a TRON game! You even go back in time to a server from 1982. Get ready for awesome combat and light cycle battles! That is... if you can get it to work..."
,Recommended,327740,13934914,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Pawa,"Incredible story, very like the original movie. As a old school developper, every details of this game pleases me.Down with the MCP!"
,Recommended,327740,27709243,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Fox Mulder,"A masterpiece by Monolith, this game still holds up, especially with a little mod support.  The gameplay mechanics are simple, but well-developed, and the plot really feels like a true successor to TRON.  Highly recommended"
76561198113014119,Recommended,327740,25533425,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Shadow Ops,"Tron 2.0fast game with modern day graphics with easy controls that moves from location A to B to C and so on,good amount of action and special effectsgood game."
,Recommended,327740,12476843,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,AStainlessSteelRat,"I don't often bother to write reviews, but for this classic I feel compelled to.  With the Killer App mod allowing you to set your resolution to modern standards this game holds its own against most modern FPS'es.  Monolith totally nailed the visuals of the Tron movies and the intense fun of discs and light cycles.  If you have never played this classic, now is your chance, seriously, for the price you will not find a better FPS.  I would rate this just slightly below System Shock 2 as one of the greatest Sci-Fi FPS ever made.And before you ask, I have much more time played than what Steam lists; this is one of those games with a launcher ap that precedes the actual game, and once the actual game launches Steam no longer acknowledges it."
76561197985704187,Recommended,327740,13260810,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Michael Fassbender,KILLER APP.PERIOD.
,Recommended,327740,25717259,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,rms,"Tron 2.0! This game is 13yrs old! but looks and plays beautifully on modern machines, thanks to the 'vector graphics' artstyle, that's intended to look retro, and also to some dedicated fans and their unofficial patch & launcher (refer to the steam community guide for installation). I ran it at 1440p with no issues, and no glitches.Most definitely a platformer, and you'll be spamming the quicksave button -- I'd strongly suggest playing on Easy. But the real draw here is the writing. So many tongue-in-cheek computer jokes and jargon wordplay, that you'll be chuckling repeatedly, and there's a light-hearted tone that makes coming back for another gameplay session a joy. The musical score is also well-done. Highly recommended!"
76561197990235466,Not Recommended,327740,19976856,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Freddo,"Ignore the Tron: Legacy movie from 2010, this is the good sequel to the 1982 classic! This is a great game, and is still very enjoyable for being a game from 2003 and highly recommended if you like the original Tron movie.However, I still can't recommend this game here on Steam, unfortunately. It's a very lazy digital release made by Disney and it will not actually work without some tinkering which is fortunately explained on the Community page for the game.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=325088441Just buy the game from GOG instead.http://www.gog.com/game/tron_20"
,Recommended,327740,22246661,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Seanc821,"VERY enjoyable. With the new graphics and textures pack it put this game into my library and I thoroughly enjoyed the game. I'm a TRON fan so knowing about this story ""bridging the gap between the movies"" really made it worth getting when on sale.End of line."
76561197960302047,Recommended,327740,24385566,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,TheLastOttoman,'I will never drop a laptop again'- Jethro
,Recommended,327740,29080742,Posted: 6 January,all,misingleters,"Wow, this game holds up! Fantastic writing, great voice acting, excellent and varied gameplay, better AI than Bioshock Infinite. I've wanted to play this game ever since I read a 2002 preview of it in GamePro or EGM or one of those magazines from another lifetime. Grabbed it for two bucks, expected it to along the lines of Omikron or System Shock--fun and ""important"" but heartbreakingly outdated and not very fun to play. That's not Tron 2.0. Tron 2.0 is a surprisingly modern shooter with lightcycle combat. Come for the Tron nostalgia and computer terminology puns, stay for the disc-throwing, lightcycling, and level design.The only issue with it is that it's tricky getting the game to run (run Steam in Admin mode, then double-click the icon Tron-Launcher in the steamapps/common/tron2.0/ folder)."
,Recommended,327740,29864251,Posted: 11 February,all,AceGoibniu,"I found this to be a very fun game. I liked the story and the upgrading system.Another example where Monolith does one of the best jobs that I've seen developing 'non canon' stories on popular franchises. Maybe, you're even aware of how slippery the slope can be with many rushed-to-market attempts, trying to cash in.You probably won't like it if you don't like games with dated graphics or you dislike anything Tron. Although, I enjoyed it even though I wouldn't consider myself a tron fan."
76561198051378539,Recommended,327740,23331617,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Wedrujacy,From time to time I come back to that one... as due to sentiment to original story as also due to way how world of Tron and plot was transfered into the game.in plus:- good plot- good mechanic- playable few timesin minus:- have not? :)
76561197976614154,Recommended,327740,24199902,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,bbfloyd,"I played the original, and I am quite impressed with how well the game has aged with the Steam release, although with a little unofficial support for widescreen, thanks to long time avid fans that keep the links alive. Still a great title with a great skill tree."
,Recommended,327740,25741625,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Eschaton Monk,"Despite age and a story that has been rendered non-canon with the release of Tron: Legacy, Tron 2.0 still shines as a modest and fun shooter with interesting mechanics. The boss fights are a bit lackluster, and it is based on a franchise that has always been more of a cult phenomenon than mainstream, but this does little to detract from the fun, fast-paced gameplay and exploration. Like most games it's age, multiplayer is depopluated, so it's unlikely to last beyond the single-player experience. Don't let that deter you though. This is well worth your time and money!Pros--------------------------------+ Fun, Creative Combat+ Solid Story+ Decent VisualsCons--------------------------------- Annoying Boss Fights- Largely Defunct MultiplayerRead my full review here:http://www.keengamer.com/article/14195_tron-20-review"
76561197992229015,Recommended,327740,35111644,Posted: 21 September,all,Dire,"Warning: The game is supposed to run fine on Win 10 now, yet there are multiple instances in the game where the frame rate will just drop abysmally due to an AI issue (as far as I know the AI tries to locate you when you attack it and this can cause to these drops). Apparently this has always been the case. You can just google it. There are some ""fixes"" for it online, but none worked for me. This makes playing on anything but easy completely pointless in my opinion, since your main weapon requires precise aiming. It's also just not fun, so consider that before you purchase the game.On to the actual review: Apart from the problem above the game runs absolutely fine and offers some of the best stuff the FPS genre has come up with. It completely sticks to the theme of you being inside an actual computer. That means that all the terminology and all the game's gimmicks have been adapted to fit that theme. For example you're collecting build points to improve yourself, the user. You need to aquire a certain number of build points to get to a new build version, i.e. a level up and so on. You'll also not use weapons and skills, but systems, which you can aquire in containers or from enemies. These also come in different release versions (alpha, beta, gold) and need to be slotted into your character, while the available slots change with each new level. There are systems for quieter walking, higher jumping, getting a zoom function, a sniper rifle, a ""shotgun"", etc. However, it is perfectly viable to just use your main weapon, the ""disc"" throughout the entire game. It is also the only weapon that does not consume energy and energy is important to download new systems, emails (only for fluff) and permissions, which you need to open doors, activate switches, etc. They've really made it feel like you're actually in that computer.Other highlights are the level design, which is vastly different each time, and the pretty good music. Yes, the graphics are a bit outdated, but also kinda timeless. Fighting against the ""Kernel"" and his programs never gets old. The further you progress the more difficult the enemies become. There aren't a lot of them in total, but anti virus programs, corrupt programs and resource hoggers all fit the theme and all behave differently.The game also features some light cycle passages, which are, frankly, unplayable due to the non-fixed camera. Controlling the camera with the mouse at such high speeds while making frequent turns and having your view obstructed by structures just makes these all but impossible. THANKFULLY you can skip these parts of the game after you've died about 3 times. The game will just nicely ask you. Which is great, since, you know, light cycling has nothing to do with an ego shooter anyway. It's great that they're in the game, but the implementation is really bad.Apart from that I can't really say too much negative stuff about the game. Maybe the difficulty is a bit too high, even on easy, since enemies still do a ton of damage and the game is not really comparable to other ego shooters. Think about your main weapon as a slow moving projectile that returns to you when you hit something, but flies off into the nether if you miss, meaning you have to wait an eternity to get it back...Switching weapons also takes an eternity and like I said, using the same resource for weapon discharge as you need for progress in the game seems rather stupid.The story, on the other hand, is nothing to write home about. It's bland and it's presented in an even blander way, but the setting at least makes up for it.For 10 bucks, however, you'll easily get 10 hours of fun out of this old classic. And there's always discounts."
,Recommended,327740,14083215,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,💷💷💷💷💷,"Tron 2.0 is one of my favorite old games. I lost my disc, but the steam version accepts the killer app mod more readily, so it all works out.If you've never played Tron 2.0, it's basically a direct sequel to the movie (both were written by the same guy, though Disney retconned 2.0 to be non-cannon so that Legacy would fit in.) The story is pretty good, and for someone with a little programming/networking in their background, the jargon is also entertaining.If you've never seen Tron, go watch it first. It may not age well, but it is a classic, and 2.0 makes several callbacks to its predecessor that are good for a few laughs.If you're wondering about gameplay, Tron 2.0 is an old game that plays like Quake III, except with disc (lazer frisbee) weapons. The lightcycle stages are equal parts frustrating trial and error, and lightning reactions.I love this game, but there's a lot of ""where do I go now"" and ""****! So close!"" for new players. All in all, the story is the best part of the experience. I recommend it, but you might want to play on easy/with cheats/quicksave a lot if you're easily frustrated."
,Recommended,327740,13648104,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,DV8ER,"Tron 2.0 is a fantastic game!  I have purchased this game five times now, I purchased it when it originally came out and loved it so much I wanted to ensure I had extra copies of it and wound up finding a great deal on Amazon.  I was even more stoked when it was released on Steam.  This game is one I’d strongly recommend picking up and you won’t be disappointed.  Released in 2003 and it’s still an awesome and relevant game."
,Recommended,327740,19298030,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Servo the Husky,"Best Tron game I have ever played, just wish the mulitplayerr was back"
,Recommended,327740,24527442,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Poorkidd,"Loved this game when it was released, and it is still a great game! Brought back some good memories, and it's TRON FPS with data discs! If you even kinda like TRON the movies you will like this game!! Recommended!!"
,Recommended,327740,28246068,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,InfectedWizard,This is a fantastic game. I had a lot of fun playing this game. It is worth the $10. The multiplayer didn't work for me but that has never been an important factor to me. If you are even a slight fan of the movies this game will be lots of fun.Good luck out there Users!
,Recommended,327740,13727642,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,dark_sab3r,"Buy this instead of the latest Tron game, you wont be dissapoint."
76561198058414850,Recommended,327740,14643475,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Airpyr8t,This game features Solid First person shooting and light cycle racing action that is about as close as you could possibly get without actually geting ported into the digital tron universe for real as in the movies. The atmosphere was very true to film with an immersive story that supurbly fit right along with the original films plot. Contains  RPG style player upgrading and a robust multiplayer to keep any fan entertained for hours. Although an older game it runs  excellent on current and top of the line systems and with the easily found 1.042 update and 1.1a steam compatable killer app mod it can also be played in wide screen on most modern monitors and TV's at most preferred resolutions. Now that it is also direct x 9 compatable means you can also play it in 3d. A MUst have for any Tron or First Person Shooter Fan.
,Recommended,327740,13517145,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,GordanFreeman23,"Just happen to check through the winter steam sells and saw that this had been added to steam! This was an amazing game when I was a kid and it still holds true to that. The level design is amazing and the sounds are great too. The technology atmosphere really immersee you and all the computer talk really makes it awesome too! This is a must buy for people who are fans of the moives or just fans of RPG's in general. Get the Killer App mod for this game, the mods fixes up the game and even adds some stuff from the console version. The mod also makes the game playable in Widescreen! 10/10 for this one folks!"
76561198043285599,Recommended,327740,22572917,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Start_Running,"Game rocks! Why haven't you bought it yet?!All joking aside this is a prime example of how a movie franchise game can enhance and outright enrich the franchise. This is a movie/franchise tie-in game done RIght. Consider this the Gold Standard.Pros:- Graphics are a bit dated  but on the flipside the sylization means it fits the aesthetics of the franchise perfectly. If you've seen the movie tron, this game is a pretty seamless translation. And yeah I know they went this way primarily to get around the rendering engine limitatrions but it worked.- Music fits right in. The sounds are great.- Gameplay rewards exploration and tactics.- DISK COMBATCons:- There are glitches.. pretty nasty ones. Like Build Notes disappearing if you happen to die and quickload at the wrong time.- A few others as well. It is surprisingly easy to screw yourself over with the point allocation.- The stages are broken up  which means loading and  many points of no returnAll in all this game is a solid addition to the library of any tron fan or FPS/RPG afficionado.  Seriously. This thing is like an upgrade to system shock 2 interms of the playstyle and many of the mechanics. Plus it is,  in my vaunted opinion, the first and thus far only Tron game to truly capture the spirit of the original film."
,Recommended,327740,13412750,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,HeavyAl,"Great game. Simple, to the point. A decent story, if a bit short."
76561198014262948,Recommended,327740,12464948,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Eviscerated,"Definitely one of those gems that can be easily over looked.  I've read that a lot of Tron fans, hated the game.  I was born in that era and love the first Tron film (the second was ok, but a missed opportunity), and I love this game as well.  As far as game play goes, it reminds me a whole lot of No One Lives Forever and Dark Forces II: Jedi Knights, but in the world of Tron.  And in my opinion, they recreated that world exceptionally well.  I also enjoy the skills that are available, and the skill progression is good as well.  I've also read that the light cycle part of the game was impossibly hard.  Maybe they nerf'd it for the steam release, because I didn't find it hard at all.  Then again, I played the heck out of light cycles on the original Tron arcade game.  That was hard.All in all, a very enjoyable game, especially if you enjoy games like I mention above.  Certainly worth the $10 it's being offered at.--  Update:  Ok, I've just finished this game, putting in over 30 hours and let me put this simply.  If you've ever as a kid (or even as an adult), watched the movie Tron, then went around holding a frisbee just hoping for a chance at a light disc battle, do yourself a favor.  Stop reading right now, go buy this game and play it.  You can become a disc wielding god of derezzolution!  I really can't put into words how much enjoyment I got runnning around the levels just looking for a fight to pick, which there was plenty of, but also some quieter areas to allow you to enjoy the beauty of the world that was created.I have read some comments about a lack of updated texture packs, or lack of anti-aliasing.  Graphics make a good looking game, but it does not define a great game, in my opinion.  The enviroment felt believable (in a 2003 graphics kind of way) and enjoyable.  I felt as though I had been pulled into the Tron universe.  The only time that illusion was broken for me, was during the light cycle levels, where the camera retracted to a 3rd person view.  However, I did discover the 1st person view, and that immerson returned, but it does make those levels significantly more difficult to complete.  I stayed in 1st person view for the light cycles for the remainder of the game, and it was FAR from the impossible it was described as.  Maybe we have gotten spoiled as gamers, or maybe they really did nerf the levels.  In any case, I enjoyed the light cycle portions enough, that I made special save files for the sections right before the light cycles, so I can play them again.I don't give 10//10 to anything.  For me, that would require perfection, which would be nearly impossible.  I do however, in all seriousness, give it a 9/10.  To put that into perspective, here are some other games I would give 9/10.  Crysis (the first one), Morrowind, Bioshock, Mass Effect (the first one), GTA: San Andreas, Saints Row: The Third, X-Com (the 1994 Original), Wing Commander (the original.. very dated controls and graphics, but very immersive for it's time) Star Wars Dark Forces II: Jedi Knights, Star Wars Jedi Knights: Jedi Academy, No One Lives Forever.  There are others, but hopefully this gives you an idea of what I like.  These games bring me back to them over and over again because they are just purely fun to play.  I will definitely play this one again, once I've convinced my family I'm still alive."
,Recommended,327740,13231011,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,mech788,"Get this game now! Dunno why the Tron fans didn't like, maybe cuz of the shooting.  Which there isn't much of.  Its more about the discs and light cycle gameplay blended with rpg elements.  One of the firsts in its time."
,Recommended,327740,12459217,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,firefLY,"Buy this game. Play it. You are welcome.Still great, passing time test.Rich story, nive rpg element, beautiful design, addictive gameplay, lightcycles!"
,Not Recommended,327740,16713286,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,GKar,"Does not run without giving it additional admin rights and renaming a batch script. Also does not work on Widescreen without installing additional community patches. I just requested my first refund.If I need to do all the patching myself, I don't need the Steam version, I could also use the old DVD."
76561198295697749,Recommended,327740,29538343,Posted: 28 January,all,D312120,Good game
76561197968331161,Recommended,327740,20761595,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Danger,"This is an old school fps, it has a good story feel and is funa nd interesting to play, least for someone who liked the orginal tron movie (Pretty sure this game came out before its awful movie sequel)"
,Recommended,327740,20157400,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,moretsu2005,The installer for this is completely messed up.  It goes into a loop that just keeps re-running the install routine.  PLEASE - SOMEONE TAKE NOTICE and fix it!!!
,Recommended,327740,27606159,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Damnation,"""Best game from my childhood."" -DamnationActually though, 10/10, fantastic game."
,Recommended,327740,24193586,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Druaightagh,A fun action rpg lite FPS that you'll enjoy that bit more if you like the Tron movie/s.
76561198118184356,Recommended,327740,13325871,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Akira Matsuo,"What can I say, its tron. and i must admit even through all the dying the over all feel of the game is that of the original movie. I love being able to control my disk and have the options to customize the loadout.  I also really enjoy the different ways you can decide to play. Are you stealthy? How about gung ho? perhaps your analytical or just wish to have fun exploring, either way this is an amazing game"
76561197996124118,Recommended,327740,13382162,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Bloopy,"This game is magnificently retro and not difficult to play. Sometimes it feels like a weird game of neon frisbee golf in a night club, though the light cycle portion had me on the run. I like the straight forward ""old style"" approach as a change of pace then dealing with 130 AI's in a game. Basically pleasant gaming that will not take months to complete, with no blood or demons to deal with (which have their place mind you) this is a great out of the oridinary escape for all."
,Recommended,327740,14259444,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Zrie Prakis,"This had my attention from launch. The plot is still really good, the gameplay has some real length, the combat is satisfying, and the graphics were great for the time.  Now, though, many small things plague this game: 4:3-only resolutions, over-accelerated movement, and annoying screen glow just to name a few.  Some can be turned off or reduced by the options menu, others need a patch and the ""Killer App"" mod.  The mod introduces a few quirks of its own which they've promised to fix.Still, this is a great ride if you're willing to put up with the quirks.  If you were ever a fan of the movie, this is a must-buy."
,Recommended,327740,27347922,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mozoa,"Now, this is a bit of an oldie. Basically, spend some time installing the unofficial patch and Killer App mod and you could have a great time with this."
76561198099609402,Recommended,327740,27707787,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,xkncrash5,Old school games for the win
,Recommended,327740,13380825,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Atlaimond,"It's a fantastic game. Fantastic view, atmosphere and music. The developers have done the great film adaptation.Some people are disliking these things. But if you have seen the 'Tron' film and you liked it, then this game is what you want.Good things:-Fantastic film adaptation.-Playable game.-low hardware requirement.Bad things:-I had program crash few times when I'm using the Steam browser.-The server browser didn't work for me.I recommend this game for all who have seen the film and liked it."
76561197961416332,Recommended,327740,18498426,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,007Bistromath,"Copied from my review series.Did I finish it: Yes, some years ago. Replayed recently, but haven’t finished yet.Yes, it’s old. Doesn’t matter, you can still get it on Steam, and I have it installed. That’s the list I’m starting this series with, just for lack of better ideas.My feelings about this game are kind of mixed. Before this one, if somebody had told me there was going to be a sequel to a movie I liked, but it was going to be a videogame, I’d have vomited blood. Movie/game tie-ins that respect neither medium are pretty common, and back then it was normal to believe it impossible to do better. To go as far as making an actual sequel would seem preposterous. By using a franchise where it seemed natural to try, they made a good game and paved the way for other people to try it with other properties. It’s fair to call it a classic on this basis. On top of that, it certainly had excellent graphics for the time, as evidenced by the fact that back then, I had to upgrade specifically to play it. That presentation has aged very well, aided by the style inherent to the series and an excellent fan-made upgrade, which is a necessity if you want to play today.*Despite that, I’m not sure how vociferously I’d recommend somebody who doesn’t have it to buy it now. If you’re a fan of the series, definitely do it. I love Tron: Legacy, but this is what the original’s creator intended the sequel to be, and it has more soul if you ask me. Even if you’re not attached to Tron that much, the setting is beautifully interesting and the story they tell in it is good, if you can stomach all the corn the dialogue and its somewhat flat delivery will force you to eat.The trouble (which some might see as a bonus) is that its gameplay is representative of the period. Regardless of how pretty the graphics were, gameplay in FPS got stuck for a while after Half-Life. Everyone knew Find the Key maze shooters were dead, and were trying to jam in-engine story presentation in at the same time as they were struggling with what to do next in terms of game and level design. Between that and the characteristically dumb AI of the time, the result was an odd mash of jumpy arcade action, (which I’ve always had a smaller appetite for than most) frustratingly Xen-ish platforming, and not-criminally-bad stealth opportunities. Tron is just such a transitional work, so if you’re not nostalgic for Goldeneye, you won’t enjoy it the same way. I think it’s worth playing even by modern standards, mind, it’s just that how much you’d be willing to pay might be affected by that.Bottom Line: $30 for me, $15 if you’re not a fan or supernerd.* If you get it, you’ll need the Killer App mod to get it working on modern systems."
76561198184733017,Recommended,327740,30758773,Posted: 26 March,all,edocnoen.v1.0,"Must have title.as much as i like tron evolution's style of gameplay,  I wish it had the tron2.0's FPS aspect blended with the platforming sequences.that being said both titles are awesome and deserve to be played.If you love the original tron movie then this should appeal to you.### please read LDSO post about getting this game running if you anticipate issues ###end of line."
,Recommended,327740,30676614,Posted: 22 March,all,Gnome,"*Gnome Seal of Approval*This remains as one of my favorite FPS games.Due to its age, there are a few hicups to get it to run for some people. However, there are guides here on Steam that lets you solve all major problems.The story revolves around Jet, the son of Alan Bradley (the creator of the Tron program), who gets caught inside a computer system. This happens just as Encom is subjected to a hostile takover by fCon.The gameplay is excellent and has light RPG mechanisms such as leveling up to increase your health, energy, weapon effectiveness, etc.The game is also aesthetically pleasing both visually and in sound design. There are also some fun references to the classic 80s movie.I played this a lot back in the day and replaying it now I can say that it holds up quite well.The light cycle mini games could have been done better, but they can be skipped."
76561198083684029,Not Recommended,327740,13373536,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,It's_Okay_McKay,I keep reinstalling it but im stuck in an endless loop with the Tron Launcher. PLEASE FIX!!!
,Not Recommended,327740,14716229,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Topinio,"Will not even install/launch and is (separately) detected as a trojan by several antivirus products. A complete rip off.I read the reviews before purchase but not the community page, suggest you do too.""Unofficial patches"" from third-party websites are needed to make this game work, so even if you don't believe your anitvirus and think Steam wouldn't sell you malware, you still need some random .exe to get what you paid for.  A complete con.Valve don't refund, neither will Disney.The 5 minutes I've logged as ""played"" have been entirely clicking Install, typing my password into the UAC prompt 32 times while it infinte loops (not bothering after the 3rd launch attempt), closing the Windows ""Tron Launcher has stopped working"" message every time, all in order to reach the required 5 minutes ""played"" and be able to leave a review.Caveat emptor!"
,Recommended,327740,12862704,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,dredgeho,It's a fun for a while but I hate platforms/falling off edge games.  And this game has way too many platforms.  Puus you have to quicksave manually every two seconds to avoid having to repeat something you just did.  There are some cool features and the graphics aren't too bad for Tron.  And there was no worm in Tron.
,Recommended,327740,12495751,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Cyclopentanoperhydrophenanthrene,It has light cycles. 10/10
76561198101096187,Not Recommended,327740,21060300,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,ibeez,all it does is crash
,Not Recommended,327740,20468048,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Sikosis,Doesn't run
76561198028678769,Not Recommended,327740,19408353,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Kyle,"I've always enjoyed Tron and it's /style/, and the prospect of a FPS Tron game sounded really cool to me. Unfortunately, this PC version is absolutely ancient and is impossible to play without a hearty amount of mods and patches. It took about half an hour to get this game to work, and when finally did, I wasn't impressed. This game has some visual similarities to Disney's original 1982 classic, but it makes my eyes bleed. It's so bright and the colors so off puting, it's a real headache. The tutorial is one of the worst I've ever seen and the dialogue is excruciating. The combat is alright, but from what I played, it wasn't worth it."
,Recommended,327740,13056983,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,MINT COLLIE,"i loved this game on the xbox, but i could never get verry far in it because i was a stupid dumb kid.but now its been re-rezzed on steam and now i got to the first boss :D10/5 ign "" its ok""3spoopy911me"
76561198002009022,Recommended,327740,14122293,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,ZarquonReturns,"Mild-to-medium level recommended. Great world building and visual design. More true to the original Tron than the movie and cartoon sequels, definitely.Too bad disc combat is for the super twitchy. I ended up quickload-dragging myself through this on easy and with cheats, because I found it impossible to block enemy shots with the disc block maneuver (right-clicking through a weird lag). The sound, visual animation, and actual effective timing of the block motion seemed to be completely independent of each other, making this essential combat maneuver impossible to pull off. Was the original Windows installable release like this?I'm recommending this game primarily as a wonderful color-burst of nostalgia. And godspeed to anyone who can pull off the disc block. Maybe you can actually play through the game as the developers intended.And also the awesome computer puns. Hearing the other light cycle pilots insult Jet's program-worthiness was priceless. Much better than the forced-chuckle computer puns in Jazzpunk."
,Recommended,327740,17461361,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Rampage,The Best Game Ever ;3
,Recommended,327740,30196922,Posted: 26 February,all,SuperAyzeek,Super!
,Recommended,327740,20541274,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,TeenJackBauer,8/10 TJBs
,Recommended,327740,24221005,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Ice-T [buut],its rad
,Recommended,327740,19686855,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,viscount01,"Patches were a hassle but after that, it's fantastic. It runs really well on intels integrated graphics. I would love to see it in full HD resolutions. The game still plays well. Light cycles was suprising difficult until i figured out how to get them down.This is worth buying and a wonderful looking game after all of these years."
,Recommended,327740,12473172,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,The Gipper,On Win 8.1 you need to set every application in your game  folder to run as administrator.  Other than no widescreen support the game runs very well.  It also seems that there is no way to play multi-player without modding your game.http://steamcommunity.com/app/327740/guides/I'm playing the single player game mode without mods right now and this is very good. The HUD and controls are great. I haven't enjoyed a game this much since Metroid Prime!   Really great atmosphere and level design.
76561197996820757,Recommended,327740,12645085,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,number7675,"It's a good game.The down side is it's an old game, so you may have to jump through some hoops to get it working.  The hge plus is there are still people releasing patching to improve the game and the graphics.Gameplay wise it's very fun."
76561198133769938,Recommended,327740,12447500,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Snake Plissken,"I cannot recommend this game just yet, while I love it, I still have yet to get the mod which allows 1080P or higher resolutionThe patch does not work, neither does the modBoth installed successfully to no availThen editing the autoexec.cfg file for POV & Res with read only saved still does nothingI will reserve my honest opinion until this is actually fixedThe game is great, fantastic actually, I just wont play it in its current 4:3 incarnation...Steam, fix this please...OK I can update my review as I have found a fixhttp://steamcommunity.com/app/327740I suggest getting some SweetFX too, as I am looking at making this look like Tron the actual movie (I turned up everything on RadeonPro, looks great)Great game, this will be fun with this fix finally working:)Oh I will add, before I get a slurry of negatrive feedback, I have already finished this game numerous times years ago when it 1st appeared, now it's time to relive in all its HD Glory..."
,Recommended,327740,31964373,Posted: 25 May,all,Trisimix,Please support workshop?
,Not Recommended,327740,22172030,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Nyrva,"This game doesn't work, do not buy it. It goes into and endless loop of attempting to install and launch the setup program but never actually installs. This means I spent money for this but will never get to actually play it- I warn anyone reading this- AVOID! This game DOES NOT WORK!!!!!"
76561198124254739,Not Recommended,327740,17954159,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Naramire,I payed for this thinking it was the full game. I got a pre release demo. any help please?
,Not Recommended,327740,19000881,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Rexitis,This game coughs up dust every time I play it. Not worth a buy.
,Not Recommended,327740,15994152,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,nate,has startup issues wont start properlyhavent played at all.
,Not Recommended,327740,13238283,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,0060,not even patched to release for modern PC
76561198036287261,Not Recommended,327740,15031471,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,I.P.FreeLy,"Broken, Does not work , Dont waste your money, Steam please remove the game. Sigh!"
76561198091947134,Recommended,327740,19437557,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,GraemeGunn,"If you are having problems getting this game to run on your OS, then you're doing something wrong.  Either that, or you don't understand how computers work.It ran perfectly for me, not one single problem."
76561198070061204,Not Recommended,327740,24489872,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,mwbuzzlo,"Normal install, continued to say something to the order of the title of this message board sucker:  ""When i start the game it says dom to make changes you want steam to change youre hard drive. If you click yes or no the tron launcher will pop up then It will say do you want tron.exe to change youre computer. If you click yes or no it will close the launcer and revert me to the steam message to change youre computer.""Final resolution was to give Admin privledges to the program.  WTF?  People of  the Earth.  Stop doing this!!!!"
,Not Recommended,327740,14644211,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,soooperspeed ®,what a pig of a game .. disney at its worstwhen you finally solve the boot loop issue it plays but not very well at all
76561197970513761,Not Recommended,327740,12736975,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,david.king123,WILL NOT START
76561198035665243,Not Recommended,327740,12633288,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Froghunter,"Ok. So first off I want to say how much I love this game. I've played it plenty before it was on steam, sadly I lost my disc a long time ago. Sadly however I have so far been denied the chance to play it again, No matter how hard I try, no matter what I do, how hard I try I keep getting an error that completely denies me playing this game ""Not enough memory"" Every time without fail. I want to reccomend this game on steam, I really do. But untill I can play it all I can do is warn others of this problem and hope my rose tinted glasses aren't too strong."
,Not Recommended,327740,12483225,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,BattleSausage,"Broken crap that doesn't run. It asks for the computer discs from the game, which you won't have because you've bought the digital version. I love the game in the old media version, but don't trust Steam."
,Not Recommended,327740,31084205,Posted: 11 April,all,sundey bros,i can`t load the game and it will not let me and it keeps saying it is running but is not. And also i have seen from other reviews on youtube ec/ that it is not the game you think people think its a awsome amazing game like tron but is sadly nothink like it.
76561198015777687,Not Recommended,327740,12471076,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,kissysellout,"err....  no no no no no!this game is rubbish! PLUS it doesn't even work properly on modern PCs... if you don't have an optical drive on your computer then you can't progress past the first screen! as soon as you start the game, it asks you to ""please insert the TRON 2.0 Disc 1 into your{LINK REMOVED}drive"".......what???!lazy and disrespectful of disney to just dump age old games like this on steam without even checking they work properly!"
,Recommended,327740,18849729,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,GreyWalker Zero,"This is a classic...I know my Steam profile says I've only logged 55 minutes on here, but that's because I'm running Windows 10 and managed to get the game working; and to do that I downloaded and installed the latest tronlauncher.exe, the IZARC v381 and 3D Analyzer v234, all through 3rd party sites.Once downloaded, I reinstalled the game, placed all of the files in to the Tron Folder in the Stream Library -> Common -> Tron 2.0 folder and unpacked / installed all of the programs in to the same folder.Restart machine and the game has worked ever since.I had forgoten how damned challenging this game was and how often you absolutely NEED to quick save... like every 3 seconds doesn't actually hurt.  This is an utterly unforgiving game, but once yopu get the gist of how the game plays, this will provide hours of screaming, hair pulling and psychosis inducing thrashing.  Utterly worth it.Also, this game IS DATED (surprise, surprise) but then if you look at this game and how it looks for its age, the truth of the matter becomes clear - this was a work of genius far supassing the likes of Call of Duty or Battlefield with a fraction of the programmers and auxilleries involved.This is a game from an era when games were finished, tested and true to their source material and with some of the naration it utterly shows - Hey, they got the original Tron in to the game (Bruce Boxleitner) and it feels like he was enjoying the opportunity.Still not sure?  Well, then it's clear you don't have what it takes to finish this piece of FPS history.  Find some frilly pants and accept your failure as a gamer.  :D"
76561197998936099,Recommended,327740,18962427,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Angelbane,This game was so fun I bought it 2x.Im not kidding ... my wife got it for me when it was new (with my money gotta love being the bread winner).Then I wanted to play it again but couldnt get it to work so I bought it on steam.This game is what The Tron legacy movie should have been. Great story and all around fun game while keeping the true flavor of the original tron movie.
76561198060622168,Recommended,327740,15550054,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Platinummatthew,Stop Reading The Reviews And Play It
,Recommended,327740,16033355,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,[MiT] ScooterYDKJ,"I was so glad when I found this title in the Newest Additions section of Steam's front page. This classic is one I always enjoyed playing back before I registered for Steam.Tron 2.0 takes you on a first-person improbably journey into the world inside your computer and has you fight against an army of corrupted scripts, stop digitized hackers trying to take over the system (and the world), escape the wrath of a rogue A.I. that is programmed to destroy any and all users, and become part of a storyline that encompasses the worlds inside and outside the computer.The graphics, while slightly simplistic compared to what we see today, invoke the spectacle and wonder given to us by the Disney masterpiece this game is based off of, and while a FPS style, thanks to the clever Subroutines mechanic, the skills you learn throughout the story can become stronger as you upgrade them, and they become swapable as needed and as you enter new systems.If I have one complaint with this game, it is with how they've implemented the Light Cycle sections throughout the game. Controlling the camera is clunky at best, especially since you're in third-person for the match and you need to be able to see the arena around you in order to be able to stand a chance. Also, the computer opponents have a distinct advantage over you in that they can make turns faster and sharper than you can, but it's still satisfying when one of your computer opponents traps themselves in a shrinking loop of their own doing.Even with the clunky light cycle stages, I highly recommend this game, whether you're a fan of the TRON films or not."
76561198151396080,Recommended,327740,16231838,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,ZER0,10 out of 10 great shooterfixed infinate loop error works great now
,Recommended,327740,18274589,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,|JSRL| t3hyoshi,"I became a Tron fan after watching Tron and Tron: Legacy. I briefely remember seeing the ad in Game Informer for the Xbox version when it came out and thought to myself, ""I want to play that. It looks pretty cool."" even though I didn't know much about Tron, other than it was somewhat of a flop at theaters. Enter 2015 - Tron's somewhat cool, Legacy was successful, and I see Tron 2.0 on Steam. I haven't played through all of it yet, but I can assure you, this game does feel like the official sequel to the first movie, and it's fantasticly done.Kudos to Disney and Monolith Software for making such a spectacular game!"
76561198162872931,Recommended,327740,15079047,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Bolaberto,"This is a good 1st person ""shooter"". But if you are fan of the first TRON movie you'll love this game.You'll have a great time remmembering the disc fights and the motorcycles games. Also the history of the game is interesting (more than the new movie ;)."
,Recommended,327740,15086837,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Mr. Sir,"I played this game a few years ago, and was sad because I thought I'd never be able to play it again, until recently when Disney added a large collection of their games to the Steam Store, and I had to have it. For anyone who has watched Tron, or Tron Legacy, or even The Tron : Uprising cartoon on Disney will find something about this game to satisfy their Tron addiction. My fascination for the Tron universe is unbiased and unlimited, I just love it. Progressing through story and challenges and revealing backstories through archive bins, and emails, was just a perk. The real fun is all the aspects of disc battles, and subroutines, upgrades, and plain dying a bunch. This game is quite a few light cycles older than most games, but well worth the money so stop waiting around for digitization and rez in!"
,Recommended,327740,21872992,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,cunningmunki,"A very enjoyable FPS from the same team that made the great No One Lives Forever games. I played using the 'Killer App' mod, which irons out a few bugs and gives the option for widescreen, and I honestly couldn't tell I was playing a game from 2003 until I got a cut-scene (more on those shortly). This was probably mainly due to the visuals of the game, since you spend the entire game in the digitised virtual world.The game's biggest let down is a boring and predictable story, along with some appallingly acted cut-scenes (mainly from the game's protagonist, an utterly charmless and lifeless character called 'Jet', voiced wholly unconvincingly by Jason Cottle - a bit like his fictitious father, Bruce Boxleitner, did in the original film). The clunky cut-scenes are filled with characters that just can't seem to keep still or wave their arms around while they talk, something I noticed in the NOLF games, but for some reason didn't annoy me as much, probably since they were mainly comedic performances in those games.Anyway, by the end of the game I was just skipping the cut-scenes as I'd lost all interest, and just wanted to get it finished. The difficulty levels throughout are a bit inconsistent, and the array of weapons and powerups (filled with tech-puns) can be confusing, but it's a fun and fairly addictive experience overall."
76561198042182652,Recommended,327740,21238035,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,BlacKholE79,best game ive ever played - actual difficulty !
,Recommended,327740,20158877,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Mr. Wimple,"Played this when it first came out and never really got into it, decided to give it another go and i absolutely loved it.Great game with an original concept. Loads of fun with some RPG elements thrown in for upgrading your character. Lots of tech references which were fun too, such as the ""resource hog"" programs being named after things like Real Player."
76561197980109440,Recommended,327740,20141400,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Oceanstorm,"I have a deep love for the original TRON movie and this game continued the story amazingly well.TRON 2.0 is what TRON Legacy SHOULD have been.Graphics wise, this game looks as good now as it did when first released, especially with widescreen.Gameplay is fun with a selection of different weapons & huge levels that will make you believe youare running around inside a computer.If you have any love for the TRON universe, you owe it to yourself to play this game & even if youhave no idea what TRON is, you will still have a lot of fun playing in this virtual world.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED"
76561198012011132,Recommended,327740,19985742,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Clamps,So far this seems to me to be the sequal to Tron we all deserved.
76561197993270833,Recommended,327740,20695566,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Max80-7,"Quite possibly one of the few great licensed games.Rating: 8 out of 10, while the look and feel contributes heftily to its success, the excellent soundtrack and emergent gameplay solidifies this game as a hidden gem of the early 2000s..."
,Recommended,327740,24025755,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,King Nekketsu,"Tron 2.0 hails from the classic era of FPSs, in the likes of Quake and Doom. As such, the abcense of standard  features from modern shooters such as minimaps and waypoints may ramp up the diffculty for players accustomed to these features.The visual design presented, while no longer cutting edge, is absolutley fantastic for any fan of the original Tron movie, and may be intriguing to fans of the newer Tron Legacy.Great game, 10/10 play that♥♥♥♥♥♥now."
76561197970507554,Recommended,327740,27375949,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Scavenger,"This is one of the Best Games nobody played.. :)  Way back when that was an award it got.. It was a great game.. a little dated now, but still a good game.  Just remember when it was made and let yourself get into it, and you should have a fun time.If you like Tron you will probably like this."
76561197994803883,Recommended,327740,27368503,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Everness,"An elaborate revisioning of the old Snake game hiding itself as a masterfully crafted FPS with almost groundbreaking level, game, and visual design. And neon. Lots and lots of neon."
76561198074569591,Recommended,327740,26364563,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,-[T]UR'RICK-,Another great game by monolith not many will play it but it's like Metroid prime in the tron universe.
76561198008226948,Recommended,327740,26205328,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,tronstar2005,i have this game for a while now and have not redown loaded it yet since i upgraded to windows 10. i do not know  if this game will work in windows 10?
76561198104050564,Recommended,327740,22358294,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Air Raid,"This game has a more colorful environment unlike TRON: Evolution. This game takes place 20 years after the events of Encom, state of the art computer company. out of nowhere rival company called fCon found out that Alan Bradley has rediscovered the same digitizing technology that has transported Flynn into the computer of Tron, and they want it for themselves By digitizing their own virus programs, fCon will stop at nothing to take over the world's computer networks with in the system. It’s up to Alan Bradley and his son Jet Bradley to digitize themselves into the system and stop the corruption from corrupting the computer world.  I highly reccomend you and your friends to play this game, the plot and the multiplayer experience of this game is worth playing.  If this review did not convince to buy the game... Then I think it’s your turn to take your place on the game grid.............PREPARE FOR DIGITIZATION USER............... 3.......... 2.......... 1..........DIGITIZING USER.................... USER DIGITIZED..... ):-3...... - End of line -"
,Recommended,327740,23349426,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Risebell,"TRON 2.0 is a throwback to the past that truly feels like there's a grid on your computer that you're stepping into, and because you're playing as a user going into the grid for the first time in-game, your reactions are going to be entirely synonymous with the character.Featuring a wide variety of enemies, objectives, likeable characters, and soundtrack, this game is a masterpiece for the ones with a little patience and a love for TRON. The game itself took me around 12 hours to complete on a normal difficulty, and has some re-playability should you want a higher difficulty or enjoy the lightcycle games.Being an old game, it runs perfectly well on just about any modern day computer and only crashed on me once.However, because Disney doesn't seem to care for TRON in the slightest, you will need to download an alternate launcher from the internet and insert it into the game files yourself while deleting the original launcher because it does not work properly in my own experience."
,Recommended,327740,23316366,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Jonfl1,"One of my all-time favorite FPS games, and probably my favorite PC game based on an existing IP.While the graphics are now admittedly a bit dated, like System Shock 2, the story still holds up very well, and the game play is definitely fun. The mod community has supported this game well over the years, and it definitely should not be played without first installing the definitive Killer App Mod.Still very much worth the time and money!"
76561197970482328,Recommended,327740,22207174,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,fjk1138,"Tron 2.0 is a beautiful looking game that really does a great job of capturing the atmosphere of the first movie.  The combat is a little stiff, and the light cycle controls flat out suck, but otherwise it it nails it completely."
76561198010622154,Recommended,327740,27769972,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tommy!,"Buy a chunk of my childhood for £1.74 (or £6.99, its still worth it)."
76561198029696227,Recommended,327740,25991713,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,njameson2001,"I was informed if I right click on the Steam Icon and select properties and look for RUN Admisistrator it will fix the problem, Now the game works.. HOOLALOOAHH!! Thank you LDSO!!--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I used to play this on my older computer and it was a AWESOME GAME, but now I am unable to load the game with steam. It keeps trying to install a registry.bat and it hicups and repeats for ever till i manually stop it. I would love to play this game on steam I just hope they can fix this issue.I just tryed to select steam support to fix the issue and it keep asking me to sign in or creat account, I already have an account appearently but when i try to login it keeps repeating itself!Game is NOT Recommend till they get there sh** together and fix there support page and this game.     END - OF - LINE!!"
,Recommended,327740,33293702,Posted: 5 July,all,Mecha»,"I actually have the retail version of it, though who the hell uses a disc drive these days? Anyway...Tron 2.0, a game that serves as a sequel to the 80's movie ""Tron"".No one expected a release like this, it's unique and a prime example of doing movie-based games right.Story:You take the role as Alan Bradley's son; Jet Bradley, to find your father after he's been abducted.Jet gets unwillingly digitized and must fight his way through the digital world to find his father and escape back to the real world.Gameplay:An FPS with some simple RPG elements. Upgrade your stats, assign weapons, armor and utilities.Make sure to spend every available stat point when you gain a build-level up.There is a variety of enemies, but not more than four major types. Each have their distinctive colors and weaponry.The levels might get confusing sometimes, but make sure to explore the levels and find as many upgrade notes (hexagonal thingies) as you can. There is also some platforming, but mostly only for exploration and useful abilities.Your main weapon is the good ol' disc, costs no energy to use and can block enemy discs.Then there is the rod, ball and mesh. All of these weapons have subweapons, which means they can transform into something completely different. For example, the rod has the ""LOL"", which turns a hugging-range tazer into a long-range sniper rifle. That is one of the most awesome things ever in video game history. Oh, by the way, there is light-cycle battles!Audio:Music is top notch for those who like electronic. Also, a little fun fact: in the combat music of Thorne's server (chapter: Alliance), there is a voice that speaks out pi as the music goes on. Just give it a closer listen!Closure:There is nothing much to say actually. I recommend watching the original Tron movie first to get an idea about the story. They pretty much hit the nail on the head, since this game feels more like an interactive movie than a generic FPS.Give it a try if you're into the unusual shooters, into Tron or just like extremely colorful level design."
,Recommended,327740,34804399,Posted: 7 September,all,shiftedbeef,Now works natively on Win 10.
