user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198087794419,Recommended,327880,24067371,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,SecretAgent:KiiN,"RECOMMENDATION:*Yes, if you are a casual gamer that enjoy search & destory mission, buy it*No, if you looking for variety mission, customization gunship, don't buy itCOMPLETION TIME:*Rushed play style: Around 5 hours*Leisure play style: Around 35 hours+GAME DIFFICULTY:( ✔ ) Adjustable on new game( _ ) Adjustable on each stage( _ ) Not adjustable( ✔ ) Game made for casual gamer( ✔ ) Game made for average gamer( ✔ ) Game made for professional( ✔ ) Unlockable startup / customizationGAME FEATURES:( _ ) Online Player versus Player( _ ) Online Cooperative( _ ) Online Leaderboards (Friends Ranking)( _ ) Level-up progression( ✔ ) Unlock perks to upgrade( _ ) Earn something to buy upgrade( ✔ ) Campaign Mode (Linear story)( _ ) Campaign Mode (Multiple Ending)( _ ) Allow to continue playing after the end( ✔ ) Random loots/npc/map selected( ✔ ) Random level generated( ✔ ) Collectible Items( _ ) Photo Mode (No HUD, free camera)( _ ) Score Attack / Personal Best( ✔ ) Statistic( _ ) Microtransactions( _ ) Split Screen / Local Coop( ✔ ) Steam Achievements( _ ) Steam Trading Cards( ✔ ) Steam Cloud SaveGAME PLAY:*Choose a gunship with different weapons (play more to unlock)*The map is random genarated everytime we play!*Looting is random, such as: medic kits, ammo, weapon spec (accuracy, fire rate, damage)*Enemy shooting projectile that is slow enough to dodge*Player can choose to make it quick or slow to complete each level*Player can dash to enemy until dead*But enemy have 1-2 second denote explosion that damage player*Player collect nanites to craft a better weapon or engine*Secret chamber is random hidden, reward is worth to explore*More playing will provide blue prints, nanocarts make create more playing style*Unlock blue prints will allow to craft more weapons*Unlock nanocarts will allow to choose a perk / upgrade in next level*Total of 6 levels to complete, will be restart from level 1 is player died.*Game save is only use for exiting game. If player die in the save, save file will die too.*Progression stats provide useful information such as: Unlocked items, Ratio Kills & Death & etcLIKES:+Easy to pilot+Quick comparison for  loot spec (borderland style)+Interactive map navigation+Interesting diversity enemiesDISLIKES:-Minecraft graphic-No leaderboard at the meantime-No zoom view-No third person cameraQUALITYSCOREGraphic (2015)BPresentationCContents VolumeBArts & DesignALevel DesignA+Combat TacticA+Sound & MusicA+Realistic AnimatedBOnline Value-Replay ValueA+Bug-freeAOverallA-BEST DISCOUNT:50% offWORTH BUYING:( ✔ ) Yes, normal price worth it!( _ ) Yes, can wait for sales( _ ) No, the developer has no plan to improve( _ ) No, not worth the time on itWORTH BUYING WITH DLC?( _ ) Yes, base game + individual DLC( _ ) Yes, base game + Season Pass (all DLC)( _ ) No, DLC is different value( ✔ ) No DLC( _ ) DLC is includedhttp://store.steampowered.com/app/327880/MORE INFORMATION:*Random video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NfSX8yLkFKY*Game File Size: 737 MB"
,Recommended,327880,18390464,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Digitalmass,"I'm no reviewer, let me just say that.  However I feel compelled to put something here though it won't come close to doing this game justice.  To say ""considering this is an indie developer I can't beleive it's so awesome"" almost sounds insulting but it must be mentioned here because these guys don't have hundreds of millions backing them.Sub-level Zero ticks off all the boxes for everything I'm looking in a shooter that takes advantage of my X-55 HOTAS.  I love how fluid it feels and how all the levels are randomly generated so you get a different experience every time.  Did you like Descent back in the day?  You'll love this.If you're on this fence about it, DON'T BE!  For the price you are robbing the developers blind...take the game and run."
,Recommended,327880,18394932,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,DYSIOD☰,"There's so much to love about Sublevel Zero.TL;DR: It looks amazing, plays amazing, sounds amazing, has an amazing developer team supporting it. There is some polish that's needed, but that's true of most games immediately after release. There's a lot to unpack so lets just dive right in.AestheticsSublevel Zero looks like what my memory of Descent is. As I've been playing the game I keep thinking to myself ""wow, this looks so much like Descent just a little better"" and then I went and played some Descent and it's amazing how much older it feels. Everything important has a color. Weapons and their ammo are color coordinated, enemies are colored to match their type, and while to start there sometimes feels like an overwhelming amount of color, you quickly learn to appreciate it.While it is an excellent upgrade to the Descent aesthetic in most ways, one significant downside is the enemies. They're no where near as distinct as Descent, they're little more than colored floating balls. You do get used to it quickly, but it would have been nice to see more character in the enemies.There are some minor interface and usability tweaks I feel need to be made, like making it more clear what your cursor is selecting, and polishing the item comparions, but overall the interface stays out of your way.GameplayThere's so much to say about the gameplay. Much of it is difficult to explain. The map for example, they've managed to nail flying through the map in a way even Descent couldn't manage. It feels very natural and that's important because it's easy to get lost in randomly generated mines.The core gameplay is a well polished 6DOF gameplay. The addition of crafting and rogue-like elements are nicely unobtrusive and don't get in the way of flying around DOF'ing everything in sight. The rogue-like bits are pretty standard; if you've played one rogue-like you've played them all. The weapons have a nice variety and most feel pretty punchy. Most weapons have some sort of inaccuracy which actually helps smooth out the combat. Even with a mouse DOF'ing all around isn't an exact science, so the weapon inaccuracy relieves some of the pressure on your flying.The game also features one of the best control binding systems around. It recognzes and displays every controller Windows does and lets you select which one to use instantly. Key/axis binding is accurate and correctly filters false-positives by temporarily centering each axis before watching for an input. Each controller also comes with it's own set of bindings so it's easy to experiment with different control set ups (my personal favorite is using a Wiimote and Nunchuck to play. Check the guides for information on setting that up).The menus are all fully-controllable via the keyboard which is a plesant niceity in generally, but especially nice for Wiimote controls.I don't really have anything bad to say gameplay wise.AudioThere's a pinned topic in the forums with a link to the soundtrack on Bandcamp. The album speaks for itself.Overall ScoreIt's hard to score because I'm biased towards 6DOF games. It's not perfect, but it's close enough that I think it's really earned a solid9/10At this price I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,327880,18413328,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,linkerError,"A love letter to Descent. Exellently done with smooth, tight controls and a bangin' chiptune ambient soundtrack, its a rewarding roguelike that demands cautious exploration, ammo conservation and deft mastery of the controls to dismantle the rogue bots and get to the reactor at the end of each level. Levels are a good length and an intentionally blocky texture theme combined with brain-meltingly awesome lighting system makes playing them enjoyable and nostalgic.Despite these accolades, Sublevel Zero needs work in a few minor areas. Specifically, there's no thief bot, and there's a major lack of variety with regards to hull upgrades. There are no energy recharge stations (which was the primary benefit of generally weaker energy weapons). An autolevel control would be nice instead of hiding it in the menu and having it be always on or off. Also an irritating omission: complete lack of D-pad controls for the menu/UI system. It would also be nice if there were a way to recycle useless junk for nanites. There are also no secret doors or areas, which is a disappointment (or are there?!?). Finally, I know that this is a single player game. But come ON guys. Let's release a multiplayer DLC for this. It's practically begging for it.As an interesting side note, the game also accomplishes the hilarious feat of demonstrating exactly how terribly designed Descent's levels were, as the random generation engine in this game routinely churns out better levels than Descent did.All in all, aside from a few minor blemishes and missed opportunities, this game is a perfect translation of Descent into a roguelike format. If you're a fan of these types of games, Sublevel Zero simply shouldn't be missed. I think this might also appeal to you if you enjoy flight sims or first person shooters. Some people just wanna run around with a gun, but if floating around a zero-g envrionment shooting endless hordes of robots with ever-more-powerful weapons sounds fun to you, I encourage you to give Sublevel Zero a try."
,Recommended,327880,32485203,Posted: 16 June,all,raptur6dof,"This is a really fun mix of rogue-lite/like/whatever elements with six degree-of-freedom combat mechanics. The crafting and unlock mechanics have kept me coming back for more! Exploring new items has kept this game fresh for me.I do want to say that it's a bit misleading to compare this directly to Descent. Yes, it has 6dof combat and a reactor, but to me it feels very different in important ways. The primary difference comes in the level design. Descent had carefully hand-crafted levels with enemies in surprising places and lots of secrets. To allow procedural generation, Sublevel Zero essentially plugs pre-fabricated rooms into each other like Lego pieces. This difference has four primary consequences:1) There are no secrets (or if there are, they are *very* secret).2) The entrance from one room to another is almost always the same size and shape.3) The random nature of the generation feels more like you're filling out a maze as you go rather than truly exploring an alien environment.4) After a handful of runs, you will start recognizing the same prefab rooms, which prevents each run from feeling truly fresh.The second point in particular can lead to somewhat dull combat at times. It can be too risky to enter a room that is full of enemies, and so you end up just using the entryway as a chokepoint and annihilating everyone who comes near.However, in my opinion, the unlocks and crafting make up for these shortcomings. It really is worth playing long enough to accumulate (and craft!) some tier 3 items. The different craftables lend themselves well to different strategies. For example, on my last run, I tried using a Porcupine hull in level 3 for the extra health in that lava-filled reactor room, and then switched to an Apache hull for the remaining levels for the increased ammo capacity, and it worked well! This was possible primarily because I used the unlocked Larva gunship for extra nanites, and chose nanoboxes that increased the value of nanite drops.All in all, this is a fun game, as long as you view it as inspired by Descent rather than a true successor."
76561197999311654,Recommended,327880,19586868,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Thumpie Bunny Eve,"Honestly, this is the best 6DOF game I've ever played. And more immersive, player involving, and diverse then any of the Descent games old or new.  Theres Crafting, but it's not overwhelming.  Theres no control issues all of your axi and slides feel fluid with no particular turn offs.  Achievements for playing well unlock more ships so theres a boat load of replay value.  Theres a perks system which makes you crave to explore every single room!  And the maps are never the same! so it's always a new skin tingling experience! And it's still being developed!  Luke and crew, add new elements all the time! There really isn't enough i can say about this, accept, it's the best one I've ever owned. and i have about 25 6dof games. This one is WORTH your investment.  And great for the casual gamer, as well as the finatic! I hope to see it go, further and further!  Don't stop Dev's!  Do a shadow-play level! <3"
76561197989129610,Not Recommended,327880,22186592,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Megabyte [RSSD],"While the initial thrill of playing another 6DoF title was awesome, it unfortunately fell short in the long run. The random level generation basically left you with few alternate paths to follow and most of them went to the same place, making the game feel linear. The enemies were varied with many different styles of attack, but it can be tough to tell them apart at a distance where it matters for combat. And even the crafting system is too vast for the length of the game due to how often you will use it and sometimes the odds of getting the materials to make anything at all.I could not in all honesty call this game bad. It isn’t. It just suffers from really not being enough on way too many fronts, and as such falling short of greatness on all of them. The result being a game that isn’t terrible but isn’t really good either. Rather it is a game that gets too repetitive before you finish it.And yet, it is also a game that genuinely leaves me hopeful for the developer behind it, as I could clearly see a lot of good ideas while it could keep my attention. In short, I can not recommend this game, but if the developer would make a sequel and refine the ideas here, they may have something truly great on their hands next time."
,Recommended,327880,18389568,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,CatDad500,Only needed a few minutes to realize this is a gem and a steal at this price. If you liked Descent/Elite or just any FPS in general this is a great pick me up game. Had no problems mapping controls and getting right into the game. Bought this because I own a DK2 and can't wait for full VR support. Runs flawlessly. Get this now.
,Recommended,327880,18421401,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Bitwise,"This game is really good and I've already recommended it to one friend who was interested. It's a huge throwback to descent. The music is amazing, the controls are smooth as butter, the graphics are amazing,  and every playthrough just feels different. Definitely get it."
,Recommended,327880,18393374,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Muscle Moose,"I'm the kind of guy who hates seeing those extremely positive reviews when the player has under an hour played... But God damn this game is ♥♥♥♥ing PHENOMINAL!The music is intense, but distant, kind of? It suits the genre, conveying mystery, giving you a sense of insecurity when you're low on health, and making you feel like a legend when you're boosting through those tight corridors!Fiddle with the controls a bit on a gamepad to suit your playstyle and you got an extremely pleasurable flying and killing time. I never thought I'd be into a game like this, but the trailer captured me. Damn does it deliver. Truly a fantastic experience, and definitely fresh forme. Sublevel Zero scratches an itch I never knew I had..."
,Recommended,327880,18436888,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,labtob,"This is a work of art.Yes, it's a lot like Descent, minus the linear campaign, but in it's place is an addictive roguelite.The soundtrack is subtle and not over-produced.  Pixely graphics are done right.   The lighting looks great; it adds some nice ambience and makes the lights look more than just textures.The map system looks like a lot of attention was spent on creating it; sometimes you can get lost just looking at it."
76561198071594947,Recommended,327880,22504643,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,pinwolf,Superb Descent/Rogue-like 6DoF-FPS sci-fi dungeon crawl.It's like Descent in the way Ziggurat is like Heretic/Hexen.Very recommended.
,Recommended,327880,29927963,Posted: 14 February,all,Luke Nukem [Linux Only],"Wow, the update is fantastic. Lot's of extra content, lots of fixes.This is an excellent Descent style game, with good prodecdural generation, small rogue-like systems like cash/crafting/classes/upgrades.Controls seem to be well done, easy to customize, but the defaults are well thought out.The art style is nice too, stands on its own (doesn't seem to mimic any others).Okay, look, I'm terrible at writing reviews, and I really like this game. If you like Descent, and like rogue-likes, then you owe it to yourself to check this out."
,Recommended,327880,18413302,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Snake,A surprisingly well-done procedural level generator keeps things fresh in a Descent tribute game that does just about everything right.
,Recommended,327880,18390204,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Artyom Havok,This game is fantastic! I don't need to tell you what its like and how much nostalgia it will bring like everyone else!Instead I'm going to rant about the Sound Design!This game one of the best uses of 5.1 and 7.1 sound I have ever heard.-weapons fire center front channel-engine is rear satellites-music is front left and right-hit sounds are where they should be-nice highs and lowsIt actually sounds/feels like I am in the cockpit!Its also a lot of fun and brutally hard! Cannot recommend enough!
,Recommended,327880,22234796,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,roncli,"I've been playing Descent since 1995, and have been keeping a close eye on the 6 Degrees of Freedom genre for quite some time.  Sublevel Zero is easily one of the top games in this genre.However, this is not just a 6DoF... it is also a Hardcore and a Roguelike.  There are no savepoints you can reload endlessly from, and the levels are randomly generated every time you play.There is progression to the game, and that progression is in the form of unlocks.  Admitedly, the unlocking system is very user-unfriendly, and it is difficult to determine what you have unlocked or what there is left to unlock.  However, the best advice I can give is to play and experiment... craft whatever you can at first, and eventually you will start unlocking things.Once you unlock the tier 3 weapons, this game become awesome.  The weapons feel powerrful and meaningful, but the enemies you face are still very dangerous, requiring skill and strategy to overcome.There are a wide number of achievements that give this game some artificial replayability, and at first this turned me off.  However, the presence of the development team continuing to add content and variety drew me back, and now I regularly play and speedrun the game, having all but one achievement... the one requiring you to die 100 times. :D  I think I'm happy with NOT having that one. :)Overall, a great entry into the 6DoF field.  If you loved Descent's single player experience, you will be right at home with Sublevel Zero."
,Recommended,327880,30481032,Posted: 12 March,all,Crazy Ivan,"It's Descent, crossed with a rogue-like map system, weapon/part crafting, and a procedeural unlock system for perks earned at the end of each level.This does EXACTLY what it says on the tin.Pros:-It's decent at being Descent! (Actually, it's really damn good at it.)-LOTS of stuff to uncover and unlock-Minimialist/retro art style that really works well for the game-It's Descent!-Good variety of enemies to plsy against-Enemies have (so far) had distinct audio cues; even if you can't always tell them apart by sound, some of them do stand out enough to trigger those 6DOF instincts (Oh crap that was missile defender! DUCK AROUND THE CORNER!)-IT'S [censored] DESCENT!-Healthy smattering of loot chests throughout levels allows for players to get (roughly) one upgrade in the 1st level. (Not certain because some runs has the enemies EVERYWHERE, other runs has them a little sparse. Never enough for it to be an issue- Unless you decide to Leeroy Jenkins a 1st level room with 2 Missile Defenders + assorted hangers-on. Good luck with that.)Nitpicks (Stuff that minorly impacts the experience in a negative way):-Some content is limited. There ony only so many room configurations and room types before the scenery gets boring. Admittedly, this is less due to the roguelike map generation and more due to content like texturies and sceneray assets, whice I can imagine will likely improve before the final release.Cons:-Addictive. VERY addictive.Granted, my cons list is just one bullet point. And not necessarily one that's relevant to the game per se, but instead is my reaction to it.I am biased, and I like this game. Even now (March 12th 2017), I boot into it and it FEELS like a finished, polished title. If you liked Descent, you will have a darn good time with Sublevel Zero."
,Recommended,327880,32160836,Posted: 3 June,all,lemec,"Nice, tight slick game that is a much better spiritual successor to Descent than Miner Wars was.Lots of good control options and it supports all my weird controllers.This game is AMAZING with a 6D space navigator/mouse combo, if you know how to edit XML files to enable the 3DConnexion virtual joystick mode.I'm also using it with a foot pedal to control Boost.Performance is excellent on my system. It's always buttery-smooth.There are some micro-glitches that do not affect gameplay, really just a matter of spitshine and polish, like being able to hear my charge-cannons charging, or having indicators to show which of my two guns will fire when in alternate fire modes.EDIT:Hell yes, just finished it on my lucky 7th try! Good god, that was amazing. Just unlocked the Arcpulse, weapon of champion speedrunners. I wanna go again!!!"
76561197994131755,Recommended,327880,18450855,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,spectrefps,"Amazing game. Brings back fond memories of the mechanics of the Descent series (before Freespace), but with it's own unique take on the 6DoF (6 degrees of freedom) genre. The feel of the movement and combat is just right, and the game strikes a perfect balance of high speed action and item/resource management of an roguelike rpg. The game rewards skill greatly, and encourages you to conserve your ammo and use each of the many weapon types to their maximum effectiveness. Repair kits are uncommon, and take up vital (and limited) inventory space, so crucial decisions must be made about what to keep and what to leave behind. There is also a surprisingly deep crafting element, allowing you to combine weapons, hulls, and ship components to create new ones. These items, especially weapons and hulls, can dramatically alter your playstyle.There are many types of weapons of various rarities, each with their mechanics, playstyles, and ammo types. There are ballistic (shotguns, minguns, railguns, etc), plasma (big 'ol energy ""globs"", flamethrower) , energy (lasers, bolts), missiles (dumbfire, homing, ""grenades"", etc), ""dart"" (wolfpack missiles, cluster rockets, swarms), and ""advanced"" (gravity missiles, crazy stuff). Each weapon rolls various modifiers when it drops, affecting its properties damage, rate, accuracy, etc). All of the weapons can also be crafted with others to form new ones, though the more powerful ""recipes"" require that you unlock/find a blueprint first. Crafted weapons are often quite different, especially mechanically, from their ""ingredients"". This leads to a wide diversisty of emergent playstyles depending on what weapons you are able to craft. Also, crafted weapons are affected by the modifiers of its ingredients, so holding onto early drops with ""great stats"" is a viable decision if you want to craft something awesome later on.There are also several different types of ship hulls and components. Like weapons, these roll various prefixes which affect their stats (speed, boot, ramming damage, etc). Hulls can also significantly affect your armor, primary, and secondary weapon capacity. Completely new additional ships can also be unlocked by completing various tasks over the course of your playthroughs.The graphics are excellent for this game. The corridors and tunnels look great, and the action is quite smooth. The lighting effect on weapons fire makes tracking enemy projectiles easy (though evading all of them may be another thing altogether). There are many interesting enemy designs, with different, color-coded variations of them equiped with different weapons. The color coding makes it easy to identify at a glance which variant you are facing, which is crucial when dealing with them.The sound effects and music are great. The soundtrack in particular is excellent. The composer is currently offering his album on bandcamp, which I happily purchased recently. It is a combination of pulse pounding electronic, chiptune, and orchestra. Each track is fantastic in its own right, and is dynamically altered depending on the situation (exploring, fighting, etc). I espeically like the track ""Chain Reaction"" when it shifts to the base/synth heavy 'combat' variation. Do yourself a favor and by his soundtrack!This game is a must have for anyone who enjoys a 6DoF shooter, in the likes of Descent or Forsaken. It is not a ""Descent/Forsaken Clone"" nor does it claim to be. It *IS* an amazing 6DoF game with its own unique style and gameplay mechanics that stands out as an excellent example of this genre in its own right.Final verdict:   Buy This Already! / 10"
,Recommended,327880,19167659,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Suros#,"Where do I even start? This basically takes Descent, refines it a bit, and adds retro style to the mix. All of the various weapons feel pretty unique and the ability to combine them into ever more powerful ones with traits from both parents is really interesting. The enemies are all quite different too, ranging from bulky and slow to quick and flimsy. On top of that, said enemies have attacks and styles just as diverse as the weapons you weild.The controls and hud customization is up there in features too. It allows for things to swap around based on controls, Y inversion, has a FoV slider, and quick swapping between your preferred controller type. (It even does hotplugging from what I saw on Linux.)If Decent was your thing back in the 90s, I highly recommend this one. In fact, I feel it does the 6DoF genre more justice than Decent: Underground."
,Recommended,327880,18411960,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Skie,"Sublevel Zero plays just as fun as it looks. It is a highly aesthetic game with really enjoyable gameplay, very comfy visuals and a really nice set of music. It is also a quite challenging game.If you are a fan of Descent games like I am, then do yourself a favour to grab this title. I honestly think it is really worth the price.Oh, and it plays really well with Kb+M setup -- I might actually try playing it with a proper HOTAS config.It's one of my favourite games of this year."
76561197970547407,Recommended,327880,28453488,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,foo,"HTC Vive + Steam controller review.In short, a solid 8-bit VR Descent.  VR + 6DOF is a recipe for nausea.  But this game has the comfort, controls, and polish to keep VR 6DOF approachable and playable.Offers many different controller schemes which is necessary given the complexity of movement (forward/backward, up/down, left/right, pitch, yaw, roll).Pros: Polished.  Steam controller just works (I like grip buttons for roll).  Has VR comfort options like tunneling.  Small control extras like snap-to-plane on roll.  Nice mini-map.Cons: Missing tags for 8-bit graphics and 8-bit audio.  Enemies and pickups are simple, non-descript shapes.  But the video demonstrates what you'll be getting.At time of writing, VR support is ""beta"".  Requires selecting game ""Properties"", ""BETAS"" tab, then ""latest"" version.  Game will then appear in ""VR"" section and be properly launchable in VR."
,Recommended,327880,18410527,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Zeigy,Yes! YES! This really IS the game I remembered from so long ago but with an epic up-to-date sound track and it's so pretty to look at!I played Descent with a mouse and keyboard when I was younger but I just got an XboxOne controller and it makes the play style so different and quite enjoyable. I missed navigating environments where you have to actually look at the map and not just search for GPS icons. I love this game.Thank you.
,Recommended,327880,32847411,Posted: 27 June,all,Prophet,At first I thought it’s going to be meh and not worth a buy.Seeing it on special I thought I could take the chance and see how it feels with a controller. That is what I normally do before I bother with my dual T1600s.Was I impressed as it felt so smooth and seamless using a controller. Flying around trying to shoot a few things while I listen to the sounds and looking at how it was presented. It all felt good and was saying to me welcome back to 6DOF done right...Brilliant! * thumbs up *I can only say that you impressed me; you made me play more than just trying it out with a controller to gauge its worth. I will definitely play more.Hell it moved into my current list from tryout :D
76561197981609203,Recommended,327880,31117678,Posted: 13 April,all,Mynop,"When I purchased Sublevel zero a year ago, it was a spontaneous purchase.Little did I know how big of an impact this game will have on me.I got hooked to the fantastic graphics, magnificient control scheme, lovely soundtrackand gameplay straight out of 90's.I love it, I enjoy flying through the narrow corridors and hallways to look for new equipment.I enjoy the difficulty and pretty much everything.Okay, maybe the only negative thing that I can think of, is but very superficial,which is that your interior and look of your ship doesn't change when changing hulls.But like I said, it is very superficial and doesn't affect on the enjoyment Sublevel Zero provides.Thank you developers for this magnificient game.5/5"
,Recommended,327880,23777445,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,jerb,"Sublevel Zero is a 6 D.O.F. roguelite shooter. It's essentially a modernized, roguelite Descent. There's a lot to love about the game if you're a fan of Descent (or roguelikes/roguelites in general), but it does have its issues.First up, the comabt- it is simply fantastic. Being outnumbered, with nothing but a few guns and missiles, zipping around doing evasive maneuvers in 6 D.O.F. style, is simply exhilirating. The ability to chain and unchain guns at will allows a change in playstyles with the press of a button. There's enough enemy variety for the combat not to get repetitive, and enough guns to allow you to change your playstyle every run- especially with the crafting system... but we'll get in to the crafting system later.Now, the aforementioned guns. You start out with two guns- the Autocannon and the Pulsar. The Autocannon is a gun that uses standard ammo (there's multiple ammo types in this game) that does low damage and has decent spread. The Pulsar uses energy and doesn't have as much spread, but does more damage per bullet. But there's a lot more. Flak cannons, miniguns, rifles, lasers, you name it- it's in there. You also start out with a Dumbfire rocket, which is separate from the two other guns. There's also a prefix applied to each gun/rocket module a la FTL's Endless Loot mod. You can find a rusty laser, or a savage Pulsar, or a weak flamethrower, or a slow grenade, etc.Hull and engines are also replaceable, and craftable. You can get new hull that has more health or can carry more ammo. Similarly, you can obtain and craft new engines that can ram or boost faster, or are just speedier in general.The items you don't want can be used to create new, more powerful items, with crafting- but while the crafting system is good, there aren't many different possibilities. Sure, it sounds fantastic in theory. Combine two different engines you've collected in to an engine with the best of both. Got a hull you don't need? Combine it with your current hull. Found a new gun, but it doesn't fit your fancy? Combine it with one of your current guns.The problem, though, is that there aren't many recipes at the start. There's only so much you can craft, and sometimes in the early game you can have an plethora of Nanites (the game's ""currency"" used for crafting) but nothing to craft. This is fixed eventually when you unlock more blueprints as you progress through the game, but at the start, crafting is very basic and barebones.Levels are randomly generated (this is a roguelite, after all), but the generation is sort of limited- similar to Binding of Isaac or Enter the Gungeon, there are separate, predefined ""rooms."" However, unlike Gungeon and Isaac, there aren't many rooms- and typically the layouts are reused for other sublevels, with only enemies being different. That's points off.The enemy randomization is still better than what Gungeon and Isaac do (The rooms are the same, but not the enemies contained in it), but those games do have much, much more room diversity as well. Credit where credit is due, I've worked on some Isaac mods, and making levels for that is simply drag and drop in a room editor, or mess with the XML files a bit. Nothing too difficult. Sublevel Zero is full on 3D, so I understand it takes a lot longer to build and mask the room, but I at least expected alittlebit more variety.Difficulty is about what you'd expect from a roguelite. Easy to learn (especially if you've played Descent), hard to master. The tutorial does a great job with teaching you the basics, and in typical roguelite fashion, it doesn't hold you hand whatsoever. It's basic controls, introduction to the crafting and inventory system, and that's it.The music isn't the most varied, either, but it's still good enough to keep me coming back. It'll go from chiptune to house-esque to melodic to orchestral depending on where you are, even though it's typically the same basic melody. There's a couple other songs, but other than that the arrangement variation is all there is. For a game like this, it works, though.It's very replayable, too. There's a lot of unlockable passive upgrades, new ships, and crafting blueprints that will make every future run more diverse.The graphics are very crisp. It's low poly and low res textures, but it's low poly done right. There's still plenty of effects to give the game a very pristine look, and combined with antialiasing the game is gorgeous. It's also very optimized- my 970 doesn't even break a sweat running this game. I get over 150 FPS constantly. So, in theory, even a 750 Ti should be able to ""max out"" this game without too much slowdown.Verdict: Sublevel Zero, despite its few flaws, is still polished, and while it's nothing new in the gameplay department, it still holds up as a fantastic, addictive roguelite modernization of Descent, and adds its own little quirks to the 6 D.O.F. gameplay that makes it unique."
76561198075525997,Recommended,327880,26602816,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,budwheizzah,"This game demonstrates the value and importance of seated VR while showing the challenges that come with it. Sublevel zero may not be for the faint of heart, but it is a full fledged 6 degree of freedom first person shooter tht will take you well above and beyond the hordes of $20+ motion control wave shooters out there.6DoF is hard to recommend for VR beginners, especially those not used to first person seated VR at all, but if you have the legs for it, this is exactly what 6DoF VR should feel and run like. It took little time for the game to absorb me into its world, and the classic 6DoF shooter elements are well appreciated, all the way down to the solid color keys! The controls (on mouse & keyboard) are simple and respect the classic 6DoF defaults (WASD, QE for roll, mouse for pitch & yaw), so it's nice seeing another VR game not locked to a damn gamepad, although you're free to use one if you want.I ran the game on my HTC VIVE with excellent results. I'll be giving it a ride on the Oculus Rift eventually but I expect it's identically awesome on that unit as well. This VR implementation is fairly mature and pretty much has ""shipping quality"" to it.Here is a video of my first impressions of the gamehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G6jO8reZp38"
76561198025243567,Recommended,327880,32770658,Posted: 25 June,all,waldwuffel,"Great game, something to return to again and again. After about 25 hours I have not managed to finish the campaign once, but it's fun nonetheless.Stylistically it's very consistent, the graphics, sound and music nicely complement each other. Gameplay is tight and the experience can vary to some degree in each new run."
76561198018710486,Not Recommended,327880,18594468,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Vic-6,"Beat the game on the third try after 6 hours.Pros:+ Solid game+ Incredibly ultra-responsive 3D controls+ Outrageously fun, immensely satisfying gameplay+ Pretty graphics+ Solid soundtrackCons:- Surprisingly easy- Needs minor game balancing- Favors certain playstyles over others- Surprisingly shallow, even superficial- Low replayability- Very little content for $15.00Full Review:Pros:Overall the game is just generally solid. The 3D controls are extremely slick and responsive and surprisingly intuitive (though descending should be remapped to SHIFT and turbo to something else, as I eventually remapped it this way and it immediately felt a lot better). The minimalist art style is executed very well and is very appealing to the eyes, while the near-excessive use of outer glow effects makes everything feel more graphically detailed and sci-fi, though I couldn't appreciate much of it because I was running the game on a Surface Pro 3 with no GPU, so I had to set the game to the lowest resolution and minimum render distance, and to turn off volumetric lighting (where it ran reasonably well). The soundtrack is also solid; most people seem to really love it, but I just think it's solid, but that's just my (picky) taste and you'll likely enjoy it more than I did. Overall—and most importantly—the game is just downright fun; flying around and blowing up bots is just immensely satisfying and the gameplay is just all around extremely fun.Cons:I beat the game on my third try after only 6 hours of gameplay. For a roguelite, that's pretty much no time flat (after years, I'm still trying—and failing—to beat Teleglitch: Die More Edition). This is partially because the game is just stupidly easy, except for the boss fights when the game abruptly and arbitrarily amps up the difficulty to outrageous levels just to suddenly f--- you over without warning (especially for the final boss, which was just utterly ridiculous). However, the rest of the game is just ridiculously easy, primarily because it's unbalanced in particular ways, primarily because certain playstyles are totally superior to others even when the game seems to be trying to say you can play whichever way you please. In particular, 1) the game likes to give you the choice between using high DPS weapons like miniguns and low Rate of Fire/high Damage & Accuracy weapons like impact rifles, but high Damage & Accuracy weapons are strictly superior and using high DPS weapons will certainly get you killed because they miss very frequently, rapidly burn through your ammo, and do minimal damage, 2) the game gives you limited inventory space and forces you to balance carrying repair kits versus craftable items (weapons and engines and such), but you really just need to use all of your inventory space carrying repair kits, and you can generally get through the game crafting d---- near nothing at all by living off the loot drops, which utterly bypasses the crafting mechanic the game clearly wanted you to use even though it’s actually pointless and costly, 3) the game tries to pressure you with limited ammo but allows you to ram enemies as a way to melee them without spending ammo, but ammo’s never really an issue (if you’re using high Damage/Accuracy weapons) and ramming will certainly get you killed, meaning that, again, the game clearly wanted ramming and ammo management to be a significant gameplay element even though it should be ignored if not totally avoided.Unfortunately, the game is also very superficial, initially seeming to have a wide array of different ways to play, ships and weapons to unlock, and items to craft, but very quickly you realize you don’t need any of that: particular playstyles are entirely superior to others that will get you killed, I personally beat the game using the standard ship and only the same 3 basic weapons I picked up on the second level (and I hadn’t even unlocked any new weapons yet), and crafting is utterly negligible when you can pick up almost everything you need off of loot. On top of that, the maps quickly very feel similar (if not identical) and blur into one contiguous texture of the same dozen spaceship interiors, lava caves, and crystal caves over and over again, despite the procedural map generation, making this the first time I’ve ever seen procedural/dynamic level generation fail to add replayability to a game (which was extremely surprising).And for this shallow game with minimal replayability (at least for a roguelite), you have the privilege of paying $15 (the equivalent of 15 iPhone/iPad apps). While I certainly don’t regret it, I do feel that the price is a tad steep for its meager amount of content, though the absolutely fun and incredibly satisfying gameplay certainly makes up for what the game lacks in content (which can certainly be expanded in future updates and/or DLCs too).Conclusion:As of right now, with its slim amount of content, minimal replayability, and glaring gameplay unbalances, I can’t recommend it at a price of $15; it simply isn’t worth that when I know I could probably have a similar amount of fun playing a very good flash game for free (though finding that flash game in the first place may cost me $15 in time).However, I’m not saying that you shouldn’t buy this game or that it’s a bad game; quite the opposite, it’s actually a fantastic little game, it’s just too overpriced for me to be able to recommend it. That said, if you can get it during a flash sale or after it potentially gets expanded with updates/DLCs/expansions, it’s totally worth it, and I guarantee you won’t regret it.P.S. The story/plot/backstory/whatever is pretty much negligible; so much so that I nearly forgot to write anything about it in this review."
76561198053575547,Not Recommended,327880,32205080,Posted: 5 June,all,ShurikMur,"Considering myself a big fan of descent series, here is my opinion:Pros:+ The feel of action/gameplay is indeed very close to descent 1 and 2;+ Nice visuals yet the system requirments are low;+ Good music;Cons:- Locations feels repetitive with not very much variations in art style;- Foes does not produces greetings or idle sounds and sometimes you can notice them only when they shoot;- The visual representation of enemy projectiles, visual effects and player's gunfire are often indistinguishable. The glow effects adds more confusion over it. While shooting in a tight corridor sometimes hard to tell wich way all the c*ap is going: mayble it is all about your ship and already about to hit you?- Some mysterious bug with gun pickups identification: when you point at it - it tells one thing, when you pick it up and opens the loot menu - it is something else, the same when you drop the gun;- Item description text overlays HUD section related to launcher;- Afterburner only works when pressed in addition to ""forward"" key. You can't accelerate just pressing the AB key. Also will be great to enable AB by double tapping forward;- Additional mouse buttons (from 3 and up) can be assigned in key bindings, but doesn't actually works in a game? WTF?- Opening a loot menu doesn't pause the game;- Permadeath does NOT adds fun to the game. It can be an option like a difficulty: to provide fun not only for hardcore players;- The variety of enemies and theyr movement patterns are limited - even with a comparison to original descent (1). And the number of enemies in a given location is limited too. You got a tons of different guns, but not very much enemies to shoot at. Why?Bottom line.Can't really tell if i whould recommend this game. It feels almost exactly like an old good descent, but after a few tries it starts feel repetitive and limited."
76561198043316066,Recommended,327880,18442843,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,kothar26,"For those looking for a trip down Descent memory lane look no further.  This is the closest game I've found aside from Descent itself.  This may wind up being a spirital successor to Descent more than Descent Underground.Graphics: 10/10 - Not the best out there but runs super smooth and the retro style is done perfectly.  The retro style is done so well it scores high on graphics in my opinion.  Fancy graphics with high polygon count doesn't mean it's the best.  Never ever have had framerate dips.Gameplay:  10/10 - Fair warning this game is HARD, really HARD.  But I love it.  The game makes every enemy kill just so rewarding as you get the little buit of ammo, new weapon, or armor kit to keep going.  The intestity of knowing if you die you start over is thrilling!  The game is like a typical rougelike as it gives you perks that stick after each attmept or playthrough.  The controls are super resposive which indeed a plus for a game of this difficulty and intensity.Music - 11/10 - The music is some of the best I have heard in a long time and suits the game very will.  It's a combo of modern music and chip tunes and is done perfectly.  The chip tunes are subtle and the music intensifies during combat.The soundtrack is a must buy if you are a music lover for the pure art of it.  It's available on Bandcamp if you'd like to pick it up for $7.64.Features - 5/10 - This is where the game will lose some points with me.  Some of the best parts about Descent was the multiplayer and this game lacks it all together.  If they add Deathmatch and co-op campaign this game would be perfect.Replayability - 10/10 - Replayability is is endless.  The levels are randomized through every playthrough.  Only the level boss and their rooms remain the same.  With the gathering of perks as you go along you could play this a very long time.  The difficulty will keep you coming back for more, if you love hard games that is.Final score: 9/10 - This is a gem of a little indie game that is worth every penny of the $15 it costs.  If it had multiplayer I'd be giving it a 10/10 hands down!!!"
,Recommended,327880,21915367,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,5 Bears On Patrol,"My one criticism is that there is no saving mid-run, and the runs are quite long. The ""Crafting system"" (really combining some pairs of weapons)  is a little confusing.Beyond that, this does 6DOF flight incredibly well. The first time (including descent) where I could actually follow where I was in the level, and move where I wanted to. Part of this is careful level generation, and part of it is subtle righting of orientation and inertia. It works incredibly well."
,Recommended,327880,18427430,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,AntodenA,"This game is so delicious!!! It's totally BONKERS. The style, the procedural mappings, the graphics and sound editing are so awesome. I think I will never stop playing it. It's totally worth my time and money. ABSOLUTE MUST HAVE."
,Recommended,327880,18442570,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,lyravega,"Watching a video of this game immediately reminded me of the old Descent series. So I decided to give it a try. And I am glad that I have done so.The gameplay is smooth. However you may not get the hang of the controls immediately as you have6-dof (degrees of freedom). If you are an old Descent player (or still playing it), trichording is a thing with some engines. If you don't know what it means, the amount of trichording affects your top speed depending on the number of axes you are moving about. There is a maximum turning rate of your ship; it may feel like negative mouse acceleration, but it isn't. When you get used to them, a great game awaits you.Graphics, music and the sound effects all go well together, and suits the game. Good chiptune accompanies you on your journey. Graphics are kept ""minimalistic"" on purpose, but I think it serves the game well as this game isn't one of those games where you need graphics to convince you that you are in a -insert theme- environment.Progression wise, you level up and pick nanocart upgrades between levels (perks, much like Nuclear Throne for example), gather loot, and spend your earnings on crafting. Levels are procedurally generated, meaning that every game will be different. You also unlock different ships (characters) to begin the game with, and also unlock more crafting recipes as you keep playing the game.You can equip 2 primary and 2 secondary weapons, and can swap / craft different equipment to tailor the ship you are piloting to your own preference. The quality of the loot you get varies, and the crafted equipment inherits the average quality of the base items. Your inventory is limited however, first few games you may feel that it is very limited, but as you find weapons that you like the most, you'll know what to keep and what to discard immediately. Your ship itself is also a weapon; you can ram enemy ships, however it is a bit risky as the enemies you destroy explode, and often deal much more damage than you'd expect, so you need to ram and run.Enemies vary in difficulty, and after a few encounters you will know how to deal with them, or where to deal with them. Procedural generation links some chunks with tunnels, and trying to deal with a close-combatant in those tunnels may cost you dearly for example. Bosses in the game are stationary, however don't let that fool you, as they might start shooting lasers everywhere or summon some reinforcements.Some of the level chunks are a little bit cramped at the first levels, however it opens up on the later levels. One of the developers has already stated that s/he is working on new level chunks to address this problem as well, so I don't think it'll be an issue for long. You may lose your bearings (or it is just me) from time to time, but the map is very functional for a 3D map, and very useful as it helps you find your way easily.One thing I hate about this game is, you can only save between levels - if you continue but then quit the game before finishing that level, you won't be able to continue. Aside from that, I have no complaints. Overall, a great game. If you like Rogue-lite games and/or old Descent games, then this might be a great addition in your library."
76561197970408289,Recommended,327880,18387366,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Olisseus,"Finally someone understood what made the old descent games great in the first place. Sublevel zero is a very faithful recreation of my most beloved game series of all time.I had hopes for Miner Wars (which felt great but had a abhorrent savepoint system and kept crashing on me all the time) and Retrovirus (which almost got it) but sublevel zero is the first title that FEELS like descent. Pacing is good, graphics are trippy and fitting and the whole thing is crafted with palpable passion for detail and atmosphere. Making it a roguelike with procedural created levels is a smart move, adding a crafting system even more so.I just hope it sells well so that we might get more of sublevel zero in the future.Well done!"
,Not Recommended,327880,33058643,Posted: 30 June,all,Linkblade,"I came with full excitement because I thought it was like Forsaken and searched some nostalgia. But here is not much to find what Forsaken gave me. The gameplay is pretty boring. Always be cautious and progress by first clearing everything from a safe distance. You open a door to a new room and right behind it is a bunch of enemies waiting for you to fight a stupid door fight with them. Shoot, move back and avoid their bullets, go forward and repeat. This pretty much sums up the whole gameplay. shoot, go back/avoid, forward again, repeat. Easy and numb. Being a rogue-like doesn't help with the repetition in this game. It's just annoying to repeat the same process again and again. It feels like work to do for me."
,Recommended,327880,18451453,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Witness,"This game is pretty incredible. A claustrophobic color fest, this game combines Descent with light roguelite and RPG elements. At first I was concerned with the amount of choice present in the game, but the game has a solid amount of variable content. It could use some balancing, ESPECIALLY with the crafting system (crafted items seem to be universally worse than found items,) but I feel like the longer you play, the more true choices you become presented with (at one point I could choose between an extremely high damage but high ammo consumption shotgun, or a high rate of fire, weak, but reliable automatic gun, and the choice was VERY hard.)The price point is a little high, I'll admit. I wouldn't recommend it to someone looking for a pure Descent experience, but rather someone looking for a fun skill based roguelite that is lighter on RNG than some others. If you are a roguelite ♥♥♥♥♥ like myself, this game is definitely worth the price, but people looking for a purist Descent experience should probably steer clear."
,Recommended,327880,18450778,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Ulti,"It's hard for me to stress how much fun I am having with this game so far. I saw this premiered at PAX Prime and stood awestruck watching it for about 30 minutes - ""This looks just like Descent"", I said! Well, lo and behold I now have the game, and it is!Let's get the basics out of the way - this is a 6DOF Roguelite, in the vein of Ziggurat. In fact, this game reminds me quite a lot of Ziggurat, it's a loving homage to a neglected 90's classic with modern updates. Like in Ziggurat, The Binding of Isaac, or Rogue Legacy, your sucesss (and failure) unlock new classes and craftable weapons for future playthroughs. The visuals are perfectly adequete, the big blocky graphics and pixel-styled particles are reminiscent of the low-res graphics of Descent, but clearly look modern, and the lighting is superb.The combat is absolutely fantastic.The weapons are great, pretty much what you'd expect if you were familiar with the Descent series. I'm actually having trouble thinking of any weapons in the Descent franchise of any note that aren't included in Sublevel Zero. There's also crafting and customization for your hulls and engines, but these aren't nearly as substantial as your array of weaponry. Enemies are familiar-yet-different variants of Descent bots (Missile Guardians in particularly really remind me of how the Descent enemies looked and behaved), all nicely colored and visually distinct from each other, so you'll never be blindsided by a bot with a bigger attack than you expected. Each level culminates in a reactor fight just like Descent as well, and these get progressively trickier as you go along. I still haven't beaten this game because the final stage is honestly pretty tricky! But I've gotten there a few times.The main complaints I've got about the game so far are primarily in regards to level design and some minor balance nitpicks. The random level generation is awesome about 80% of the time, but occasionally it'll create a level with a long, long branch that only ends in a dead end. This happened to me on the last stage once, and boy was it frustrating to know I could've gone into that final encounter with full health instead of at 50/250! Also, crafting items occasionally produces pretty weird results, that aren't better than the original components by any stretch of imagination. But aside from that, all I can really hope for is that this wonderful timesuck continues to receive support and content updates. I'd happily pay the purchase price over again for another several levels, new weapons, and new bots a couple months down the line. Multiplayer or third-person mode maybe? That'd be genius.In any case, I'm rambling, and I'm going to go back to shooting robots. If you have even the most distant, foggy, faint memories of the Descent, Terminal Velocity, or Forsaken games, you owe it to yourself to give this a try. And at this price point, it's not too bitter of a pill to swallow.Verdict? Would buy this game TWICE."
,Recommended,327880,18450571,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Jinx,"This is kinda ""The Binding of Issac"" or ""Nuclear Throne"" in a little spaceship: 1 life & permadeath, many weapons, randomly generated items, procedurally generated levels, movement-based skill, attention-based attacking, achievements unlock more things for future plays.To further the comparison, just like in BoI, when you inevitably die you shout ""Noooooooooooooo!"" and then ""Just one more try!""Take Descent, add in shiny lighting so it's not dreary, add randomization, and remove the need to find the exit after blowing up the core (my least favorite part of Descent) and here we are.Movement is fluid & fast, sounds are great, music is chiptune and GOOD (not the annoying too-high pitched with distorted ""bass"" backbeat type).And I freakin' love that it doesn't have the passe-modern automatic shield regeneration after a pause. Gets me on the edge of my seat at 1% health and slowly peering around corners, I love that classic thrill possible from pre-2000s FPS games!UPDATE August 2016 -- Sublevel Zero has a VR mode now. It's really neat to feel like you're actually sitting in the cockpit and to be able to look around freely.  However, because the game (the way I play it normally) involves a lot of strafing, rolling, and flipping around at quick speeds I could only play 10 minutes in VR before starting to feel a little queasy in my stomach & a little dizzy.So if you're prone to simulator sickness, just beware.Still a great game in normal 2-D!UPDATE October 2016 -- I still can't handle it in VR mode for more than 10 minutes. But it's so neat looking!"
76561197973490554,Recommended,327880,18432119,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,xsvenom,Recommend this game to be added to your collection. Use an Xbox controller. Good choice on this game at a very fair price.
76561198087198302,Recommended,327880,18426440,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,bhall,"Fantastic game, really wish there was a save game function.This is a wonderful recreation of Descent with a retro-modern aesthetic. The game is practically perfect in every way. My one complaint, and it's a big one, is the lack of ability to save the game at all.  I get that it makes it novel/more challenging, but I don't typically get more than 10-15 minutes to play a game and when I do, it's for enjoyment, not a huge challenge.  For me, this means that in it's current state, I'm unlikely to ever finish it. It also means that I'm likely always starting at level 0 or 1. (You can save and quit after you complete a level, at least.)At least it's a new game every time with respect to the generated world.If an option is added to save the game (or at least the level progress) then this will be something I'll really dig into. Until then, I probably won't play too much, which is a shame, as it's such a great, fun game.That said, it's still great. If you enjoyed Descent and/or are able to devote large chunks of time to it, just buy it. The devs did an outstanding job of modernizing one of my favourites."
,Recommended,327880,18432939,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,duskesko,"tl;drSigtrap Games tried to make a unique and fun first-person roguelike that would stand out against the crowd.They succeeded gloriously.Descent-ish ship, 6DOF, Solid controls and movement, Gorgeous graphics, Solid audio effects, and a fitting sountrack that doesn't distract from the game.Plenty of weapons to customize to different playstyles but not TOO many."
,Recommended,327880,18654627,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Tudhalyas,"Sublevel Zero has been a very nice surprise to me.The game is by all accounts a spiritual successor of the classic 6DOF (i.e. six degrees of freedom) shooter game Descent, combined with retro aesthetics, both in the visuals and audio departments, andsomeroguelite game features -- only one savegame, permanent death, and extremely high difficulty.The purpose of the game is to get through a series of 6 dungeons called ""sublevels"" where you have to defeat hordes of increasingly nastier robot opponents, culminating in the destruction of a plasma reactor that gets more badass defenses as you proceed. To make up to the increased difficulty, the player can gather weapons and ship subsystems dropped by the enemies and use it on their own ship, as well as ammunition, ship repair units and ""nanites"", that is the ""currency"" used to craft a new item starting from two you already own -- for example, a pulsar energy weapon and an autocannon can be crafted into a minigun.The idea is very simple, yet highly entertaining. It feels fresh each time you start a new game as each dungeon is procedurally generated and therefore it's something like you have never played before. Again, I cannot stress this enough:this is a hard game.A really hard one like I haven't seen in years... but it has that charm that makes you come back for more again and again.One special mention goes to the soundtrack, written by Will Bedford: it is a marvelous blend of chiptune and orchestral music, and really fits the atmosphere of Sublevel Zero!The game is currently available for Windows only but should get builds for both Linux and Mac shortly.Would I change something about it? Yes, there is definitely some room for impovement: crafting should more varied and worthwhile by adding additional features/characteristics to the weapons and ship subsystems, so that we can get more crafting possibilities; moreover, please let us recycle unused items into nanites that could be used for something else!My vote: 9 / 10."
76561197970425742,Recommended,327880,18464774,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Tater,"Love this game,   Descent 2 is still my favorite game after playing hundreds upon hundreds of games over 2 decades.  Waiting paitently for Descent Underground and found this little gem.  What a great game.  So smooth and for anyone who has any experience with the classic Descent.   Highly recomended!"
76561197960728400,Recommended,327880,21799987,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,TSBaron,"Those who have played Descent and Forsaken will be treated to a delightful roguelite twist to the small but growing 6 Degrees of Freedom shooter genre. Those who have no concept of what a 6 Degree of Freedom shooter is will be treated to a dizzying and challenging shooter where up can turn into down, levels are never the same, ammo and armor are to be conserved and damage is not automatically restored if you take cover from fire for 30 seconds. The roguelite elements are interesting and the joy of improving your gunship and weapons is quickly followed by the pain of having to start all over after you fail to evade the enemy robot's fire because you didn't pay attention to what's behind you. Players who love to have somewhere new to explore will be rewarded both by the experience and by the items you will find dropped by both enemies you defeat and contained in chests you will open. Players who expect their shooters to have both feet on the ground, health that regenerates, and static levels lacking few surprises after the first few playthroughs need not apply. Those who wish to soar and be free, come get your wings."
76561197989829963,Recommended,327880,18388821,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Empryze,"This game is about as close to the experience of single player descent I or II that you can possibly get without playing those games themselves.  The random generation of the levels basically gives you unlimited new experiences since the map is never the same.  It has excellent roguelike elements in it and you do unlock new blueprints and ship variations so you do gain something from your deaths.Graphics/Sound:The game is full of charm.  The graphics have a retro ""pixelated texture"" quality to them but they are simultaneously crisp with all the modern particles and lighting effects you could ask for.  They fit the game perfectly.  The 8 bit soundtrack has a very chill quality to it, and I found myself switching to a controller and kicking back with a cup of coffee to go along with it.Gameplay:IT takes a couple attempts to get the hang of the menus/weapon types/ammo/crafting system, but the overall learning curve for me was less than 30 minutes.  On my third playthrough I had already reached the final room of sublevel 4.  I had been playing so safely and sniping turrets with my super laser gauss cannon, but I lost focus for a moment and burst into the room.  You see, the game messes with your head.  You want to stay safe and dodge behind doors especially when you are coming into a new room and you don't know what is lurking around the corner, but if you snipe something from the doorway you want to get to its location quickly to pick up the nano bits and powerups because you need all the resources you can get to craft that sweet new weapon.  So I charged in to grab the nano bits from 3 turrets I had killed and got wrecked by the core.  Oh well, time to start again.  I'm really curious to see what happens once I clear sublevel 5, and the game is so much fun to play you don't mind dying and starting over.  Every playthrough you get different weapons with different stats, play different levels etc.  The enemies have the solid AI that you expect from a Descent-like game. Its not quite on Descent 3 level, but honestly we are in 2015 and that game still has some of the best AI ever seen in gaming.Summary:This is a very fun and seamless marriage of the 6DOF fun of the early descent games and the replayability and progression system of a good roguelike.  Before I bought this game I read reviews that criticized the crafting system but honestly it is a blast and I feel like my new weapons are exciting and powerful.  There is no doubt in my mind that this game was lovingly crafted by individuals who played and understood what made the single player portion of the original descent games fun.  I can already tell that this will become my go to game when I just want to kick back and have some fun.  I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys 6DOF.  At 15 bucks its a good value - on sale its even better."
,Recommended,327880,18391998,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Velmeran,"This is a game, that simply needs to be played by a LARGE swath of people, old and new.  The game design is TIGHT and they are keeping things simple and clear in an intelligent way. Enemies ai and attack patterns are balanced, different, and when mixed keep you on your toes.Game developers should be looking at this and then back at their own projects and really paying attention to how focused this game is."
,Recommended,327880,18433893,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Fritzy,"Sublevel zero scratches all of the itches. You can unlock ships and parts as you play, so the permanent death doesn't feel like completely starting over. The crafting starts out slow, since you won't have many weapon types unlocked at first, but it builds up the more you play. The controls are smooth and the combat is fun. The game is great as it is, especially at the price, with many hours of gameplay entertaining. The devs have promised to keep adding content, which is great, because a little more depth of crafting, level design, and combat would add many more hours of fun."
,Recommended,327880,18439126,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Metsys,"If you enjoyed Descent, I strongly recommend this game. It's a really well made 6DOF rouge-like that plays pretty smooth once you disable mouse acceleration and smoothing from the options menu. You might need to do something similar if using a joystick.Gameplay: it's solid. Pretty basic and arcady, but it feels good and being a long-time Descent player it wasn't hard to get a hold of with a few setting tweaks. I felt right at home. There's 6 sublevels and each level will take you about 15 minutes to beat, at which point there's a stopping point so you can save and exit or continue to the next level. There's permadeath so if you die or decide to quit during before the end of each level you have to start over.The visual style is solid but being able to identify the glowing bots againts some of the glowing backgrounds can get tricky at times. I felt that incorporating specular and emit components to the pixel art textures brought it all to life in a way I haven't seen before. That with the colorful and well-placed light made for a very unique Tron-like feel.The music is absolutely fantastic. Will Bedford specializes in orchestral music and did a great job mixing cinematic with chiptune elements. I'm not a fan of chiptune but he totally made it work here. It's subtle. It's dynamically performed with slides and vibratos, The mixture of the orchestral instruments and the chiptune synths just works really well. Best part of the game.I'm expecting the game to grow and have more meat on it as time goes on. There's not a whole lot of different room types and the levels, even though they are random, are pretty linear in their layout with the occational branch to it. These levels are not maze-like. The rooms could be bigger and allow for some better dogfighting. The bots are varied and interesting. Some bots will try to ram you, some have scatter shot or a charge-up sniper shot. Some bots try to blind you. The bots here feel more varied than the bots in Descent II. As with pretty much all rouge-likes, I'm going to expect to see updates with more randomly generated content to pull from as the game gets updatedIn short, very faithful Descent-like game, definitely the best one I've played, and I've played quite a few and this is the only Descent clone that didn't dissapoint me. I recommend buying it so you can throw money at these guys so the game can be expanded. The scope of the project was very well excecuted and there's tons of potential here if the gaming community supports it."
,Recommended,327880,18439696,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,AndrewofDoom,This game rekindled my desire to play Descent. It was my childhood practically and this game gives me the same feel as it (Although this game is far less forgiving because once you die it's game over).
,Recommended,327880,18445820,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,smokebang,"Short version: Fun and easy to play. Playable by everyone, whether you prefer, FPS, RTS, or MOBA. This game is definetly worth getting!!9,5/10Great job!Long version:This is a very interesting title. The combat is intense, the crafting is well balanced and the lore is interesting.I struggle to find any bad features, buggs, etc.The game features a spaceship exploring an abandoned science station full with defence systems. As you progress, you face harder enemies, making the game quite a challenge. I have not yet had the time to play this game for more than 7 hours, but I cannot think of one second where I felt bored.There are some features that I personally would like to see in the future, maybe as a DLC or patched right into the game. I would love to see some kind of a multiplayer mode. Since this game force you to be tactical I think that a multiplayer mode (in form of deathmatch or maybe capture the flag or something in between those lines) could be really successful. I would also like to see more advanced crafting, more weapons, more ships, and maybe even drones that help you on your journey.To sum things up: I RECOMMEND THIS GAME TO EVERYONE DROPPING BY! Why? It is fun, easy to pick up, and has great mechanics."
76561197971821513,Recommended,327880,18449651,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Canexican,"so far so good, i always love a reason to pull out a joystick!"
76561197986308073,Recommended,327880,18439755,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Jim Slather,Brilliant - a true successor to the classic Descent of the 1990's.  This game is perfect.  Great work!!
76561198043622938,Recommended,327880,18447515,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,redsawq4,It's a great game if you like flying and shooting and procedural and fun.
,Recommended,327880,18434246,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,tehOMGfather,Parallax would be proud… or♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥because this is a roguelike Descent done right.
76561197961745852,Recommended,327880,29971219,Posted: 16 February,all,Diman,"It's a fun game. If you played Descent in the old school days, you'll like this game. Although for a Descent Vet like me, the game is a bit easy.Graphics look nice. Sound track is really worth it. The sound track is catchy and actually changes when you enter a new environment. The music also dynamically changes when you enter combat.The game has rogue lite elements in that you only have 1 life and the game is different each time you play it."
,Recommended,327880,33558762,Posted: 15 July,all,Saturn2K,"This is a beaitful and challenging game.  The enemy and level design perfectly complements the 6 degree of movement flying you can do with a controller.  The more you play, the more ships and weapons you unlock, like most roguelikes.  I think it does that well.  This way you learn the basics and find your own playstyle rather than being overwhelmed by hundreds of combinations.In a way, the flying is really relaxing.  This really turned me on to 6 DOF flying games.  I've put about 150 hours into this game, and with the new update that number will keep growing."
,Recommended,327880,20518435,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Cream-of-Plenty,"Sublevel Zero is one of the most enjoyable 6DoF games you've probably never heard of.Its inspirations are immediately obvious, right down to your ship's appearance--this is Descent by way of roguelite.  The execution is simple:  Alone, you pilot your ship 6-levels deep into a procedurally-generated asteroid base (dungeon), collecting intel and items while fighting robotic opponents.  True to form, if you die, you have to start all over.There are a few interesting additions to the recipe, however.  For instance, weapons have a characteristic-naming system that affects their stats.  So you won't just find a ""Laser"", you'll find a ""Chaotic Laser"", a ""Useless Laser"", a ""Razor Laser"", etc.  Each quality tends to modify weapons and items in certain ways, but there's also enough randomness to the system that small differences can even be found between two identically named weapons.Ship customization comes in the form of hulls (re: ""armor"" in another roguelike) and engines (...something other than armor).  Hulls can be swapped out on the fly in order to modify how much stuff--both items and ammo--you can carry, as well as your hitpoints; engines can be swapped out to change movement, boost, and ramming stats.  This whole system sits on top of your choice of 8* ships that basically act like classes, so there's a decent amount of variety in the ships you can end up with.  *You only start off with access to 1 ship, however.But perhaps the most unexpected gameplay mechanic--something I didn't realize when I started playing--is that Sublevel Zero has a crafting system.  As you play, you unlock crafting options that allow you to combine weapons or items into new things.  The whole system is fairly opaque--it's not always easy to tell HOW or WHY you unlocked a certain recipe--but it's a pretty interesting feature that produces an extensive arsenal including flamethrowers, lasers, miniguns, rocket launchers, pulsars, homing missiles, grenades, and autocannons.  The individual characteristics and stats of each weapon/item seem to influence the final product, too, so you might have greater success sacrificing ""Berserker"" or ""Savage"" items instead of ""Slow"" or ""Useless"" items.So is it challenging?  For a roguelite, I'd say that Sublevel Zero can definitely put up a fight.  Repair kits are relatively uncommon, occupy an item slot (a big deal when the basic ship only has 12 inventory slots) and take time to work.  The first level may be inhabited by slow and ponderous robots that are easy to outmaneuver, but it isn't long before the game is throwing nimble, twirling, machinegunning drones, bumrushing drillbots, and worse at you.  Ammo (or lack thereof) can be an issue too, emphasizing diversifying your arsenal and spending nanites (space gold) wisely on your upgrades.A few cons:1.  No vibration support for gamepads2.  I haven't unlocked all of the ships yet, but everything so far is aesthetically identical to the default ship.  It'd be nice if they looked different.3.  No Descent-style ""Guide Bot"" to help navigate the increasingly large sprawls of later levels.4.  No secret areas.I can't exactly say that the roguelike/roguelite market is packed with 6DoF games, which makes Sublevel Zero a refreshing installment in an otherwise saturated genre.  If you've been looking for something that scratches that Descent/Forsaken itch, this game might be just what you need."
76561198049257442,Recommended,327880,23906865,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Steveggz,Outstanding game and graphics.When I first started the game up I was very disappointed to find out it was made with the Unity game engine. But luckily the programmers made the game work and run smooth without major stuttering. The game has to be running at max fps vsync in order not to stutter and g-sync doesn't work on Unity games. But lowering my refresh rate to 85hz it never dips below.The games graphics are beautiful. Ambiance is amazing. Gameplay and controls are great.10/10
76561198044462793,Recommended,327880,18453209,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Norad,"Decent 1 and 2 were some of my favorite and most played video games as a child.Rogue-likes have found a place in my heart for being able to feel accomplished without necessarily having to put weeks and months of effort in a single goThis game is an everlasting gobstopper of videogame.Will come back for more detailed review, just needed to get the up vote out there."
,Recommended,327880,18455389,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,wrxplore,If you had any fun with the descent series you will get more than your money's worth out of this title. It feels right.
76561197976343809,Recommended,327880,18468875,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Pudenfuhrer,"Fantastic game.This sounds obvious but the best thing about the game is simple feel of moving about the environments and firing the weapons.  It is really well nailed, really tight and fortunately this game follows up on that by giving me a depth of reasons and excuses to keep exploring: later levels having new tougher enemies, new environmental hazards to interact with, unlocks and upgrade choices (that often adversely effect something else), a developing crafting system.  There are also (and least interestingly) findable text logs that allude to the storyline.  All of this feeds into giving you a strong motivation to continue that original gameplay loop that is so satisfying and forms a very tight and efficient experience -considering in 4-5 hours I'm usually not out of the tutorial in a AAA style game.The moment to moment enjoyment can also be at whatever speed suits you and takes place through randomised/ procedural levels.  Personally I like to creep through the hulks quite slowly and it's a suitably atmospheric place to do so.  There is a feel of System Shock old school horror I really like, as well as something even older (Driller or Mercenary).The length of the levels so far hasn't become so involved that I feel lost and unable to cope, yet remains challenging and interesting.  The mapping tool is fantastically designed and readable which also helps to keep you right should you need to view it.The loot system is varied and fun - quickly you find guns that suit you that you try and collect parts for.  That gives a more memorable structure and a narrative to a particular run: often I compromise which weapons I might want to use against realistically which do I need to keep going to have weapons of different ammunition feeds available.  I like how decisive and different the weapons feel too.Enemies are quite varied, as you get further in prepare to be sniped, shotgun zerg rushed, booby trapped and ambushed by floating ships, tanks and mounted turrets (sometimes around corners you never saw grr).  This part of the game makes me feel like I'm doing CBT drill, clearing out and securing rooms, and the additional physical dimension adds to the challenge.  The tension and release cycle is satisfying and after battles I typically find myself counting bullets and checking my health.Graphically and sonically it's also wonderfully evocative.My game of the year already - I absolutely adore it."
76561198047726145,Recommended,327880,18487460,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Zar ryc,"Review based on 1 hour of gameplay:Good game.The best tactic to take no damage is to hug the room doors and dont go in untill you clean♥♥♥♥♥♥up. Game counters that by leaving you without ammo at the end of the level tho. Cores can be camped behind cover too.I also love the style of the game. Pixel + Neon.Also funny thing, menu gives my pc more load than the actual game.Review based on 2 hours of gameplay:After another hour of gameplay, I realised that TB was wrong saying that there is no weapon variety. There are a lot of weapons in game, but you have to craft them, not get as drops. You get primary weapons as drops, then you combine them to make better ones.Also I realised that staring at this game makes stuff spin when you stop playing it.One more hour have passed:I said that you can camp cores. Sploilers but core 5 broke my neck when I tried to do that."
76561198077820132,Recommended,327880,18463144,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,CheezonFire,"Dont write many reviews but I will write one for this game. It is a throwback to DECENT whichI loved growing up it was my first multiplayer experience and I was good at it. The mechanics of thegame run the same as Decent and I love that. Sound track is good not annoying like some other games,but my only question is WHERE IS MULTIPLAYER!!! Whats better than playing this game would be playing thisgame against your friends!! If the developers read this I hope they can create a multiplayer update! Love the gameNostalgia!!"
,Recommended,327880,18453977,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Duffking,"This is a brilliant revivial of the 6DOF genre, with a couple of flaws that the developer seems keen to fix.The setup is fairly standard for a rogue-lite game - you've got 6 procedurally generated levels, each one a little longer than the last. Each level typically features one or two new enemy types, to the point where at the end you're fighting all sorts of enemies at once.The enemy variety is one of SLZ's main strengths - each different enemy is instantly recognisable from its shape and colour, and each poses a unique threat, from the green drones with shotgun-like blasts to the little sniper guys that focus on hit and run attacks. With a bit of practice, you'll be entering rooms and making tactical choices for how to win each fight on the fly.Enemies drop weapons, engines and hulls. Each of these can be crafted together to make new weapons - combine an impact laser with an autocannon and you'll make a railgun, for example. Some of the results are initially underwhelming, but the top tier weapons are really, really powerful. You'll have to learn what weapons work best for you.A final piece of the gameplay is nanocarts - you'll get to pick an upgrade at the end of each stage, often with a trade off: higher damage in exchange for a reduced fire rate, for example.SLZ nails the feeling of 6DOF movement - you'll be gliding about the levels effortlessly in no time if you're familiar with the Descent series. With a decent number of unlockables, there's good replay value here.Flaws? Well, many of the nanocarts are a bit underwhelming so far. There's been a few occasions I didn't want to take any of them at the end of a stage. There's a few too many long dead ends and forced backtracking as a result of locked doors. A bit more variety in the environments would be welcome. And the balance is skewed heavily favouring hitscan weapons in the later stages. But the developer is active on the forums, and updates are promised so I'm sure all of this will be rectified."
,Recommended,327880,18392244,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Radiance,"Simple but fun. Controls feel great. Enemies could stand to be more interesting, but it just feels so natural to move about in the game's environment, and there's lots of pretty colors, so it's addictive."
,Recommended,327880,18476051,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Nuc_Temeron,"Exceeds my expectations in every way.I thought it would be a novelty game, but the gameplay is surprisingly fun.I expected that my Rhino X-55 HOTAS would be a pain to set up and impossible to play effectively with, but much to my surprise it controls just as well as Elite: Dangerous. The default keybindings for the stick and throttle were horrid, but it was easy to delete them and rebind them in-game.The procedural generation is outstanding, in my opinion. I remember being often mind-boggled in Descent, trying to find the missing door. Not so in this game. The map is well-designed and easy to understand. The corridors are twisty and interesting. It's a fun environment to fly around in. I love the glowy art style and the variations in environments and enemies.My first impression, after about 3 1/2 hours, is that I should have paid $30 for this, but I paid $12.74. An excellent value, particularly if you have a stick and throttle."
,Recommended,327880,22467212,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Mindcrime,Miss Descent? Get this game now! Nuff said.
,Recommended,327880,18389464,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Lovely,"- Controls flow smoothly, plays just like Descent.- HUD is rather confusing at times.- Very pleasing visuals, gun play is quite fun however a tad slow paced.- Content is very little, hoping for more content patches in the future.- Though advertised as a rogue-like, gameplay is somewhat linear and lacking in variety.- Music fits the visuals perfectly, the sounds all-around are quite enjoyable.All around, I'd wait for the price to go down to $10 or so, or wait until content patches. It's nice for a casual play or two, but the lack in initial variety just fails to hooks me in long enough to play past a death or two."
76561197968645771,Not Recommended,327880,23983038,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,celko,"I quite like the game, but I can't recommend it with the current save system:You can only save and quit after each level. If you quit during a level your ENTIRE RUN IS WIPED, not just progress since the last level. This makes Sublevel Zero completely unsuitable for shorter sessions, which other rogue-lites excel at.For comparison, FTL can save and quit anywhere, even mid-fight, not just every sector. The Binding of Isaac Rebirth can save and quit every room and not just every floor. And neither of them wipe your entire run if you have to quit at the wrong point."
76561198052575335,Recommended,327880,18455546,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,MaxBetatron,"Anyone who grew up on Descent also grew up in the prime 8-bit era of gaming. This game marries the two into a very satisfying retro/modern gaming experience. This is a must-own for anyone who misses the tight controls and perfectly crunchy sounds of the 90's masterpiece. That plus crafting and different guns leaves the player feeling nostalgic and generally awesome.prosPretty much Descent with a combination of updated graphics and downgraded graphics to make a fever dream worth the money.- Music is very effective chip-tunes. Lovely.- Sound effects are thoughtfully done and very impressive.- Graphics are unique.- Gameplay is smooth as butter.- Battles are fierce.- The game is challenging.ConsIf you can't take the heat of the orginal Descent, this game is very similar in gameplay. However, with the added layers of customizability this game may very well still impress.- ""Love it or hate it"" artistic look.- Large learning curve for those used to a more linear experience .There really isn't anything else like this on the market right now.10/10 would snag this puppy up again."
76561197979643793,Recommended,327880,18640702,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,RustyRaven,"If you have ever played Descent then you pretty much know what you're in for already, but Sublevel Zero does do several things different enough and improves on the ""original"" formular to warrant it's own release.The good:+The controls are super tight.+The weapons all feel different and useful.+Graphics have a sweet neo retro feel.+The soundtrack is absolutely amazing.The bad:-The crafting system feels very obtuse.-The game lacks any index where you can see unlocks and crafting combinations.-The story is paper thin and the collectible text diaries repeat often.-Ramming is basically useless.Bottom line:Sublevel Zero is a flawed indie gem that combines Descent with rogue-like elements, awesome music and a cool aesthetic."
76561198071083886,Recommended,327880,18463699,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,SlimJim4567,Do you like Descent ? Then get this.
,Recommended,327880,28133883,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,rooster 🐔,"This game is amazing. A 6dof loyal to Descent with a flare of roguelike, it doesn't hold your hand at all and I love it. No two runs are the same with procedural levels. I love the crunchy art. Beat the game in 7 hours but the different unlockables make playing it again worth it. Amazing buy- go get it!"
,Recommended,327880,33528255,Posted: 13 July,all,DBCONNECTIONERROR,"*VR Only Review*Disclaimer:  I've literally never played Forsaken or Descent, so I don't have anything to compare this to nostalgia-wise.Picked it up, I really like the art style and love the music - but not fully having my VR legs the movement was still a bit rough for me.  I know it'd be a game breaking addition, but I kept feeling like if I could look-to-target, I would be moving less and therefore less motion sickness feelings.  I felt a bit swimmy after playing it for 45 minutes.  With strong VR legs or if I had some nostalgia to base this on, it would have been a solid purchase but not quite for me.I *did* refund it, but I think the game interesting enough that probably a lot of people will like it, it just wasn't quite for me."
,Recommended,327880,28035368,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,mockingb1rdblue,"A vary good 6DOF shooter with smooth movement, and great procedurally generated levels that flow very well. Get to the reactor by fighting through hordes of robots, get better weapons, get to the next level, get dead, get again."
,Recommended,327880,29198098,Posted: 11 January,all,McFoul,"If you ever played Descent or Forsaken back in the day, you know what to expect here. Really good spiritual sucessor to both. Good rogue like systems, great music, graphics are appropriate for the genre. There are some bugs with the Audio but nothing game breaking. Overall solid videogame, worth full price."
,Recommended,327880,29792231,Posted: 8 February,all,radio_babylon,"this is, without question, the very best VR-supported game i own, and one of my favorite games in general, with or without the Oculus on...gameplay is fast, smooth, and at times wonderfully frantic. while this is a 6DoF game, the tight controls (and full re-binding options) combined with a few quality of life options for controlling roll and auto-level keep SLZ from the common disorientation problems i often have with other 6DoF games (yeah, im lookin at you, NeonXSZ). i never feel like i get so turned around i dont know which way i was coming or going. speaking of which, there is a fantastic and easy to use and read map interface, which is absolutely needed with the randomly generated level layouts... so even if you do get turned all around, its easy to find where you are and where youve been and get back on track.there is a good variety of weapons (with arpg-style random modifiers), and a so/so variety of enemies to blast with them (although i still havent made it past the 4th level, so there may be greater variety yet to come). thanks to the 6DoF structure of the game, enemies can and will come at you from every direction, and you really have to stay on your toes since its easy to miss one or two of them hiding in a little nook in a room.as mentioned earlier, there is arpg-style loot in the form of weapons, engines, and ship hulls, and depending on what you get (and what you decide you like) you can employ a number of different playstyles. there is also crafting, whereby you can create new items by combining two other items and some 'money' as well as lootable blueprints to expand your crafting options. inventory space is, however, very limited so it is best to have a good idea of what youll want to craft ahead of time since you wont be able to carry much.if i had to pick something to complain about, it would be that weapons require ammo.  sometimes the RNG just screws you over, and i am often very low on (or completely out of) ammo for my prefered weapon, forcing me to carry around weapons that use other ammo types... which, given the very limited inventory space, means i often cant craft anything because i have to many 'spare' weapons to use when my main weapons run dry. missiles, in particular, seem to almost never drop...i understand i should be using them sparingly, but still, sometimes ill go an entire level and not find one single missile ammo drop. very irritating.as for VR support, it is limited to head tracking for free-look. there are no motion controls, but really, the game doesnt need them... with the fov set to max, the view in the HMD is totally immersive, with clear and readable UI. the menus feel just a little bit too close to my face, but not so close as to be a problem, unlike many other vr-supported games. others i have demoed the game for in the rift have complained of motion sickness and disorientation, but honestly i dont have problems at all... it may be i just have good 'vr legs' but i dont experience any discomfort with this game. if you do, i recommend playing 'adr1ft' for a few hours. if you can acclimate to that, i guarantee youll never have issues with any other vr game.all in all, highly recommended. and if you have a vive or rift, its a must-buy."
,Recommended,327880,29092216,Posted: 7 January,all,Toumal,"This is a great little game that screams for online/coop support, alas there's no such thing yet. VR support is very solid and works great, despite this feature being in the beta branch still. All interfaces are optimized and highly usable in VR. If you're looking for a Descent-like game in VR, pick this one up."
76561198156868086,Recommended,327880,29753051,Posted: 6 February,all,Wynter,"I LOVE THIS GAME.please note though that you will get rusty FAST. do not expect to do phenomenal on the first time or after being off for even a few days, give it a chance, and you will quickly get better, or regain lost skill.this game is amazing, i would be 3 times as much, get it."
,Recommended,327880,20056200,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Hoot.avi,"ABSOLUTELY PHENOMENAL.If you're a fan of Descent or any 6DOF game, this game will scratch an itch you didn't even know you had.9/10. Not 10/10 because the DK2 beta needs some more work."
76561198013020097,Recommended,327880,26237103,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,The Orange Rams,"Very good 6DOF game! It plays very much like classic Descent and beeing able to use my Vive just adds another dimension to that feeling ;-) Fortunately the game is highly customizable so I can use the same keyboard and mouse settings I learned to fly with more than 20 years ago. This games is very well optimized and runs in VR on my low spec system flawslessly. If you like single player Descent-like games, this is a must-have especially if you own a VR head set."
,Recommended,327880,27778324,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Stungun,"This game is absolutely brilliant. A lot of time, effort, inspiration, and hard work clearly went into making this game. And it shows on multiple different levels.Visually the game is very interesting to look at, although it has an unusual aesthetic. Top notch visual effects are used (e.g. lighting and shading), but the actual textures themselves appear to be deliberately low-fi, with gigantic pixels clearly visible on every terrain surface. It just seems to work, although sometimes it can lend to a little bit of difficulty navigating cavern environments. Weapon effects are simplistic but used in such a way that they actually seem... right, somehow.The game is a treat to the ear as well, especially when you consider the soundtrack. This has to be the most beautiful soundtrack I've heard in a game with dynamic music. I dare say that the music is as three-dimensional as the environments you fly in -- as changing environments (some of the levels are divided into multiple different environments), entering heated battles, and the like will augment the current song on the fly; entering caverns will make the music become more subdued, getting into a big fight will ramp up the drums and bass, etc. And that's all on top of there being several discrete 'base' songs. The music alone makes the experience well worth the price.Level design is, of course, procedurally generated via the method you would expect -- prefabricated rooms are connected to one another in a random order. However it also occasionally hooks connecting tunnels as secondary passages between doors, and these tunnels seem to be able to twist and bend at multiple different points. The prefabricated rooms in the 'man-made' environment all have that Descent feel to them -- it's pretty clear that the designer took inspiration from the original, notable rooms in Descent and made minor tweaks to give them a little character of their own. My one complaint would be the cop-out the game uses to bar off dead-ends (replacing the door or doorway with an obvious unopenable, sealed door with a red X going through it).Gameplay-wise, this is a definite hit. Save for the roguelite elements, it really does feel like a worthy spiritual successor to Descent. It hits the nail on the head with everything that 6DoF should be. But expect to die a lot, of course -- it is very difficult, but enough mad skills can get you through the day... with plenty of practice. And a good control setup.The game handles very well and you can set it up to anything that works for you. Mouse and keyboard, gamepad, what have you. (If only the D-pad on my Saitek P990 hadn't broke off...) It's a cardinal sin to restrict your ability to remap controls, and one I'm thankful that these guys avoided -- but it shouldn't be surprising since the pioneer of this genre allowed absolute freedom in customizing controls.Other cool things: The game supports resolutions so low you've probably not seen them since the early 2000s. It actually recognizes my gamepad and names the buttons on them (""Black button, silver button, FPS button"") correctly.If you loved Descent, and you're a fan of rogue-lite games, there's really no reason not to get this game, in my honest opinion. (okay, maybe if you've got an old computer that can't run it smoothly, that would be a reason...)"
,Recommended,327880,32542109,Posted: 18 June,all,Bee O'Problem,If you're a fan of the Descent series of games check this one out.Combining gameplay from Descent with item crafting and a story and soundtrack reminicent of VVVVV has resulted in a game with its own unique character while retaining everything that made Descent fun.Edit: Redux is here now. It's the same great game but with even more content.
76561198077815485,Recommended,327880,32409027,Posted: 14 June,all,Crystal_ignition (exo),"very fun rougelight in the style of a 6 degree shooter, the crafting element adds a lot to eleviate the slow loot grind of preious rougelights by giving you control of the pacing you get new guns.alogn with a combat system that is pleasing on the eyes and has some weight to it as you blast enemies back and watch them explodevery enjoyable experience that i still enjoy to this day"
,Recommended,327880,18475656,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Blunderbub,"Love this game, especially if you have access to a controller! lots of colours and lots of action, cant recommend it enough. really my ONLY beef with this game is that i cant seem to Unbind the missiles from the left trigger on my 360 gamepad as id like to use it for boost instead, but for whatever reason when i bind it it makes me boost AND fire missiles. minor inconvenience, but would like it fixed. If you have the money laying around, its worth everypenny!*EDIT* Since I've posted this an update has come out and fixed my binding issues. I now fully aprove of this title. Thumbs up bros (Y)"
76561198293908080,Recommended,327880,22227615,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,dbasile,I like how it is fairly equally loot and skill based. Fun and replayable.
,Recommended,327880,21475801,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,wmute23,Who needs overcomplicated Descent: Underground? This game is just unbelievable addictive!
76561198082438220,Recommended,327880,21530098,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,ZiTo_HiMSeLF,"It's like Descent, but with procedurally generated levels and upgrade crafting.  It's very fun, and extremely challenging, the music is mesmorizing.  Highly recommended especially for any fans of the old Descent series.  Or people who are fans of FPS in general.  This game does not hold your hand, you will need to be good to beat the game.Definitely check out Sublevel Zero."
,Recommended,327880,21310803,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,LesZedCB,"This is every bit as fun as classic descent. They nailed the aesthetic, and the music is pretty nice too, though more light hearted.This is a roguelike. If you die, you start over from sublevel 0. It has weapon crafting and inventory which is a fun mechanic. My only complaint the robots tend to look kinda similar.Overall, HIGHLY RECOMMEND. Super fun if you loved original descent."
,Recommended,327880,18432429,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,SchnozBott,"Crafted flak gun, fired at a wall, killed myself.10/10 would Descend again"
,Recommended,327880,18448763,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,der Ficker vom Dienst,"Alright, to say it straight at the beginning, I love sublevel zero. It is an awesome game and reminded me of descent,which was a very awesome game back in the day. However this game still has some flaws.First off, the structural composition is a little wanky from time to time. The game clearly benefits from the procedurally created environment, but more often than not, there are no complex level systems and more tube-like concatenations of level components that eventually lead you to a door with a red X, because you had missed a color key. While that was present in DOOM and all the classics this game gets its inspiration from, it is particularly annoying and grindy in this game, because you often need to travel back through a substantial amount of tunnel distance, to get to the suspected position of the color key.The second flaw resides within the crafting mechanic. It is easily explained: You need 2 weapons and/or engines/hulls, and a moderate amount of ingame currency to craft a new engine, hull etc. But there seems to be no benefit other than clearing up inventory space in it, because the final product often resembles, or merely remnants the stats of the resources put into the crafting. This means, that, if you fuse two bad weapons, you are not going to get a mediocre weapon, but another bad one. I LOVE, that there is a crafting mechanic, I just wish it would make sense to craft new components for your ship.All in all, I am pleased with the game, so I would recommend it, even though some mechanics of the game are not without issues. Have fun, and hopefully the devs will work on this beatiful, fun and full-on nostalgic title!"
76561197970769133,Recommended,327880,18436511,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,^0.:EVL.[^3N^0].CIDE:.PrimalGoo,This game is amazing !!!! I was highly skeptical that this could be anything like Descent as I am/was a huge fan of those hits. Sublevel Zero satifies all desires for Descent. It has a modern HI-RES yet classic feel... Almost nostalgic. I still haven't found a save feature yet however... It does get pretty difficult at times and I find it odd that you have to start over. Otherwise this game is WORTH EVERY PENNY !!! I'm not fans of these creators and I think they have something really good on their hands !! Good job guys !!
,Recommended,327880,28007261,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,P4NT5,This game is pretty great.  A lot like Descent if you're old and remember that.  But different enough to be heaps fun.
76561197994073065,Recommended,327880,33327678,Posted: 6 July,all,tranker,Really good game....such a throwback to descent!!! Brings back so many memories of playing with my sons!! Nice job!
,Recommended,327880,33525958,Posted: 13 July,all,Noticeably F.A.T.,"If you loved games like Descent and Forsaken, Sublevel Zero is a blast. Playing this in VR has been a pretty amazing experience, graphics are great, controls are tight, almost a perfect type of game for a sit and play VR experience.The ""Rogue-like"" aspects of the game are pretty interesting with a huge investment in your ship creating tense firefights.So far I'm pretty impressed."
,Recommended,327880,18438691,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,vaneast,"This is a cool little game. Not very long, but meant to be replayed again and again. The movement and shooting are super enjoyable. Has a simple little crafting system that's worth experimenting with. You'll find really fun guns and missiles in your fifth and sixth playthroughs. I think I'll keep this in my library for a long time for those moments between bigger games when I want to kill an hour with something different. Devs: I'd love to see another game mode or two, maybe something like the endless dungeon at the end of torchlight 1. Good job!"
,Recommended,327880,32711436,Posted: 23 June,all,Hook Me Onii-Chan~,"[played in vr]this is a gorgeous game with everything about it being extremely polished.+music is actually really well done, and compliments the enviroments.+graphics are excellent. inside VR everything looks very crisp and most importantly text is readable. outside theyre amazing for the style+controls are near perfect+IT SUPPORTS HOTAS+replayability through the roof, with more unlockables as you progress+allows a very customizable playstyle through upgrades and after level perks+randomized rooms work well with each other, no break in flow+full button reconfiguration available, allows you to tweak sensitivites in the most minute ways if you wish-menu navigation could be a bit better, or where youre selecting could be more noticeable. couldnt find a way to map menu navigation to my hotas, though that might just be me being an idiotif you like rogue-like(lites...whatever) definitely pick this one up.maybe its because im getting my 'vr legs' but i didnt experience any motion sickness, which is surprising given how frantic everything isthis is definitely the best game ive purchased during the summer sale, and one of my top 10 purchases of 2017"
76561198070587093,Not Recommended,327880,31334847,Posted: 24 April,all,Tranklizer,"Sublevel Zero seems like a game where the level designer and the programmer weren't on the same page about what kind of game it was supposed to be. The level designer thought the game should be third person and the programmer thought it should be first person. This leads to nothing but problems...... but first the stuff I liked.The Good StuffThe colors were nice and vibrant and helped differentiate the rooms.The map screen was very well made and makes it fairly easy to navigate the complex environment, even if having to open it so frequently does break game flow a bitA real effort was made to make a wide variety of enemies each requiring different strategies to defeat them. An effort was made, but mostly for naught because just circle strafing and shooting works on just about all of them.The soundtrack complimented the art styleNow for the stuff I didn't like...The Storyis not worth mentioningThe ViewThe reason why I say the designer probably didn't intend for this to be a first person game originally is because the first person perspective does not compliment the gameplay. In fact, most of the game's difficulty comes from the first person perspective and this makes it averyfrustrating experience. First person already offers a limited view of the environment, but Sublevel Zero takes it a step further by covering nearly half the screen with the ship's cockpit and interface. This is especially problematic because the game emphasizes the six degrees of freedom movement style so much that you could have enemies coming from any direction. Enemieswillblindside you from every angle.Things only get worse when enemies are introduced that chase after you and explode. You have to shoot them so they blow up before they get to you, but you have to keep backing up so you aren't hit by the innevitable explosion. Since the levels are designedwith no sense of flow or structureprocedurally, you will often back up into a wall and not be immediately sure which direction you are supposed to move to keep backing up. The second it takes you to turn your ship around to see what direction to go could cost you your remaining health and, since this is a rogue-like, your run of the game, meaning you have to start everything over again. Normally the solution to this problem would just be to memorize the level layout, but since the levels are random each time, you can't do that. This can also happen when you are strafing to avoid enemy fire but run into a wall that you couldn't see and then you get hit.There is a little sphere in the middle of the interface that looks like a bubble surrounding your ship. It's purely for show because it doesn't tell you anything useful, but I feel as if an opportunity was missed here. Why couldn't the bubble also show me nearby obstacles so I have better situational awareness? I'll never know.The CraftingI feel like there is something I'm not getting about the crafting in this game, because it seems to be both barely there yet the game keeps incentivizing you to use it. The way the crafting works is you have to combine weapons in your inventory with a currency called 'Nanites'. I'm not sure if you are limited to one craft per level but that's all I could manage. Yet the game kept throwing Nanites my way whenever I destroyed an enemy. By the end, I had thousands of Nanites but nothing to spend them on because no weapon combinations seemed to make anything craftable. It would be nice if I had a list of things I could craft and what their required components were so I knew what weapon drops to look out for, but no such thing exists.Gameplay StrategyFor any boasts the game has about variety in its weapons or level design, the game ultimately always boils down to just circle strafing your enemies and shooting whatever weapon you have, because they are all about equally effective. This isn't always possible cause a good number of the rooms in the game are narrow corridors you can't strafe in. When presented with one of these, you have two choices: charge into the next room and start circle strafing, or back-pedal while shooting at whatever enemies you can. Usually, you have to take the second option to avoid enemy fire, and then the game becomes a dull shooting gallery where you hide behind a wall and wait for the enemies to approach you in single-file and take them out as they round the corner. It's boring, but it's the easiest way to survive when repair kits are low.ConclusionI don't like when I play a game for over an hour and then have all my progress thrown away because I was shot dead by an enemy I couldn't see, while backing up into a wall I couldn't see, using the starting weapons because they're basically as useful as every other weapon in the game. I know the point of a rogue-like is to restart from scratch every time, but Sublevel Zero doesn't have enough depth, variety, or player choice to justify being a rogue-like."
,Recommended,327880,18413790,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,cyberpunk99x,this is kickass. if you like descent youll love this. if you don't like descent why are you here
76561198022751934,Recommended,327880,18413797,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Manabender,"Do you remember a game called Descent? I won't blame you if you don't; it came out in '94.Descent was a game years ahead of its time. It hails from an era of gaming history where 3D graphics were beginning to emerge, and the genre-of-choice to take advantage of it was the first-person shooter. It was a different kind of FPS back then; developers aimed to stretch the limits of what their 3D engines could do and deliver the most action-packed experience possible, rather than trying to be gritty and realistic.Of course, most of those FPS'es featured human-like characters running around on the ground. Descent went further. They strapped you into a gravity-defying ship and gave you total control over your movement in all three dimensions. When Descent said it gave you a 3D experience, it MEANT a 3-frikkin-D experience.Sublevel Zero is Descent meets Roguelike. You're strapped into a gravity-defying ship with 6DOF (Descent) that stays dead when it dies (Roguelike)."
,Recommended,327880,18415069,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Sporeian,"While I love it all around, the purposely crapmed environment can get a little too cramped as you cannot dodge some bullets.Good god this game is unforgivingly hard."
,Recommended,327880,18415172,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Sovos,"Feels a lot like playing Decent when I was a kid, but with new and fun mechanics thrown in. The variations of enemies and weapons keep it interesting, and every playthough is different, so you never know what you're going up against or how you're going to equip your ship.2 hours in and alread love this game."
76561198050095717,Recommended,327880,18415458,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Kyosu,"If you played descent and thought ""This could use more weapons, among other things."" then this game is for you, assuming you don't mind lots of neon lights."
,Recommended,327880,18415780,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,zam,Good Descent clone rogue-like.
,Recommended,327880,28280632,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,AgtXenon,"This is one of my favorite experiences on the Vive so far. I’ve never played a “Descent” type game before, so it’s all fresh to me and I love it. I’ll probably have to look more into this genre from now on.Sitting in the ship is really immersive (even with the retro graphics) and I love looking out the side window and being able to see my ship’s cannons. This is probably the most I’ve zipped around in  VR so far; strafing, flipping, rolling, etc. and I’ve never gotten motion sick (though I’m not prone to VR sickness in general).You have to deal with 6 degrees of movement, rotation, weapon selection/firing; which never felt completely natural. The controls are good… but I still haven’t become 100% comfortable with any of the controller layouts. (I used a PS4 controller)The game is not overly complex, but it would have been nice to have better in-game instructions. For example, what do the colors of the items mean?Still, it’s a lot more polished and fun than most of the other Vive games I’ve played. I highly recommend it."
76561197975419221,Recommended,327880,27775451,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Fluffy Bunny Slippers,Love it. I know the Steam VR is only beta but it is one of my new favs.Takes me back to the old Decent days.Using my HOTAS is awesome.Buy this game now.
76561198030519086,Recommended,327880,28470742,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Trogdor,Ridiculously fun Descent-clone type game with great freedom of movement and really nails the retro feel while supporting some modern Roguelike gaming mechanics.  And its incredibly fun and comfortable in the HTC Vive to boot!  ^^  If you like the original Descent from back in the day this is a no-brainer  :)  Cheers Devs - wonderful title.
76561197971251434,Recommended,327880,28280809,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,[MST] Zaphnod,"This game is SUPERB.  Clean, elegant, addictive, and just plain FUN.  I'm playing on a Vive, so there's the extra immersion of VR, but holy cow, I'm loving this game.  The combination of 6DOF + Roguealike is just fabulous.  Give it a try, you will NOT be disappointed."
,Recommended,327880,34992203,Posted: 16 September,all,💐Jess Sersosa💐,ayyy its pretty good if you are a fan of Descent but can't afford the actual spitrual succesor that costs twice as muchits got pretty lights and nice crafting that i like~
76561197966829228,Recommended,327880,31717907,Posted: 13 May,all,Skyl,"I really like this game. I am at about 40 hours of play while writing this review.The game is just fun, the controls are smooth yet still a bit technical. You can clearly see yourself improving after a very few hours of playing. The feeling of moving and shooting, which is about 99% of the game, is really good. You have to always control your speed while fighting because if you go too fast, you will dodge everything but you wont be able to aim. And if you dont move you die. The weapons feel strong and effective which is really important."
76561197962629881,Recommended,327880,18492649,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,AoF.Marauder,"This was this biggest blast I've had since Descent II - and probably the best money I've spent in ages.Expands on Descent with new weapon mechanics, new enemy tactics, and a subtle customization scheme.It isn't Descent - but after trying it, I'm not sure that matters anymore. Wow, I guess I did just say that."
,Recommended,327880,34060845,Posted: 6 August,all,qqmajikpp,"As a HUGE fan of 6DOF style games and having played lots and lots of both Descent and Forsaken, this game takes it back. The art stle and gameplay is unique enough to put it in a league all of its own. With the ability to craft stuff and the procedurally generated levels, the replay value is nearly endless.And now for my favorite part.... the VR aspect.The immersion is incredible. I can sit down and play with a gamepad. It's like really being in the cockpit. I've pretty much trained myself to keep my head still since i've played lots of games kinda simaler. It's nice to look around, but if you played this game without VR, you should probably not look around a whole lot if you want to actually blow things up. I play this in VR mostly but my wife still cant watch me play it since its still up on the screen.... I guess I got a strong stomach since I dont get queasy at all... while doing rolls and everything. If you get motion sick even a little bit.... this game in VR probably isnt for you. I've been hooked on Kingspray for a bit, and I've had Sublevel zero for a while but only recently started playing redux in VR. My new favorite."
,Recommended,327880,35188564,Posted: 24 September,all,fenrif,Rogue-like Descent in VR.It starts off a bit slow owing to a mechanic of unlocking new items for subsiquent playthroughs only after you die (or finish the game) but it's great fun regardless.
76561198027718216,Recommended,327880,18657416,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Mikeytoons,I loved Descent and Forsaken.I watched the video.I bought the game.I love it.
,Recommended,327880,18856831,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,The Angry Pun,This game is fantastic-- a great spiritual successor to the excellent Descent series. The 6-DOF movement is silky smooth and the weapon crafting system has enough variety to stay interesting through multiple playthroughs.
,Recommended,327880,28793326,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Skelter,"I wouldn't have expected the Descent formula to map so well onto a roguelike, but it really works here. The just-one-more hook is strong with this one."
76561198010422503,Recommended,327880,30109195,Posted: 22 February,all,Absolute Taters!!,"When I first bought it I thought""eh nothing really special""but as I kept coming back to the game over timeI'm really loving itits really damn challenging but additive enough to try over and overNot the best rouge like I've played but enough for a new experance everytime"
76561198068723028,Recommended,327880,30151677,Posted: 24 February,all,Sea Weasel,"Ahhhh, how I longed to find relief for that 6DOF Itch that wouldn't scratch itself. The Rogue-like Descent clone has lived up to my expectations quite nicely."
,Recommended,327880,30266114,Posted: 1 March,all,Bad@$$5k,Brings me back to the 90's when I would play Descent 2 on my cousin's computer. A great game for those who miss Descent.
,Recommended,327880,19134919,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,PHLX,"Not even 10 minutes in, and this game has me hooked. This is Descent, re-imaginged for 2015. I've not really expericened many Unity based games. But this... Damn, it really is impressive. The soundtrack fits this title perfectly, although, I'd like to see an update, with a more rock music based soundtrack, that would more resemble the original Descent, that this is so clearly base upon. But that's down to personal taste.The customisation options & the ability to craft items, looks like a great addition. I have yet to explore these options. I'm sure they wont disappoint. The graphics quality isn't on par with what current hardware can push, but do I really care about that? No!One immeditate problem I found, was with the default control layout. The default mapping place the controls to roll your ship, on the d-pad. I change that, to the shoulder buttons of my Xbox 360 controller. With that change, piloting my ship seems sooo much more intuitive.So to summerize... Sublevel Zero recreates one of the best games I grew up with. Easy to grasp controls & a delightfull sound track. Procedurally generated environments that make you think, & varied & smart enemies to combat.This is a game worthy of anyone's Steam library! Enjoy!"
,Recommended,327880,20032632,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Mad Ol' Keogh,I might have found the game I love to hate.
,Recommended,327880,20140778,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,grymmjack,"TL;DRGreat game, eye and ear candy, a lot of fun, and I didn't feel like throwing up all over my keyboard.Yay I'm not throwing up on my keyboard!I liked Descent, but I couldn't play it because it made my stomach queazy. Perhaps it was the lower resolution, or the claustrophobic feeling of the corridors, or the old frame rate of the CRTs, or the FOV in the game, but something just wasn't compatible with my body and Descent.It's soo pretty!When I saw this game show up in my Steam queue I was skeptical, but it looked so beautiful (wow those graphics) I figured I'd watch a few videos about it and give it a shot. The videos didn't make me sick to my stomach, so I couldn't resist trying it. I'm glad I bought it, it's a lot of fun. The graphics are really good, and space themed. The particle effects, and the lighting are really pretty. It's like a low-poly glowy minimal design with some pixel stuff (but it's not overkill on the pixel stuff it is subtle and square but it's not jagged or nasty looking).Controls simply and smoothlyI'm playing with an XBox 360 controller (wired USB) and the default control scheme is really good, and simple to understand. The D-Pad lets you rotate and move vertically up and down while the sticks do standard FPS stuff, right stick lets you look around, and the left stick lets you move. Totally fluid control scheme. Triggers fire weapons, left is missiles, right is guns. Simple.Other crapMeh, crafting. Must every game have crafting? Well, at least there aren't hidden recipes, instead there is a loot system and upgrades (craftables). The simple crafting is a little goofy to get used to and the inventory system is a little bit simple; missing shields (perhaps they are there just haven't found them yet?) but running into the objects and corridors and level structures of the game don't make your ship take damage (perhaps they could add this with a hardcore mode or maybe it's already there?). It's not as easy to figure out if something is better than what you already have, for example.STFU alreadyOK, so far I've only played the tutorial, but I'm enjoying this game. The graphics are stunning, the music is excellent and appropriate, and the sound effects are really well done. Over all this is a really fun game and I'm looking forward to spending many hours simplly crusing around random levels killing things."
,Recommended,327880,20611370,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Kellos,"This game looks great, a huge nod to Descent which I loved as a teenager.  Unfortuantely I cannot get used to the controls no matter how I set them.  I know that roll needs to be on the rudder for this game, but it goes against everything I'm used to from playing Elite Dangerous.  No matter how I set it up, it just doesn't seem to feel right on my X52 Pro.I love the visuals, and picking up power ups I'm sure would result in some pretty cool weapons.  I can't fault the game, and from the little I've seen I would definitely recommend it (and have done so).  Unfortunately, my brain clearly doesn't work properly these days :-/"
76561197970577853,Recommended,327880,20256510,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Anal  Mummy,"This game is fantastic.  The visuals/graphics are awesome.  The sound is awesome.  Your ship moves so fluidly though it almost feels as if its on rails since you dont have to worry about contact damage and if you just keep accelerating forward your ship kinda self corrects its course(you still have to fly it and choose the direction you're going in).  It feels like the 6DOF is most apparent during combat when your circling, strafing and dodging.  Speaking of combat, so far from what I've played it's intense.  You have to have awareness of what's going on ALL AROUND you because while you're focusing on one enemy you're getting blindsided by another from behind and they'll be off and up to the right which makes understanding how your ship moves that much more important especially in a room full of enemies when you're just dodging and quickly switching targets.Also, there's crafting which is neat I guess.  It's pretty simple.  Combine items to create other items that affect your stats(more HP, higher ammo capacity, speed, etc).  I don't know how important it is yet since ive just been creating whateve is available at a whim and equipping it for the better stats.Also, the map.  I love having a map to navigate through the tunnels, corridors and caves.  I can't even remember the last time I actually had to pull up a map that wasn't a lame little minimap in the corner of my hud in whatever random game I'd be playing.  My only gripe with pulling up the map is that it doesn't stop the action so if you're busy looking at your map and taking too long you may get attacked by some rando commando enemy and not notice it until your display starts going staticky and distorted because you're taking fire.  That truly is my only gripe so far.Verict:I definitely recommend this game so far from what I've played.  It's fun, tense, exciting, the graphics and lighting/particle effects are super eye pleasing and it's a ton of fun.  Seriously.  Worth full asking price but I picked it up during the 2015 Winter Sale, so, lucky me :)"
76561198004541820,Recommended,327880,24813013,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Eurgiga,"Redoing this review as a developer was kind enough to point out that this game is still under active development and has exited Beta.I'm an oldschool Descent player. I flew the mines on Windows 95, and until this game hit I'd never found anything truly comparable to the mind-bending action of Descent's complete freedom of movement and inventive weapons variety.Sublevel Zero scratches that itch I've had, but updates the Descent formula in several interesting and fun ways. While you no longer have Descent's cornucopia of immediately-available weapons, there is a large variety of available weaponry that can now be crafted. This adds depth to each playthrough, as you can now focus on playstyles that suit or interest you.Want to be long-range and have plenty of time to dodge incoming fire? Build a railgun and focus on accuracy-based upgrades. Want to be a knife fighter? Build a spreadpulse and hope you get some speed upgrades (or start with the Stormtrooper).Sublevel Zero generalizes its ammunition scheme, requiring only three primary and three secondary ammunition types to operate the bevy of weaponry available. This again adds depth, forcing players to make strategic weapons choices based on damage bonuses they've received and the type of ammunition their ship can regenerate, as well as just how much of a certain type of ammunition they have left. For example, I've had a number of times where I've conserved the ammunition of my Gauss cannon for a powerful reactor and burned through my energy reserves with a Spreadpulse during most of the level.Crafting is possibly the best addition made to the 6DOF genre. The game is paced well enough that players begin to build more advanced weaponry at about the time they've begun getting upgrades to a particular ammunition type, which tends to inform the focus of the run. The game's roguelike nature is something of a handicap to it here, though, as the diversity of current crafting options is about tapped out over the course of the game's six levels. I feel this somewhat complicates the proposition of adding any more levels, something I would rather like to see.The art and graphics style are somewhat simple and highly stylized, but not in a way that negatively effects the game. Rather, it all fits together very well and feels cohesive.The game also has a few drawbacks I should mention:- Many weapons seem inconsistently powerful within their tiers. The Arcpulse, a third-tier weapon, fires ball lightning that arcs bolts onto anything nearby. A few shots of this weapon will turn almost anything to dust. It does not overheat. The Arcthrower, another tier 3 plasma weapon, is essentially Force Lightning with the range of a circular saw held by a small child, albeit doing massive damage. However, when I can project that damage in a way that already murders everything in front of me with the Arcpulse, why in the world would I use the one that lets things get right up next to me? A number of weapons seem to fall into this trap, though I imagine my playstyle may contribute in part to how I feel.- The game's random generation is one of its best features, but also imposes a hindrance: No level truly feels ""complicated"" in the way that Descent's levels did. At best you will get a few forks from a main path, maybe a sub-fork or two. The levels never feature paths of rooms that loop back to other branches. At best there will be one large looping corridor that usually leads you back to an earlier point on the same branch. In short, while the levels are all unique, they are also ultimately not very ""mazelike"".- No significant 'run customization' options or 'challenge modes'. Best you can do is select a ship, which changes some or all of your starting stats. I would like to see difficulty options or even challenges like ""All Enemies are Homing missile Defenders"" or ""One Hit Point Wonder"". Longer runs would also be very welcome, the ability to set the number of levels and the nanite multiplier would allow a player to customize the game length to their taste.- Item prefixes are fairly inconsequential. A bad weapon may only do five or six less damage than a good weapon, or be 5% less accurate, or fire a bit more slowly. Weapons also tend to average out to a 'normal' version once combined via crafting. Missile modifiers are even worse, as I've seen Lethal and Useless grenades both with a Splash of 1- many of those modifiers either don't show up or do nothing on secondary weapons. It would be nice to see more drastic variations in the parts received.- Ramming. It's hard to not like it because it's trying something new and was apparently intended as an alternate main damage method as there are ships and upgrades focusing heavily on it. However, a full charge into any enemy will almost always result in taking a few shots to the face, and as such ramming is at best a short-term solution if you find yourself out of ammunition and the exit is blocked. Additional ramming upgrades such as a shielded ram or some sort of explosive effect on impact would go a long way towards making this a more useful game feature.Would I still get it again? Yes. Yes, I would. You should buy this, and then buy a copy for someone else who has never played a 6DOF and watch them melt down as they try to make sense of it all."
,Recommended,327880,26409017,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,knutaf,"This is an excellent Descent-like with good customization and a lot of variety. It's pretty hard, too. I still haven't been able to beat the game once. There's a lot of unlocking which adds to the replayability. It just really scratches that itch, you know?"
,Recommended,327880,33528915,Posted: 13 July,all,MagicalButtMan,"I loved Descent, and this is a great amalgamation of that game with rogue elements. Very happy with this purchase."
,Recommended,327880,18436246,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,♥ Onii-chan ♥,"Quality GameI actually wanted to say, this game is amazing. The levels are well designed, the graphics are beautiful, the gameplay is intriguing and I'm having fun every second I'm playing it. I feel like this game has the oppurtunity to be one of the greatest games this year (other then the big titles, like Fallout 4). If there was a possibility of modding, this could go so far. DLC for this game could be amazing, adding new levels, crafting, etc. I really love this game and hope to play it for times to come :)"
,Recommended,327880,18405558,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Dingonek,"This game is really freakin' cool.  I've never been a big fan of 6 DOF games, but this is a whole new ball game.  Simple, but with enough complexity to keep me coming back.  One of my favorite parts of the game is the sound - it fits in very well with the graphical style and definitely adds to the experience.  The movement is very smooth as well, and the options menu is extensive and well designed.  As a whole, the game feels well put together and you can tell that the developers care.  If you like roguelikes, getting loot/crafting, and shooter games, you'd most likely enjoy this game."
,Recommended,327880,18442768,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,DemoN,"Sublevel Zero:Prepare To Die EditionThe little lads will kill you, the big lads will kill you, the lava will kill you...oh sh!t it's like Dark Souls all over again...But seriously this game is amazing.The artstyle is beutiful and just the way i like it,6DOF gives all the damn turnings n♥♥♥♥♥♥you need.The logs add a nice element for the lore of the game.Feels really arcadey and is great for playing on trips or hey, it could easily go mobile if it wanted.I get the feeling like im playing FTL which brings me gewd gewd memories."
76561197972610271,Recommended,327880,24606999,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Ubserd,"Great VR game much like Decent from back in the day with a little rouge like tossed in. It also has a great pixel art style, feels polished, and runs well on the oculus rift. It's a buy if you love any of those things."
,Recommended,327880,25091263,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Wilba,"If you like Descent, chances are you will like Sublevel Zero.Obviously inspired heavily by Descent, in terms of map design and enemies. Procedurally generated maps are well designed. Beautiful low-poly/low-res graphics, awesome soundtrack, comprehensive controller setup. In-game 3D map is awesome. You can't ask for much more from an ""homage"" to Descent.My only criticism would be the ""roguelike"" permadeath is a bit unforgiving for newbies (I'd prefer an option to continue from the start of the current level if you die) but since each playthough has different maps, restarting from the beginning is a new experience.This game has been polished until it shines. Highly recommended."
76561198035978505,Recommended,327880,33550223,Posted: 14 July,all,DiscoMonster,Plays great in VR after the Redux update! Highly recommended.
,Recommended,327880,18391883,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Spasman,"A wonderful little love letter to Descent. HUD is a bit cluttered and its hard to see enemies and where youre going sometimes with the art style but great game otherwise.If I could make a suggestion, add the option to scale the HUD like in Descent (graphical hud => completely full screen with minimal details)"
,Recommended,327880,18437810,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Agents Game Power,"I like it, it's a pretty descent game."
,Recommended,327880,18438463,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Synthia Vice,"A very fun procedurally-generated rogue-lite 6DOF (6 degrees of freedom for all those little kids out there, meaning movement includes pitching, yawing, rolling, heaving, swaying, and surging) game in the same vein as Interplay's 1994 classicDescent, backed by a solid soundtrack. It is similar enough to be a spiritual successor of sorts. My only complaint is that the amount of weapons and enemies seems to be fairly limited, but I hope that more will be added later.It shares a great deal of gameplay elements with the aforementionedDescent,  the core gist of the game being that you search for three coloured keys to pass through each level while fighting killer robots of various shapes and sizes, eventually reaching the reactor core, which you have to destroy to advance to the next level. Heck, you can even open doors by shooting them, a gameplay mechanic right out ofDescent. Each reactor core has more defenses than the last, resulting in some rather hectic boss fights.The plot is fairly nonsensical (something about the universe falling part for no reason, creating warring factions throughout the universe, it's kind of confusing) but not central to the gameplay. What sets it apart fromDescentis the addition of an inventory allowing you to carry health, and equip an array of different weapons and modifications to your ship, as well as craft others from the ones you find. You can also unlock more ships and blueprints as you play, which unlock on subsequent playthroughs. Also different fromDescentis the fact that you are unable to save progress, like any other rogue-like; when you die, you start from the beginning. The levels are also generated randomly, meaning that each playthrough is different.9/10"
76561198064834001,Recommended,327880,18418834,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,OmniNegro,"This game is plainly awesome. If you liked Descent or any of the successor games, then you will love this.Some people call this a ""Roguelike"" or Rogue-Lite"" but they could not be further from the truth. This is a realtime game with no way to pause. The levels are random and will get you lost every time you play. But the map will help you find your way.Weapons are varied and some plainly suck while others are amazing. There is a perk system called ""Nanocarts"". It needs more diversity.The game is early access and will hopefully improve. The developer is active on the forums here and seems to be trying to help.This game is 3d without gravity and inertia. That would be what people mistakenly call ""six dimensions of freedom"". (6dof) I can understand why gravity is removed, but inertia should remain in place. That would allow for more weapon types too.I play the game offline and it does not care that it is not ran through Steam, so count that as a positive for it, and a negative for Steam since it says I cannot yet review it until I have played it for ""five minutes""... LolStill early access is just that. I expect this will be as good as FTL is in time."
,Recommended,327880,18384858,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,nightdragon,Good ol' Decent; a bit too many numbers in the interface and crafting is kind of confusing in what it actually does. Great otherwise.
,Recommended,327880,18386614,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,jingo,"Haven't played all that long yet, but absolutely love it. The Descent feels are happening and they are wonderful."
,Not Recommended,327880,24334948,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,PapaKarlo,"Nothing is particularly wrong with the game itself, I just didn't like it. Maybe 'cuz I'm not fond of rogue-lite genre in general, but here's some of my biggest complaints:-Health system is classic and very simplistic, with no regeneration or shields. You could lose majority of your health very fast and repair kits are pretty scarce - the game could put you in ""one-hit death"" situation extremely fast.-Levels are pretty tight and enemy projectiles are quite large, which significantly impairs any attempts at mobile dogfighting, making it's very unpredictable, risky and not awarding in any means.-Visuals rely on bloom effect a little to much. Level details, enemies and projectiles - all are glowing and sometimes it's hard to distinguish one from another.These are not serious complaints, but once combined they're forcing player to hug walls, sneaking from every corner, scanning every ridge and hiding after each shot. Attempts at flying inside a room full of enemies to maneuver between them and dodging their shots will be crushed by hidden enemy or unpredictable geometry much frequent than you expect. And you will lose health, and you will use all of your repair kits, and you will be forced to wall hugging until the end. You'll be smarter in your next run: you'll hug a wall from the very start and will proceed at turtle speed if you want to reach the very end.Maybe it's not a problem for you. Maybe your raw skill will ascend you above this quirks. But for me they result in a very slow and unexcited game, despite the myriad of things Sublevel Zero does really good."
,Recommended,327880,18405084,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,🍊🍌🍍 TROPICAL BLAST,"Flew way too fast, ran into enemies, exploded. every run. 10/10"
,Recommended,327880,18403074,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Steppo,"""Pilot, you randomly generated the wrong day to mess with chibi tanks from Tron.""10/10"
76561198006350319,Recommended,327880,18542627,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Oddzilla,"The good:It's great Descent inspired shooter. Combat is very fast and smooth, with good weapon variety. The loot, unlock, and crafting system serves to keep things interesting through multiple runs. The sounds are nice and punchy, and the visuals are vibrant.The not so good:The game is somewhat lacking in atmosphere, the music doesnt feel very fitting, and the levels can be a bit bland and linear."
,Recommended,327880,24002661,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,eric,"This game is 100% Badass and may just be one of my new favorites. Tight, amazingly slick controls. Gorgeous freaking levels, amazing sound.I am a fan of modern roguelikes and the old classic Descent, but this game turns both on their heads. Arcade style, easy weapon crafting and genius level layouts - an absolute must buy."
76561197991962805,Recommended,327880,18498469,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Slick Willeh,Doesn't suck
,Recommended,327880,18404032,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Steele,"8/10, pretty much sums up the gameplay:""What are you doing, Wiggin?""""Nothing, sir.""""Something funny? I asked you a question, Launchie.""""Sir, the way you were floating. Horizontal. I thought that was funny.""""Really? Why?""""Because in zero gravity there is no right side up. You may think you're vertical and we may be horizontal.""""Is that funny?""""Sir, no, sir.""""Yes it is. Alai, you know what he's talking about?""""Yes, sir.""""No, you don't. There's only one kid on this launch with any brains at all so far and that's Ender Wiggin."""
,Recommended,327880,21394201,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Charcocoa,I shall adopt this game as my son.
,Recommended,327880,18480634,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,hc3,I crafted my only weapons into a Welder. No regrets
,Recommended,327880,32236482,Posted: 7 June,all,Boboh03,"""Speechless""The game is so good I even bought the sountrack, also the soundtrack is a heavenly tune to my ears.As a diehard fan for Aquanox series, this quench my thirst for the simillar gameplay minus the ""Rogue-lite"".Good controls and simple but not ""easy"" gameplay, but once you get a hang if it you'll be an ace pilot or engineer or miner."
,Recommended,327880,32189998,Posted: 4 June,all,Jelloeater,"Great mashup between FTL, Decent!"
76561198239401666,Recommended,327880,32199821,Posted: 5 June,all,Living Will,"This comment/review is in response to t3opc, a little kid who decided that he would give a negative review to this wonderful game after .2 hours of play. Enjoy.Hey t3opc, you played .2 hours and feel qualified to leave a review?I'll address your issues, put your big girl panties on.1.omg a small box giving information appears when I mouse over something. How incredibly frustrating. Really dude? You mean like on every website and game out here? Besides the fact that it doesn't force you to do anything, you don't have to read anything, and there are achievements for beating the game without picking anything up. It is in fact, very beatable without crafting anything.2. Odd glare. Ok I'm not sure whats going on with your stuff here. Try the settings. I'm not getting anything weird looking.3. You're dead wrong on this point. You have to move your hands away from your mouse? How the ♥♥♥♥ do you read the item anyway? You have to use your mouse! The keyboard and mouse work extremely well btw, I'm really wondering if we're playing the same game at all.4. To change weapons? No you slot the 4 weapons you want to use, then if you want to slot different weapons you bring up a menue and then slot different weapons. I think it takes a solid 2 seconds to do.5. The game music makes you want to turn it off. You're a goddamn retard. That's why every game has the option to turn off the in game music! BECAUSE IT'S AN OPTION. OPTION=SOMETHING YOU ARE NOT REQUIRED TO DO/LISTEN TO. Half the time in my gameplay I listen to other music anyway, and that's in every game.6. Yeah that's kind of the point of this PROCEDURALLY GENERATED GAME. Good god autism is real. Also I'm guessing you never played descent.7. Hey guess what, in the OPTIONS, you can turn off the ""automatically rotate a quarter"" OPTION. I'm going to have an anurasim with you, you are this dumb.8. Wow yes your holiness, on your .2 hours of playtime you the almighty reviewer have ascended to a plane of game develping awareness only the lead developer of Blizzard could hope to achieve. Kindly kick rocks.9. Holy.♥♥♥♥♥♥ You referenced Descent. I'm really having a hard time imagining that you've even played descent. Unless you're a shill for Descent Underground. Which has a lot more work to do to be a DECENT game let alone a Descent successor.10. WAAAAAAAH I WANTED A FULL GLASS WAAAAHHHH. ♥♥♥♥♥, the game is $7 on sale, and even at full price this game is worth it."
76561198051767708,Recommended,327880,32184705,Posted: 4 June,all,DarthSyphilis08,"As a huge fan of Descent, this is the type of game I would like to see more of."
,Recommended,327880,26498854,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,johnvillarzavatti,"If you're on the fence about this game, don't lose any time.This game is a love letter to Descent, with so much amazing you wouldn't believe. Some peeps are scared off because the RPG elements (namely crafting) but worry not, it is simple enough that it becomes enjoyable and has a nice surprise here and there.The game is SUPER hard, so loads of fun to be obtained from it. I just finished it for the first time after 21 hours of play. Can't get to sleep because the adrenaline rush from that last level.10/10 would buy again!"
76561198005400406,Recommended,327880,21166922,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Agent,"I went into this game thinking it was just going to be a simple hold over title until the proper Descent successors launch probably next year. I am very glad to say this game isn't just an homage to Descent and 6DoF; rather, it takes a familiar formula and makes it its own with some very cool and interesting mechanics. There's a great variety of weapons to pick from that you can both obtain as random drops in the environment or create through the game's crafting system. There's some really neat weapons to play around with, too, some of which I actually wish were in the original Descent games. The game's aesthetics, while definitely very ""indie"", are pleasant to the eyes, although the amount of bright lights all shining in your face at once can make it hard to keep track of the action. Like any good rogue-lite, there's an array of unlockable ships with their own unique characteristics, and the randomized level layout means you'll be in for a new challenge each run through.Sublevel Zero isn't just a trip down memory lane. It takes the 6DoF formula pioneered by Descent and makes it its own, while still having enough of that Descent charm and action to feel familiar. It's a little rough around the edges, but it's nothing that will detract from the fun. This game comes highly recommended for anyone fond of 6DoF gameplay."
76561198174792165,Recommended,327880,23388431,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Evil_Morty,"This Game is amazing and runs like a dream! The gameplay never gets stale with endless possiblities! The crafting rocks, the wepons rock, even the custom ships and such. The enimies range from scouts to other many dangerous creatures and robots. The map design is beutiful and the game is so mch fun. I LOVE IT TO BITS!!!"
76561197981596252,Recommended,327880,24920967,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Zenthar,"A good rogue-lite game offering a good challenge, plenty of unlocks, and at times requiring a decent amount of versalitility to playstyle depending on itme drops during a run.  This is my first time playing a Decent style game and I believe I will be looking into more games with this similar style after finishing with this one."
,Recommended,327880,33513412,Posted: 13 July,all,leppermessiah,HTC Vive owner. VR implementation is top rate. Gameplay is tight and controls are intuitive.This really is a masterpiece to behold in virtual reality.
,Recommended,327880,18391162,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,"Punished ""Edgelord"" Milacetious","Holy crap guys, They finally did it! A unity engine game that isn't complete ♥♥♥♥ing garbage, in fact it's more than just that, it's one of the most epic indie games that I've only played for about 15 minutes, It's amazing."
,Recommended,327880,18388066,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,M1Combat,My former favorite game of all time was Descent 2.
,Recommended,327880,18398231,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Skid Row Trash,"Wow, what a great game this is!The graphics are awesome, the music and sound is excellent and the gameplay is fun.I've been wanting to place descent recently, and was actually checking out the prices just days before Sublevel Zero came out. I never heard of this game, but I'm glad I waited.I had an issue with some sound, possibly my bad though, I did an Alt-Tab maybe at the wrong time?The controls are so smooth. Everything in this game is smooth to the max. I love it.The controls are a little hard to get used to with switching between the d-pad and the sticks (on xbox controller) but I think this could be fixed with just re-mapping some of the keys.Great game. If you loved descent, you will definitely enjoy this one. It's cool with the crafting and roguelike stuff too, very neat.Here's a video of my trying out the game.https://youtu.be/khl1SUIKh9o:)"
,Recommended,327880,18389184,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Nightbreed,"THIS is the game I've been waiting for ever since the original Descent games of the '90s. Descent II is probably my all time favorite game...I played the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of that back in '96 - '97. The controls in Sublevel Zero are absolutely incredible, and the level designs seems great so far...kudos to the devs!The only thing so far that I don't really like is the soundtrack. It's not terrible, it's just nowhere as good IMO to the soundtrack of Descent II, for example. Luckily, since the cut scenes are text based, you can simply play your own MP3s in the background (MP3 playback isn't a game feature, you need a third party program like foobar or Windows Media Player).I'm really looking forward to playing this extensively. If you were ever a fan of any of the Descent games and want something with that six-degrees-of-freedom, look no further than Sublevel Zero."
,Recommended,327880,18392173,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Space-Cat! Panda,"If you remember and liked descent, you'll like this. The visuals are really aesthetically pleasing. I do think that although the music has a good feel to it, you might plan on bumping some of your own tunes because that soundtrack can get old pretty quick if you're just cracking out on this game. The game is hard, and the tutorials I don't really think covered quite enough but maybe it was intended for people to learn the more important stuff on their own. Just the UI can be difficult to take in at first. Really smooth controls, for what it is, it's really well polished and I hope to see them do some more with this. Worth the purchase if you are into this kind of game."
,Recommended,327880,32580467,Posted: 19 June,all,donkey tron,"..it's like descent and forsaken had a baby, and that baby was raised by a doom marine.10/10, one point deduction due to lack of enemy detail. one point bonus for fully customizable controls and the claustrophobic atmosphere.. well done."
76561198043576276,Recommended,327880,18417647,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,GosuPat,
,Recommended,327880,33619917,Posted: 17 July,all,Punymeyer,"Buyer beware: you can't turn off bloom.  You can't even turn it down.For the most part it's a great game.  Personally, the inventory management gets on my nerves, and not having the option to turn off bloom is just unacceptable.  I get that there is probably no better way to do the inventory system, and that the bloom is intended to be a key part of the aesthetic, so I will still recommend it.  I'm just someone who doesn't like those things."
,Recommended,327880,28727152,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,TaargusTaargus,Super fun - very challenging - lots of replay valuecons: might make you a little dizzy but in a fun way ;)
76561197994333970,Recommended,327880,19366646,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,csatrad,"Descent 4The sounds in the game in the best I ever heard within context!.The music never gets borring and butifull for anyones taste I belive.The enemy and theire AI are well made and makes you want to be tactical against them.The pacing is perfect and the random generator so good I cant point out 2 same situations.The weapons and crafting are limited at the begining but once you had a few runs and start to memorize a few recepies you find yourself drowning in options.All the guns are act extramly differently and makes you want to get specifics that suits your playstile.Game rewards both recklessness and sneaky plays. (yes you can actually sneak up on enemies and kill them before they can react)Cons: Graphics is unneceserilly low res I hope a mod allows some seriuos retexturing beacuse it hurts the eye to have such bland big♥♥♥♥♥pixels.Text size could use tweaking, altho I understand that while game not paused you need the empty space to see your surroundings, but that is unneceserry as you can find safe spots easilly.Raming might be fun but not encouraged, could use some extra toughts to make it more viable (like a shield like module that replace one of your gun slots and charge up a shield that absorbs damage but uses bullet as you boost, but it stays on 0 and goes back 0 fast after you got slown down and stoped boosting so you cannot use other then ramming really.)But tbh the game is just the best, any descent fans will love the♥♥♥♥♥♥ouf of this one."
,Recommended,327880,25450686,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,RefugeZero,"Super fun game with great visual style. I'm going to try the VR beta soon, but I fully expect to barf all over myself."
,Recommended,327880,25686828,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Illuminaughty,"If you miss the old Descent games and you don't mind periodically dying and starting over with nothing this will be worth every penny. Good soundtrack, and the procedural level generation works well for the style and story of the game. I was a big Descent fan, so I'm also stoked on the game's overall aestehtic, pacing, and action."
,Recommended,327880,18480275,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,SevenUp / TCA7,"This game has real promise... but alas, I found it lacking in several areas: (The list below is strictly from my playing it one time... so forgive me if I made any errors in this list below.)1. No energy recharge... You can run out of energy and bullets so that the ONLY way to kill enemies is to ram them.Very disappointed that you don't have at least a slow energy recharge so at least you can use something to fire at the enemy robots that are scattered in the map.2. Turn speed is too slow for my liking... Descent 1 and Descent 2 OPEN SOURCE shows how to do this much better... How that would relate to the game engine used? I haven't looked at Unity at all.Feels like you have to do a lot of extra effort to get the ship to move anything close to what we had in Descent.3. Lacks standard weapons like could be found in Descent 1, 2, and 3.At least level 1 lasers would have been helpful here.4. Hard to configure for a standard old Microsoft Sidewinder Force Feedback 2.Takes a lot of tweaking to get things to map close to what we had in the Descent series. (1, 2, and 3.) Descent had a great automatic configuration for a select set of joysticks as well as a generic joystick configuration that worked pretty well.5. Found it hard to understand how much weapons that you have left at any given time.Would have been helpful if there was a display on how much of the current weapon was available.6. Picking up the Spewed items after killing robots requires pressing a keystroke, For multiple dropped items you have to press the SAME keystroke multiple times.Come on fellas, at least let us fly into the spewed items and pick them up automatically. Extra keystrokes seem a bit unnecessary here. This causes one to have to STOP and manually pickup the items. If this were the way it was in Descent, the game would have been a lot more difficult especially with enemies moving and shooting at your ship.7. Missing is the Multi-player.Perhaps this was intended as ONLY a Single Player game. Won't hold that against the game developers.What I enjoyed about Descent was the ability to play missions in Cooperative Mode through the story line or only as Single Player missions.8. Wish that the actual game play were more like the Demo Video.The demo video sold me on the game and I'm sure that you have that much energy in the later levels in this game.---They did give a Descent look and feel to the Map and the Level Map View... Feels exactly like Descent in that regard to me.Overall this game has promise but it needs some major work in some areas and minor adjustments in other areas.This game just doesn't deliver to the standards of Descent which it looks like it was modeled after.I like the game but at this time unless there are some major tweaks... I won't be able to play it.Is it worth the low price? Perhaps and maybe with some income for the developers they might be willing to finish this game properly. It was worth it to me to see how well they did to this point in time... Don't want my money back but wish to encourage the developers to give the game a more polished look and feel.It is a lot of work to get a game to where they have arrived... it wouldn't take much to make it even better.That's the opinion of this Senior Systems Analyst (computer programmer  for nearly 38 years) and long time computer gamer. (Over 35 years)Thanks to you the game developers for at least giving it the effort to get the game to this point.Look back at the Open Source for the games Descent 1, Descent 2, Freespace 1, and Freespace 2 for some insights on how you could improve this game dramatically. Compare the smoothness of the Joystick configuration and Joystick  usage in those games as well as a better video frame rate would be very helpful too.This game could help revive this sector of the gaming industry if only it were finished better."
76561197979099756,Recommended,327880,18386177,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,JazzyJet,"The Ultimate Tunnel Rats GameAs a long time Descent multiplayer addict I got really excited to see this.  But my expectations are always hard to satisfy when it comes to 6dof games.  This one however is just what the doctor ordered!  The flight is very smooth graphics and music are charming, and gear customization is simple to use and adds another dimension.Pros:6DOF woot!Good control customizationSmooth and clean graphicssatisfying weapons + there is trichording enginesCons:Dosn't seem to be too many levels or diversity: hoping for more replay valueOf course no multiplayer (hey it's a roguelike)Somtimes levels feel crampedI havn't been playing long so I'll keep updating."
76561198027959928,Recommended,327880,31285053,Posted: 21 April,all,`¤ˎˏ¤´,Guess what? Descent RPG!
,Recommended,327880,18391497,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,hellstorm102,"i live, i die, i live again!but seriously. very smoothgreat controller supportlots of replayabilityEpic soundtrack"
76561198074768278,Recommended,327880,23539433,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,themagicfunstore,"Oh, Sublevel Zero.How I adore you."
,Recommended,327880,24446917,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Dat Woo Woo,I love this game!!
,Recommended,327880,18387018,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,wolfrock,"I'm liking the movement, they really hit the Descent vibe (which is a good thing). I'd like some ""designed"" levels or possibly a map builder but the proc generated maps and enemy placement has kept things surprising. Getting ambushed just once can pretty much ruin your run as repairs and ammo are hard to come by. Crafting doesn't happen too often, at least for me, maybe once or twice each level.Pretty good so far. I have some video athttp://www.twitch.tv/w0lfrock/v/19705951if you want to see that 'new player experience'."
76561198022599358,Not Recommended,327880,22323921,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,SHADOSTRYKR,"Suffers from bad design choices. First of all enemy fire is the same color as many of the background lights, difficult to distinguish it from everything else. Also game feels unfair unbalanced. You run out of ammo and the game refuses to give you more in chests etc. Too difficult."
,Not Recommended,327880,34538160,Posted: 27 August,all,-DOOMER-,"I got this for the VR experiance, and I could not find a good play possition for it.  My default sitting postion was in front of most of the HUD, so I only got a fraction of the info I wanted.   Controle was ok, but I never could really master it.  Gameplay was fun though.  If future updates remedy the player possitioning issue, I'd be fully on board with a positive review, but for now I'm going to call this one a pass for play in VR."
,Not Recommended,327880,21091197,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Chandalen,"The game seems great apart from one issue, but is basically unplayable with a mouse because of reverse or negative mouse acceleration. For those unfamiliar with what this is, it's the opposite of normal mouse acceleration, i.e. the slower you move your mouse the faster your ship rotates. Not knowing what this is is understandable, as it's completely ♥♥♥♥ing ridiculous to include in a videogame. They know it exists and refuse to change it, saying it's caused by the ship having a max turn speed. Obviously you can have a max turn speed without a system like this that makes the game feel like complete garbage to play, but I guess the devs are oblivious to this.I guess if you're playing with a controller it's fine though."
,Not Recommended,327880,29194527,Posted: 11 January,all,OSad,"Navigation can be a bit of a chore on the later sublevels, as apparently only areas you have looked at are revealed on the (admittedly quite nice) 3D map, and these areas can get quite big, leading to very tedious backtracking through stages trying to figure out where to go.A good part of the field of view is covered up by your ship, which can feel very claustrophobic, especially in the tighter cavernous rooms and corridors of the game. An option to make everything but the important HUD elements and guns go transparent would have been appreciated.Combat can also feel rather frustrating at times, especially in the brighter rooms with lava  where enemy bullets can easily blend together with the more luminescent background elements, which results in you taking projectile hits you could have otherwise easily avoided. There's also no other defensive options like shields, turning some corridor engagements where enemies have homing bullets into a boring mexican standoff. The randomness of health pickup drops does not serve to alleviate this.While I have not played the game this title was inspired by, I had fun navigating the stages. The game is relatively pretty and runs very well. I also appreciate that it's short. While my first moments with it were quite fun, its flaws quickly become apparent past the first sublevel, so I cannot recommend it."
,Recommended,327880,30337333,Posted: 5 March,all,skunkdude,This game's pretty fun
76561198079330275,Recommended,327880,18722022,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,jacobellinger,Meh it's right for the price. The game is very hard towrds the last two levels.Not much to say really. Some very simple item crafting. Some all directional flight and a bunch of increasingly hard enemies. Some rare guns. The game has high replay value do to all the stuff you can unlock for your next play through.
,Not Recommended,327880,19107358,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,AluminumHaste,"Great game with some MASSIVE flaws!!!!First of all, the game will randomly change your mouse settings while you play. I had all acceleration turned off, all assistance etc.I was chasing an enemy around and all of a sudden the controls got really laggy. Checked settings and mouse accel was turned to 50%!!!! WTF?Then a few days later I was playing again and my mouse look became inverted!!!! WTF?Another time I was in the middle of a firefight and I had a Shredder and impact rifle equipped, but in the middle of the fight, I noticed I had a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ autocannon and different shredder equipped!!!! WTF?Checked my inventory and the shredder and impact rifle were there, so it's not like I accidentally auto equipped a dropped weapon (Hold F), otherwise my weapons would be floating out in space.This.Game.Is.Broken.I can't recommend it for now, it's concept is great, the feel of it is wonderful (when the game isn't ♥♥♥♥ing with you), the graphics are excellent.But until these issues get patched, I can't recommend playing a game where dying results in having to start over. And when you were killed because the game decided to invert your mouse look at random, well that's not acceptable."
76561197988061074,Not Recommended,327880,20492509,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Nikka,"Sublevel Zero would be a great Descent-like game were it not for the crushing difficulty, which combined with no save feature (except between levels) had me uninstalling within a few hours. I notice some people thought this game was easy. Maybe that was an earlier version. In any event, what would please everyone would be difficulty level selection and the ability to turn on a ""Save Anywhere"" feature. Then all players could adjustthe game to suit them. As it is, the developers are forcing you to play the game the way they think it should be played - a kind of nerdy arrogance - rather than allowing players to play as they prefer. Considering that we paid for the privilege, they should allow us to play as we like."
76561197970758403,Recommended,327880,33526837,Posted: 13 July,all,FlyingShazbot,───────────────────████───────────────────█████───────────────────██████───────────────────███████──────────────────████████──────────────────████████─────────────────█████████────────────────█████████───────────────█████████──────────────█████████──────────────██████████████████────────────█████████████████████───────────███████████████████████████████─██████████████████████████████████─███████████████████████████████████─████████████████████████████████████─████████████████████████████████████─████████████████████████████████████─████████████████████████████████████─███████████████████████████████████─██████████████████████████████████─█████████████████████████████████─████████████████████████████████─███████████████████████
76561198042140258,Not Recommended,327880,33573471,Posted: 15 July,all,Gemini,"I can't play the game because my joystick uses an 8-way hat. If the devs had any interest in fixing this issue I would've just used a workaround for the time being, except their response to my bug report gave me the impression they had NO interest in fixing this. Basically, if you want to play this game and your joystick has an 8-way hat, either be prepared to use third-party software or otherwise suffer with a ship you can't control. :("
76561197993790681,Not Recommended,327880,33604951,Posted: 17 July,all,DUKE NUKEM,"i tried it but i had no fun with it, the combat just didn't intrigue me and I wasn't very good at iti normally love rougelike fps but as a real conesseur of them in general this one stands out as one of the lesser ones"
76561198009586772,Not Recommended,327880,18780931,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Moforkus,"I wanted to like this game...it reminded me of descent, but the graphics were slightly updated (but as you can see from the demo video its not good enough to be a challenge to your computer at all). My limited time with the crafting system while doing the tutorial was annoying...i could only get stuff to make weapons that were just at crappy as the ones I had. Add in several different kinds of consumables..i.e. blue energy for energy guns, bullets for bullet guns and missiles and it was just annoying...oh i ran out of energy so i have to kill things to get more, but with the base bullet gun that shoots all over the place...a week after I buy this game, they come out with the descent underground alpha...honeslty i wish i had waited and purchased that game. Maybe this game will get more fun but honestly I am thinking about asking for a refund..."
76561198116847374,Not Recommended,327880,18570149,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,bruce_andrews,"Love the 6DOF. I have a SpaceBall 360 (via a Orbotron 9000) and it is absoutly great. Traveling in any direction and orientation is lots of fun.However, the permadeath ""feature"" is absolute garbage. For those with quick reflexes it is probably OK - but those of us that do not - it is a game ender.I love playing the ocassional computer game - but - I am 75 and just do not have the reflexs of some of you. As this game is a ""one size fits all"" it is unplayable for a lot of us.Until the game alows saves between levels I will not be playing or recommending this game."
76561198025181914,Not Recommended,327880,33747312,Posted: 23 July,all,Toranaga-1974,"Ok, I have to admit that I really just now realized what roguelike means. Sorry, but I don`t like it that you have to start all over again and again without the possibility to save your progress. MY FAULT!The game itself is fun!I don't recommend it because oft this roguelike ""no savepoints"" style."
76561197972339929,Not Recommended,327880,28844877,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,PaoloSL,"bought to play on the VIVE but asked for a refund, very disorienting and sickness-inducing for me."
76561198132289195,Not Recommended,327880,23006505,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,^2Us^3ain ^2B^3olt,"- very few Graphics Settings- everything glows, overuse of Bloom- Mouse Input feels like 0.5 Seconds Input Lag- Only one CrosshairNot worth the amount of money"
,Not Recommended,327880,30451444,Posted: 11 March,all,Kryyss,"Rogue-Likes are very much like mechanical puzzles. Also, much like rogue-likes, the concept is very old. These have taken the forms of boxes, statues and even what was called puzzle-locks and date all the way back to the 3rd centuary. No doubt they even existed before then as many civilisations such as Babylonia were more technologically advanced than many 3rd world countries today so a puzzle-box wouldn't be beyond their skills. But that aside, the fact is that the more steps needed to solve these puzzles the more entertaining they are. You may even say that the variety of steps needed to solve them is relative to their entertainment value. This is why I would say Sublevel Zero is the rubix-cube of rogue-likes since it will take time to defeat it, but the way in which you approach a rubix cube is very static and once you've attempted it a few times you soon realize that each attempt will be very much like the last.Let's start with the randomly generated levels. Well, for starters they are actually randomly peiced together designed areas. That isn't an issue in itself as many rogue-likes have done this type of thing with great success, Spelunky being one good example. But for this to work you need a ton of distinctive areas to keep a game fresh. Unfortunately the pre-designed areas are extremely limited, you'll quickly recognise them within a few play-throughs and worse still is that they haven't been design to produce entertaining battles. Many are literally a box room with adjacent corridors. This causes the game to quickly become tedious as the element of danger due to the unknown and unfamiliar environments is quickly lost. What makes Rogue-Likes great is that they keep the player on their toes and make exploration interesting because you wonder what is around the next corner.Next lets consider the 'character development' aspect of Rogue-Likes. This is always a popular part of the genre since it offers a genuine sense of ownership over that character and when you get that character killed you often reflect upon how well they had been designed. Your desire to return for another run is partly fueled by the facility to try something different as you ponder the 'maybe-ifs' and 'perhaps-nots' but SLZ is extremely limited in this area. You have progression through loot drops which can be combined to produce better gear but this is really more of a treadmill than offering meaningful choices. Your loadout is essentially a choice between close range, mid-range or long range and since you can carry a plentiful supply of weaponry in your inventory you don't actually get a choice since you just keep available weaponry for whatever situation you need. This is counter-productive to the Rogue-Like design as your character now has no limitations that force a change of tactics.. Sure, you have classes that you unlock but these have minimal impact upon the way you play the game as they only vary stats. Every run therefore becomes very much like the last. It would have been better to make each class have access to totally different load-outs and offering more than just weaponry. It would have really added a ton of replay value if each class played totally differenty. A pet-class. A hit-n-run class. A stealth class. But saddly the developer had a very narrow view on how the game should be approached and their choice to have all players 'shoot everything' on each run hampers the point of a rogue-like.Finally, let's consider the threats in the game. These are offered by around a dozen types of drone/bot of which many are very similiar but there are a few which are unique enough to force you to change from the usual approach of just holding down the fire button as you circle strafe. Again, the lack of variety causes the game here to feel tedious. And then you have the bosses. The power cores or whatever you want to call them. Out of all the game these are the one thing that is likely to kill you and frankly this is another issue with SLZ. Boss fights are all well and good but these bosses are literally damage sponges with a ton of room-filling-kill-you-within-seconds firepower. The developers solution to this is to place areas in the room where you are almost untouchable by everything that is thrown at you and once you've found these spots the bosses become trivial and tedious. But from a design perspective it feels like a cheap-shot when your run is ended because you've not yet found out where these safe spots are.It's great to see someone have a stab at bringing back 6D shooters but there really isn't enough here to justify playing it. Maybe in time and with many more content patches they can address the lack of variety, the absense of customisation and poorly designed boss fights but at the moment I really cannot recommend it."
76561198317218603,Not Recommended,327880,26612945,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,UadaF0k,"If you're thinking to buy this game for vr Don't it glitches, it's in beta,  the cockpit is bad, you can't save your progress controls suck, it's difficult to set it up in vr"
76561198110012916,Not Recommended,327880,19886070,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,grimrist,"Great Idea. The Mouse Sensitivity Controls for for this game are weak and need a complete overhaul.Also the Menu screen runs at like 10fps for some reason, which is really annoying."
,Not Recommended,327880,24028026,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,tonyz,"Not very good. Primitive graphics, complicated gameplay and not fun at all.If you are looking for a Descent for modern hardware - buy Descent 1 and download DXX Rebirth. It run smoothly and it is  Descent for modern hardware. Ah, it is open source and free."
,Not Recommended,327880,29262984,Posted: 14 January,all,Mental Seppuku,"Less than a minute of play time and I'm already frustrated enough to not recommend this game.I'm trying to remap the controller, and when trying to change the shoulder button it swaps menus instead.  So I reset it to default (since the whole thing was so badly ♥♥♥♥ed up I couldn't change it back manually) and now I can't even get out of the menu.  No buttons worked, nothing I could do but alt+F4.  In addition the tutorial menu only shows keys for the keyboard instead of the controller.It's so disappointing to see games with potential ruined by control issues for no reason."
,Not Recommended,327880,23484419,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,DROP TABLE *,"Im tring so hard to like this game. I pirated this game to see if it was worth buying (played it about 2 hours, enjoied it). In the piratred version, the 3d mouse support didn't work/ wasn't there. So i bought the game here to see if they worked here. But they dont. Is there anything i can do? I can not get my Space Navigator to work with this game. If noone has ha fix. Ill refund the game. Im sorry.(later that day) --> F¤¤kit i'll keep the game. Support the developers and all that. But i really with there was 3D mouse support"
,Not Recommended,327880,18477906,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Centurion Justinius,"Sorry, but it gets too boring. After the first few levels, its like i've seen all there is to see. If they added more content in, then I would gladly re-buy it, but right now, i'm requesting a refund.Man, that sounds♥♥♥♥♥♥ish :/"
76561198085061200,Not Recommended,327880,32141163,Posted: 2 June,all,t3opc,"Sorry, but I don't get the positive reviews.This is the thing about this game that you need to accept: You must press f for each ""slide"" of the introduction or press a button to skip it. That tells you what you need to except while playing this thing. And no wonder, they couldn't spend time scrolling the text or thinking about how long it would take to read it then automatically moving or adding in an intro in a less boring way.The game throws so many dialog boxes in your view at first while your trying to move right at the start. Moving and dialog boxes make not a good tutorial. Either stop the player with a dialog box or don't have a dialog box!Then there's this odd glare that completely removes your view for really no apparent reason. Maybe its supposed to make you believe you're looking at something so bright that you can no longer see, yet it doesn't seem that way at all.You need to pick up items (supposedly worth picking up) by moving your hands away from either the mouse or the movement controls - unless you happen to have your mouse set up for button mapping or maybe use a controller. Keyboard and mouse don't work well here. They obviously want you to map it to something close by the movement keys because that's the best they could come up with. The game doesn't give a reason from what I could see as to why there's this separation between some floating things and others, but it also goes to show that the game relies heavily on the key mapping they give you or you need to spend time playing a key mapping game instead (not everyone want to spend time on that game).To change weapons the tutorial then shows you that you need to bring up a hud that consumes your view so you're no longer ""playing"" the game but looking at a selection menu for something so basic. Its not a shopping terminal.The game music makes me want to turn it off.The beginning, the part that's supposed to pull you in, does nothing. There's nothing special about it. Its void of anything enjoyable. Its a boxy room that connects to more boxy rooms. Its like enjoying the inside of ductwork and liking it.Rotating the ship is 4 quaters. Its missing the rest. I suppose it does something fun to only have 4 turns to a whole 360 degrees of rotation but I don't know what it is here with this ""feature"".Its obviously not what I was expecting and contrary to what I thought it would be like from the game media. I also can see far too many possible improvements which would make it into something different and better.Definitely not for everyone who likes descent or these games that try something similar today! More or less, I suppose it may be like looping the trailer and watching that for hours on end - that's the feeling I get from just the first few minutes with this game.A glass half full when I want a full glass. Valiant effort guys! But I'm not sold."
76561198071421958,Not Recommended,327880,25992647,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,eternal jape,runs♥♥♥♥♥♥on intel hd 4600how can a game like this not be able to run at a good framerate with all low gfx and 800x600justlol
,Not Recommended,327880,29387735,Posted: 20 January,all,WishingPole [FMC],eh
,Recommended,327880,18477730,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,pancake,Its like skyrim with guns.
,Recommended,327880,18479065,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Irish Creem,Even in early access this game is amazing. It's a fantastic modern Descent-like game with a very cool blend of retro and modern graphics. It's a work in progress but worth cghecking out already!
76561197998860722,Recommended,327880,18483318,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Derinma,"Did my first playthrough, took me 2.1 hours it seems. I died just before beating the last portal & I have to say it was a blast! The game still lacks content imo, but I hope there will be content patches. I'd recommend this based on the first run."
,Recommended,327880,18482453,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Insanemal,This is awesome.It's also made in Unity. So how long till we can get a linux build???But yeah this is awesome :D
,Recommended,327880,18520454,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Rising§well,"Good game, fun to play but the minimum specs are considerably off. I have a 3.1 quad core, 8gb of ram and AMD Radeon HD 8670M and im lucky to get 25fps. Still playable, but could be better. Still recommended because i love the game"
,Recommended,327880,18531034,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,zeroZshadow,"Not a bad game, although it gets a little repeatitive.The levels are supposed to be random and branch out, but so far 90% of the levels are just 1 ""straight"" line of different rooms.There is a very small range of weapons types so far, and since the crafting is rather expensive, I havnt been able to use this much.I'm missing a crafting tree, so i can see what to work toward to craft something new.The shooting itself is fun, the graphics are awesome, and the difficulty is JUST right."
,Recommended,327880,18499194,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,PerfectPencil,"A masterfully executed 6DOF shooter harking back to the original Descent and building on much of what Descent did right. The game is short (6 levels) but has a satisfying difficulty curve due to one death ending the game forcing you to start over. It is fairly beautiful while still remaining very playable on low end machines due to low poly counts coupled with beautiful shaders. Oh and the music is extremely appropriate for the game. You won't notice it at first but will find yourself humming it. In my mind, thats how you know its good.I spent my teens obsessing over Descent much like kids today do so with Counter Strike or Dota2. When you play a game that much at that young an age you become extremely sensitive to what works or doesn't. I'm very happy to say that the younger me would have loved this game and would only have complained about the lack of online play. That and the ""rogue-like"" elements are good but could use some fleshing out.Over all: I highly recommend Sublevel Zero. This isn't a ""wait till its on sale"" game. Its worth getting right now."
76561198021980382,Recommended,327880,18512978,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Darthservo,"Reminiscent of the venerable Descent series, Sublevel Zero brings needed life to a typically neglected 6DOF genre.  The game's procedural room/tunnel layout keep each play fresh and exciting through bright, retro-like visuals.  Although SZ does not feature as much of a labyrinth layout as Descent's levels, the challenge shifts moreso to combat and defense against a variety of testing enemies.  The inclusion of ship-crafting brings a further customizable and unique feel to each play.  While the music was one of the highlights of the Descent series, the music for SZ does not evoke as much of a connection although it does compliment the retro-like visuals well.  All in all, SZ is a good buy for those who remember spending no insignificant amount of time playing Descent or are looking to venture into a 6DOF game for the first time."
,Recommended,327880,18539374,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,|FA| ZEEP,It's Descent all over again with extra's!
,Recommended,327880,18534434,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Underwhelmed,"After years of only having Descent to play when we wanted to play Descent, we now have another choice in case we would like to take a spin through some tunnels that we don't have memorized.It looks promising in EA as of October 2015. My main concerns are that the enemies lack features that make them easily distinguishable from each other*, and the random level layouts rarely double back or twist around beyond making a central hub with 3 or 4 spokes that end in dead ends and an exit. This is a really good start though and has great potential. The flight and movement feel right.*What I mean here, is that in Descent you could tell the enemies apart at a distance from their silhouettes alone, even in low resolution. Not so much in this game."
76561198075538312,Recommended,327880,18532838,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,๖ۣۜPrism,:D 420/420 (need multiplayer pleees thx)
76561198006407903,Recommended,327880,18535209,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Malice,"One part nostalgia, one part modern. If you're looking to relive the original Descent experience, you won't be let down.There's only one thing missing: multiplayer. Is it in the roadmap?"
,Recommended,327880,18585896,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Four More,"Sublevel Zero is disorienting at first, but it's easy enough to get the hang of movement and combat. The aesthetic is very fitting and consistent. I hope some of the roguelite mechanics get fleshed out more in future updates, but it's a pretty cool game with the content it has now."
76561197972471665,Recommended,327880,18561691,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Mad Sweeney,Gameplay is VERY MUCH like Descent 2. Crafting is a great addition to it. Very simple to do. AI isn't too tough. This is counter-balanced by 'one life' per level.
,Recommended,327880,18650442,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,MaxOfS2D,"You liked Descent & Descent II? Good. Buy this. You'll like it as well.Two things to note, though.First, the interface can get pretty clunky. The inventory menu kind of gets in the way, and it's annoying.Second, the procedural generation will never be as good as the huge handcrafted levels of Descent. Don't buy this expecting the level design to be as good. In fact, as far as I can tell, it's linear, but sometimes there will be an alternate path that has a dead end or either branches back into the main road.In fact, the procedural generation itself seems to be pretty weak. I've done five runs so far and the rooms don't vary a whole lot... there is a lack of variation in here. While what's in the game as it stands at the time of this writing is solid, a rogue-like game which advertises replayability should really look into fixing this issue.That's is in my opinion the biggest flaw of Sublevel Zero. A big lack of variation. A side effect of it is that everything sort of ""blends together"" and nothing really ends up standing out.The soundtrack is very fitting to the atmosphere of the game and has some dynamic elements. It's not super memorable but it definitely enhances the mood. The visuals are very pretty and manage to pull off pixelated-yet-polished 3D very well. The atmospheric lighting and color grading is executed very well and you might end up coming back to the game for the visuals alone.There's a story somewhere in there apparently, but it forgot to exist about five minutes into the game. That's kind of a shame. Good lore can really enhance a fictional universe.All in all, like I said before, if Descent's your childhood game, get this. Otherwise you'd probably want to wait for some additional content (more rooms and variation) to be patched in."
,Recommended,327880,18629830,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Aaron Lloyd,"Really fantastic space shooter, great way to scratch that Descent itch."
76561198049171274,Recommended,327880,18594247,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,neamerjell,"The Decent trilogy was and still is one off my all time favorite games. It was ground breaking for the time. Most games of 1994 still used 2D graphics for lots of stuff. Doom was a 3D game with 2D enemies. This game aims to be the next Descent.Does it have cutting edge graphics? No. Does it break any new ground in PC gaming? No. Is the gameplay in any way similar to the original Descent? Yes, kind of.  Was it with the $12 I spent on it? Yes, but that's about all it is worth. If it weren't for the replayability thanks to the procedural level design, this game would be little more than a glorified tech demo. The one life is all you get concept is vexing for me. I can't go back and try a differnt strategy. No, it is game over, so sorry you lose.Would I recommend this game even after bashing it so hard? Yes. The price is good for what it is, the replay value is high, and it brings 6DOF gaming back to the PC. A decent game it may be, but a worthy sucessor to Descent it is not."
,Recommended,327880,18478321,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Entity,Quite a descent game!
,Recommended,327880,18589082,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Lookup,"I have to say thanks for this game! It reminds on my childhood playing Descent all night long :)The game has good controls, very nice graphics and some good ideas regarding gameplay.100% recommended if you like 6DoF games!"
,Recommended,327880,18604402,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,PathhDC,Incredibly fun rogue-like. Has fairly deep crafting but it requires making decent progress to see some of the cooler weapons. Its one of those games that you keep coming back to due to some mysterious element that makes it addicting.Worth every bit of the price.
76561198108269527,Recommended,327880,18905567,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,quantum_jak,"This is an excellent rogue-lite take on six degree of freedom games (i.e. descent). The controls are smooth, there is loot and crafting as you progress. Lots of fun!"
76561198157009385,Recommended,327880,19209510,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,commanderjalc,"Now, as a fan of Decent series, I would say that this game really hits the mark.The developers of this game have combined the famous Minecraft game with elements of 6 Degrees of Freedom movement and gave it guns at the start. Your only sword is your ship which gets hurt when the drones fire.Also, by combining environmental  dangers, you always have to be careful on where you shoot, fly, or ram.Highly recommend to all the spacefaring people"
76561198052534030,Recommended,327880,19314418,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,setty wap,play this if u like flying around in a ship and blasting enemies (3d game)
76561198032834583,Recommended,327880,19240890,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,darthokkata,"If you have an Oculus Rift, you need this.Great VR game, very comfortable experience. Tons of fun and will tide you over until Descent is finally released.Lots of judder in the menus, but during actual gameplay it runs smooth. At least as of this review, the Beta is all of a couple of hours old at this point.Even if you don't have VR I recommend this. It's a roguelike Descent clone that does everything it should well.It also works well with Steam Controller. I rebound the controls in game a little using the standard gamepad config. I put use, map, heal, and inventory on the D-Pad, bound up and down to the underside triggers [they mirror X and A in the gamepad config], switch weapons to Y and B, roll on RB and LB, and left the aim pad and analog stick as is. Works great.Well worth the price of admission, especially for Oculus Rift owners."
76561197961978093,Recommended,327880,19371518,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Say_It_With_Bullets™,"I really like this game.  Descent was great,  but sublevel zero on linux with a big screen and thrustmaster HOTAS X totally rocks.   I am looking forward to trying this in 3D when that part is out of beta.  Thanks guys!"
,Recommended,327880,19352155,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,WhyKickAmooCow,Excellent sound and graphics as well as entertaining and exciting game play. Would love to see coop/multi-player and larger levels!
76561198020488104,Recommended,327880,21177751,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Akibajin2081,"Very addictif game and I love playing it with my DK2, its really the perfect fit for VR !!!"
,Recommended,327880,21164962,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Thermoluminescence,"This game is awesome and is the first rougelike game I feel myself somewhat devoted to.Graphics are great, controls work with a joystick very well, has everything I miss from Descent back in the day."
76561198027290668,Recommended,327880,21799037,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Akumaejji,It scratches that Descent itch however the crafting/inventory management are something of a hassle imo
,Recommended,327880,26101932,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Sirchandistroix,"In short: Sublevel Zero + HTC Vive  + Steam controller + good headphones = jump kick to my jawI grew up during the time of Descent, and also own the current version, (but that's another story...) but never really had any interest. Back to the present - a few well written reviews online swayed me to purchase SLZ...and I'm glad I did. The soundtrack is very fitting chiptune-type jams that mesh well with the chunky, retro graphics. Blast it into your ears while you  zip through the explosions of enemy ships. The crafting is a little hollow for now, but definitely adds something to the game. Default controls are tight on the Steam controller and havent tried my flight stick yet - hopefully soon. Some weapons seem useless to me but that could just be personal preference. I guess you could say those items are my only real gripes about Sublevel Zero. If you want Descent with SNES/Genesis styled art and music this is your game. If you're asking yourself, ""do I want that?"" the answer is yes. Even on a monitor this game is a blast."
,Recommended,327880,26370183,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,sampoline,Enjoyable rogue-lite with a unique aesthetic and great sound design. Highly recommended if you love to die a lot.
76561198002850230,Recommended,327880,26161297,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Sanath,One of the best games of its type! cant recommend it enough!
,Recommended,327880,26470168,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Agent BLU,"what makes this game interesting is that the levels are never the same with each playthrough.  Also, and it's homage to the classic descent games (not counting underground) is unreal.   Plus throw in craftable weapons, hulls, and engine parts to upgrade your gunship.  You're already a force to be reckoned with.just don't die."
,Recommended,327880,28597361,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Res1s7,"Very well tuned weapons, sounds, movements. This is quality stuff and reminds me of the attention to detail put into many games popular at the height of the Arcade era like Defender. But most of all it feels SPECIAL. Like a real gem of a game. I actually feel a sense of excitement rather than a ""Mehhh, another over done video game set piece that I need to spend enormous amaounts of money on a monster GPU for"". Talking of that, yes PROCEDURAL is the key word here. The original Elite fit an entire galaxy into as much memory as probably drives your average heart pacemaker today. An industry that pushes for bigger and bigger video game card memory is getting more than a little absurd (as much as I love ur Assassins Creeds and Just Cause 3's). I mean 3 gig video game card memory ? That's monolithic texture design. Of course sometimes you need a big fancy airbrushed piece of art work somewhere. But we're using computers here. I've seen tech demo's out there of entire procedurally generated worlds. Procedural MATHEMATICALLY GENERATED grass textures and tree's. So maybe this small indie studio and others like them can shake things up and tune down the greedy emphasis on having to have the latest monster GPU rather than authentic video game inovation and fun."
,Recommended,327880,28696817,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Grey Alien,"I was a big fan of the original Decent I & II games (used to play them coop with a friend via dialup!) and this game manages to capture some of that vibe with it's twisting corridors, lava walls and frantic fights in 6DOF, though of course this is a roguelite so it's different every time you play and you unlock new weapon crafting possbilities as you play more.Anyway, definitely good for a blast."
,Recommended,327880,28658599,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,L Hideki Ryuga,"Sublevel Zero is a simple game.  Take a spaceship, explore a massive tunnel complex, Kill things and collect loot.  Where the fun and complexity come in is the six degrees of freedom of movement.  Now not only can you dodge left/right, up/down, or forward/back, but there is no absolute down.  You can spin and twist and turn however you like to navigate the game.  These features add degree of challenge to a otherwise simple title."
,Recommended,327880,28607521,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,smartbombradio,"This was always a good game, but this review is especially about the dev branch with VR. For the regular game look at any of these reviews, then get it, it's fun.So the VR is pretty good - they use tunneling to stop some of the normal motion sickness, and while it's not primarily a VR game especially when it's on sale like it is now it should be part of your library.It's still a beta, but it works and it's the descent in VR I always wanted!(And even without VR, it's a great mine shooter- arguably the best recent one.)"
,Recommended,327880,19938356,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Balls Deep In Awful,- Great movement control and feel.- Neat soundtrack.- Good combat loop (albeit repetitive).^ Encourages aggressive play by making enemies drop quickly-disappearing currency on death. You can still door-camp if you want to... if you're a sissy... or have low health like me.- Nice weapon and enemy variety.- Developers updated the game and eliminated my only criticism. 1love- The best mechanic for looking at a map in any game I have played.
,Recommended,327880,33343775,Posted: 7 July,all,SNK,A generally fun shooter game with ok controls and a great sci-fi theme. Has good graphics and a simple gameplay. 7.8/10
