user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198124051675,Recommended,327860,17144586,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,TruMoo,"Oh, Salt, you never let us down!Seriously though, this game is really great. Developers seem to be really hard working, gameplay is great, and there are a lot of intresting things to find. This is also the only game that truly creeps me out when nighttime comes.\========PROS========/1. The only harvesting I've seen is mining, which is very quick and easy to do. Other than that, it's foraging, which keeps you moving.2. Combat is great. Not too easy, not too hard. (Though the enemy AI could be improved to make it more intresting)3. ""Man I sure love sailing, I-"" *Epic, heroic music starts playing* "" OOOOOOOHHHH YEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!!"" (Good Music)4. Islands are very varied and intresting.5. Item spawns and drops are fair. It won't be ""play-for-80-hours-to-find-that-one-extremely-rare-thing"". You'll probably keep finding things you don't really need, but with such a large inventory space, and being able to sell them and buy awesome stuff from merchants, it hardly matters.Okay I can't think of anything else good to write about this game... so let's move to the cons.\=========CONS========/1. If/when you flee from pirate bosses, they seem to run loose across the entire (usually massive) island, instead of back to camp. So if you really want their loot, you'll be running around the island until you're bored.2. I'm not sure if this was fixed or if it was a bug at all, but last I checked, if you save, you die, and you go back to your last saved game, all items you consumed or lost are gone forever. Meaning saves only remember your location, not items. (Ex. Save before fighting pirate boss, whilst fighting use up 10 bandages and 2 potions, die in battle, you return to the location you saved at, but the items you consumed in battle are gone. Again, this may have been fixed, or may not have been a bug)Huh... you know, I thought I'd think of more things to write about in both pros and cons... oh well. Last thing.-----------Neither pro nor con (Stuff that takes away or adds to the game as the player dictates)1. Night creeps me out. It's realisticly dark, and you'll hear weird noises that sound like foxes. If you haven't heard a fox, last time I heard one, sounded like someone screaming. You can see why it would creep me out.2. ""Oh man night is so creepy I-"" *HISSSSS* ""WH!? WAGH!? There's nobody there!? WHO THE HECK IS DAMAGING ME!? AHHHHHHHHHH!"" (Unable to see spiders and if they spawn on any island is usually unknown. Keeps me on my toes when nighttime comes!)3. The new design for the Old Pirate Ship (And I assume others, haven't found them all yet). Don't get me wrong, it's great! But if you accidentaly land your ship up against the island's beach, it's pretty much impossible to shove off again without replacing said ship------------------One thing that should definitly be added is colonization and being able to harvest resources. That way, if you want to be on the move all the time, you can still pick up logs (And sometimes stop to mine), but if you want to colonize you can chop down trees with an axe and build houses and stuff. How awesome would it be to make a huge port and town on a big island?Hopefully the way I wrote this review doesn't annoy you, and the review was mighty helpful."
,Recommended,327860,12562680,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,a hobo,"Such a peaceful game,you make your first raft, sail to another peaceful island, get some more resources.Maybe you kill a deer, or you might just stay peaceful and pick some apples,you eventually get enough resources to make a better boat, so you take it for a spin, then sit out there, in the ocean, and fish, watching the sunset.You decide to rest for the night, so you find an island and sleep. As you wake you explore this new island, while you gather apples, you notice a sound and OH♥♥♥♥♥♥THERE ARE MOTHER FU*KING PIRATES!!!!! DIE ♥♥♥♥♥ DIE!!! IL BASH YOU WITH MY CLUB!!!!!You hide on your boat, watching them wait for you to return to the shore,You gather up your resources, make a bow, then shoot the MOTHER FU*KERS WHO ATTACKED YOU!!!!!!!!! YEH I GOT A SWORD NOW ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!! HOW DO YOU LIKE ME NOW!!!!!!!!! AH HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH!!!!!!!!!!!! I WILL FEAST ON YOUR BRAINS!!!!!!!!!!!!!-note, game does not contain brain feasting-"
,Recommended,327860,13748561,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Monsieur Kuma,"I landed on a foreign island, slaughtered everybody on it, pillaged their chests, killed all the deer, stole all the wood, picked all the flowers, and mined all the stone/ore. And then I fixed up their boat and sailed away on it. Colonialism Simulator 2015.10/10 Would ""explore"" againNo but seriously, Salt is an amazing game. There actually is quite a lot to do, even at this stage of development and you'll still spend hours playing it trying to kill all the named pirates, get all the ships, get the best armour, explore every island, etc. My favourite part though is that it isn't a punishing game in the slightest. It's ""survival"" in the loosest sense of the word. Running out of food only stops your stamina from coming back quickly, and as long as you have a basic club, you should be able to fend off most of the dangers of the world. That being said, you're never really truly invincible in the world and though there will come a time where you're pretty much self sufficient with your accumulated resources, it will take you a good while to get there. But the heart of the game is really about exploring the lovely landscapes, building cool ships, and watching the beautiful sunsets. So if you're looking for the Dark Souls of exploration games, this ain't it. But if you loved Eidolon or Proteus, you'll almost certainly like this. There's plenty to do already and plenty more coming with active updates and testing branches available for those who care about those things. There's plenty that still could be done (the UI could use an upgrade, the 2.5D grass could mesh better with the landscape, the AI movement could be better, etc.) but what is there is extremely promising and already a great pleasure to play with. I will definitely be following this game closely to see where it goes because I'm loving the direction it's taking right now. So try it now! There's a free demo, so you really have no excuse not to ;) Now if you'll excuse me, I must go back to being a pira- *ahem* an ""explorer."""
,Recommended,327860,20813971,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,$$,"Salt is is an open world adventure and exploration game where you sail across a vast ocean exploring different islands.On your long way you are going to hit upon pirates, animals, other ships and more!You are able to...sail the whole oceanbuild your own housing and sheltershunt wildlifeloot and craft itemsexplore undiscovered islands and mysterious places trying to find treasurescustomize your shipsPersonal OpinionEven due to the different visual style of the game it still looks gorgeous!Aswell, you don't see these kind of games everyday and the idea behind it is as good as the final outcome.I'm really enjoying the fact that this game is mainly about exploration and it gives you that magnificent feeling of freedom.But rememberDon't buy the salt if you haven't licked it yet!There's a free demo of salt available on the steam store :)"
76561197972437090,Recommended,327860,12872338,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Maestro4202,"This game is good therapy.Seirously, it is.  There is a game to play, stuff to fight, better stuff to get, boss enemies to fight and so on.  But what really strikes me about this game is just how it stands out of the sandbox crowd for it's unique approach to the genre.  Light is always playing with the flora, land and water,  creating a neverending kaleidoscope of coloramas.While some may complain about the cartoonish style of the graphics, they compliment the game perfectly.  The ability to sail around in boats obtain better and bigger boats adds to the already bountiful list of things to do.In short, if you are looking for a very relaxed, but very well made exploration game that doesn't pressure you with timers etc,  and want to just take in the amazing sunlight effects now and then,  look no further."
,Recommended,327860,14240084,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Rafael M.,"Unlike other games of this genre, Salt is focused on exploration rather than survival, and it's great. You'll sail across a huge ever-expanding procedurally generated world looking for loot, hunting, fishing, fighting pirates, discovering ruins, customizing your ship and crafting new gear to help you on your journey.Every Salt game starts the same: you wake up on an island with no enemies, a journal, a basic crafting guide, all items you need to build your first boat, weapon and pickaxe. What's next? Engage the high seas and discover!As other players have said, this game is very relaxing and feel almost therapeutic. Kudos to the sound designer; all ambience sounds are top notch and very immersive. There's music too, but it only plays at the right times, like when you're on deep sea with angry waves, discovering something completely new, etc.While the graphics are cartoonish, the lighting is very realistic. The sunset in this game is one of the most beautiful I've ever seen on a videogame. It's so beautiful that you'll want to stop everything you're doing just to admire the view. Another element that means a lot in your experience is the waves. They feel like real waves, reacting to the wind with unpredictable patterns. You really feel you're sailing into the unknown as you see your last visited island disappearing and with nothing in front of you. You can craft a sextant or look for a compass to help you find your localization.The downside of this game is that you can't explore underwater, there's only one biome and there's no weather changes. The good thing is that new biomes and dynamic weather are already planned and are coming soon. To know more about what's planned and the stage of development you can read the devs development blog(http://saltthegameblog.blogspot.com). Every friday they post something new. Worth the read even if you don't own the game.If you don't know if you might like Salt, download the demo. There's little limitation on the demo (you can't go very far, can't use world seeds and can't play on hardcore mode), so you can almost feel like you're having the full experience. If you enjoyed what you played, buy and support the devs. When you launch the game you'll notice that you can continue your adventure from where you left on the demo. How awesome is that?All in all, I recommend Salt for everyone looking for a relaxing experience. You can play without worrying of dying (you respawn every death) or you can play in hardcore mode with permadeath to see how far you can go. Don't be turned off by the cartoonish graphics. There's an incredible game here. Try the demo and see for yourself."
76561198005917155,Recommended,327860,16400567,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Jennifufu,"Needs stars, not only for realism/looking pretty but also for navigation. This is a very addictive game if you enjoy aimlessly wandering around and loot hoarding, lol.EDIT: So, now stars have been added, pretty cool, only one issue, now when the stars come out there are fireflyesque things floating all over the place which first of all make no sense and second of all don't completely take away from your ability to navigate with the stars but they are definitely extremely distracting and well, they might make sense on an island but there should be no fireflies out on the water so I don't understand their purpose at all other than to add some kind of forced atmosphere during the day and a slight distraction at night.The character models were really rough when I played it before but they have since been cleaned up quite a bit they kind of gives off a rough legos + campy feel, if that makes any sense. There also seem to have been a lot of other modifications made so it's looking really good. I haven't messed with the building options all that much, not sure if you can build a house or anything complex like that yet but you can put together a lot of other things like bow and arrows, shovel, mining pick, clubs, swords, etc. I definitely recomend giving it a try, it's a very simple/basic game yet rather vast due to how far you can travel from island to island."
,Recommended,327860,22075451,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,MediaevalJames,"I love this game for two reasons, first, the lighting and colour palette I just have a soft spot for bueatifully done simple graphics, second, the sailing is smooth nice and relaxing. I think it's because I still play LoZ : Wind Waker on the GameCube but what can I say, I'm a sucker for this kind of stuff.NOW FOR THE REAL REVIEW, Please note I have not done everything or collected everything this game has to offer, I will update my review the way I see fit as new content arrives.Pros-Excellent Lighting and Colour Pallette.-Smooth Sailing. (your ship sails over the rising and falling seas)-Crafting system that requires either trial and error, a book, or a wiki. (I don't like ones that tell you immediately what you'll need and make the resources rarer to compensate)-Tons of lore, loot, and quests to complete. (and apparently now a story)-Good variety of items, ships, and environments.-old school tools for location finding.now the things that should make this game a negative reviewCons-the combat system still needs some kinks worked out. (It's mostly either shoot while backpedal or hit, run to the water, heal, repeat)-no NPC ships or ship combat. (Boats and rafts are impervious fortresses that are never attacked by pirates, GET ON THIS PLS)-no guns. (around the era this game is going for, muskets have been around for a long time)-no wind system. (ships are the same speed in any direction)-no risk/reward for getting bigger ships. (if a ship you repaired gets stuck you can respawn it right next to you which is fine, but if you leave a ship anchored at an island, you can spawn it miles away, for small ships I don't care)-not many different types of NPCs. (bounty/wanted system would be cool, 3 main types of NPC, Shop owner, Inn owner, bad guys who KOS)-not much progression in terms of crafting.All in all I like this game, however many more people may not, I reviewed positive because I personal would suggest other people explore this world which is really fun to explore. Maybe they should market it as an exploration game with RPG elements.Take my opinion however you want, in the end of the day, it is my opinion."
,Recommended,327860,32639655,Posted: 22 June,all,Memeslayer,"Salt is a surprisingly great game. I expected it to be worse than it is because of early access, but it's really promising, so far. But, it does have it's downsides. At the moment, it can get slightly repetitive with the limited content it has, in terms of islands and items, but if you like the 18th-esque Century maritime theme, like exploration and open-world RPGs, and generally want a relaxing game to play (And maybe get addicted to,) i'd recommend it. I played 20 hours in two days alone. That should say something.This game seems fundamentally perfect for Coop multiplayer. Especially the ship aspect."
,Recommended,327860,19994414,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Erixson,"Okay, now that I've been at this for a couple days I can say that this game is awesome. Nothing quite beats the feeling of exploration you get when you've charted yourself a course for a far off island using your compass and sextant, standing at the tip of your ship with the waves crashing at you.Pros:* super relaxing game* A lot to explore, and it is simply fun to sail around and chart some islands.* Decent progression so far in the gear: you start off trying to track a deer to make pants so that you aren't running around bare♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in the bushes. And now some time later I've got some ancient armor and got myself a giant ship.* No hand holding. The game gives you a few hints of what you can look for in the beginning but that's it. Try to avoid the wiki or the maps floating around! It's more fun to figure it all out or to stumble upon a derelict ship all on your own.* Dev seems to be updating pretty frequently, so I'm excited to see what they will come up next.Cons:* Combat feels a bit clunky, but it's not too bad. I wish it was more involved* We NEED a cartography system of some sort, even if it's manually inputting waypoints/coordinates. So far I've MacGuyver'd something in MS Paint. It works, but it's a pain to have to keep tabbing out. We need something in-game.* Enemy AI could use some work. Right now they run like a maniac if you stand in 2 feet of water.* Ran into a coulpe bugs, but to be fair it was very few and nothing too horrible. Worst one being getting hopelessly stuck in a tree after I got spooked from a giant spider nipping me in the bum. This was after sailing really far away to try to get to a jungle island the innkeeper told me about. It really bolocks'd up my entire expedition.Overall I highly recommend this game if you're a fan of exploration and want a relaxing experience."
,Recommended,327860,30508015,Posted: 14 March,all,Ceronos,"Salt is a game that I always start up every now and then with an attempt to play and enjoy it. Recently I really dived into the vast sea in hopes of finding something worth making this title a recommendation.Personally, I do 'enjoy' the game, as it encourages you to seek out entertainment as opposed to force feeding it to you. I'll go over a few points that really stand out.Combat is as basic and bland as it could possibly be. I find it by no means to be difficult dealing with pirates/spiders/deer. Pathing is a complete and utter abomination that NEEDS to be rectified. If you have the slightest bit of intelligence and problem solving in that brain of yours, then this game shouldn't be an issue combat-wise what so ever. This only becomes easier and more of a joke as you collect gear. However, the game isn't a tank and spank playstyle. More often than not, running and re engaging is your best bet in any multi target fights. Oh and get gud with a bow, scrub, it's as simple as it gets with bow mechanics.Equipment is nicely distributed, and hard enough to come by that it doesn't make you immediately OP. However, I find the amount of craftables to be something to desire. I don't think having every craftable available at the start is a good thing. I am probably wrong at this, but for a game that encourages exploration, I was really disappointed to already know how to make 'The Red Maiden' ship and a full set of cobalt armor and weapons; without ever needing to find the book that actually does talk about these things. It's that attention to detail that Salt misses, that really makes it lose appeal.Now the meat of the game is exploration, and navigating is really fun in my opinion. Hard at first to figure out, and sometimes the compass doesn't align very well with the world, but once I got a hang of finding my place in the world...well the game really openned it's doors. Finding maps on pirates that lead to different merchants/ruins/towns etc, was a blast. BUT, this isn't a selling point, and I may as well play any other exploration game if not for the sailing. Singleplayer adds to the immersion of being stranded initially, but over time as I repaired a pirate ship and sailed around for an hour or two, I found myself wanting crewmates or some sort of greater NPC interaction than just quest givers and merchants.Which leads me to...multiplayer.I feel like the outcry for mulitplayer has derailed development for the actual game itself. It's honestly not the next direction of development that needs to be handled. That seems like something for the end of development, when all the pieces are in place and really blowing the minds of people playing it. Having other players in the game is going to cause allot of problems. It won't work right intially, people WILL have problems and then those people that try it and are unhappy are going to complain about the game. I feel this is an ankle slice for development, and it actually is a big '♥♥♥♥you' to a crowd that enjoys this game as is and wants more of the game itself.TLDR? Do I recommend Salt?Yea it's a decent game, but I wouldn't push it on anyone. I personally have enjoyed it, but I'd say this is a niche game.I can't stress enough, that this is a game that still needs allot of work and attention. Keep that in mind if you purchase it."
,Recommended,327860,20981451,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Montezuma the Mighty,"After 58 hours spent on Salt, I finally imposed to my self to have a break and take some minutes to write a review.I'm not exagerating: In the last 3 weeks as soon as I had time, and even if I hadn't time, I played Salt manically.This game have something that captured me. A feeling of freedom, adventure and wonder that I was searching for in many years.I was not sure what to think about Salt when I initially played the DEMO. Since is an Early Access game, I had doubts about the quality and variety of the content that initially stopped me from buying the full game. I later choose to take the risk and I can assure you, as it is now, the game is already very rich in content. Just consider that in 58 hours I still hadn't discovered everything! The Developers are dedicated to their work and very active in the community.The gameplay is pretty relaxing, but challenging and it is set up in an infinite seed-based generated world. The adventure start on a small island, where you can search for food, craft some tools and build your self a simple raft to explore the sea. As you procede, you can get better equipment by defeating pirates, dig up burried treasures, build beautiful ships, discover the truth about a secret cult, and much more!Since the gameplay is nomadic, your boat is your home, and you can decorate it as you wish.PRO:- Adventurous.- Relaxing but challenging.- Pirates.- Anchestral and mysterious secrets.- Beautiful ships to sail across an infinite world.- Looting is satisfying.- Good and friendly developers.- Almost no bugs even if still in early access.- Hours and hours of fun, and it's still in development.Cons:- Inventory need some work. For now you can't organize items' order, so when you have many items it's pretty confusionary.- Hunger is not challenging because you will find plenty of food.- No multiplayer (But it's planned!).- Can be addictive :PSalt is one of the best game I have ever played, and I can't wait to see what next updates will add in.Vote:9/10"
76561198104666688,Recommended,327860,14059763,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Delusionist,"First off, this is meant to be an honest and unbiased review, so I'll be going through the good in the game as well as the bad, without ranting off too much. I'll be assuming you know the general theme it contains.The time I spent playing Salt was incredibly relaxing. Like others have stated before, it's almost therapeutic. I believe this is what the game focuses on, instead of your typical Minecraft rip-off. Speaking of which, it's not a Minecraft rip-off. It's an exploration game of its own and definitely has a lot of potential to become an awesome and original game.If you're looking for a fast paced action game, Salt isn't the game for you. Salt is the game where you'll find yourself idling more often than doing things of major importance, but in my opinion that's what makes it so lovely.Pros-Relaxing-Original Gameplay-Open World-Good Lighting-Unique Water Dynamics-Very 420 Friendly-Arrow Physics-Plenty Of Things To Do-Bug-free (I haven't encountered anything)-Dev's Seem Active-Growing Mod CommunityCons-Strictly First Person-No In-Game Mapping System-Save files are not local (If you mess up, your items used while fighting will still be gone if you die)-Delayed Response Time (barely noticeable)-Pirates Are Landlubbers (they don't leave land)-Unoriginal Textures & Goofy Models-Animations need lots of work-No Guidance (You're often left wondering ""What will I do next?"" and not in a good way)-Unbalanced Difficulty (No Actual Combat Scaling)-Mediocre Combat SystemAll in all, I downloaded the Demo and shortly after I made a purchase of the game. Is it worth the $15? That's debatable. The Demo contains a lot of what the full game has to offer and will show you all you need to know about how it plays. The game currently offers about 6-24 hours of gameplay before you get less inclined to play it.My personal (possibly biased) review and summary:Salt is a great game for relaxing after a hard day, and it's the only game I find myself able to play in those moods where nothing seems to be entertaining. It's very smooth and runs great even on my crappy laptop. There's occasional moments where I can see the game could make basic improvements but from what I've seen the developers are working on fixing all of the issues and take their gamers seriously on suggestions. If they keep up the work then Salt will become an endlessly entertaining and unique game."
76561198025202506,Recommended,327860,17018148,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,The Govern-mint,"Let me start by saying that at this moment, Salt is an EXPLORATION game. It has very few survival elements. I have seen some reviews either crediting it with being a good survival game (??) or expressing their distaste at it's poor survival mechanics. THIS GAME ISN'T MEANT TO BE A SURVIVAL GAME. It focuses much more heavily on exploration and adventure. You can't even starve to death at this point in development. (You should also try the demo before buying the game).Salt doesn't have the best graphics, not by far, but it has amazing content and amazing sounds, minus the combat. It is also in Early Access, with a lot of the features already implemented at the time of writing this review. More luxurious features are currently in the works, such as a weather system and multiplayer. Other features such as an underwater world and pirates sailing on the seas are planned, but don't look to be coming any time soon.This game also has another interesting EA topic. It has, if you will, recieved the perfect pinch of Salt, in terms of attention and money. By this I mean that Salt hasn't gotten a lot of attention from famous youtubers, meaning it hasn't gotten the large playerbase of games like The Forest or Stranded Deep. What you will notice to be similiar about both of the latter games mentioned, is that their development is very slow at this point. The devs have slacked off quite a bit, as they have recieved the fruits of their labor before completing the task. They have millions of dollars at their fingertips, so why bother to finish the game? Salt hasn't gotten this treatment, mostly because it's graphics turn people away. Howver, the devs don't seem to be struggling with money. They have just enough to keep development going, and, hopefully, when the game is released, they will be rewarded with a much larger playerbase. They don't look like they will be giving up anytime soon.Anyway, on to the actual game. The game has very few bugs. It has only crashed once for me, and I think that actually may have been more of an issue on my end. It's not very realistic, though. The deer seem a bit out of place, for example. These may just be placeholders, though. Or they will be explained in the lore that the devs are working on. There are all sorts of islands, from desert islands to ancient islands, with crumbling pillars and statues. However, all islands except the desert ones are forested, and the desert ones are very rare. But this isn't a very big issue. Some islands are flatter than others, with rolling plains, while others have towering mountains that stretch far above the horizon. Some have pirates on them, and I have heard of rare Cultists and ancients reanimated statues on others. Some are uninhabited completely, while others have the occasional deer. Some have a merchant, or an innkeeper, or an entire pirate vallage. And the best part? It's all randomly generated, unless you choose to use the default world seed. The current quests are a bit dull, though. I have only seen one, Helping the Innkeeper, a one-part quest in which you must recover an innkeeper's hat from a nearby pirate village. However, he gives you an excellent sword to do the job, making the entire quest a bit too easy. Or maybe i just got lucky.The seas currently have no dangers, not from sharks, not from pirates, not from drowning. However, it is possible that with the weather update it will become possible to be capsized by waves. And sharks can be caught using a fishing pole. You can't currently go underwater, and if you try you will be greeted with a dark blue rectangle. There's nothing there. However, the seas do look beautiful and the currently have dynamic tides, but at this point you can't get capsized, only look cool sailing through 4-foot high waves. (Which, honestly, aren't very big, but I think that's as big as they get at this point). The seas are used only for 2 things: fishing and travel. Travel is of course important, but fishing is, at this point, pointless, as you cannot starve.Combat isn't the bare minimum, but it isn't Chivalry, either. You can dodge and block (with certain weapons), and some weapons have secondary functions, like a backstab. You can find better weapons in your travels, and harder enemies. I believe the hardest one has 1,000 HP. To put that in perspective, I believe the player starts off with around 55 or 50. Of course, you can get armor that gives you an edge in combat. You will normally fight 2 types of enemies: Pirates and spiders. Other ones, like Cultists or Ancients, are very rare in the world. The AI is basically the same: all enemies seem to sprint at you, sometimes zigzaging, until they reach you, at which point they will attack you relentlessly. The pirates that I have seen make no attempt to block or parry. They only way to escape from enemies is to run to the water, which is thankfully usually not very far it your slashing adventures go wrong. However, I wouldn't even bother if I were you. Why?Death doesn't matter. When you are killed, you respawn at the last point where you saved. However, you retain all of your equipment, even anything that you may have gotten on the island where you died. In Hardcore mode, you die for good, but your saves are retained, so you can just reload an older save. I hope this changes in the future, but perhaps that is just my opinion.TL;DRSalt is exploration based, not survival based. If you're looking for an in-depth survival game, look elsewhere. Salt has a very large amount of content for Early Access with more features planned in the future. The world is very fun to explore, save for the seas, which are a bit lackluster in content. The combat is very good, but nothing we haven't seen before. I would certainly recommend this game to anyone that is looking for an adventure in a game for a cheap price with a good amount of replayability."
76561197990770884,Not Recommended,327860,21665875,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,sjlong77,"This was the first time I bought a game on Steam where I felt like I was mislead by the percentage of positive reviews.  I know this game is early access, but there just isn't a lot of things to build or do.  There are only a handful of boats to build at this point, and the bigger boats aren't that cool.  You can go faster, but it is harder to see where you're going.  I found myself ditching my boats all the time and building new ones.  Once you make a boat once, you can make it again without using any materials, but it just seemed silly to ditch boats and make new ones only because it is easier than turning boats around or traveling back to where you left them.  It would be a lot better if the bigger boats had some cooler featuers that went along with them which you could customize more and there was an incentive to keep them.Overall, the graphics are pretty bad.  I'm not someone that normally worries too much about that, but they seemed particularly bad on this game.I ran out of things to build and I'm less than 15 hours into the game.  I kept collecting all kinds of materials thinking I was going to find some recipes to build cool stuff.  After searching forever and not finding more recipes, I broke down and looked up a list of recipes online and was suprised to see I had already built everything.  I seemed to spend a ton of time collecting stuff that really wasn't good for anything.Tons of people appear to like this game, but I just didn't think there is enough content to make it a good game (yet?).  I play tons of early access games, and this seemed particularly low on content."
,Recommended,327860,12978207,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Doctor Fudge,"Salt is effectively proof that Minecraft would be more compelling if you could build and live on a moving ship. (I make the Minecraft comparison lightly, as Salt is very much a different beast entirely.)I would like to describe my feelings coming out of the Demo, though.First I started playing, and decided ""Well, this isn't much, but let's try and build a boat."" After some time running around, laughing at the terrible pirate models (Yes, they're cute, but I still don't like 'em.), failing to kill a deer, and not understanding how to craft at all, I finally make a raft. Then I sail around the islands that I started on for a bit. And then I get bored with that, and sail off into the endless void. Then the music kicks in. And I feel shivers down my spine. And I feel hope. Excitement. Joy. Elation. ""My word,"" I think to myself, ""This is exactly how I felt when I first started playing Morrowind and realized that I had this entire world at my disposal! So much to see! So much to explore!""I heartily recommend this game to anybody who loves the thrill of exploration. It made me feel things no game has made me feel in a very long time. Good work, Lavaboots."
,Not Recommended,327860,34280128,Posted: 16 August,all,Wess,"Already a ton of reviews. instead of a review I would rather type out a wishlist.1) Ships. The entire game is based around ships. It is you're home, you're transportation, and you're storage box. We need more ships, loads more ships. Both crafting and littlered to be commandeered, We need ship upgrades. Not more box types or beds but structure upgrades. Better sails, rudders, paints, material types, stats. Ships need a lot more love. We need ship battles. We should be battling AI long before multiplayer is released. This should be implemented in prep for PVP and ship to ship combat in general before Multiplayer is even a forethought. I mean seriously what are you going to do with a friend? Pick up logs together? LOL. Ships, need a lot of love in this area.2) Islands. the only thing more detrimental than the ship is the islands. We need more, we need a lot more types. Volcanic, tidal, barrier, coral, and mix the lot. We need something to enter. As it stands there is what.. 3 buildings that you can enter? So basically most islands are barron flat ~ surfaces you walk around on to pick up logs. That is not really an adventure is it? We need ruins, I don't mean more columns stuck on the ground. I mean Aztec empires long lost. Cave systems, Beached ships, ghost towns, abandoned villages, we need something to explore. Something that tells a story without a quest, think Roanoke Island.3) Danger. We need threat. As it stands I have a better chance of finding end game loot than dieing. Sharks.. seriosly, it's the ocean, think about it. Bears, boars, snakes, Long forgotten traps. We need a sense of danger, a threat.My opinion of the game as it is. Definitly a lot of time and love has gone into this. The devs seem to communicate and listen. The game is definitly headed down a good road. Updates are pretty regular and usually pretty good sized. Honestly, the game is boring as it stands. Don't get me wrong, fun on that first run but it don't take long to see that massive hole in content. It don't take long to realize you will be staring at the same four or five islands for hours and hours. If you buy the game, buy it to play threw once and shelve it. It has a long way to go. Multiplayer is not going to be a saving grace. Instead of one person board out of his mind now you have two people picking up logs on the same map. This is going to be a great game if the Devs see it threw. My opinion anyway. As it stands, not yet."
76561198010065672,Recommended,327860,15938493,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Cypherpala,"10/10I have searched what feels like the entire internet and many lost years trying to find a really great ""Pirate"" type game. This game hit the nail right on the ****ing head without even trying!!!No, the graphics aren't ""Awesome"" and sailing around for thousands of nautical miles is time consuming, some would say out-right boring. But to me, THAT is what makes it an awesome Pirate game.The crafting is well done, you get a real ""open-world"" feel from this game as the seas are nigh infinite. MANY varieties of enemies from Pirates and their Captains, to giant Spiders. Not to mention all the wildlife.Needless to say, I was tremendously surprised as well as extremely satisfied!"
,Recommended,327860,12533723,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,nachi,"If you've ever played Stranded II, this is what you've been waiting for. A survival game focused on exploration, no zombies, low conflict, just you and the environment. It's simple in its current state but we really need more games like this."
76561198051826574,Recommended,327860,19059369,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Badsharkbad,"I love this game.  This is one of those games you start playing and you don't want to stop because you want go to that next island or over the next hill to see what might be there.   The developers nailed this game.   They have a little bit of everything and a lot of room to add more that will make it even more exciting.I wish I had the talent and imgination to make a game like this.If you like survival, adventuring, crafting, exploration, open world, pirates, role playing... this will be the game you want to purchase.   I promise you won't be disapointed."
76561198000244670,Recommended,327860,15226113,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,DuckandCover,"I supposed the best way that I could describe Salt, at least in terms of my own experience with it, is “entrancing”.Unlike many other “open world” games, the focus in Salt is squarely on exploration. Shortly after you arrive amongst its vast chain of islands, you’ll learn how to build your first watercraft and then you’re off on a journey of adventure and discovery.Yes, there are items to craft. There are tools and weapons you’re going to need in order to thrive in this world. But, for the most part, crafting is just a means to an end. You won’t find yourself investing hours in creating a fortress-like home for yourself. You’ll primarily build what you can carry with you. Your home, if it’s anywhere, is the endless sea.You’ll travel from one island to the next. On each one you’ll find something. Maybe it will be as simple as food or the wood and stone you need to craft another set of arrows. But sometimes it will be something else. A village of pirates. Someone who needs help to finish a quest they can’t accomplish on their own. Ancient ruins. Or a tantalizing clue about a greater mystery hidden out there across the ocean. Whatever it is, there’s always just enough to keep you sailing to the next destination on the horizon.This isn’t a frantic game. Not at all. It’s slow paced and for the most part, it’s relaxing to play. Sure, there are adrenaline invoking moments, such as when you’re trying to cut a pirate down to size. But overall, it’s about exploring. Finding out what might be on that island you can just make out in the distance.The environment is rendered beautifully. The island foliage, the ocean waves, and the sunrises and sunsets are all exceedingly well crafted. Some have complained about the simplistic appearance of the pirates and other NPCs. While I would agree that they are very basic in design, from my perspective, they fit the world of Salt well. The sound design is excellent, particularly the noises that fill an island at night and the steady sounds of the sea. The music fades in and out at appropriate times and is never intrusive. The piano theme from the title screen is very well composed and particularly memorable.The developers appear to be invested in the game and updates, at this point, are made steadily. Based on what I’ve seen on the forums, the developers readily communicate with those that have questions or feedback. Yes, Salt is an Early Access title, but based on what is here thus far, it is already a very satisfying experience.In short, if you have a love of exploration and the idea of setting out across the sea in search of adventure appeals to you, Salt is a game you will probably enjoy. At the very least, give the demo a test drive. You may find the world of Salt as compelling and hypnotic as I have."
,Recommended,327860,21919677,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,SA_HObo,Salt is one of the most relaxing survival game out therePros+Great soundtrack+Amazing artwork+Extremely relaxing+Average progression+Devs are up to date with everythingCons-Combat feels somewhat uncomfortableSalt is highly recommnded if you are looking for a relaxing survival experiance
,Recommended,327860,23527025,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Marlyonama,"This pirate game has so much potential! It's a far better game than Raven's Cry (thank God it's been removed from Steam). I love decorating my own ship and stealing loot from enemy pirates to purchase better stuff. However I would suggest adding in a map feature or recruitable NPC's to serve as crew members of your vessels. I like the cell-shaded graphics, however it needs a little more work."
,Recommended,327860,15894083,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Defetus,"9/10Okay before you say anything, Yes the game doesn't have the greatest graphics but who the hell cares this game is full of awesome content. I have always wanted  to play a game like this and its only in early access! I mean yes some things probably will change  that i want to change like the enemy sprites (a little more realistic could be a little nicer) maybe add more pirate legends like skeletons and tombs full of treasure, and probably add pirates already on boats that you can raid, and possibly have your own crew!!! i'm not saying that's all going to be added (just suggestions) but this game i could play for hours and not get bored it has hours and hours of raiding islands traveling the BEAUTIFUL sea, Hunting (i love the bow :3) fighting pirates, and finding people to help, sell, or buy things from/for. And i just play and wonder what i can discover next. This game is AMAZING and you should consider playing this."
76561198008859113,Recommended,327860,16486512,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Em0 Par+y,"It's a Pirate Simulator with a chill vibe. I mostly like the ambience in the game, and the sounds of nature. Even though the graphics are minimal, they add to the ambience."
,Recommended,327860,32859480,Posted: 27 June,all,Glitchy,"Strange as it is, games involving deep bodies of water make me incredibly nervous. I'm not a fan of the water and the thought of being lost at sea (or losing my boat while at sea!) ignites a very subtle panic. But this game is so much different than all of the others I've played in an attempt to overcome such a panic.As everyone else has said, it's incredibly relaxing. Even when at sea and the waves start to get high and the music begins to pitch, you can still feel greatly at ease.  You're never rushed to do anything and can just explore the world as you collect quests from merchants and guildsmen.Not only that, but for an Early Access game, it has enough content to keep you entertained and engaged for a long time. The developers are pleasantly talkative and keep you posted very frequently on updates and anything else they're working on. And if multiplayer is your style, they're working on that, too, which I'm excited for!Overall, I'm very, very pleased with this purchase and would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a relaxed exploration game."
,Not Recommended,327860,18126444,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,LiberaVigilantia,"There's the start of a good game here, but it's not quite there. It's fun to mess around and explore a bit, but the pattern of the game is pretty clear right from the start and there's no real motivation to run through the basic advancement of the game. If there were a more complex RPG-like story or a better mecahnic for creatively interacting with the world, that might be enough to keep me in the game.I would give it a 'yes' if it were cheaper.Pros:You can make shipsControls are decentThere's some basic questingThe game looks goodCons:Progress seems kinda slowYou can't affect the world muchLacks enough depthEDIT:I should add that people are commenting that this is supposed to be an exploration game. I can see why some people enjoy the exploration aspect of the game, but to me it seemed flat and monotonous. After an hour and a half of play and looking at the wiki to see what other content there might be, I decided it wasn't for me.This game just didn't float my boat =)"
76561198000538414,Recommended,327860,34903424,Posted: 12 September,all,crpgnut,"I'm still on my survival/crafting kick so I picked up a game called Salt. I guess it's called that because this game is full of islands and pirates; well land based pirates at least. Though there are a variety of ships, I've never seen another soul on the water.This game has a lot more loot variety than most of the others; not including 7D2D. You have several types of armor, weapons, and accessories. I haven't needed to build a base yet, so I'm not sure if that's a thing.Unlike the other games, Salt is populated. There are merchants, pirates, inns, etc. However, they are spread out amongst hundreds of islands, so you might not see anyone at all or a small handful depending on the island size and the resources.Combat is with other humans/ mostly pirates and cultists. There are no wolves, bears, etc. You can swim a long ways too, though even a raft is much faster. I found an abandoned pirate ship, repaired it, and now I ply the waters in style. It seems weird to control a 60' long ship by myself though….Food has to be scavenged and is always low. Trees bear fruit and deer are plentiful but shy easy so killing one takes patience. It is unlikely that you will make a clean kill with one shot, so you'll be chasing them down. A head/neck shot does massive damage though so you might get lucky. The flee AI for deer is great. You won't guess which way they'll run unless you box them in somewhere.The map has to be populated by you. It's just a blank sheet of graph paper with longitude and latitude marks. You can find or make a sextant and compass to help with this and you can also WRITE NOTES on it. How nice that someone finally got this. It's so nice to be able to write stuff down. Things like ""chest I couldn't open in nw corner of the island at 5E 12N, etc. I don't mind maps that hold your hand but sometimes it is quite fun to do your own. Note that there are several markers ready made for the islands too.There are lots of chests, buried treasure, ancient ruins, etc. Exploration is HUGE in this game.While there is no multiplayer just yet, it is in the workings. The author wants some form of multiplayer because they're going to add cannon to the bigger ships and then you'll be able to have ship to ship battles in multiplayer. For us single-player folks the cannon can take out shore-wandering pirates and deer."
,Recommended,327860,29589702,Posted: 30 January,all,GAD,"There are two kinds of game players. There are those who like to chase around, all guns blazing and living in the moment. The other kind is the type who doesn't mind the grind, and takes time to look at where he/she is and enjoying the moment.I have logged a lot of hours in 7 Days to Die and even in that, my style is fight when you have to, but get home before dark and enjoy being by the fire.Salt is for the latter kind of player. Graphically speaking, this isn't photo realism, but it soon takes on a beauty all of its own until you don't even notice how different it is. Trees and leaves sway in the wind, Deer dash here and there and the constant sound of the sea, crashing on the shore, makes the sound a real treat. Music only appears at key moments and when it does come in, it's very welcome, as it means you are near something interesting, or you're about to encounter something special. You soon learn the meanings. Longer musical pieces appear at seemingly random times, and the musical style itself ups the immersion factor ten-fold.Beginning with a simple raft, you make your way up through the various ship types, by collecting wood and stone, animal hide and plant fibres. The quests are interesting enough, the foes are of varying strength and difficulty, and the game world is enormous. What makes this game beautiful to me, is after a hard day running around an island getting resources, I make my way back to my upgraded pirate ship, mark the island position on my map - and write a few notes in my diary - before setting my sails billowing and retiring to my cabin to read one of the many books dropped by NPC's. I might even do a spot of night fishing if in the mood, as different fish appear at different times and locations.If the gentle swell of the ocean in a gorgeously rendered world, where you can go where you please, when you please and do what you please, is your thing then buy this game. It is quickly becoming my new favourite go-to game, and for me, reading by torchlight in my gently rising and falling captains cabin, or crafting stuff for tomorrow and plotting my next island visit really does float my boat. The immersion factor is high, and the islands fading out of sight behind you, as you sail into an incredible sunset, gives you a real feel for life on the ocean waves. After a few recent disappointments from Devs promising much and delivering little, this little gem is a real breath of sea air. Buy it!"
76561198021269538,Recommended,327860,25341499,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,roboman54,"NOTE: THERE IS A FREE DEMO! Try it first so we don't get ragingly negative reviews.Pirate fighting, island hopping, ship building, treasure hunting, quests, this game has it all and more. Yes, the graphics are low but this helps to increase smooth gameplay and reduce lag that comes with those high end graphics. This is a solo-player game at the moment but they are quickly and efficiently working to implement multiplayer. The devs listen to our ideas/imput about the game, which is rare imo. Great game HIGHLY RECOMMEND!"
76561198066722478,Recommended,327860,19258059,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Forakis,"So I am no veteran to salt, however I am a veteran towards sandbox titles in general, I have literally been scouring the web and steam for a game that can stand out from the rest with something players all love and crave while giving a new feel. I can honestly say that SALT has really done an incredible job the Dev's I take my hat off to.What I cannot believe is that I was just in time to see some real development in the game, as I began playing SALT just before this update was released, so I was able to see the ship models and textures before. after the update I was blown away by its detail upgrade. Highly recommend SALT and can only assume the best of its potential.I would say 10/10 but as I am only 2 hours in, I will have to give 8/10 until my excitement and enthusiasm dies down. Then my rating can be more accurate and see clearer.first 2 hours of gaming10mins - running running oh a chest12mins - reading craft manual14mins - boat.... i need a boat23mins - i have a boat =D30mins - sailing sailing sailing =D31mins - gathering materials from island to island50mins - spot an abandoned ship51mins - board the abandoned ship52mins - notice i can repair, but do not have materials1 hour 40mins - have materials and repaired pirate ship2 hours - sailing on my pirate ship not caring where I am going just going.looks to repair and own a bigger pirate ship"
,Recommended,327860,19665158,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,JudgementDayIsHere,"With an outstanding board of developers, community, and replayability, the game Salt may not be for everyone, but it sure does have its fans. As an Early Access game, much of the outcome has not been completely decided, but with a dev board willing to listen, many of the changes that the community wants will eventually go in. In my almost 100 hours, I could have been doing much better things with my time...but do I regret getting this game? Not a chance."
76561198093517499,Not Recommended,327860,13917218,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,BeardlessPirate,"TL;DR Salt is a great exploration game, but the mechanics like combat and crafting fall short.Salt is a bit of a disapointment for me.  The whole point of the game is to explore, and let me just say that Salt IS a great exploration game.  However, most of the mechanics were poorly concieved and/or do not function well.  Combat is less than appealing, as there is very little to do besides click and swing your weapon repeatedly.  Archery is frustrating in the least.  Crafting is, if not well thought out, reasonable.  The killer is that you need to simply spend large amounts of time gathering resources with virtually no gaurentee that you will find them.  Logs spawn randomly, as far as I can tell.  I would love to see features where you can harvest wood from trees, and rocks from cliffs, but until then, your only way of gathering resources is hopping from island to island searching the ground for stuff that (hopefully) has spawned there.Combat stinks, can't figure out how gravity affects arrows, and grinding for resources all take away from the truly fun exploration aspect.  I could tolerate this, but unfortunately the detract from the game dramatically."
,Recommended,327860,13724773,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,TactiCat,"I'm really glad they released a demo (which I highly reccomend you try) because otherwise I might have pandered about and overlooked this game which at a glance looks like a dumbed down Minecraft.But it's not really at all. There are a few similarities, maybe some inspiration as far as the sailing goes. Sometimes while playing Minecraft, sailing my little boat off into infinite oceans I wished...For this game.You start on an island. Your head hurts. You had been unconcious. A stranger has left you a note, and reccomends you leave your little island as soon as possible. You stumble around, getting your bearings. You pick up everything you see, you pick some fruit, you find a pickaxe and break some boulders and collect your belongings from a chest.You have enough to make a raft and leave your tiny island, clumsily learning to sail for the first time, as you fight the wind and the tide.You sail, you explore, you stop off at islands in desperate search for food. You craft, you fight. You manage to put together a fishing rod, and relax awhile. You build a sail boat, which is faster than your dingy raft. A compass. A sextant. Suddenly you feel more confident to explore even further.I very much reccomend this game, it is very zen and relaxing. And once you are involved in it, fairly pretty. I'd like to be able to retexture it and that is really my only gripe with it at the moment. It's a game I'm rather comfortable sinking hours into and for the price, you really can't beat the experiance.I'd also reccomend getting the 'Salt Charts' tool that someone made, it makes navigation easier on you. You can find it pinned in the Forum."
76561198001385885,Not Recommended,327860,31165002,Posted: 15 April,all,Ukkunz,"Fun game for a while, but eventually turns into quite a tedious grind fest. Devs are active and update it, but somehow this game doesn't hold my attention. Yes you can sail in a vast spacious ocean, but the islands are very similar. The quests have the same depth as those in free MMORPG's (get me a deer hide so I can craft you a drum that gives you a stamina boost for a while. OH NOES! pirates stole my hat, go get it back..........thanks for my hat!, lets teach those pirates a lesson, go to those pirates and steal THEIR hat........) that makes you travel back and forth a lot.Besides this a lot of basics are missing:- controls need to be changed in a pop up menu that appears before the actual game starts, there are no options in-game to change it;- while playing, you can not load a game. You have to go back to the main menu to do that;- no auto/toggle forward/run/move button, annoying in a game where you move slow,,,,and you need to move a lot.The game has potential, but the studio is a small team of persons and that shows in the game. Looking at what they plan to do in v.1.9.5. I see they waste time on moronic stuff:""We've also made some subtle changes to the main menu, adding a randomly generated island in the background, some new graphical effects, and the ability to slightly move the camera, giving it a more immersive feel.""Seriously? Hours has been wasted to add B/S to the main menu screen? Half of the UI in the main menu goes outside the borders of my screen. but lets focus on generating a random island in the background....If you do plan on getting this game, do it at a mega sale so you dont have to waste too much money."
,Recommended,327860,12839531,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Interactive Gaming Studios,Salt is a great exploration game. In salt you have to manage your food levels as well as travelling to different islands to gather resources to craft new items. If you love exploration survival games I recommend buying Salt.
76561197976721768,Recommended,327860,13398250,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Hey it's Ramza,"This game is well on its way to being one of the best in the genre. As an early acess game, what has been presented thus far is nothing short of delightful. Highly stable for an early access game. Active dev team. And just flat out good ideas. If the devs do HALF of what they say they plan to do, this game will be everything the survival sandbox genre was missing.Plus, it costs half of what most similar early access games cost, while its twice as stable and playable.Gold ♥♥♥♥ing Star"
,Recommended,327860,12507310,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,FURHAVENBURGER,"This is just one of those games I'll say to just 'buy it, buy it now'.It has the adventure that games like ""minecraft"" (And other crafting/surviving games) are so badly missing.Theres only a tiny bit of hand holding to get you started, then your on your own. Some people might cry about it, but its about perfect for most. Takes a few minutes to get your barings, but theres not much you can't figure out after that.Crafting system is fairly limited at the moment, but early access and all that jazz.As it stands right now October 2014, its a very playable game. Combat is bare bare bones, but again, it works.So to sum it up-PositivesFun ocean adventureisland exploringcrafting & light miningcombat (with pirates!)sailinghunting elkworlds can be random generatedgame runs very well on my mid grade laptopno one telling you how to play or where to gothe dev seems (so far ((My opinion)) ) like a decent person who wants to make a great community involved game.Negitive ...Basic bare bones combatnot a lot of crafting (yet)Thats about it. They have a great demo, give it a try. The demo itself, could be relased as a small game on its own and be better than a lot of the other early access games.So take it from me,a 30 year old man with a beard,I strongly recommend this game."
,Recommended,327860,12689214,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Buglet,"Before reading on, I thoroughly suggest you download the demo for this game (available above) before investing money into it. It's early access and by no means near completeion, thus making it's price of £11 quite a gamble.My experience with the demo was fulfilling as someone who's looking for something calm, peaceful, and relaxing to play. Although mush of the game's content is missing from the demo (not surprising), it allowed me to get an insight into what the game has to offer me as of now, and what it may offer in the future.It was satisfying to control my raft as I sailed across the waves between islands, and - aside from the simple, yet altogether beautiful, graphics - felt very immersive.My first encounter with an enemy, a pirate carrying a sword, was interesting - the combat in this game is simple and predictable, and provides users with the typical ""attack"", ""powerful attack"", and ""block"" features present in most games of this nature. Impressively, the combat in this game, although sometimes predictable (the enemy I fought only had one single attack) was an enjoyable quick break from the usual serenity of the rest of the game. Hunting, similarly, gives a small sense of achievement, and the rewards follow suit.The scenery is very eyecatching and I have taken lots of screenshots of this game already, from the vast valleys in the islands to my boat drifting on the surf. There are substantial amounts of graphical settings which allows this game to be played on a wide variety of machines (and on high settings, I can safely say that I am impressed with what the graphics of this game has to offer).Crafting in the game is easy and simple, as well as logical, and there's a decent variety of crafting recipies already. Like most games, there is a slight learning curve (not just in crafting, but in respect to the whole game), which serves as a little challenge for new players.There is lots of content in the game already, which is surprising considering how new it is. The developers have promised future updates, however having had the game for such little time I can't vouch for them. Any improvements I'd like to see in the game are very likely to be added in the future.Altogether, I find no bad points to make against this game. It does what is promised, and providing the developers stay faithful to their noteworthy creation, my rating of 10/10 shall stay as it is.Please, before you purchase this game, do your own research. As with all early access games (and this game is VERY early access) you're paying for what a developer has promised you. I must say that the current game content is not worth £11 - what the developers say they will be adding, however, works out as quite a good deal for £11. Early access games are a gamble for the consumer, and this provides no deviation from that. Purchase with care.I, myself, am glad to be a part of this game's development, and will be eagerly participating on the forums.10/10. Let's hope it stays that way."
,Recommended,327860,15745383,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Crafted,"At first, i thought to myself ""lame graphics and lame pictures but an ok trailer"". Honestly I didn't even think about the adventure part of this game. I saw enemies and things to collect, so I downloaded the Demo to give it a try.It amazed me. I think i sat 15 hours with the Demo. Now i own the game, and it actually feels like a finished product.The game also holds VERY much potential, as of what the Devs plan to add to the game,- like weather-types, new enemies, more boats, new UI, possibilities of making your own home on land, and (hopefully) multiplayer.Salt is a game that creates addiction. It's not AMAZINGLY good, but it's good enough to hook you. Why?Well you kinda create your own quests, directions and goals. The game does not give you anything to go on, which is the starting point of Your imagination.If you like open-world, adventure and exploration; Make yourself a boat and join Salt!"
,Recommended,327860,17098004,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,harmlesshamster,"What can I say? At first I was looking for a simple exploration game for my nephew.I am going to end up playing this for a long time!9.9/10!Why not the .1?No star skybox above me.There are beautiful skyrays of moonlight through trees at night and I can almost feel the cold night air brush past me as I see fireflies dance about my bow and arrow as I night hunt that deer.If the author wrote an accurate astronomy skybox or ""sphere"" box, and then allowed people to build better telescopes, this could not only be an awesome exploration game but a sky exploration game as well. Imagine - seeing a comet go across the sky or a supernova explode overhead! Imagine building a telescope and zooming in on the moon and seeing beautiful and accurate crater and landscape. Along with this accurate and yet changing (I see the moon going through phases so I know it's on his mind) sky box idea, people could really learn how to use a sextant for real ... imagine that!If you want to build an open adventure explore game, have players turn their head towards the sky as well.Well worth $15!"
76561198093706020,Recommended,327860,13976461,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Shirls,This world isn't too detailed but it's pretty. I thought it was going to be more relaxing to play but it get kind of tense! But I'm really having fun with it. I love suddenly finding something I can get and trying to kill the deer.  The sunrise/sunset and the moonrise is beautiful. I do recommend this game.
76561198095164000,Not Recommended,327860,23938283,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,RainbowNuggets,"It's a good game to pass the time, I like sailing around just looking at the sunset, the islands and the occational hut on the beaches. I bought the game because I loved AC Black Flag and I have always wanted a first person pirate adventure game, this is the closest I have gotten and It's .. great.It's great because of the lack of content that is being put into the game. It's not even monthly updates, there seems to be no schedual at all - no news on upcomming features.. Sometimes I think the devs are dead. If I had noticed this before I played over 3 hours I would have refunded. Salt is just a casual game I would play while listening to a long YouTube video or talking to friends on Sype. I don't see it being a game I would bash unless the devs stand up and ask the community what they want and actually give it. The updates are lacking so much.Salt is a early access game and has been for 2 years. Almost nothing has changed but the models of some ships and items. It's stupidly ridiculous.I'm going to have this as a negative review because of the state it's in at the moment, I do not recomment buying this full price right now as of 29/06/16. (Will update this as the game updates.)"
76561198119494036,Not Recommended,327860,25609884,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Sensitive Fern,"Eh, I quite liked the idea of this game, however, there are some pretty major problems with it.PRO-cute artstyle-still being updated-pretty cheapCON-I feel as though looking for opjects is a chore, it just seems so tedious when you're looking around the same, small island looking for a pickaxe so you can actually leave said island, I'm not sure if it's the folliage or what, but finding items in the world is just annoying instead of being fun.-The game runs, not well, to say the least.-I understand that the selling point of this game is that you can just putter about on your own, but it's so easy to sail around and never come accross anything or anyone that actually improves or changes what's going on in the game.Conclusion;I cannot personaly recommend this, but I'm not trying to say it's horrible. It just seems so empty, yet it has such potential. Time will tell if the devs make the much-needed improvments to this, I hope they do."
76561198058735020,Recommended,327860,16542293,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Skyehawk,"I personally adore this game, it's a shame that I can't play it more. If you are looking for cutting edge graphics, linear storylines, well developed NPCs, or  an incredible combat system this may not be the best game for you, but what it lacks in pure aesthetic areas it more than makes up for with game style, originality, and pure joy of exploration. I found myself completely immersed in Salt to a point where I was legitimately freaked out by some of the games content, inquisitive about other things and quite pleased with how serene the randomly generated worlds are. The early access game does leave some things to be desired; multiplayer, smoother graphics, etc. but the content, as lava boots implements it, feels very well placed, there are very few loose ends that are common with many early access games.I do have a few things that I would love to see in future updates; better sailing mechanics (let's face it, square sails are historically accurate, but are not the most efficient or visually appealing, Assassin's Creed Blackflag found a great balance in the sailing department) The weather cycles and new night sky are in the works, I am very excited about those, they will really help with an already immersive game. The story line could use a little work in order to ease the player into it sooner, but the journey of exploration is indeed a good one. The pirate captain bosses could be a little less random, I had trouble hunting down the last one.Overall a stellar game, It runs (fairly) smoothly on most machines, the new menu system is great, and I am looking forward to using my controller with the new patch. If you don't feel like buying it now please keep an eye on it, Salt is riding the waves to something great."
76561197977276164,Recommended,327860,26916941,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pascal,"This game is very relaxing. If you like Wind Waker and/or Minecraft, you will most likely love this game. Only thing I wish for in this game is multiplayer. Sailing the open seas and discovering islands or just sailing peacefully with no goals, it is just an uncut diamond. It is whatever you want it to be for yourself."
,Recommended,327860,18408649,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,ionface,"Salt is fun.Grab this up when it's on a discount. Active dev. Great game design.There are many  minor/cosmetic faults right now, but they don't detract from the gameplay or the atmospheric beauty.This is a mesmerizing open world adventure, and I can't wait for more."
,Recommended,327860,18741265,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Pen Pineapple Apple Pen,"Okay, so I was looking for a simple Open World free roaming game, something I could just easily jump into and start running around. Well, I have found it.The controls are simple. Super easy. It literally takes like 2 seconds to figure out how the game works lol. It feels like The Elder Scrolls for toddlers, but it's so fun haha. It's still early access, so I wasn't expecting much to begin with. I actually put more than 7 hours into the game, Idk why Steam didn't record that but whatevers. From what I can see after putting some decent hours into the game, it seems like a Pirate themed exploration game. It's kinda' like a survival game, but it really doesn't come off that way. This game isn't challenging enough to be a true survival game. You start off on an island, you wake up left with a note, you see a chest, grab some stuff out of it, make a boat, get on it, and start exploring islands and whoopin' pirate cheeks, hunting deer, mining, and crafting stuff. That's literally all you do. The game lacks content, or at least I think so, but it's enough to entertain me. I kep playing because I wanted to keep going to different islands and exploring, that's what won me over, the thrill of exploring new islands. After a while it got old because I kept seeing the same stuff over and over again. BUT like I said, it's early access so I'm not complaining... I imagine the devs will keep building onto it over time, adding more and more content. AND OMG THE MUSIC...... THE MUSIC IS SO GOOD. I went to my boat at nightime while the moon was out to go sail some more and while I was out on the water this emotional theme song came on suddenly, and I mean it hit the feels hard. Kudos to whoever composed for this game!! But you want to know what the BEST part of the game is???? :D I got stuck in the middle of the ocean, I had no idea where I was and I didn't see any more land for 20 minutes, I was like ""wait a minute..... what the h3ll is going on?"". Completely screwed, then I decided to stop playing :DI still give it a thumbs up though, if I said I didn't have fun I'd be lying :)"
,Recommended,327860,28462710,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Aar0n1saw3s0m3,"Best game I know to just chill out, explore, and enjoy the beautiful world that's been created. No real story driven direction; go where the winds take you, hack and slash or shoot your bow, or simply fish and forage. The graphics aren't the most amazing, but they still manage to create a unparalleled experience with the beautiful transitions between day and night and the open oceans. This is one of my favorite games, and I would recommend everyone give it a shot. It can take a few hours of playing around and gathering resources to get the hang of how to play, but after that it's smooth sailing and good times."
,Recommended,327860,14303905,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Fahrenheit,"I must say, starting up my first game in Salt, I was a little disoriented. It felt like the first time I had played minecraft, where I had no idea what to do, or what to build.After a few minutes of getting my berrings and looking around the starting island, I finally built my raft and got sailing. Steering the raft was a hell of a time, and I loved it. It felt like I was actually steering a raft with a stick. When I upgraded to the small sail boat, which was a huge improvement from the raft, I felt like I had accomplished a feat. The Pirates are challenging, at some point I wandered onto more than a few islands where I had no hope of making it out alive because I had the worst gear, yet still hadn't found the materials to make anything better.Salt definitly needs improvement in some aspects, but I cannot wait for what else they have in mind to add. I think what I would want added to the game most of all is some sort of rough sea areas where the waves are higher and more chaotic, and toss your boat around.I would definitly recommend this game if you want a chilled survival game with no zombies. Sailing around is great for relaxing while listening to the waves, the same for hunting deer on the islands. The bird sounds are impeccable."
76561197997211504,Recommended,327860,27496182,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,thornlord,"This may be the most relaxing game I have ever played. The sounds of the enviroment are spot on. After a couple of hours, you forget the fact that Salt does not use the latest graphics engine and become completely immersed in the world. The Day/Night cycle is  quite beautiful. It takes a few hours of exploring to start putting together a decent inventory, but crafting is well explained. Pay attention to the loading screens as well....this is how I learned you can hit certain trees for fruit. There are quite a few quests, but its not a quest-driven story. YOU choose how to play. I find the exploration of the hundreds upon hundreds of islands, finding new books, meeting new people, to be my favorite part. A few cons. Combat with pirates at first can be tough. Once you craft some armor and find a decent weapon, it gets much evener. Finding Hardstone is extremely difficult...way too low of a spawn rate. Use it wisely. Lastly, hunting Deer can be tedious. These are very minor complaints. The fact is, if you give this game more than an hour or two playthrough, you will fall in love with it."
,Recommended,327860,20141059,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,ANG3LIC,"Ever play black flag and think i'd be enjoying this awesome game so much more if it was not from Ubisoft?Well look no further..In this game you play a pirate washed onto an island and after gather supplies to build a makeshift raft you are free to explore, kill and steal.Pros:+ TRUE total freedom to travel and explore+ Building your own ship+ Tons of crafting+ ""Bad"" graphics opens this game up to so many more people+ Plenty of quests, weapons, gear etc+ Focusing on singleplayer first to ensure the best player experience+ Multiplayer will be added+ Controller supportCons:- Graphics may turn off some- Bugs (Its EA with an active Dev team, give it time)- Random frame drops even with this type of graphics.I payed 10 Dollars for this and its a steal. I highly Recommend  this game if you are interested.Plus dont mistake my play time. I play offline most of the time unless the game needs internet access for its full features"
76561197968520344,Recommended,327860,20277133,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Phnogg,"Let me start by saying that this game is, in my opinion, a niche game. If you expect constant quests, tense and fast paced combat, and/or generally aren't a patient gamer then this game probably isn't up your alley. However, if you are still interested then please read on.Let me start with the good stuff:-This game has captured a sense of wonder that I haven't experienced since Minecraft. With Windwaker style graphics, everything is visually appealing, and sailing to and from islands is somehow always exciting. Whenever I'm done exploring an island, I get giddy about the prospect of getting in my ship (you start with just a raft but can end up with a 3 mast behemoth) and sailing towards a new island or even just sailing without direction at all.-Though I mentioned a lack of constant quests, there are in fact a lot of quests in the game. The issue is that you'll have to do a fair bit of sailing to find merchants, innkeepers, and other quest givers. For me, this is actually a plus since the time inbetween quests really makes them seem special when you finally get one. The rewards don't let you down either. Just about everytime I've finished a quest I looked at my new item and said, ""OH SWEET!"" Even after 60 hours of playtime I am still aware of at least two quests I have yet to complete.-Fishing is great. I know this may sound crazy but I have spent hours fishing in this game. The great visuals combined with the realistic rolling of the waves out in the open ocean make for a very peaceful experience. Fishing itself is simple, click once to cast and click again when you get a bite, but it's not the fishing mechanic that is exciting. It's the peace and quiet, and the something like 30 different things you can catch (its not always fish). I found some really interesting stuff out there.-Ease of access. The game was super easy for me to get into and understand. The crafting system is pretty straightforward (you also start with a book of basic crafting recipes to get you going). It's a little hard to keep track of where you are going at first but I found a compass and sextant at about the time I actually started caring about where I was going so no problems there.The bad stuff:- Combat. Combat at this point is rather uninspired as it consists mainly of standing toe-to-toe with enemies and hoping you beat them to death first. There are bows and arrows as well, and they do have different types of arrows which helps to spice things up. I've been lurking on the dev website however, and they say they aren't finished with combat yet so it should get more interesting as updates roll out. As of yet I have no reason not to trust the devs as updates seem to be regular and they listen to their community.-My other complaints are all things I've seen the devs address, such as the lack of weather (a planned but not yet implemented feature), and framerate drops on jungle islands (planned to be optimized). My complaints are basically that this game can't get out of early access fast enough!So, if you enjoyed minecraft's sense of adventure and wonder and think you would enjoy sailing an endless world with lots of islands to epxlore, then I would definitely give this game a shot. Happy sailing!"
76561198078264064,Recommended,327860,24570544,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Caedus Zolar,"I mean, Salt is a pretty silly game.  It's not really my cup of tea, but I'm fine having it.  It's playable, you can get into it.  It's really not bad at all.  Relaxing even.  Real pretty.  Pirates to fight.  Islands to explore.  It's fine the way it is, I think.  Updates keep happening, few and far between.  It's worth the money.  You will probably enjoy this game, even for a little while.  I haven't played it in a while, but I do peek at it to see what the devs are doing with it.  Just added a new boss, probably added some new loot.  I know they just added a new place to explore.  It's decent.My only qualm is, after you get a big boat, and a good bit of gold...  Learn to map the sea, and get yourself a decent sword and bow.  There's little else to do.  Fight pirates.  No naval battles, you have to get out of your boat and go look for a fight.This game is cute.  All I can say.  Would I recommend it?  Yes, but not to every body.There's not much of a survival system.  You can eat, but you don't have to eat.  Food is hard to come by, not even needed.  I'm not sure what the point of this game is, really.  But I enjoyed the little bit of time I spent playing it, and I'm sure I'll play it again in the future."
,Recommended,327860,21656983,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Rebel Raime,"TL;DR: A finely tuned combination of satisfyingly simple sailing, well-handled first-person combat, and easygoing exploration in a gorgeous quest-completing lootfest package.I don't usually write reviews,said everyone writing Steam reviews.I really like games that do something well. That special something, so to speak. The Soulsborne games have perfectly-tuned, responsive combat, and JC3 is all those kickass cutscenes you wish other games would let you play.Well, Salt has some of the most amazing exploration of any game I've ever tried. Sure, it doesn't have that moment-to-moment tension in something like RE4, or the feeling of 1:1 recreation TW3 has, but the feeling of quite simply beingfree(more on that later) is unparalelled.It's not a complicated game. It's simple in its ""Hey, you haven't eaten in two days, have an apple"" survival mentality, and its ""Y'know, you could just do this quest to get this one material"" crafting mentality. Despite player-aid features ranging from bare-bones to not-implemented, the friendly community and ample player-created resources are easy to get through and easy to work with, and immersive ways of keeping tabs on your location and quests are coming soon, according to the (very active) devs.Now, don't mistake this simplicity for ease. This is not an easy game. It's no Super Meat Boy, but, at least until you figure out what you're doing, it will keep you on your toes. From trying to find a merchant, through brief (and responsive) combat sections, to realizing you're lost at sea and have no clue where you are in reference to islands and landmarks.See, this is where I think the game both shines and drags itself down. Essentially, Salt is a hypothetically endless (its content may or may not be finite, there's just so much of it there's really no difference to a human player) first-person Wind-Waker-meets-Skyrim-meets-Latest-Survival-Game-on-Early-Access. The only ""point"" of the game is to get nicer gear, harder/better/faster/stronger ships, and shinier decorations, through two core gameplay loops somewhat like this:Sail to an islandDepending on what type of island, collect all the things/kill all the enemies/repair derelict ship/etcPut loot to good useProfitOrSail to an islandReceive questComplete quest by sailing to location and collecting X amount of Y (and possibly Z, A, B, and C) item/killing X (possibly Y and Z) enemy/find X NPCReturn to quest giver to receive rewardProfitIt's relatively grindy, but I personally find the gameplay well-tuned and very enjoyable, from the amazingly weighty and relatively simple almost-two-button sailing to one of the best first-person combat systems I've ever tried. The acquisition of gear, materials, gold, and ships fills a particularly under-filled niche in my gaming desires, and the fact that the game looks so nice only makes it better.And don't believe the screenshots, because it does lookverynice. The not-quite-cel=shaded lo-fi & low-poly graphics style is relatively easy on the hardware, but even when not turned up all the way still looks gorgeous. The colors pop in all the right places and, along with very tasteful placement of landmarks, make it easy to distinguish between the different types of islands, all with their unique features.At the end of the day, Salt is still not a finished product. Little stutters and a few places that lack optimization (as well as a somewhat underwhelming options menu and little-to-no anti-aliasing) make that very apparent technically, and to a casual player the all-but-nonexistent beginner help in-game (there's a little more of it in the testing branch as of 3/5/16 than in the main release) may be offputting. But all the things that keep Salt from being an amazing game, rather than a really really great one are all things that will be fixed as it moves out of Early Access into being a full release. As is, it is better than a staggering majority of Early Access games by a very large margin (hell, it works, so that's better than 90% of them), and better than many full-price AAA releases *cough* SF5 *cough*.Best of all? It's $14.99. If you're at all interested, there's no excuse to not try at least the demo."
,Recommended,327860,17798866,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,noctarchy,"I would recommend* this game if for no other reason that it actually deserves to be on early acces; it runs well and I've not had any major experiences with bugs. The core gameplay is fleshed out very nicely & despite the lack of in-depth content due to the game's early stage, it's quite enough to draw you in to see the finished product.On that note, the gameplay is very unforgiving & gets harder the farther you sail. Before I realized there are beginning supplies for you on the starting island I had a rough go of throwing a raft together and decided it better to swim to a not far-off island to visit the locals. Spoiler: you won't see but a handful of friendly faces. Combat is difficult and that can prove frustrating until you figure out that every pirate has a dire fear of the ocean and as soon as you cross the tide's threshold they turn tail and run clear to the other side of the island.* the current lack of content may cause you to wanna wait on the purchase for a bit as in my 3 hours (at the time of this writing) I feel as though I've seen everything the game has to offer right now. Still, give it a follow."
76561198079757913,Recommended,327860,13769662,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Pxmq,"Salt is a necessity for people that like adventure and the open ocean.You start off on a small island scrounging for supplies, you have two books with you. One is for crafting recipes and the other is a journal. Now not to spoil anything i won't go on any further, ill just say that traveling from island to island is very fun and exciting. You don't know what or who is going to be there.Nice little reddit community /r/projectsalt very interactivePros-Lots of stuff to do for an alpha game-Very interactive community on reddit-Amazing sounds-Interactive devs-Interesting graphic style-BossesCons-No real story (they plan to make one in the future)-Occasional Visual bugs-Lots of searching for items (could be positive for some)"
76561198000514622,Not Recommended,327860,21048102,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,[Mops] TENTACLE BOSS,"First ImpressionsI like the concept, but honestly find myself diappointed at this stage in development.I read reviews before buying this today stating things like ""I've been playing for over 50 hours and I still haven't found everything!"" Yet I feel like after close to two hours I've seen practically everything on every island in what is an infinitely procedurally generated game. The reason is that (with extremely rare exception) every island follows this formula:-There is a beach-The island is mostly a single steep grassy hill-The hill is mostly covered with trees and bamboo and a few bouldersHere's what sets the majority of islands apart:-Sometimes there are pirates who you cannot counter early on if you choose to fight them.(Side Note: Fighting more than one of them at once is impossible due to simplistic combat being combined with constant stamina drains, so no content is really added here other than you dying.)-Sometimes there is a deer that you can hunt.(Side Note: Why hunt it when you can hit the trees for fruit that doesn't run away from you constantly? It seems that if you can get close enough, stabbing a deer in the back with a sword takes off around 1/5th of its HP, at which point it doesn't even flinch, it just runs off with most of its health expecting you to repeat this long procedure of following it across then island then sneaking up on it again over and over again until it dies. You can find the means to craft arrows for a bow, however I have not been able to do this easily due to the resources I need for them not being very obviously attainable.)-On the starter island there are some starter items and a chest-You will very rarely find a resource called hardwood logs lying around for use in some specific recipies. Finding these is entirely based on luck and it can take a tediously long time to obtain a decent amount of them as a result.When I first hopped onto my raft and started sailing I found the experience quite charming. The idea of exploring a bunch of islands and discovering the mysteries of the world seemed really intriguing yet also pleasantly peaceful. I had come to understand I'd find pirate islands and new crafting recipies for decorations and larger ships, and yet while I discovered most of these things the game has already begun to feel stagnant, almost like there is next to no chance that I will find anything new or interesting about another island desipte sailing between many of them.Maybe there is something out there on an island that is really exciting and different, but after playing for almost two straight hours I certainly didn't find it. Hopefully as development continues much more content and island variety will be added and I will be able to recommend this. Until then save your money.tl;dr, The concept is great, but as of writing the game gets repetitive fast. Can't recommend the game in it's current state but I would encourage people to keep an eye on Salts development if you like the genre. Shows potential."
76561198118995274,Recommended,327860,32796431,Posted: 25 June,all,Upsweep,"Salt is definitely a worthy exploration game. When I first saw this game I thought ""Wow that looks like an interesting game"", but I also thought ""I'm probably going to get bored with it soon though"". I finally decided to buy it and so far I am not disappointed. Once you get to the first other island in the game you'll most likely already start discovering new things and recipe books that will bring you the motivation to keep playing and craft new boats, weapons, and armor. I say ""motivation"" because when I play games, a lot of the times I fall short of completing them and end up deserting them. So far I am having a great time in this game and desire exploring much more of the game as I am nowhere near done. Not only is this game fun, but it's relaxing and you can play it at your own leisurely pace. There's no rush! In this game I find myself not constantly worrying about having to get food or get this and that. Plus you can sleep at night! Not all survival games have that and it sucks wasting time sitting in a house all through the night.I had recently finished repairing one of the pirate ships I found (which felt very rewarding) and it was getting dark. I had also made a fire pit to put on the deck so I could have light and sleep through the night. Standing there on the boat at night looking at a nearby island, I felt comfortable and relaxed. The gentle sound of the ship creaking, the waves slapping against the sides of the boat, and the light crackle of the fire put me at ease. So if you're looking for a relaxing, self paced exploration-survival game with simple combat and lots of content, then I highly recommend this game, it'll be worth your time for sure."
,Recommended,327860,23050628,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,F4T4L,"The finished product of this game should be quite the experience if it delivers what is promised.   In its current state it is very playable and very enjoyable, the updates sometimes far and few between, but they usually contain enough content to make you eager to fire the game back up and give it another go.Are there games that do what Salt does better?  Probably.  But it's the sailing and the feeling of just how stranded you are in this seemingly endless world that is filled with ocean.  Half the fun for me is the whole Early Access process of this title, I like seeing this game blossom from something relatively simple into a full-fledged game.  I'll almost be sad when the game comes out of Early Access with no new content on the horizons.  Well, we can always keep our fingers crossed for Workshop content, right?In its current state as of writing this review, the price may seem a little steep for the current amount content, you're essentially buying the game on a promise.  That being said I picked this game up pretty cheap during the summer sale and I have no regrets.  If production were to cease today, I'd still have got my money's worth and I'd still continue to play the game."
76561198159543808,Recommended,327860,32005455,Posted: 27 May,all,ring dingus,"Its a good game, and you feel highly rewarded as you navigate accross the ocean by use of the rising and setting sun. Finding abandon ships and repairing them with hard foraged goods. Defeating mobs of pirates which scarcely litter the sea. It all feels relaxing, sometimes nail biting. always with a sense of mystery and choice."
76561198151398365,Recommended,327860,15974033,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,r.hofbauer,"Its a nice game with the possibillity to craft, fight and sail. I love that game! There are so beautiful hunting scenes on some islands. On other islands you have to fight because you will die otherwise. Salt is one of the best Open World and Questing-Games."
,Recommended,327860,27197664,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Taraph,"One of the most relaxing games I've played.  Yes, there is combat that could get tense, but you could avoid all that and just sail into the sunset."
,Recommended,327860,14121001,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Snauss,"The game is currently unfinished, keep this in mind.This game is a dream come true to me: an expansive exploration game with craft survival and RPG elements. In general, the game has a relaxing vibe to it, with the sailing across the vast blue, exploring the (seemingly) peaceful islands, and the colorful transistions from day to night. Filled to the brim with secrets and things to do, you'll get a lot of hours of play. Don't let the game's sweet candy coated outside fool you though. The game doesn't hold your hand after you begin your adventure. It gives you the bare minimum knowledge to set you on the right path, then that's it. Anything else is up to you (or you could spoil everything by looking it up online, you cheaters).The only problem I can see most having with the game is the long calm before the storm. You're going to be sailing a lot and you're going to be foraging for crafting componets a lot. It takes a while to get some of the more decent equipment, but it makes getting them more worth while.Salt isn't that fast paced, but it can rise at any time. Its main attraction is the forever expanding seas and islands. If your a patient player who wants a never ending adventure, Salt is good choice. Currently, it is unfinished, but features like multiplayer will added in the future."
76561198090851958,Recommended,327860,20306161,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Candy Kittens,Just missing the pepper.
76561198003152045,Recommended,327860,22120948,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,lichtqu4nt,"... I thought to myself: could there be any harm in trying SALT with its free demo?Answer was: if I consider time spent in a flow of having fun and relaxation a loss, then ""yes!"" :)After playing the free! DEMO! for more than 8 hours, I clearly had to buy the full game. Just to show my appreciation to the developers for both: the opportunity to try out the game for free before buying into EA and their great work with this amazing piece of exploration game.It clearly is a pearl and worth every cent I spent (I didn't even wait for any sale, this game deserves what the devs currently charge for). If you are the explorer type of gamer, you will find this ""sailing-simulator"" worth its salt ;)And if you are not sure: just try the free demo (it is the same game, just only the isles in your starter area spawn, so exploration is limited) - but for me it was enough to experience the soul inside the game.Ship ahoy, sailor!"
76561198057933257,Recommended,327860,23696695,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Only Freeman,"I find the game relaxing. its the type of game to play as you are listening to music or a podcast. there is not much in the way of content, but there is something so satisfying about slowly upgrading your ship and sailing from island to island just feeling like a pirate"
76561198123322955,Recommended,327860,18222676,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,VEX,"Its a good game, where i got it it is still a bit rough around the edges:theres a few glitches like one time i had just repaired my awesome new pirate ship and i went downstairs to the cabin to place my bed.I screwed up and placed it wrong,so i just loaded back to  before i repaired the ship to re-repair it and put my bed right but all the supplies i spent on restoring the ship was gone and it wasn't repaired.Other than that its good just a bit reppetitive."
,Recommended,327860,27375933,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Striker,"Beutiful and amazingly atmospheric game, will have you saying avast me maties as you go island hopping stealing everyones preciouse resources and killing the native population like the scoundrel you are."
76561198008573498,Recommended,327860,13877427,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Digstar,"Although I have heard about this game previously, it wasn't until I watched a Paul Soares Jr review on You Tube I thought I'd take a look. I only spent about 50mins on the demo before quickly buying the game on Steam.I't an extremely addictive sea exploration game. Heavy emphisis on exploration. As addictive as it is in it's current state, it's only at its early access stage which is incredible to think this fledgling game will keep getting better with regular updates, customisable pirate ships and other crafts etc etc.Be a part of this fledgling game as it takes flight."
76561198028659608,Not Recommended,327860,23888964,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Vim,"Yes, the game is very relaxing and has a very cute setting, but it's been 2 years for heavens sake and it's still very much bare bones. People pay for early access so that you can invest back into the game thus you can finish the product, not for you to kickback and take it easy. We have good examples of how EA should be done thanks to games like Prison Architect.Step up your game! Until then, refunded."
,Recommended,327860,33140419,Posted: 2 July,all,The One Named Eliza,"Salt hold a special place in my heart. The best way I could describe in one sentence, is it's a Windwaker RPG.It may appear to be a basic game, but it has an incredible amount of depth and content, all of which is surprisingly unique. Although it is lacking a small bit of world variation at the moment, not many games scratch my exploration itch like Salt.Even though I work on the wiki constantly, every day I'm discovering new stuff that I had no idea existed until then.It does, however, sometimes test your patience, as a fair amount of progression is based on RNG, and the ship journeys can last quite some time (though I, personally, very much enjoy just sitting on my ship, watching the waves and islands float by).The most recent updates have nearly doubled the amount of content, and the devs have a lot more plans for the game, such as base building, multiplayer (soon!), new ships and more. The future holds a lot for Salt, and I trust the devs will keep their promises and deliver an even more amazing game when the time comes."
,Recommended,327860,21268317,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Point Break,"BUY THIS GAME!I know its only in Early Access, but my God is this game fun!This game might be more peaceful and adventurous than Minecraft. Find food for survival, battle pirates, fish, hunt, craft items, read various lore, go on quests, go on adventures, and more importantly.... SAILLLL!!!!!!!!! If you love being on a boat or are fascinated by the ocean or both, then you will love this game. Take the life of being a lone castaway on a small start off island. You need to thrive. You need to gather resources that will help you survive. But these are not all on one island. You need to sail from island to island (which are randomly generated) and survive. It is a very relaxing time passing game. Its for the true adventure type players who are always up for some good exploration. The only bad thing about this game...no multiplayer. Seriously, this game would be ♥♥♥♥ing epic if you could sail and explore with friends or go head to head against other players. But not having multiplayer does not effect this game's awesomeness. BUY THIS GAME!!!!"
76561198025665706,Recommended,327860,25243569,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Reynard,"This is an amazingly atmospheric, relaxing game. Just sit back, sail around, smack a pirate, and enjoy"
76561198077570186,Recommended,327860,17453105,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,demickmcmullin,"Very Fun, and addicting.  I can almost do nothing but sail and still have fun.  Would like to see some variation in consequences for Dying but I'm sure I will be playing this for a while."
,Recommended,327860,22191106,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,rooster.usmc117,"So Salt. This game. Fun. Very fun.In all seriousness. I have put off putting a review up because of several missing items from the game. Now that they have added in the journal and map, I can happily make a decent review for this game.I will give this game, at its current, a 7/10.For an early access game it provides plenty of game time that is completely sandbox and is no way linear whatsoever. The graphics are retroy like, and I like that. The combat mechanics do need some work. Archery in the game could be tweaked a bit and guns need to be added in. I mean it is a pirate game, there needs to be guns. There is also the lack of multiplayer, but hey, they said they will add it in eventually and I am a patient person.If you're looking for a casual sandbox adventure, this is a game for you. Worth the money I put into it."
,Recommended,327860,32687403,Posted: 23 June,all,Mohammed Shifan,"One of my most personal admired game which is too calm and beautiful to play! The graphics and art style is gorgeous. Try roaming or going for fishing at night with your big own ship makes it so damn good. Just beautiful, that’s it."
,Recommended,327860,31282263,Posted: 21 April,all,[G.O. Elite] Kryslum,"I am highly impressed with this early access game. The devs are very open to feedback and are consistently pushing out GOOD, community-driven updates. Most recent upcoming update involves making travel a bit more interesting, as it's been complained that that can be quite boring. Multiplayer is in progress, if that's your sort of thing.PRO'S------+ Devs are constantly working on bug fixes and new content (I first bought this game over a year ago and only played for ~4 hours, I came back a while ago and it was significantly improved)+ Devs actually listen to community feedback+ Randomly generated, infinite world, allowing for constant exploration+ A large system of quests, I've beaten the main quest line and still have many more ""side quests"" to complete+ Relaxing game, requiring minimal brain-power (I could easily listen to audiobooks while playing)+ Great soundtrack (For when I wasn't listening to audiobooks)+ HUGE amount of items and lore books+ Can run well (40 fps) on my crappy computer (4 gigs RAM, GTS 250, duo-core CPU [2.5 GHz])+ Not overpriced+ You can put multiple items on the same hotkey (For example, I can press 6 once and pull out my compass, or press it twice and pull out my spyglass)CON'S (* INDICATES THIS IS EXPECTED OF EARLY ACCESS GAMES)------- Combat doesn't vary, and can become quite bland- Bugs/glitches* (None are gamebreaking, so far)- Early-game can be a little frustrating (Resources are quite scarce, and you can't accurately start making your map [see neutral point 3] until you get a sextant, which can take up to an hour to get)- Travel can become boring (This is where audiobooks come in)- Worlds may have to be reset with some updates*- Requires basic compass/map navigational skills (Can be learned in 5 minutes on google)NEUTRAL (Some players will view these as pros, and others as cons)--------+ Graphics aren't the best (If this drives you away, you're missing out a lot of good games)-+ Infinite inventory (It removes part of the challenge of inventory management, although there becomes a point where you can't access some items until you remove others to make room for them in the visible inventory)-+ You create your map (Cartography)-+ You are never OP (Enemies have a minimum amount of damage they do and some will always be a bit of a challenge)Overall, I give this game an 8/10 as it is now, but predict it will become a 10/10. The only things that bring this down are the bland combat and the occasional obnoxious bug. I've, essentially, beaten the game and there are still loads of things I have not done and tons of items I have yet to discover. Content is constantly added and is always great. It is definitely worth buying."
,Recommended,327860,22480238,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,alphazeta2,I got pig flu from playing this. 69/9/11
76561198149199083,Recommended,327860,13124880,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,WyattDavion,"Salt is a dream exploration game, I got the demo to see if it was any good. It was. I had so much fun playing the demo that I went and bought the game. I REALLY recomend this game. Get. It. Now!"
76561198029043678,Recommended,327860,12630874,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Unearthly Bean,"Updated! - They really need to incorporate Co-op mode whether its hotseat or online it has to be there! The game needs to be played with friends with a save mode so you both can return to your game later.The developers are constantly improving 'Salt' so you can count on new updates being released regularly. This is my go to game when I feel the need for adventure and exploration. Permadeath can suck but each turn is always different and the loot you find varies!I have a lot of survival and exploration games and lately I haven't been too excited about any of the early access or new releases. That changed completely when I saw 'Salt' enter early access. I knew, from the videos and description, that this was going to be a great game.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Good Features------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------1. Island and sea exploration using rafts and boats.2. A beautiful sea and island world with a day and night cycle with great potential!3. RPG elements when looking at weapons and armor / crafting etc..4. Crafting system5. Hunger system6. Hunting and Fishing7. hostile islands with pirates8. smooth first person controls9. Great ocean design10. Quests received from Merchants!11. Sunsets/sunrises12. Minimal graphics13. Not cpu or GFX heavy14. Great fun if you like exploring, finding new loot, crafting and sailing.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I will continue to play this game as it develops. It has great potential and I believe in the team designing it. This will be awesome  :>I recommend 'Salt' to anyone who likes survival, exploration, crafting(collecting materials), quests, relaxing while sailing, enjoying sunsets sunrises nature and the open sea. The waves can get quite rocky out there, its fun."
,Recommended,327860,24146885,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,The Dark Lord of Puns,"This is a game about surviving, sailing around, battling pirates, slaying giant spiders, and just general exploration. The survival doesn't take up a huge amount of the game, which I like. I like the crafting, gathering resources, building ships and  customizing them with paintings and furniture and all that. The islands are close together for the most part, and there's no penalty to swimming as far as  I can tell, so you  could go the entire game without ships. I enjoy battling the pirates that inhabit some islands, and dread the giant spiders that lurk in the night on some islands. It's not often a survival game can make me afraid to go out at night, but this one certainly did. Whenever night falls on an island, I rush to my ship and move it to the middle of the water. Also, exploration is fun, and it's always cool to find new islands, dig up buried treasures, and fill up a map with all the different islands I've visited. It's just an all around good game. And at a fair price for how much content it has. For people who enjoy exploring and sailing, this game is perfect."
76561198059072157,Recommended,327860,26329747,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,hayden.watt,"This is the only game that has made me seasick.The graphics are ehh, but if you can get past that the game is as good as Skyrim. So much to do already.Let the devs take their time and stop hassling them for multiplayer!! This game is a lonely solitary survival game. The default seed will be a dogs breakfast once they introduce it. Thankfully we have our own seeds.Well done devs, keep up the good work."
76561198192223013,Recommended,327860,25557737,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Papershark,"TL:DR - It's an relaxing exploration game that makes you want to play your favorite podcast and travel the world seeing new things.If you enjoy a relaxing, calming, fulfilling evening, try out Salt. It's focus and charm is it's exploration aspect, in which you can explore an endless-ish ocean. You start out at 0,0 and work your way around the world earning items, gathering ships, weapons, tools, fighting all sorts of enemies and questing!(which, admittedly, takes forever...) The graphics aren't crazy, but something about it makes the game beautiful.(I think it's the lighting system tbh.) The content quantity is insane, but rare items are spread kinda far from eachother, so its difficult to progress to items of the next level. Combat isn't bad, but needs some refining. Would like more NPCs and story.(Currently in the works.) However the books/lore is fantastic. All around though, nice game to play if you'd like to burn some time and find strange and exciting things."
76561198078804377,Not Recommended,327860,31736374,Posted: 13 May,all,Sultan of Swing,"While this game is surely interesting, the combat is what brings it down. First of all, sidestepping or dodging out of attacks in not possible at all. The enemies stay at the same position in front of you constantly no matter how much you move, meaning that you will have to block every attack. This would not be as much of a problem if the block negated all of the damage, like it does in most games. However, in this case, parrying saves you from some of the damage, but not all of it. Even if you block every attack perfectly, you will still die if you are fighting against an opponent with a large health pool or if you were at low health when the enemy attacked you.Overall, this game has an interesting concept of a pirate-themed procedurally generated world, but it is brought down by its poor combat mechanics and some other features which I will not go into depth for.I look forward to seeing how this game progresses, but for now, I would not recommend it."
76561198041584559,Recommended,327860,20555511,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Fuget,"This game is amazing! download the free demo and give it a try. Be sure to fiddle with the field of view in the options! it can be quite nauseating playing with the default settings. I recommend this to anybody who likes adventure and cartoon graphics. Some complain about things not looking realistic, I see no point in realism in games though. A game is really a playable work of art and this game is beautiful in that way! Though some things could stand to be improved. I would like to see some underwater things occasionally as well. almost all of the game is ocean, there should be something under it!"
76561198126416203,Recommended,327860,14893830,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,imanoob5556,"Just a few suggestionsI really think that the game needs more ships and possibly the addition of upgrades.Resource finding and sailing is the basic two things that are done most frequently, it can be seen as very boring and tedious. In the future it would be nice to see building.Hiring crew to work for you would also be very nice to have. Pherhaps you can, provided the resources, set one to fish for you? And one to sail to coordinates?With all that development, if added, caves would be cool, too. They would add a more productive and fun way to explore.I believe if all these added, the game would be more profitable and definitely more fun. Already a great game, but can use some tweaks."
76561197971071808,Recommended,327860,14584723,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,BlueHorseshoe,"I'm really enjoying Salt so far.  I have about 15 hours in and have not felt one bit of boredom.  Salt is an open world, exploration, resource gathering, combat game.  The freedom to go and do whatever you like brings me much pleasure and enjoyment.  I keep coming back due to the ""unkown factor"".  Each island is randomly generated, so you never know what lies ahead on your exploration of the island.  The devs seem to release new updates on a monthly basis which always keeps you on your toes.  So far I have enjoyed Salt and I am excited to see what is in store for the remainder of 2015.Keep up the good work!"
76561198118697312,Recommended,327860,13436012,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,My dudes,"Yar har fiddle dee dee, being a pirate is alright with me, do what you want cause a pirate is free, you are a pirate!"
76561197982685012,Recommended,327860,25829280,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Rivethead,"Short version for the TL; DR impared- Outstanding indie ""survival"" game. And there's pirates!Long version- I bought this game on Steam for only $7 and I feel like I have ripped the devs off. Granted, it was on Sale ( reduced price for a certain time) but from what I have seen I would gladly pay upwards of $20.Salt is not a game that easily fits into a genre; It's ""survival"" in that you start with zero; all killable enemies have a chance to drop items that are normal ( white letters), good quality ( green), exceptional ( blue).  *Note* I'm sure there are higher ""level"" items but I'm only 8 hours in at this writing. There is also crafting..but no pre-set ""recipes"" ( ie you have to either experiment or find books that describe what you can make.)Salt is all about exploring. The World ( as far as I understand) in bascially endless; think Mindcraft random chunk loading but islands of various sizes instead of terrain.I have to assume the farther one goes out from one's ""spawn"" point the more difficult the game gets? Time will tell.The game is in Early Development but is very polished as far as gameplay. I have encountered no game-breaking bugs as of yet.It may only be my advancing age but....I did notice a bit of a learning curve as far as some aspects of the game. The world is huge....and you have no map...unless YOU make a map.Learning the system of map-making ( for me) was a frustrating time but when I finally "" got it"" I could see what the devs wanted to do with it. Overall ( now at least) I think it very clever indeed.I asked questions on the official forums and got only helpful replies; the community seems mature and growing.Oh! and there's fishing!** Edit as of Oct 30, 2016**This game is amazing but ( there is always a but isn't there?) I have a feeling it will not appeal to many players of the inta-gratification bend; the play is SLOW.  You gather equipment in order to fight tougher enemies SLOW;  travel is SLOW....VERY slow; there is no tutorial as such and I do wish there was.Salt is all about taking your TIME......exploring! Wanting to see what's over the next horizon. You ""level up"" by carefully gathering and equiping a motly assortment of gear. Having ALL the gear in a ""set"" should be a priority as it tends to give much needed stat boosts.Also, to add a bit to what I wrote previously; there ARE higher ""grades"" of equipment- they are- White ( normal), Green ( good), Blue ( exceptional), Purple ( epic!) and Orange ( awesome!)The fact that mobs can ""drop"" really sweet items keeps an old RPGer like me going..Add to all this the fact that Salt is STILL being updated- it's mind-blowing!Rivetscore  94 / 100"
76561198044483486,Recommended,327860,12703948,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Kingdomheart134,"If you like exploring with minimal encounters with anything to fight and you need something to calm you down.....well i recomend this game even though it consists of mainly sailing around the world, exploring, and finding new equipment and enemies...AND FISH!!!!!Fighting on the other hand is simple just have a strong sword and some basic armor and sit in front of the guy and hit him...the only enemies i found difficult are the captains which can take some hits before they go down but otherwise it's relaxing especially if your listening to some music or maybe your favorite podcastPlus you can fish!!!! From a boat!!!!!!13/10 buy it"
76561198127150380,Recommended,327860,12734598,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Hawk77,"there it was! the moonstone rock I had been looking for forever! it was a dark moonless night so it was completly dark, I approched the moonstone ore and took out my pick and started to nibble away.......then.....Out of the dark jumped out a huge spider and hit me putting out my torch. It was attacking me left and right and it was pitch black, but after i lit my torch again, it was gone.This is just a little tale of the monsters you can ""incounter""let us seperate this info into ""pros"" and ""cons"" eh?CONS:CON: I have found in this game that it is very creepy, just the games shaders get you heart pumping in a few min after the sunset.CON: the game has a view bugs that are pretty anoying.pretty much for the consXDPROS:PRO: Brings back the classic mysterous survival aspect that minecraft and other games have lost over timePRO: unlimited terrain so no end in adventure!!!PRO: amazing sunsets and terrain generating which really make the game more adventerouspretty much for this review! worth the money! 9/10! :D"
76561198173112369,Recommended,327860,17054177,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,rentikiart,"I think that this game is alot of fun to play because you can go anywhere and not run out of places to see. The devs really did a fantastic job on creating the ocean. Sailing on it you could almost get seasick. At night the moon reflects off the swells and it is so calming.On land, you have many challenges to face, pirates, etc to fight and also spiders to kill.The trees and plants offer fruit or some type of flower that you can consume to heal or run faster or glow brighter...There are lots of different quests to do and some are harder than others. But when you complete one, you get a reward.Killing pirates is also rewarding. Each one carries some type of item that is useful to keep or trade to a Merchant.The graphics have become a great deal better since I first played. Every friday there is a post on the blog about what's to come and so far, I have not been disappointed. It just keeps getting better and better every week.If you have an issue or question, the forum is very helpful  always giving advice.The devs are doing a very good job on responding to your requests.I initially got the demo and played it for about a month, then finally purchased the full game.I am so glad I did.Check out the Salt Wiki or their Development Blog to find out more."
,Recommended,327860,13405460,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,HowLee,"This game is a piece of art, The music is amazing. The game it self is great and i really enjoyed it. They will add more content to the game and thats good, but whats the game really neads is more things to explore like more difference in the terrain, mabye Castles or dungeons, Winter in the north, pirate caves. The sailing feel in this game is one of a kind, just sailing made the money worth. Thank You for an amazing experience. :)"
76561198131585871,Recommended,327860,33525540,Posted: 13 July,all,Eugen Bold,"Salt, not to be confused with the chemical compound NaCl or with the frustration of gamers, is a very unique and interesting game. It's really a fantastic game, lots of fun, but it really is unique in the deluge of survival games on Steam.A bare-bones summary of gameplay is you go sailing from island to island, looking for NPCs to do quests for, better gear, loot, etc. What makesSaltso interesting is that its very basic premise - explore, loot, repeat - and its very basic graphics should make the game boring at best. It is just the opposite, however.When you start out, you have nothing. You are on an island, and that is it. Explore around the island, and you will find some useful items to help get you started, perhaps the most important one being the raft, which will allow you to traverse the sea (you could theoretically swim but the time it would take to get anywhere makes it completely impractical). Any island you see on the horizon is an island you can visit.Almost all islands have harvestable resources - the island could also contain deer that you can hunt, stranded pirates, ancient burial sites, graves of unfortunate adventurers, and other cool stuff. Islands can also house hunting tree stands, inns, merchants, fisherman, scholars, and other NPCs, almost all of which can give you quests.Some islands will have derelict pirate ships ""docked"" near them with a lootable chest on board (you may need a key to access first!). These ships can also be repaired and used once more on the high seas! These larger ships can be decorated with various interior decorating items you can either craft from resources or collect by completing quests. You can also find blueprints for even larger and better looking ships.Saltalso has an abundance of ""side-activities"" that players can do. These include (but isn't limited to):FishingKill X number of pirates to open the pirate loot chestKill X number of deer to open hunter's loot chestPulling up treasure from the bottom of the seaThe game also has an interesing map mechanic - you do not have a map that tells you where you are in the world. You actually have to draw the map yourself. The game functions off a grid world, and an island can occupy one or four grid squares. You can find the location of an island you are on using a sextant. Once the sextant gives you the coordinates, you can plop down an island marker on the map at the given coordinates. It's a pretty awesome mechanic. You can also find or craft a compass, which makes navigation on the high seas much easier, and is thus an extremely valuable tool.Overall, while simplistic in premise and implementation,Saltis a strangely absorbing game with lots of little things to do to keep you busy if you get bored with one thing or another, quests to help you advance, and - more importantly -infiniteexploration. This game is well and truly the explorer's dream game. As of writing I have 26 hours on record, and fully expect to sink in many more. It is also a single-player only experience at this time, however the devs are apparently making progress towards adding coop to the game at some point. Regardless, the game is worth buying, and is a must-buy when it goes on sale."
,Recommended,327860,23407393,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,den4rius,"Great relaxing game, start out on small island with a few things build your self a raft and set sail! Look for treasure kill one eyed jack and upgrade your gear as well as find and repair massive ships! Has a lot of potential if  they can get a co-op mode but as it stands I do find myself enjoying salt immensly."
76561197995323230,Recommended,327860,16983805,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,JewelAssassin,"Some people might be turned off by the graphics, but its worth it to be able to find a pirate ship and claim it as your own.Though you start with a wood raft, you can explore alot of islands, fight pirates, and all that other cool stuff.Pros:Fun to sail the wavy ocean.Islands are alot of fun.Only find items and cant harvest, good way to keep you sailing.Cons:Graphics are meh.Suggestions:Be able to pick-up chests.Maybe a way to make an in game map."
,Recommended,327860,30886039,Posted: 1 April,all,megalo-station,"Normally I'm very leery about buying early access games, but I tried the demo and it sold me on this game almost immediately. Ever since I bought Salt, I can hardly put it down - there's just so much content and the whole game is utterly beautiful. This is exactly the kind of open world, procedurally generated, crafting-heavy game I've been looking for for a long time now. Its rough edges show, but they don't detract from the game at all, and the devs are still hard at work adding more content and polishing it up, which is encouraging. If you're going to buy any early access game on Steam, this is the one to get - I can't wait to see how it will evolve further, and what other mysteries I have yet to discover in the game."
,Recommended,327860,31696545,Posted: 11 May,all,Burning Bubbles,"Absolutely Amazing Exploration game, Relaxing, but can also be very hard and challenging. Love it!"
76561198002516225,Recommended,327860,12982261,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Underbank,"I like this game and recommend it.  It has crafting, exploring,fighting and uncountable small islands. There is a hardcore mode to choose if you like.  So far I've only played a couple of hours and know very little about this world.  I expect to play many more hours. After starting, I quickly became used to the limited graphics, etc. I hope that improves sometime, but the game is immersive for me now anyway.Starting small, I began to experiment with what I found to see what I could craft with it.  It might be a good idea to gather materials for a campfire because nightime, until the moon rises, is very dark.  A basic crafting book was included in my inventory.  I found that starting with this book made the learning curve OK so far. I didn't have to find a log, pick it up and wonder what to do with it.  Making tools and weapons is critical. It's all about surviving first, more later.  Hotkeys made it quick to put what I needed in my hands.  I learn to make a basic watercraft and hit the seas!  (Salt water, I assume) Steering to an interesting looking island was difficult for me to learn.  Other people will certainly find it easier. The first unknown island introduced me to someone who seemed angry and determined to remove me.  He announced his attack with a little yelp, which I appreciated.  I hotkeyed to my neanderthal style club and engaged!The day/night cycles are fast.  I haven't timed them but it seems about like Minecraft.Try this game! I believe most will enjoy it."
,Not Recommended,327860,28814576,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,TheMilkman,"I feel the base game has somethings to explore and somethings to do.Exploration:Chartering is a thing in this game and its hard to find out where you are and have been unless you have basic map skills. The badside of this is you can't feel the sense of Hearth if you set up camp at a single island and loose it later due to bad mapping.When you start out in the game you do not get a tutorial. While there is a way to read up in game it does not give it to you during gameplay. Therefore you must use logic to find your way through reading books to find where to go.Quests:I feel the quests give you a sense of objectiveness in the world rather than a No man sky kind of feel. The problem is the lack of audio and people. When you start the game you get the quest through reading a book. While its a good way to set up a story its a bad way of making it. In the world if you generate it randomly you will spend hours to find the island (I have yet to find the island to complete this quest). Making it the longest roadtrip.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Mechanics:Crafting: A solid amount, I feel they changed the UI to much that it doesn't feel simplistic and just looks odd in my opinion.Combat: Run and click, very simple and boringSailing: It's there, but all you are doing is driving. So far in the early game I do not see ships,sharks, or even a kraken/giant sea monster to cause fear to rushup from my boussom.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Audio:Music: Good, but very simple when exploring. The lack of combat music makes the game snooze fest.Audio Affects: You can hear the audio clips turning on and off. This dilutes the games immersion ten fold. Very annoying and very easy to spot out if you listen to the ''birds chirping''.Combat audio: No music for combat making most fights very diluted like the water affects in the game. Sword swinging and Bow audio sounds fine but will need fine tuning.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Graphics:-Lighting is pretty good-Graphics are decent if you are on High Settings-Water: Needs more work-Grass: Great textures!Trees: Very choppy and incomplete.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------"
,Recommended,327860,25788409,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Sven,"This is a great little game , thats actually far deeper than you might think"
76561197989698031,Recommended,327860,12518100,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Snake_Pliskin,I'm liking this! Keep an eye on this one and grab it on final release.
,Recommended,327860,24926077,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,ado_ry,"Thoroughly enjoy playing this game. For me the challenge reward balance is excellent and feels more like an exploaration adventure than expected. I anticipated a more grind heavy game (there is still a large amount of grinding involved). I found the difficulty curve quite balanced as it Increases as you explore islands further out from the start island. The NPCs are numorous enough that I didn't feel completely bored of and disconnected from the world and the books you find feed you lore in a believable way but are not so long as to be too rambling, perfect for reading on some longer voyages. If you love the idea of sailing in a ship and exploring unknown islands this game will suit you, if you find traveling to a location 10- 15 minutes away (and the same time back) completely loathsome then you might struggle with enjoying a lot of this game. The only parts that properly frustrated me at all were when I would search for buried treasure on a desert island to trade it for a reward, this quest can take a while to get used to and to be fair I found the hand to hand combat hard to get to grips with when it came to more difficult enemies (when simply mashing the left mouse button is no longer strategically sound). All in all I plan to get many more hours enjoyment out of this game. I absolutely love this game and regularly recommend this game but it is certainly not for everyone."
,Recommended,327860,15224984,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,BeardedOakie,"Salt The Game(This Review was conducted under Version 1.4.1 (4/5/15) of Salt)I like this game Salt. It has alot of potential. I love the atmospheric noises such as the ocean water, the birds and much more. However, There are alot of spinoffs of survival games recently; The Forest, Stranded Deep and FarSky just to name a few. Therefore, the Salt Devs are going to have to compete for thier spot on Steam. This could mean alot of things such as Play to Win features, DLC including super OP weapons, and Advertisment Spamming.I doubt very much Lavaboot Studios (Salt Devs) would do this because overall, they seem pretty laid back and just trying to get by. Also, the support for Salt is outstanding. The Devs listen to what you say in the Bug Reports and always get back to you within 1-3 days with progress.Additionally I am not 100% satisfied with the game, There are alot of things I would like to see such as:1) VR Support2) Better Ocean mechanics (looking underwater in the ocean will display a pitch black screen)3) Multiplayer (This Idea has been brought out by the Devs, but alot will have to be added to make multiplayer enjoyable)4) Redesigning People. People in this game (Merchants and Pirates) look like a midget with a slight case of aspergergers and/or Down syndrome. Not making fun of anyone with those illnesses but its true.5) More Merchant Locations: I only found ONE measly merchant while playing Salt! I mean Cmon. You need the merchants to acually have fun in this game!Overall I would reccomend this game: 7/10"
76561198018579728,Recommended,327860,24144520,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,XINFINIUM,"I thought I bought another survival game, but I was positively met with great gameplay and a simple but good UI, crafting and mapping system.Quests bring more questions to the table, but they make their own mystery as wellWell done, I'dd love a graphical overhaul, bringing it to, well, 'current year standards, but the gameplay is way more important so I'dd give it a solid 8/10 would remap everything again"
,Recommended,327860,25357023,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Wyatt the wallaby,This game is fun and cant wait for mp and also the devs should add a workshop page for new items :D like ships weapons and decorations
,Recommended,327860,33510745,Posted: 13 July,all,Unlik3lyhero,"You wake up...looking at the vast ocean and the sunlight gleaming at your eyes, you hear the birds chirping and all you see are trees. You walk inland to find some wood and a pickaxe. You look for anything or anyone that may help and you found a surviver who lets you take some gear and enough materials to make a raft. Thats when your adventure begins.Although I don't have many hours on the main game I have played the Demo and adored it. The moment you set sail this epic music plays and theres nothing better. I recommend this game for pretty much anyone looking for a laid back time to just set sail..."
,Recommended,327860,14158165,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Gandalf the Grey,"(This is a review of the version: 1.3.1.0 of Salt. By the time you read this, the game might drastically have changed.)Salt is an open-world exploration game featuring boats, pirates, spiders, islands, and lots of water.You start off on an island without anything but a book, and you're tasked with creating a boat, or rather, a sailing raft. ""How do I create a raft?"" Press ""u"" to open then tutorial book. It'll tell you that you need to find logs and cloths. ""Well, how do I find logs and cloths?"", you explore the island. Logs are scattered everywhere, and cloth is made out of plant fibers, which is also scattered everywhere.Once you've made you raft, you're free to explore the ever-expanding, randomly generated world of Salt. On your journey you will discover a lot of different things, and you might have to consult the wiki at times. The wiki is however, not your only way of finding recipes. The are books scattered around the world which contain several recipes, telling you how to craft different weapons, boats, and even potions, among many other things.As I said earlier, the game contains pirates, spiders and boats. This really adds to the element of the game. It might make you rethink how you approach a pirate camp, or how you  might go hunting for loot, and deer in the night. During the night, it's pitch black. It's hard to see anything, really. You can craft a torch, though, to make it easier to see what's infront of you. However, before you do that, I recommend making a weapon.Back to the pirates though. Unfortunatly, there are no pirates on the sea yet. You can find abandoned pirate boats, but without pirates in them. You can however, find a variety of pirate establishments on land. They all contain different tiers of pirates, each of them harder than the other. You might not want to fight the highest tier pirates at once in the game, so I suggest you make a sextant and write down the coordinates of that island for later (Recipe can be found on the wiki, or in a book).Salt is one of those games that lets you explore it's gigantic world without limits. It lets you upgrade your method of transportation to make it faster, and it makes you rethink how you might approach a horde of bandits. I am very eager to see how this game will develop in the future, and I have high hopes for it. This is a game that I would recommend for anyone."
,Recommended,327860,15760029,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,EXTREME bucket,"An amazing exploration game, I absolutely love this game."
76561198058186918,Recommended,327860,14867666,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Dubious,"Wow. This game really impressed me with not only how beautiful the graphics actually are in-game, but also the gameplay.It seriously looked like another crap early access survival title at first, but Salt focuses heavily on exploration and the survival aspect is minimal.Basically you sail around exploring islands and fighting various enemies including pirates (:D)It really reminds me of Legend of Zelda: the Windwaker because of all the sailing around, as well as the cartoony art style.Also vaguely reminds me of TES IV Oblivion. If you liked either or both of those games I would suggest giving Salt a try, there's a free demo to get your feet wet if you're on the fence about buying the game. Definitely recommend."
76561197968950343,Recommended,327860,14640359,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Olschoolgamer,Played the demo and was impressed.Was going to wait for a sale but got snowed in and decided it was worth the 15 dollars.I like Salt because it is not so overly complicated like games of this type can be but also it has enough content to make me want to see whats next.I like the island and sailing bit alot and can see were the devs could keep adding and adding to this game.So I feel it is worth the investment and I will be puttering around in this game for some time to come.
,Recommended,327860,23302436,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,nesquiknibba,"it's downright beautiful but needs more content. Gets slightly boring after some time. I feel like this game is for taking a break from stress. Sailing is very cool with soothingly calming sounds of the sea. Yeah, so 8.5/10 descent"
,Recommended,327860,29499491,Posted: 26 January,all,BigDaddyEcig,"I was not impressed with Salt when it first came out as alpha/beta, but I realize it IS early release so I waited a bit and came back recently and am now VERY impressed with the progress they have made. There is a lot of content now compared to last I played, the game seems much smoother and much more balanced overall. I can't quite put my finger on the exact reason why, but I love the ocean physics and sailing the bigger ships around. There is a bit of a learning curve to begin but as long as you read a little you should do fine. If you are like me and always want to learn on the fly, then prepare to restart a couple of times as you realize key features you were overlooking and have to dump your poor excuse for a map. Let me just say, to make a map in the game requires a compass and a sextant. It is damn near impossible without these. I know this is not a photo realistic game but I like this style of graphics and I am always willing to sacrifice some visuals in exchange for depth of gameplay, performance and features.If you played this game before and lost interest it is definitely worth another look. Give it some time to grow on you and learn the gameplay and you msot likely will find yourself losing hours without realizing it, I know I have.-BigDaddyEcig"
76561198160230716,Not Recommended,327860,23847800,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,truck baby,"I got this game expecting a great adventure, hopping island to island discovering secrets, treasure and fighting pirates. All while I upgraded my ship and grew my arsenal. Instead, I found a bland game with very few surprises and dull combat. After your first 4 or 5 islands you come to realize that you aren't likely to find something new on the next one. This game may appeal to a small crowd but even after 2 hours I can tell that a majority of people won't find this game to be worth their time. I wouldn't recommend paying for this."
76561198148125750,Recommended,327860,35198500,Posted: 25 September,all,Noodles4Lyfe,10/10 Would stab pirates and flip my ship again
,Recommended,327860,17148563,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,TajMahal,"One of the best early access games I've played. Its an amazing feeling to navigate the seas searching for resources and loot to upgrade your ship. The game is really fun, even though it suffer from a lot of technical issues such as poor optimisation, poor hitboxes and terrible enemy AI.7/10. I bought this game with a 66% coupon. If you can get a sale then it is a definite buy. Once the game is complete i feel that it will be closer to an 8.5/10."
76561198060880408,Recommended,327860,13667951,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Double_See,"I've only got close to 9 hours in this game and love it, there is something magical and whimsical about it. It's a very pleasing game to play and addicting as well. The sailing in this game is great, what might the next island have in store for you. Pirates by day Spiders by night and what is that frightening sound at night, need to investigate and do some fishing in the morning and save some daylight for gathering some supplies. Get this game if any of this sounds interesting to you."
,Recommended,327860,16379148,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Gook Patrol,"[EARLY ACCESS REVIEW]Refreshing to have a non-voxel based survival game with a pirate theme, the boats are handled well and are integrated into the game nicely. The visuals dont strive for realism, instead having a more cartoony art style which makes the enviroments look good, while the character models and sound effects could use some work. The combat is definitely in need of work, there is no collision with animals or enemies and the bow and arrow is hard to use effectively, although this is something that will definatly improve as the devs work on it.PROS:- Open world.- Sailing and boats are fun to use- Very nice to look at- Crafting makes sense and leaves a lot for the player to discover.CONS:-Combat needs work-Some optimisation and polish in the graphics-Character modelsWorth buying at the moment and it can only improve from here."
,Recommended,327860,16714340,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,faesutherland2,"Great little game! It reminds me a lot of Zelda Windwaker, which I loved, so finding this game was a major win! The world feels a little empty still, but I imagine that will change as the game continues to develop prior to full release. Right now there are a lot of fairly empty islands and it can get a bit tedious stoppings at every one to see if there's anything interesting there, especially when the answer is usually no. Still I'm enjoying it a lot, just managed to repair one of the scattered pirate ships and am decorating it and enjoying having a full blown home on the seas, not just a wee sailboat. :)I do very much recommend this game, with the caveat that it IS early access still and it shows with the emptiness of the world and some quest givers don't have quests to give yet. I look forward to being a part of it and watching the game progress and fill out.To the developers, I'd love a more comprehensive help guide, perhaps even a tutorial 'quest' that shows you how to do most of the necessary things. Also, a more user friendly crafting recipe book would be great - as it stands it's lots of scattered recipes in handfuls of books that clutter up my inventory. I'd love to see it all compiled (as recipes are discovered) into a single journal accessed through a UI button/icon. Or at least just one book in my inventory for all recipes for crafting things of all types. Also a MAP! Right now I'm writing coordinates in an IRL paper notebook, but it'd be fun to have a map I could open and, as I discover things, mark them on an actual in game map I could then go back to. Perhaps in conjunction with the sextant, have an option to mark down a location when you get the coordinates from the sextant such as ""Do you wish to save this location on your map?"""
76561198041345964,Recommended,327860,27439500,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tzaar,I have played this game for 17 hours. Straight. I cannot wait to see what the devs bring in next!
76561198104961569,Recommended,327860,31397717,Posted: 27 April,all,imahngoo,"Quite frankly one of the greatest games I've ever played. A mix of peaceful and exciting that you just don't get anywhere else. If you've ever looked out at the sea and though ""I wish I could just hitch a boat and sail off,"" then this game is for you."
76561198039229929,Recommended,327860,20359059,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Barnacle Bob,"Did you enjoy Windwaker? Did you enjoy exploring Skyrim? If so you may be interested in this game. Personally, I haven't been this excited about a game since Skyrim first came out.Pros:1. Endless exploration2. Fun, cartoony, Windwaker-like art style3. Awesome ships to build and customize4. Fun quests5. Casual atmosphere, no fall damage, no starving to death, no drowning6. different island types with different things to do7. Interesting crafting and unique equipment8. Unique loot and bossesThings that will be added soon:WeatherCartographyThings they might work on (they might even be done by the time you read this)1. More varieties of friendly NPCs2. More structures3. Building mechanics4. More animals and wildlifeAll in all, I would give this game 10/10, I will be following this game with much interest for a long time to come. They seem to come out with pretty major updates every month or so, and you can talk to the developers on their blog."
76561198195261761,Recommended,327860,30268654,Posted: 1 March,all,PHDSwagger,"I really enjoy this game, it is still a little undeveloped but it continues to improve."
76561198124041298,Recommended,327860,34267083,Posted: 15 August,all,Lucas Edwards,"I have been playing this for a long time now, its sorta my comfort game at this point. Very chill, and being as I have watched this game from the update just before the ship redesign up to now I might as well toss my two cents in.1. Graphics: The graphics in this game are very simplistic, that doesn't mean they are bad graphics, they are fantastic as they are and despite the minimal design they really add to the games charm.2. Gameplay: The gameplay here is fairly good, the combat system has been polished somewhat but it does still need a bit of work. Sailing is absolutely fantastic, it makes you feel like a true sailor to go across the sea with compass in hand and consulting your personally drawn map.3. Nitpicks: These are pretty much the only things I could find that bother me, you can probably disregard them as personal preference or nitpicking...The first issue most people will have is that multiplayer does not exist yet, the devs have stated that they will not add multiplayer untill most of the big updates are finished, so fear not! It will come soon. I would recommend buying a couple copies for when it does come out.The second issue I have is that the storage systems are incredibly expensive. You find so much loot in this game, and while the inventory is practically bottomless, it is nice to have chests marked out for where you want your booty to be stored (Arr), however a chest costs 6 hardstone to make (which I barely ever find), and 6 iron(Nearly impossible to find) if you want a decent chest. Crates are cheap but they have like... 5 slots, certainly not enough space to store all your ill gotten gains. Some cheaper alternatives would be fantastic.Besides that, I must have gotten pretty lucky with most of the early access titles I have been following, because this game not only has potential, but I belive that it could be one of my all time favorites when its done.I give this a 9/10, seriously, buy a couple copies, save the extras for your friends when multiplayer comes out, and in the meanwhile get on a ship and start exploring! Arr!"
76561198044756021,Recommended,327860,12574690,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,II M1GHTYFOX II,"Decent Game, you can literally just explore and do whateer you want really.If you ignore the graphical glitches for now as its ""Alpha"" the game is pretty awesome. the developer has said they will be putting weather and more variety into the game which will just make things even better.Only feature i would ask for is the abilitty to chop down trees for wood rather than scavenging wood. Other than that i would reccomend this game to anyone who likes open world/sandbox games.I never normally write reviews :D"
76561198260930680,Recommended,327860,35361523,Posted: 30 September,all,AMO_2025,20 out of 10 This game is AMAZING! i love it. There is so much sea to explor and with every update there is more content and its only getting better. Salt is definetly worth the your money. However if you like fast paced action or a huge story line salt lacks in thoes aspects. It has pleny of room for a story in the future and there are a few goals/side quests (no main quest) but you get a more free felling during game play with out one. and there is combat if you know where and win to find it. Any way the reason i love this game is becuas after rocket leauge or CS:GO when your raging or just tired of to much compitition you can come play salt and enjoy yourself a little.
76561198072633904,Recommended,327860,30855934,Posted: 31 March,all,lawrence,"A sailing/survival game that resembles an open-world tropical version of The Long Dark with characters that look like they came from a slight more realistic version of Wind Waker. The graphics aren't super-realistically sharp but have a bright and simple aesthetic.There is some combat and a few questlines in the game, but the primary emphasis seems to be exploration. For a ""survival"" game, the gameplay is incredibly forgiving (especially compared to games like Long Dark or Don't Starve). Pretty much the only way to die is if you let enemies beat you to death. Advancement can be slow at times due to randomized drops or important resources and locations being spread out, but it's a small price to pay for the relaxed atmosphere."
,Recommended,327860,22867808,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,eat my ass,A very calm and relaxing game. Every update that is released adds more to do and better gameplay.
76561198004550633,Recommended,327860,22587559,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,GrandElemental,"Do not let the simple presentation and boring start discourage you, this game is a really exceptional pirate survival exploration game. Simple mechanics, simple graphics, but with a surprising amount of depth and fun packaged in.Very highly recommended as a fantastic single player exploration game. Seriously, who can resist the charm of piloting your own pirate ship from island to island collecting treasure and fighting other pirates? =)"
76561198058075753,Recommended,327860,14946143,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,pazartesi_gorusuruz,"EA Review:Pros:Relaxing survival/crafting game.You can build ships and sail them.You have to hunt and eat to survive.You can build weapons and tools to use.It has a nice simplistic art.Cons:Personally there is not much in the game yet (or I'm missing them).And it lacks tutorials so I found it hard to learn the stuff I needed to do to get my affairs in order. Some tutorial to teach the basics would be a nice addition.But this is just EA now and it will get better. I put this game in the same quality category with the leading survival/crafting games on steam (The Long Dark, The Forest, Stranded Deep). It shows such promise."
76561198280328625,Recommended,327860,29651657,Posted: 2 February,all,The Red Baron,"Overall, it is a very good game. They keep adding new stuff, making the game even better. I can't wait for co-op to come out"
76561198067159202,Recommended,327860,13722566,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,BlyHard,"So early access is basically and open test, meaning that you are paying to help test the game and give feedback while is is being developed. Salt is one of those games where you can barely tell it's in early access, and each update feels like you should need to pay for a new game.  Salt is quite possibly in my top five games for the genre, (believe it or not) surpassing minecraft and gmod, and about tied up with Rust.  with base building  on the to-do list and multiplayer, this game will be amazing.10/10 would play for hours on end and forget to sleep."
,Recommended,327860,32598007,Posted: 20 June,all,tigrenchik,Very nice atmosphere. The amount of available content is growing continuously. Devs may not work too fast but they are quite friendly and open to suggestions from community. Definitely recommended!
76561198059966565,Recommended,327860,26015026,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Unlimilore,"While I say yes, I would really wait until multiplayer comes out. At the moment it just feels more grindy than it should be"
76561198008593679,Recommended,327860,15004675,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Barlos,"GraphicsThe first thing you'll notice when playing Salt is how beautiful the islands and water are (if playing with max graphics, at least). Light is the focal point for the majority of the impressive visuals, with shadows not only playing an important aesthetic role but also playing a minor practical role in allowing you to see which direction you're facing while in the middle of a forest without being able to see the sun itself, seeing an animal's shadow before you actually see the animal itself, etc. The game environment simply looks awesome. However, I took two points off because of the minecraft-esque pirates and other blocky models of objects within the environment.8/10SoundI find the music to evoke emotions of hope, exploration, and/or mystery. It's very appropriate for the type of game and I actually enjoy finding deep ocean because of the music. However, there simply isn't enough scenarios in the game where developers find music appropriate. You won't hear music for much of the game, but when you do you'll be asking why there isn't more.The sounds are on the right track, but need some more TLC (add more ""scary"" ones that play under certain specific conditions). There's one sound in the game that (from my experience) tends to play when you're running through the jungle at night. It's a loud ""HHWWWOOOOSH"" in a high pitch that sounds like some sort of shade attacking. Maybe it's supposed to be an owl or something, but it makes me jump every time. On one occasion I shot an arrow into the shadows of a tree I heard it from, and shortly after laughing at myself for it I turned away to look at a deer down the beach. Right at that time my character's head made a ""thunk"" sound and my character's vision went down as if hit in the back of the head, temporarily turning my vision downward. I turned all around and nothing was anywhere near me. WTF. I left the island and camped on a nearby one until sunrise.8/10StorylineYou are a person that wakes up on a tropical island with nothing but the bare essentials. On your person is a journal left by someone else that tried waking you. This is how your journey begins, and as far as character backstory or finding the person that left the journal, I can't speak to that since I haven't come across either. I didn't rate this since it's an exploration sandbox adventure game with an anonymous protagonist. There's only so much you can do with story in a game like this. Open-ended is just better in general for this type of game.GameplayThe gameplay reminds me heavily of classic Everquest. Not necessarily the combat, story, or any other aspects that make a game an MMORPG, but the first-person perspective, the blocky character models, and the large expanse of water and oceans reminds me of the old boat routes, only now you can sail your own boat. I think my review is skewed because of my nostalgia for that game, so keep that in mind.Combat is mostly just left click, right click to block if it makes sense with the weapon (otherwise hold left click down to do special attacks), and manage your health with buffs/bandages/potions. The accurate trajectories the developers put into arrow paths makes bows easily the most fun weapon you can obtain. At least there's some skill in that.The sailing in the game is intuitive if you understand rudders, and you'll pick it up quickly enough if you don't. They make it so you can't lose your boats, which is nice, but I think they also coddle players. The game itself seems pretty easy after you get over the hump of not initially being able to find food easily. However, I've never ran out of food and I heard it doesn't do anything but prevent stamina regeneration (also similar to EQ!). There is a huge aspect of the survival game that eventually gets thrown to the wayside after about five hours or so once you stockpile food.Overall the gameplay is very much what I expected, but they should put more on-use items in the game, or add some way to spice up combat/cartography/whatever. The game just needs new things to do. A lack of bugs and smooth gameplay keeps this rating from dropping lower.8/10Overall ExperienceI have mixed feelings about Salt. I think at its core it's a really good game with a lot of potential. The basic premise pulls you in, and the graphics and immersion that they provide with the environmental sounds and lightplay create a really beautiful sandbox.The problem therein lies that this game is part adventure/RPG and part sandbox. There is some semblance of progression, but never pressure to actually progress. Progression also seems to fall off after a time, though I haven't explored more than a 20x20 grid to the southeast of origin. This doesn't sound like much if you've only play the game a little bit or not at all, but it's actually a huge time investment to clear an area of ocean and take note of the islands and what's on them. In fact, it can sometimes be a little tedious. I've also sailed a straight southern bearing for 40 grid markers to corroborate some of the info in the wiki.What I'd like to see is an in-game system of cartography so that I don't have to use coffee-stained grid paper for my map. Additionally, I think the game needs to explore its adventure/RPG side a bit more and come up with an overall storyline for the world that players can figure out over time, exploration, and an inquisitive nature. There should be pirate clans that war with one another. There should be islands with dungeons related to the ruins you find around the world. These things should be introduced in the same way that all things in Salt are introduced: through exploration. The story and hard content simply needs to be there for players to find. The worst thing they could do is simply focus on allowing players to collect decorative items for their ships...Salt is a very clean game that has a lot of potential. I really hope they'll consider adding more content to up the replay-value of the game. Right now I'm not sure there's enough content in the game to keep me playing past 24 hours. For a sandbox adventure explorer I would expect a much higher replay value. For its current stage of development I give salt an8/10."
76561198027553081,Recommended,327860,16850579,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,manicmarkus,"“Water, water, everywhere,And all the boards did shrink;Water, water, everywhere,Nor any drop to drink.”Thankfully water is not something your character requires in the slow-paced adventure lovers dream that is Salt.  I purchased this game on a whim one day, and I can say that it did not disappoint.  Salt is not a game for Action lovers.  It's not even a game for adventure buffs looking for an engaging story, but Salt provides a beautiful open-world sandbox adventure game with just enough mythology and folklore to keep you sailing on.  Travelling can be dull at times, especially when you sail for long periods of time without even seeing another island to explore, but these moments are not overly common.  There are a plethora of items to find, gather, craft, etc. though the crafting and inventory menus are still a little rough around the edges for me. (I should note here that I have not played the game since the latest update and the developers say they have addressed some of the issues with the inventory/equipped items etc.)  The beautiful scenery is the real star of Salt.  The sunrise and sunset will never disappoint you, and the islands, though all fairly similar in appearance other than elevation, look nice enough.  Grass blows in the wind, fires crackle in the distance at night, and combing through a dense island at night with nothing but a dim torch to light your way can be truly haunting.  After playing the game for some time I really only have two outstanding issues I would like to bring up.  One, the enemies of Salt are the biggest nemesis of the game itself.  The graphics just seem sort of lazy and the AI is almost nonexistent.  I'm not a stickler on graphics and I love playing older games, but with the polished look that the rest of the game has you will find yourself wondering why the developers fell flat in this regard.  The other issue I want to address is the absence of other ships in the game.  While sailing you will literally never encounter anyone.  I don't mean to imply that the game should be known for ocean battles, but it would be nice to include something like a trade ship that sells supplies and upgrades for your ships, or even just friendly passersby who could give you missions and what not.My overall rating for Salt would be 7/10If you like adventure games where you have a minor story overview but also largely craft your own story i think you will enjoy this game.  Gathering supplies and crafting never seemed repetitive as long as I had something to gather for.  Eventually you will most likely run out of missions, but I can honestly say even though I have largely completed what the game initially had to offer I feel It was an absolute deal for the price."
76561198287677637,Recommended,327860,24853910,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,RainAxe,"This game is amazing, I don't really understand how it could be relaxing for the times when waves eiether tips over the ship or Pirates trying to attack you. I got this game for free from a family share and this was what I was on most of the time. It is an experience you won't forget on the fun and challenging times that this game throws right at ya"
,Recommended,327860,13111434,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,enkl0001,"Currently on sale for $10, I picked this up to chill with over the Thanksgiving holiday. While it's still very rough, I find it really unique and interesting. It's good for a couple dozen hours of enjoyable time-killing right now and really hope it turns into something great as they continue developing it.Personally, I can't wait for streams and the ability to create shelters."
,Recommended,327860,15068881,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,cattyh28,"Salt is a lighthearted exploration game with added pirates and ancient supernatural elements.  When finished, it will be a great game.  Graphics are lightweight, which is a bonus for old computer users, and it has a refreshingly delicate touch with combat - you can simply avoid it most of the time if you prefer to simply steal as you sail.Found it when looking for any boat building exploration game and enjoyed it despite usually hating games with me as the main character.A note to the developers - more craftable items please, and do not ever get sucked in to mapping it - map geeks love this game because they have to do it themselves"
,Recommended,327860,14025850,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,MagicJam,"Great Game, for an early access it isnt very bug filled. Graphic remind me of unturned. Lots to do. Good fun for the whole family :-)"
76561198095544608,Recommended,327860,13514704,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Tschami,Wonderful and relaxing game- really looking forward to future updates!
76561198047498554,Recommended,327860,32624490,Posted: 21 June,all,Kaljakalle HellCase.com,Very Good Game! but this really needs co op
,Recommended,327860,24671221,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Falak,"Ill make this short and sweet, And also make you want to buy the game... Islands/pirates/boat's/Ships! complete open and free not locked to anyone thing, And and oh did i mention ships? that you can captain! And pirates you can plunder! And ships and boats once you lower your sails you are free to move around the ship! But remember to steer away from land!With that being said this game is literally everything your looking for if you lke ships/pirates and adventure."
,Recommended,327860,16554256,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Drop~Dead~kawaii,Easy to start in-game and really catchy.Recommend !
76561198095806535,Recommended,327860,29652074,Posted: 2 February,all,duprice,"Great game. Explored most of it for now. Waiting for new updates. Still some items with no use, that I believe will make this game a lot better. Also waiting for co-op :D"
76561198159413305,Recommended,327860,15102893,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,acedce88,I have over 100 hours in this game. This is the most addicting game and great for people who love adventure! I would reccomend this game to anyone who loves to explore and find treasure!
76561198108376832,Recommended,327860,16731106,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,cjeman1234,"this is a great game to pass the time with, i have been playing this game a lot lately, i really enjoy the sailing aspects of the game, its my second favorite part of the game. a story should be added, one of the updates mentioned one one time, but i cant seem to figure it out. of course i could be missing something, but either way i cant tell. the fights are awesome, my favorite because of lack of the nasty gore and how easy it becomes with the right gear. this is still an awesome sandbox game, especially if you are interested in the ocean"
,Recommended,327860,30805297,Posted: 28 March,all,not connected,great game... got the jungle skimmy boat...
,Recommended,327860,30846272,Posted: 30 March,all,Jesus-Jitsu,"Great game, I'm looking forward to multiplayer being added. The Devs are quite active on Twitter, and the updates come in regularly. One of the few Early-Access titles I will recommend."
,Recommended,327860,21398262,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Ackoco,Great Game with vibrant colours. It really scratches the exploration itch.The development is advancing at a good pace with significant and noticeable chances.I am looking forward to when it will come out of early access with full features. Specially multiplayer.Definitely worth a buy!
,Recommended,327860,20282617,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Zhanman,You get a boat.
76561198311365060,Recommended,327860,35310656,Posted: 29 September,all,Traincar2003,"Epic game. So many aspects to it. Fighting, exploring, finding loot and selling it to merchants. It's awesome. The ships are epic too. I love how you can customize your ship. Although, I wish there were more decoration for your ship. Having cannons and being able to fight pirates would make the game go from maybe an 8/10 rating, to a 11/10 rating. Awesome game though! If you are questioning getting this game, get it. It's a game that will always be one of my favorites."
,Recommended,327860,35327341,Posted: 30 September,all,captainxenu,This game is actually pretty fun to play. I wasn't sure when I bought it.
,Recommended,327860,25876157,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,PinchPeak5203,"I absolutely adore salt. It is such a fun game with an experience unlike any other. There are pirates to fight and ships you can build, and there are tons of items and quests. It is very unique and I highly recommend it."
76561198137806880,Recommended,327860,25705119,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Timyio,"This is a really nice relaxing game to play, just sail around on the quiet ocean."
,Recommended,327860,22556461,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Mars,"Truly, a good a game."
,Not Recommended,327860,35428689,Posted: 2 October,all,Datasette,"I cannot in good conscience recommend this game in its current state. I bought it on sale (thankfully) the other day, and have spent a little over 2 hours in the game, not a significant amount of time, but enough to get an idea of how it is.The game has little to no explanation of what you need to do.The controls are quite bad in certain aspects.The crafting system is *okay*, but needs work.The environmental affects make it very difficult, and awkward to see at certain times (lighting effects, etc)The map system does not make any sense to me at allThe Audio is bizarre, no music of any kind for long periods of time, kicks in randomly and stops aburptlyBuggy saves.I'm probably missing some things, but these are what come to mind. I realize this is early access, and it may get better down the road, but at this point it is definitely not worth its current price, even on sale."
,Recommended,327860,19316111,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,DrunkOctopus,"I love this game, I played 29 hours when I had no internet for 2 weeks and enjoyed most every aspect.I actually learned cartography from this game and began making a sea chart for my save. Rip world reset later, but I can move on.Pros:- Beautiful game.- Neat features like hitting trees to make fruit fall from the branches and repairing old pirate ships.- Added NPC vendors in huts.- Neat UI.Fixed:- Confusion on how to open chests.Cons:[Note these are likely just things in the works, I'm confident in Salt's amazing dev team!]- New issue, I can't figure out how to craft the pickaxe. Components involve mining I believe.- Sharks? Please no Stranded Deep. Comments:= Normal or small sized sharks are better.= Sharks bumping the boat/raft is fine, but when your sailboat has the physics of a beach ball and you a stone there is a problem haha. Rip SD.- Average combat system, making a new flare of strategy is better than hack and slash. (This hasn't bugged me too much).- * No Multiplayer or Co-op. I'm 100% sure this is in the dev's plans. I really hope that they can steer Salt away from the KOS boat that every other survival game floats in.I know that this is an amazing exploration game, but frankly making an island into a home would add a lot of playtime into the game. I just hope that you would have the means to find your base if you died.A cool idea: if players discover and land on an island for the first time they can name it. The more time you spend on an island the longer it will say it is claimed to you. Say Jim plays on St. George for 15 hours, and Timmy for 10 then it says Claimed by Jim. If Jim named it and he still lives there with his friend it will also be claimed by Jim and Friends. Jim just needs to be semi-active.This game is worth the money, sale or no sale. 9/10 this survival game will one day make a 10/10."
,Recommended,327860,25595923,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,XStealthshooterX,"My opinion on salt is its a great game but has a lot of room for Improvement starting with multiplayer, that would make the game SO much better. It can get a bit repetitive but most of the problems are small and normal in early access games but all in all i recommend buying this game"
76561198027553735,Recommended,327860,13113943,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,spachinator,Definately should dowload demo first to see if this is for you. I did and then had no qualms with buying the full version.I have seen a few updates too. Good Job Lavaboots! I look forward to seeing how this game evolves.
,Recommended,327860,30092338,Posted: 21 February,all,Laerrus,"Salt is fantastic; not only is it relaxing, if you choose to play it so; by sailing around exploring and avoiding combat; but it's also damn hard if you want to make it that way; by barging in and taking on pirates directly.I play with a sort of ninja/Metal Gear Solid style combat method, lots of hit and runs, using the bow; etc; it's more ""Espionage/Tactical blah blah blah"" than the new Metal Gear is by a long shot; so I actually prefer Salt for my fix of that.Just started playing again, as I got it ages ago when it was still very early in development, and I was waiting for it to be more fleshed out; now it is; and it is glorious.The AI retreats if they don't think they can match you, regroups, plots; and if they know they can take you; they will come after you like savage dogs.The graphics are good enough; the cartoon style is betraying of the complexity of the game play itself; but it's not complex like many modern games, in that you need to sink 10,000 hours into it to understand the basics; you can just hop in, and go.As a boat building/sailing kind of guy in real life, I find this to be a good way to deal with winter time in Canada; when I can't get out on the real water.This is for sure a game anyone can enjoy, from young to old; from casual to hard core; and it's one of the few games that is open world that is really open in the sense of play style, as I previously mentioned. There is nothing stopping you from getting a good ship, and just sailing for a million miles in one direction, if that's what you want to do; or if you prefer, combing each and every island.I really dig the map system they added, where I plot out what I find, and can leave notes etc.I enjoy the fishing in it too; the dev's have done a great job of making it so the player develops their own superstitious idea's about how to catch the fish; and that sort of thing; it's very realistic in that way."
,Recommended,327860,28527097,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Like Prey,Good game to lose track of time with.  Can't wait to see what the future holds for it.  Only complaint as of right now is the lack of direction on finding and completing quests.
76561198161396032,Recommended,327860,25803326,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Impulsive Egg,I'M ALWAYS A SL.UT FOR PIRATE RPGS
,Recommended,327860,17771035,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,𝓕𝓲𝓼𝓱,"Salt, an amazing exploration game where you are tasked with making boats to traverse the seas, fulfill goals and quests and awake ancient forces that even those pesky devotee's didn't know exist."
,Not Recommended,327860,29453575,Posted: 23 January,all,AeroLion,"The game visuals look great(reason I got it). The concept of being sort of like a pirate is great too. The last time I played this game was about two years and after a couple of hours I was bored since there was no map. The islands are endless and I already had a huge ship.To further increase my playtime I acquired a map someone made with empty coordinates and with that I was no longer revisiting the same islands. With that said the game became boring since I already had it all and travelled farther and farther  and the same little pirates with no change.The concept of having trees is useless, since you have to pick up logs. Only good thing is the fruits."
76561198014891334,Not Recommended,327860,33492307,Posted: 12 July,all,jzoomba,"This game has a lot of potential, but I can't recommend it at this moment.The map system is an absolute mess, I'm not sure why they've strayed from the idea of a map being revealed as you travel."
76561198068273937,Not Recommended,327860,33566741,Posted: 15 July,all,Dr.FragensteinM.D.,"Neat concept, poor execution. Wait another 3 years and maybe it will be something. Combat is terrible, navigation is a nightmare, resource gathering is extremely basic... you can't even cut down trees. You have to go from island to island just gather wood off the ground. I'm picturing stranded without the graphics"
,Not Recommended,327860,14359513,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Gary Dozer,"Eh... One more early access is going nowhere. As it is usual the idea is neat, but when you're done learning the game it becomes pointless.Most of the features in the game has no use. Okay, you have found and repaired a wrecked pirate ship. Now you can sail it and it's better than a basic boat because ... nothing. Okay, you have found and explored 101st island and it has brought you ... nothing.Couple of days later, when you've done learning the game (which is ridiculously simple), you will have an urge to delve into some shady corners of the game, trying to find secrets and treasures. Don't waste your time. Just google. You'll see that you'll get nothing out of fishing, fighting, exploring or whatever activity you'll try to explore deeply.You'll just waste your time and will feel fooled.Oh, and imagine an EXPLORATION GAME WITHOUT AN EFFING MAP! Seriously..."
,Recommended,327860,16532856,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Mutt377,"This is a 10/10 game!This has to be one of the greatest open-world pirate games ever created!I absolutely love what the developers have done! Randomly generated islands, craftable weapons, first-aid, armour, and 5 different boats to obtain and use in your travels! Not to mention the scenery and locations are amazing, even if it's not the greatest of graphics! You can hunt, fish, fight other pirates or nasty nightcrawlers, dig and unlock treasures! Even the sailing requires time, patience, and a knowledge of which way is north! This is what is feels like to be on the open seas, and Salt captures it perfectly!All in all, if you've been look for a good pirate game ever since Pirates Online went down, then look no further! This is the game for you! The possiblities for this game are endless and amazing, and I cannot wait to see where the developers will take us next! I haven't stopped playing since I bought it! This game has great potential!Great work developers!"
,Recommended,327860,25657718,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Dclyde,"This game is the best pirate game out there. I love how they did sailing, the combat is average but nothing bad. With multiplayer soon to come, it will be one of the most fun games out there."
76561198067014333,Recommended,327860,16574704,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,LittleTruckerBoy,"This game is a very fun exploration/pirate game that is definitely worth the money theyre asking for. Everything in the game so far is implemented well and there's already plenty of content. This game has tons of potential and it seems the developers are very energetic to put out more content.The graphics may not be the best, but it gives the game a very light and cartoonish vibe which I feel fits the sailing gameplay"
76561198026989875,Recommended,327860,15271346,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,MoonWaffle,"I really love this game, clocked over 30 hours so far. I paid full price for it even before major updates were made, and I haven't regretted it. It's a nice balance of entertainment and relaxation, so it's a good game to play after a long day at the office.Every time I log in, I find something new and fun that the Devs added. The Devs are very receptive to suggestions, so it's good to see a team stick to their Early Access game determined to make it great. My only fear is that in being so receptive, they'll try to please everyone and the game will become jumbled, something I've seen happen to other games that try to do too much and lose their focus. But so far, so good. Recommended!"
,Recommended,327860,14924368,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Mesc,"Salt throws you into the scenario of being stranded on an island with literally nothing to survive, It is then up to you to scavenge, hunt, forage, fight and craft to survive. Once ocean bound you are alone at sea and away from it all and where you end up is up to you. Although at times the controls are less than intuitive over all this is a beautiful and imersive gaming experience and i really hope this game is developed to its full potential as i LOVE it."
,Recommended,327860,14900312,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,K!netic,"It's strange that in a game that's 95% composed of gently-rolling water could be so engaging to explore. Maybe it's because so little of what you can do is documented in-game; you're constantly looking for more materials to combine to see what else you can craft - because the crafting books don't tell you everything. Or maybe it's when you realize that you can get enough equipment to be a fearsome anti-pirate. Or maybe it's just how damn pretty the game is.I found myself jotting down sextant coordinates of interesting treasure caches, merchants, or ruins. On actual paper. And using those notes to double-back at a later time to profit. Normally, I'd say that any game that forces you out-of-game to ""jot down notes"" is a failure. But for some reason Salt makes it work. It's refreshing not to have some kind of minimap and HUD. It's a relief to actually fight with the controls of your boat, rather than it just being a speedier version of walking. It's satisfying to plow full-speed onto a beach, hear the grind as your hull skips onto the ground, jump off of the bow and feel like the conqueror of some little patch of land.In any event, it scratches the itch for an explore-combat-craft game without dropping itself into any major tropes, and making the ""explore"" part more than ""walking simulator""."
76561198030437712,Recommended,327860,19263654,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,IMeantToDoThat,So fun sailing the new pirate ship!  This game is coming along nicely.
76561198158657128,Recommended,327860,14503753,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Hellscream554364,"Lets see, what can I say about such a game other than, ""HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥"". Ok, I got this game probably about three or four weeks after it came out on Steam, and let me tell you, not one moment has been dull while playing this awesome game. I had a ton of hours on it, untill I got a new PC. I took a break from it for a while since my old PC broke, and once I started playing it with all of its new updates, I just loved it more and more. The devs are also some pretty great devs. They come out with updates pretty quickly, and if it takes them a little longer to come out with an update, you wont even notice since this game is just so awesome to begin with. This game is a very challenging game, as well as super fun! I would definately recommend this game. The fighting, even as simple as it is, is still fun and challenging. This game is most likely one of my favorite games in my Steam Library. Let me tell you this as well, all those kids who dislike the game, dislike it for having a hard time getting materials, combat not being interesting. One of the reviews I saw said that the movement wasn't good, and that he could move better in real life. Anyone can move better in real life than if a video game! Anyways im going to give this game a 9/10... You know what, ♥♥♥♥ that! Lets give it a 20/10. I would definately recommend this sick game! It is worth the fifteen bucks, I bought this when it was twenty bucks, and I dont even care that I payed five extra for it, its worth all twenty as well!20/10"
76561198177318014,Recommended,327860,20022745,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Jimmyis_4wesome,"This game is fun, you can do whatever you want whenever, its not like some games where it pushes you, you actually have complete freedom. The graphics could use some work but i dont care that much about that, But the one thing that does bother me about the graphics is the other people they look like plush toys, but again I can deal with that."
,Recommended,327860,14421517,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,The Companion,"Salt is an early access game that involves you (the character) searching for items and ultimately traveling island to island.Of the negative reviews on here, I find that most either a). are disappointed at the ""early access development"" at this stage of the game and/or   b). dislike that this game hands you nothing.  (You are going to have to do some trial and error when crafting things.)The game itself is great because the point is to find and acquire items so as to defeat pirates and captains; and ultimately, deal with ancient ruins and such that come later in the game.  It's paced a little slower than some may like, but that's the point.I enjoy the game because it's laid back and I can unwind.  There aren't harsh time tables for which tasks must be completed.---I think that Salt has a long life ahead of it with potential to keep evolving as its player base grows.  The maps are vast and there is almost always something to find on an island (whether it be a look out point, items, loot, food; etc.).The world is beautiful and it is updated by the developers.On the developers:  I have to give them kudos.  They listen to the community and get to work fixing any and all bugs they find quickly.  The Steam community is just as friendly and helps each other out as necessary.Yes, the game has its hitches and it's not 100% crystal clear, shiny, and finished - but it is stunning and fun to play."
76561198062837128,Recommended,327860,13287558,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Not A Dirtbag,"If you like adventuring, sailing, and survival games, this one is for you. If you're hesitant, at the very least throw it in your wishlist and snag it on a Steam sail... See what I did there?If there was a genre of ""relaxing survival"" this would be it. It's a very chill game, with no real immediacy involved, which I actually love. It's a nice change from the dime a dozen zombie survival games out there. Since you can't starve to death, and death has no terrible penalties, it's more focused on exploration than survival. My guess is that the survival aspects will evolve as the deveopers progress with produciton.I love sailing around the ocean in this game, it's very calming, and to me it sparks a more visceral imagination of being on a boat, unfurling the sails and going, quite literally, wherever the wind takes you.Of course as an early access game, there's a ton missing, and I frankly won't come back to this game until they've incorporated a map. The worlds are too vast, and there's far too many islands to take on without some sort of cartography. Also, combat hitboxes need some fine tuning, it's a bit difficult to hit things as it is now."
76561198142219384,Recommended,327860,14217383,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Gingerdor,"Dear Creators of Salt,I am a Huge fan of your open world adventure game! i do have some suggestions though.1). Add storms. A scence of danger while sailing the ocean would really add to the exitment!2). Randomly generated ports. Adding a place of civilisation withen the game would strive me to explore more!3). Charecter Creation/ development. Dont turn this game into an RPG, just let the player feel more attached to the charecter by letting us create him/her.4). More Enemys! Things like Tribal Warriors awoken gods Sharks.5). More Hunting! things like spear fishing and hunting would be a cool addition.6). More passive creatures. to make the game feel more alive!Thanks for reading through my list, adding these features would make my playing experince even more enjoyable thank it already is! Keep up the good work guys!"
,Recommended,327860,22390949,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Bohican,"I love this game, it's really easy to figure out whether you will like it or not because it has a free demo to download.Download the demo, if you play it for a few hours and enjoy exploring each island, figuring out new recipes, figuring out where you are and mapping the island locations, then it's worth the purchase, because that's exactly how the full game plays, with more things to craft, and to loot, way more islands, a few quests to do, pirate bosses to kill for better loot, and endless exploration and islands to map.There's not a lot of variety on the islands or the enemies and wildlife, so if you don't spend a lot of time in the demo and are looking for more or something different in the full game, it probably isn't the game for you."
,Recommended,327860,24065471,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,WhiteKnife,The best pirate game since Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag.
76561197970625245,Recommended,327860,33386054,Posted: 8 July,all,ricp,"Think of this (sort of) like the meeting of Unturned and Stranded Deep (but without the base building). The low poly cutesie-ness of Unturned with a similar boat related malarkey as Stranded Deep. If this is on sale, and you have some spare cash then grab it. Not necessarily for now but maybe as the updates come in (which they hopefully will). It's certainly playable now, but is far from fleshed out. Very much an Alpha game.Just now, if I had to rate it, I'd say it's a 5 or 6 out of 10. Not because it's bad, it just needs more work.Would I ""recommend"" it? Ooft, tough call. I can only presume you are reading this because you're unsure whether to buy, and in that sense I'd say yes but only in a Steam Sale - for now at least - otherwise probably no."
,Recommended,327860,21062505,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Akiroshi,This is quite an interesting adventure and exploration game! There may be much more things to be explored from the game  afterwards!
76561198049475111,Recommended,327860,28954225,Posted: 2 January,all,jrl_27,"I have only 6 hours in this game so far but I am finding it rather enjoyable. Sometimes I just want to relax when playing a game, no pressure to complete a task or whatever. Just the freedom to do what I want, go where I want. This game does that. Very simple game play which can be refreshing at times."
,Recommended,327860,15230356,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Tyberius,"It was a very fun game but it doesn't have to much in the way of things to do. I played it for 2 hours and it felt like I was doing the same thing the enitre 2 hours which was going from island to isldan collecting recources I didn't really need because I was handed better weapons and armor than I could make early on. Combat is a drag in this, I could not stand it and the AI is comparable to the zombies in Unturned. I had lots of fun playing it but it fell short of my expectations. Still a great game though and I would recommend it.6/10"
,Recommended,327860,16402890,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Keokyii,Calm and intense at the same time. This game captures the serenity of sailing and the epicness of battling powerful enemies very well. As of the time of reviewing the only things missing are multiplayer and the ability to build on land. I still reccomend it though.
,Recommended,327860,16731038,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,haldrimor,"I've really enjoyed Salt so far. It's wonderfully simple to pick up and just run with. I've sailed into the horizon and just enjoyed the journey this game creates for you. It looks clunky sometimes, but that's part of the charm. As I'm sailing across the waves at sunset in Salt, I remember what a great purchase this game was."
76561198003928073,Recommended,327860,26833917,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,crmagic,"Salt is an interesting entry into the ridiculously packed sandbox survival genre.  It does not hold your hand at all, so you are dropped on an island with a journal in front of you, and away you go on your exploration of the sea!  I feel like the game captures an essence of sailing life that is lacking in almost every other Age of Sail game (Pirates, Windward, etc) out there.  It's compelling if you are willing to learn the game (or read a wiki...) instead of being led by the nose.I do feel that longevity may be an issue; admittedly, I haven't played TOO long, but I haven't yet run into anything compelling me to keep exploring other than to see what's on the next island.  Supposedly, there are inns and quests to encounter.  But there sheer fun of the exploration is enough for me!"
,Recommended,327860,30596525,Posted: 18 March,all,Stubeans,"I see a lot of people writing that they dont enjoy the game. I dont either, BUT, im waiting for Co-op to be released so that me and a friend can explore the seas. I've never liked singleplayer games, the only ones i've finished were on my nintendo wii, Fallout New Vegas, and Half life. I love half life 2, yet i cannot finish it for lack of interest. This game is very well made, and is very community oriented. I reccomend this game to people who dont mind slow paced, slow gameplay, and a slow start. I believe that once multiplayer is implemented, that this game will be amazing for Co-op though, as there is so much to do!"
76561198374103469,Recommended,327860,30640027,Posted: 20 March,all,foxcat8116,"Very nice. If you're looking for a calm yet engaging game this is for you. Not only do you feel relaxed and laid back while playing, but you also feel a sense of excitment. I think there is very much ponential for this game, and cannot wait to see what delivers in the future."
,Recommended,327860,24063467,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,TheBot,"This game is really good and relaxing. i play this game once in a while to play something relaxing. i really like the aspect of having a ship and exploring a vast amount of the ocean. stop when you feel like it or just keep on adventuring on in this endless game. the devs support this game a lot and they put their heart and soul into this game. i would recomend this game to anyone, from the young to the old, girls and boys. everyone and anyone can play this game"
76561198037580591,Recommended,327860,14821183,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Sylverthane,"Be forewarned.... there is no hand-holding in Salt. =)This game is a real gem!  The graphics betray the atmosphere of this game - don't be fooled.  Remember, this is a pre-release version.  The placeholder graphics are somewhat simple or cartoony, but there is some solid game design and very good coding here.  Never had a crash or any issues with it at all - rock solid.The exploration and survival aspects of this game are second to none.  The interface is spartan and minimal which increases the overall atmosphere of the game.  The music and scenery are gorgeous to behold.This game also has a demo version that you can try out first.  Press ""h"" to learn how to manuever the interface.  Then give yourself about 10 minutes to wander about, find the chest on the island, craft a club to smash rocks and a bow and arrows to shoot fruit from the trees and at that point you'll start to understand what the game is all about.  Then craft the raft and the game really starts to shine.  Explore other islands, encounter and fight pirates, hunt animals and monsters and gear up!Again, this game is a gem that I know I'll keep coming back to again and again.  I wish the devs all the best and I can't wait to see what the finished game looks like!"
76561198113452310,Recommended,327860,22775639,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,78dcba,This game is great! The gameplay is very good and like the colours in the game. It is just fun to explore the island and sail around.
76561198090508256,Recommended,327860,17443411,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,WrinklySausage,"This has to be one of the best game I've played to date.It's everything I could want from an open world exploration game and something I've been after for a long time, the world is of epic size and I would recommend this to anyone who likes the open world exploration types of games.Even though it's far from finnished i'd give it 10/10...Good job Lavaboots studios :D"
,Recommended,327860,13624323,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Ray,"Seems very early stage.  Graphics are rudimentary (vary from almost hand painted look for foliage to quasi-real for the water to laughable kid draw people and huts)  Mechanics are simple, game is stable so far with good operation at what is in.  There isn't a TON to do but it has a great atmospheric and the hunting for deer (and pirates) is fun.  I'll be keeping an eye on this one.  Looks like there is a lot of promise here but it's got a long way to go to be complete."
76561198165532708,Recommended,327860,13838362,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Pivot740,"This game is a work of art. You see people comparing it to minecaft,ect. But honestly, this game deserves its own genre. It's not about the crafting,looting,building, or the  exploration (although it has plenty) to me this game is about taking in the world around you. From the sun shining through the trees to the light reflecting off the water and the amazing sounds of the ocean crashing against the shore. Just basking in all in is fullfilling enough.Great controls,stable, and fun.10/10 Would WIIILSON!!! again."
76561198059687391,Recommended,327860,13654873,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Cadaver123,"All I have to say about Salt is that it is awesome, a must buy if you love the sandbox-game genre.  Without a doubt I recommend it!  BUY IT NOW!!!!"
,Recommended,327860,13508539,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,StrungSweeney,"Watch this is space has microsoft will be buying out the rights for salt when it's fully completed.Salt hits all the squishy bits for this surperb sandbox game.Like fishing get salt.Like looting salty sea dogs for there gold coins.Like sailing the sea with nothing with you're sextant, compass.Awesome roguelike but this is optional, but i got more of a feel for my gear.Again watch this space it will be going for 1.2billion."
76561198120451370,Recommended,327860,33449201,Posted: 10 July,all,MrWaffles_1,"Although this game may seem pricy for the graphics you see in the privews, the gaming exsperience in which this game provides is fantastic. If you like adventure, action, and loot, this is a game for you. I never really played it a whyle back unttil I got bored and gave it a try recently. At that point I relized how much the game has changed, and how much better it has gotten."
,Recommended,327860,30632816,Posted: 20 March,all,Stormy,"Played for three hours. Game is amazing, I would chose this over any other crafting game hands down. Hopefully the devs keep up with it!"
76561198040441324,Recommended,327860,35254821,Posted: 27 September,all,tichborne,this game could be better with a few good console commands
76561198079478128,Recommended,327860,14034352,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Captain Pugsley,"Awesome game! The atmosphere is beautiful, the music is some of the best in-game music i've ever heard, and the whole game is almost a mystery. There are only two guide books given to you at the beginning, and you must use them to progress. There are many items you can craft. The majority of your game will most likely be spent sailling throuought different islands (without a map, but minor complaint), and its awesome. The ocean is beautiful, and you genuinely feel like you are on an epic sailing adventure!"
76561198165522518,Recommended,327860,32130633,Posted: 2 June,all,Hopalong,Fun exploration game. Its quite relaxing at points and the game just feels nice to play.
76561198122167724,Recommended,327860,21066815,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,OromisElda,"Salt is probably my favorite game in my library. It isn't perfect, but it is amazing, and as an early access game, I can only imagine how good the game will be when development is finished."
76561198036947746,Recommended,327860,21170067,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,The Doctor,"The tag said that it had multiplayer, but it doesn'totherwise i really like the game and it fun to play"
,Recommended,327860,16544617,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Dr.Ded,A fun exploration game.
76561197980588015,Recommended,327860,13027417,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Philth,would highly recommend it to anyone who likes this genre
,Recommended,327860,23711716,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,ZippNex~Karma,Pls. Multiplayer. Now.
,Recommended,327860,13234228,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Ozium,Take me to the ocean blueLet me dive right intoAnything I'll ever captureYou can wait up all nightWaiting for wrong or rightI always knew where I had youYou can lie on my wavesYou can sleep in my cavesLiving on the edge of peaceKnowing that water can freezeDo you still want me to open?Come on into my wavesYou can sleep in my cavesLet me know that you will hold meTill the tides take my soulWe belong to the seaTo the waves you and meLiving in the ocean so blueWe belong to the seaOpen wide being freeA minute everlasting with youAnd as soon as it stopsWe'll all be a dropComing down on your wide open seaCan you wash me awayWill you dry me one dayTake me to the place where I came fromIf I had a open heartWould you tear that apartWhy do I feel that you're lonesome?Come on into my wavesYou can sleep in my cavesLet me know that you will hold meTill the tides take my soul!We belong to the seaTo the waves you and meLiving in the ocean so blueWe belong to the seaOpen wide being freeA minute everlasting with youAnd as soon as it stopsWe'll all be a dropComing down on your wide open seaThere's a thunder inside meThat your silence will killAnd I know that you forced meTo get rid of what I feel!We belong to the seaTo the waves you and meLiving in the ocean so blueWe belong to the seaOpen wide being freeA minute everlasting with youAnd as soon as it stopsWe'll all be a dropComing down on your wide open sea
76561198017617795,Recommended,327860,19575859,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,BIGMessiah,Nice easy fun game
76561198121934152,Recommended,327860,19527740,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Koneko-Chan,ive played this game a few times so far and have to say ive enjoyed it and will be playing it more once i get the time. its an amazing game which gives you the thrill of finding whats on that other island so you just want to keep playing. soundtrack is awesome love the way the crafting menue is set up as well. this game has a lot of potential and a lot of things that could be added. im sure in time this game will grow and become something even greater keep up the good work lava boots studios
76561198158429514,Recommended,327860,13987239,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Lucas Teh Seawolf,good good of pirates
,Recommended,327860,19448221,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,DragonShrimp,Looking for an endless adventure with the crashing of the waves upon the island you journeyed to? Or maybe you just want to sail along night and day for a nice little relaxation while you game. Salt is just perfect for it! :D
,Recommended,327860,19667062,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,♥Floofy Bellus♥,"A very simple, yet entertaining game"
76561198035801412,Recommended,327860,16542059,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,ZeroΩmega,Most relaxing survival game ever with the best water !
,Recommended,327860,14008280,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,TheNikoHero,"This is a really great game. It's very nice and quiet, and its peaceful. The feeling of being in a windwaker-like world and looking after loot and trying to kill some pirates to get their keys to their chets in their ships, is just.. amazing. It's really refreshing when you just stand on an island, and can hear the wind, and the ocean.Though, remember that the game is early acces, so its not even near to being done.BUT THERE IS A DEMO VERSION OF THE GAMEA early acces game, that provides you with a demo? AWESOMEso far, so good, 8/10.You somtimes feel like the gameplay is a bit stiff in it, like you can only swing the weapon in a certain way, and you dont know what things you can ""hatch"""
76561198120970985,Recommended,327860,20378094,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Isis of Kebab Leader of Jihad,"Day 1, Searching for the pickaxe on first island on a random seed.Day 2, Builds raft, explores a new island, sees a campfire, looks down the hill, a village! Runs down the hill looking for a merchant, looks around sees a man, yay merhant i thought, but it was a pirate battlemaster.10/10 would die in 2 days again"
76561198074333666,Recommended,327860,24113208,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,p0rtal18,"This game is amazing! The cartoony style and the nature is just perfect. First when my friend showed me this I thought it was boring, but I bought the game anyway. when I played it for a bit I fell in love with it. I had no problems without the game closing when my pc went in sleep mode. Thanks for a good game (: ."
,Recommended,327860,22592448,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,ponoveave,"great game , only needs underwater world"
,Recommended,327860,30859408,Posted: 31 March,all,Wubba lubba dub dub,"Have not played for very long, but I already love this game. The sailing is by far my favorite mechanic, and I truly cannot wait for multiplayer!"
,Recommended,327860,13815769,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Gabenfoodle,"Its pretty good. So, for the sake of it, here's a pros and cons listPROS+The game has a good artstyle. It looks good.+The water looks great, it really does.+Boats. Boats are love, boats are life+There is a huge, infinite ocean to explore+You're a pirate, and you kill pirates.+The music is great+You can kill giant spiders+Its a very unique game+Its quite calmingCONS-Combat is really dull-The game needs a better tutorial-Some really low resolution texturesAlso, on a side note. Most EA games don't have much content, only enough for maybe 3 hours. Salt, on the other hand, seems like it has around 20 hours of fun. Granted, I wont be playing it for that long, but just keep that in mind.Also note, the combat is really bad. You take a swing, you hit, he takes a swing, you block. Its really the weakest point of the game, and as you'll end up doing it a lot, just keep that in mind."
76561198317340907,Recommended,327860,24821602,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,djaims,Fun game with an easy learning curve. The more you explore the more you are rewareded.
,Recommended,327860,24025803,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Raamah,"20+ hours in and I've barely scratched the surface of this game. Lots of quests to do and islands to explore. The water in this game is done very well and I like the art style. I like that fighting is generally a choice rather than a must and that the general atmosphere is relaxing and fun (except when exploring at night with all the creepy sounds!). I wish there were a few more ship types that players could craft using common materials rather than quest rewards for more variety early game, also the game lags a bit while approaching islands as it loads however this is minor and could be related to settings. Well worth a buy, very playable in its current state.**Edit 7/26/16 **Now 80+ hours in and I've experienced a lot of the major in-game events. I have not finished the main quest line but I've done quite a few of the side quests and explored over 650 islands. I quite enjoy the exploring aspect of the game so I'm in no rush to fight the end boss just yet. I felt guilty about getting this game on sale for so cheap so I bought a full price copy to give away. Awesome game and awesome developer who is regularly checking in on the steam forums to answer questions from players and regularly adding content and fixing bugs in the game. Multiplayer is the next major task and hopefully will bring many more players into the game world."
76561198085967192,Recommended,327860,17521763,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Secretly Josef Stalin,Wonderful game that had me addicted.
,Recommended,327860,32955532,Posted: 28 June,all,unicornrob136,"This game is the best pirate,sailing,expoling  game ever. i cant get enough of it. its so damn awesome. thank you guys for making it. and now that they are adding things like birds and the grabber and the sooneryou actually start liking your ship. too awesome"
,Recommended,327860,32892405,Posted: 27 June,all,ＥＬＫ,It's good.
,Recommended,327860,12645019,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,AdSt86,"If you like survival games with beautiful places, large areas exploration, fishing, hunting and some combat, definitely buy this awesome masterpiece of the gaming creation art! You can explore an entire world with sea and islands, searching for resources, food and a way to go home, but while you walk across the game's rich landscapes, you will occasionally encounter some pirates.I downloaded the demo only to evaluate the game, but when I started to play it, I simply couldn't stop; I played it for many hours ininterruptly.I strongly reccomend this game! But when you play it, have in mind that this it is still in early access."
76561198050833063,Recommended,327860,12651586,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Rushin,"Awesome game! Super relaxing, the sense of a vast, living world and you as a little speck really come to life here. The merchant is a cheat though."
,Recommended,327860,30630006,Posted: 19 March,all,Sente,The atmosphere alone is enough to give this game a positive rating.
,Recommended,327860,23822084,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Vionic,"One day I was sitting in the steam summer sale home page and randomly thought that I just needed a relaxing game where I can sail wherever I want and do pretty much whatever. After browsing through a few games I ran across Salt, and by looking at the screenshots I was instantly reminded of the Wind Waker art style. The game seemed to have good feedback so far in it's early access stage so I purchased it.This game is pretty good so far.I have not mastered the combat, so, so far the only thing that isn't relaxing about this game is when I have to fight two pirates at once. The 3 or 4 times I have been put in this situation I die.Other than that I definitely look forward to Online Multiplayer being implemented, as it is a game that I would really like to try out with friends or other people.7/10 it has a few issues here and there but they don't seem to hinder the gameplay in any way so oh well. This game shows some good promise."
76561198004865776,Recommended,327860,23851222,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,nal81,i quite enjoy this game
76561198077544526,Recommended,327860,15402297,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Mr Makke Last Lost Loose Brother,"This game is Awesome it have so much potential, and it is fun to play it with good ingame music on it, and this game have alot of stuff that make this eaven better sandox game."
76561198012644063,Recommended,327860,16362041,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Quagtine,"This is a very competent survival pirate sime with a great emphasis on sailing, in fact that's where most of the meat of the game seems to be.I like Salt, I really do though it definitely needs some love from the dev team. As of today June 13th 2015 it doesn't seem to have been updated for a few months and those have been patches only. The game needs some more content though it has more than it lets on hiding more items and boats behind an advanced crafting wall. I was about to leave the game after an hour until I found more advanced things. All in all this game looks to be very promising and I hope the team continue to make it better.NB. if you are looking for a game with beautiful graphics this game is not for you though it isn't ugly by any stretch of the imagination."
76561198178297133,Recommended,327860,14875778,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,achao987,One of the wonderful recent exploration/survival games
76561198057544907,Recommended,327860,14564931,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,CoolCody,An okay open-world game about fighting pirates and sailing. Some bosses thrown in as well.7/10 rating
,Recommended,327860,26982874,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BBWulf,"Such scurvy, very salty, much... relaxing, oddly enough."
,Recommended,327860,23953570,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Jasper Leon Cadan,What can i say i was looking for a game were i can explore island sin's there my favorite thing to explore and i found this the crafting is really interesting considering ya have to figer out it all until ya find books on island and on pirates with the recipes in them.The boats are very cool a little wired at first too but are fun to sail with especially when ya get the big pirate ship that i just found yesterday and start trying to navigate it XD and is the only thing you can use as a home that can be customize at the moment till they had crafting for houses and settlements.Combat is ok and fun a little dull but better then most early access games iv played and works well but needs just a little more optimizing to be even better.The sounds are just a bit repetitive but relaxing at the same time between the birds and the ocean.There's only really dear to hunt at the moment but they plane to add more in till then its just nice to have dear.Last but not least the art style of the game the water and the trees is very beautiful to me it very beautiful to look at and with a very practical pc with a I3 or higher with at least intell HD graphics 6000 or higher with it set on medium graphics at 800x600 with the other in-game settings up high it still looks very beautiful.So do i recommend this game to some 1 with the thrust for adventure and loves island exploration and open world survival.....YES I WOULD!!p.s if unsure still try out the demo of Salt that's available and see for your self.
76561198183653142,Recommended,327860,23620159,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,JESUS,THIS IS BYFAR THE BEST GAME I OWN i am a die hard boat fan and piracy fan. and this is acsaclty what i wanted from a game a moassive map boats i can walk around on and being able to make my own maps BEST GAME IN MY LIBARY BY FAR and thats saying something i have 144 game and one of them is fallout 4 so be proud lava boot BE PROUD
76561198249059876,Recommended,327860,21013009,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,( ACE) AngelxOfxChaosxxx,this game is great its a little slow starting off but its a explores dream game!!!
,Recommended,327860,29189395,Posted: 11 January,all,IVTH,"Got some refreshing music while sailing in the open ocean. Chill , relaxing game. 9/10"
76561198112600914,Recommended,327860,13949285,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,⛲άΏɖⲨ⛅,"......I wasn't too sure about Salt, as I love survival/explore/forage & 'wander-around' games. I just wasn't too sold on it's overall style. But jumping in and setting sail, I am so glad I did. Everything melds into a very enjoyable gaming experience...graphics, sound, play style...very nice........It's survival  with meditation :-)....very cool. Such a wonderful change from the 101 frantic zombie pulverizing games. It's like a retreat for hardcore survivalists to find & regenerate their inner peace....love it....Great game..big thumbs up :-)"
,Recommended,327860,16361091,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,UnmaskYourDesire,"What's a pirate's favorite food? Arrrrrtichokes.Ba dum tss!Salt is great game with lots of potential.  Exploration is awesome and rewarded. Hunting, fishing and combat is fun to do. UI and optimization is poor right now but I'm sure it will be fixed soon."
,Recommended,327860,24231520,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,DEALS,when it's night and you are alone on island and you hear weird noises look aroundBECAUSE I ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥ED IN MY PANTS WHEN I SAW ♥♥♥♥ING GIANT SPIDER
,Recommended,327860,23446529,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,RandomGiberish,This game is AWSOME and the devs are even better
,Recommended,327860,30470108,Posted: 12 March,all,- Kumlokk,"This game is good. Good relaxing game, sailing around, getting resources and stuff.One problem that i have seen is that the game is too bright in the day, maybe get a brightness setting please devs? <3Love this game <3"
76561198358338625,Recommended,327860,29978830,Posted: 16 February,all,Herbert Forlifeioso,"Arrrrr mateys.  Its too early for me to give a proper review, but for under 20 bones, its a beauty so far.Now shiver me timbers and walk the plank"
76561198085266189,Recommended,327860,16166251,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Fucking Allah,"This game is the only survival/exploration game other than minecraft that doesn't suck♥♥♥♥♥♥  It has a very cool idea behind it of just going out in the world fighting pirates and selling your goods to merchants (which I still havent found) but will at some point in my life and at some point theres a main story and side quests but i have yet to find anybody that doesn't want to kill me. I'm glad the people who made this game didn't try to make ""fancy"" graphics because every company who has made a survival game with fancy graphics has been♥♥♥♥♥♥and off track of its main goal. I give this game 8/10 it's a lot of fun to play but the game is badly optimized for the type of grapics it has and its a ♥♥♥♥♥ to find merchants unless im just really unlucky because I have not found one yet."
,Recommended,327860,14071791,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Cece | マスター,"i spawnedmade the boati sailedi rekt piratesi became a piratepirate simulator 2015 10/10i recommend this game, y"
,Recommended,327860,17698849,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Behemoth,"I Rarely Write Reviews, And im not Good writing reviews.But this game... Its Brilliant!  9/10  if it had MP it would be Perfect"
,Not Recommended,327860,28868653,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Dark Sky Empire,Well. I used to think it maybe a good game. But now I have changed my mind.Pros:- Beautiful scenery. Especially during the dawn and sunset.- The night sky is wonderful.- Use compass and sextant for navigation is an exciting thing.Cons:- Game often crash.- The kinds of craft materials are so limited.- Too few craft options.- Most of objects on the ground are decorations. The player can't cut trees or build a house.- The enemy AI is stupid. They will run straight to player or stuck in somewhere.- Many other bugs.
,Recommended,327860,33319763,Posted: 6 July,all,LeEnghi,"Definetly not worth 14.99, but still a good game incase you get bored"
76561198099280675,Recommended,327860,12545780,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Filthy Diarrhea,You owe it to yourself to experience this game for the price that it currently sits at.Dont miss out.
76561198062713530,Recommended,327860,12752788,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,snoarlacks,it salty
,Recommended,327860,14911076,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Tacoisnotkill,"I think this game would be amazing with multiplayer! It would be so fun to explore the islands, raid other pirates, and have long sailing sessions with your friends. The game is surprisingly fun overall, and I would rate this game 9/10. Add multiplayer, and it’d be a solid 10! ~Love, Bridget"
,Recommended,327860,13085887,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,TACdestruktokid,"This is a great game with tons of potential. The greatest thing and favorite item in the game is the open world. It may be long, but there are always ways to adventure. I give this a thumbs up definitely."
76561197999147137,Recommended,327860,13039663,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,I never asked for this.,This is a game with a very big potenitial. Strongly recommended.
,Not Recommended,327860,35379353,Posted: 1 October,all,Dozenbeer,"I absolutely cant understand the very positive rating. Salt comes off as one of these quickly put together unity example games, to show you how your first survival game might look like.Pros:+ I was thinking way too long for any positives....there is nothing worth mentioningCons:- the graphics look bare bones, I knew that from the screenshots before of course, but ingame it comes off even more bland- the world is bland and boring, every island you visit feels the same, there might be the occasional hut or a ruin, but thats it, its boring- for a game that revolves around water so much, the ocean is completely empty.....no flora and fauna whatsoever- crafting is a big thing in survival games and yet again this game is god awful in that aspect, you cant gather wood with tools you have to collect wood off the ground which goes against every survival instinct and the wood is rare to find, at least in my playtime I encountered almost none of it, there are multiple stone types you can collect and the one that is used in most recipes, is the most rare one......even for basic things like arrows or a campfire you cant find the ingredients...or at least its way too frustrating- combat is a joke, you literally just stand with a pirate and hit then block, hit then block and exchange that in a slow comedic way.....- the sailing is not fun at all, it only draggs out the game by a lot. The ocean water is completely flat, there are no waves to battle or manouver around storms or something like that, its like sailing in a big hotel swimming pool- there is no real need for a food meter, as it doesnt add anything to the game, is this a survival game? Yes? then why cant I chop down trees to make a fire. Is it an exploration game? Okay, then why keep me busy instead with hunger.....- there are quests in the game, but I would hardly call them quests as they are so mondane and boring- everything is presented to you in text form, you find books and literally have to read like 4 pages of a book to get some quest information, I didnt like that at all, I dont mind reading, but here it was way too often and way too longDont tell me this is just an early access game and its going to get better. Salt is in early access since 2014, the boring and bland core gameplay is not going to change. I dont know why people would put hundreds of hours in this game, when there are so many better survival/exploration games out there.Subnautica costs 5 bucks more and is so much better and richer in gameplay. Cant recommend Salt at all."
,Recommended,327860,25812352,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,kawaiigaythug,pepper
,Not Recommended,327860,29412942,Posted: 21 January,all,Sunlis,"Concept has potential, but the game falls short. Might be one to keep an eye on, though."
,Recommended,327860,22341209,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Kioya,Really fun game has its own originality too it I'd reccomend buying this if you enjoy a earthporn cause god knows i ♥♥♥♥ing LOVE IT
76561198023063303,Recommended,327860,12851089,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,✠Anzio✠,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is one of the best i have ever played its everything you want in a relaxing game
,Recommended,327860,23526349,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,zooomieny,"For an early access game, I was expecting very little to be offered. However, this game gives the player so much to do. As you can see (at least when I wrote this review) I have already clocked in about 2 hours of actualy gameplay and as of now I must say that the game works great. It's very colorful and pretty looking which is always a plus when it comes to games like these. Now at the moment I have very little to say about the game but over time I will update this review.(NOTE: I am not the best at writing a ""detailed review"" but I will try my best as time goes on)"
76561197988129966,Recommended,327860,30353726,Posted: 6 March,all,Bosco,"Here is my first look video if you was wondering what this game is all about. I’ve put a few hours into this game and can safely say that it is fun, relaxing and very beautiful. the simplistic art style is not for everyone’s taste, but underneath for early access lies so far a very accomplished game. lots of well thought out mechanics and systems. hope the video helps.https://youtu.be/mxARN_VGQa8"
76561197972252555,Recommended,327860,12626683,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Edward Teach,love it
76561198037542851,Recommended,327860,18868316,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,ozarkkansan,"I am giving this a positive review but just barely.  Honestly its about 15 years too late to be considered really good, instead it lands full on OK.  I does hold some promise and there should be some improvements coming along. But as it is. its ho hum. I got this, tried it a bit then found Ark survival evolved which is loads better. and I haven't looked back.None the less to imply it is a sucky game would be wrong,  So it gets a 6/10 from me."
76561198036862927,Recommended,327860,13030236,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,*| Doom |*,"If you want to sail the sea and explore the open world its great but remember there are other people that want the richs too (AKA pirates)Things i would love to see would be1)Boat Battling (Boarding,Sinking,etc)thats all can think of thats not already planedIn all what i give this game at this time 9/10"
,Recommended,327860,16360950,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Niko,"7/10this review is coming from someone who dosent enjoy most survival games. also i dont really recommend this game but theres no neutral optionthis game is really fun and its really cool how you can explore the whole world. BUT for me personally it got boring about an hour in. i had no idea what to do. no goal. its amazing for an early access game but its lacking in content,so here some ideas! add biomes or types of islands like lets say some islands will be inaccessable because of rocks all around the coast. or another island will be dead with no plant life how about some GIANT islands?. maybe add more animals like turtles and crabs or monkeys. how about large islands with towns and merchents and people. im pretty sure theyre planing on this allready but just in case there not add fish and sharks.tl:dr so far one of the best games on early access but it dosent have much to do. i got bored about an hour in."
,Recommended,327860,12962944,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,{-o-} Gimmic,"Having been burned by Early Access games in the past I was hesitant to buy into Salt. Making a freely available demo is probably one of the smartest moves I've seen in a while from a small developer, as experiencing the gameplay turned my 'maybe' into a sale.The developers are incredibly responsive within the Steam discussion forum and listen to player input and suggestions. They do not seem to be trying to cash in and genuinely want to make a fun game for people to play. I wish more developers would follow in their style.As far as the gameplay, it's a 'light' survival game with great colors and scenery. Sailing is an element which in my opinion is underutilized and the random generation of islands provides great potential.'Great Potential' is essentially how I would summarize this game currently. Since the world is randomly generated from a seed it can be rather expansive but right now content and gameplay components may be found to be somewhat thin. I feel this is due to the true 'early access' nature of the title as new content comes with nearly every patch.If you're curious at all about a survival and exploration game set in a beautiful environment, check out the demo. Check out the discussion forums. I suspect you'll purchase once you experience a taste of Salt."
76561198037006295,Recommended,327860,12869532,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Magnanimous,"First off, this game is beautiful. It is smooth and well polished, even in the UI. The sun/moon and lighting effects are stunning. That being said, it seems to me that at the moment it's very lacking in content. Worth playing? Without a doubt if devolpment continues."
,Recommended,327860,20023957,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Zamin24,"-Started the game-Opened Chest-Got sword-Built a boat-Went to an island-Looked for hardwood-Giant spider came out of no where-We 1v1ed-I got sherktI r8 8/8 m8Would play again.Real Review:I highly recommend this game for the art-style gameplay this game clearly displays, for the creativity energy that went into this game to make it so well done, for the well crafted crafting system; you see what I did their? Ha! Funny right? For the developers absolute thoughts of the fans, for the nice crisp clear GUI/hub, for the fantastic soundtrack, and most of all, the constant development to strave too add better systems, upgrades, new ideas. SO after reading all of this, I used ""for the"" a lot, but overall I got my main point out. This game is incredibly, I plan on sitting down with a nice cold Coke on my desk and just relax playing this game."
,Recommended,327860,19589440,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Troony,"I spawn in,Walk around an island and collect some logs,Wonder if i can swim over water,thinking i might drown floats over to another island,Crafts a club,Starts hitting little blocks of stone with my club,Finds a tall stone that i could apparently hit,fires into the air and can see whole map.Dies after coliding with ground.11/10 would fire into air again."
76561198000675114,Recommended,327860,27793740,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Onion Rings,Look for the giant pirate ship.
76561198040035897,Recommended,327860,18868431,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Cats Eye Doom,"I love the fresh and exciting feel of having the ocean to explore! The empahsis on adventure is very rewarding and has kept me playing for hours at a time. There are monsters to fight, pirates to kill, and ships to unlock and discover! It is so much fun and if you are down for anything slow paced but at the same time exciting, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,327860,27721758,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Barry Maclary,10/10
,Recommended,327860,24730673,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Ｐｅｔｅｒ •  Ｍｏｎ,Great Game. Should have multiplayer though #Feck
,Recommended,327860,14409448,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,ravenzire,One of the most relaxing and genuinely fun exploration games I've ever played.
76561198118615663,Recommended,327860,19454734,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Drakmannen005,"So, Salt. Salt is simply put, amazing. If you haven't already bought this game you are missing out. the world is infinate and even in early access, it's just incredible. I must say I really enjoy the soundtracks and gameplay. certain 10/10 from me."
76561198071139624,Recommended,327860,13074762,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Reedus,"This is one the best up and coming games I've played. It has so much potential and the devs listen to suggestions and are very active in the community. It's a sandbox, total exploration game with weekly updates. I would highly recommend getting in on this game early and watching it grow."
,Recommended,327860,12928335,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,WhiteRabbit,"This is a very enjoyable exploration/survival game, I can't wait for multiplayer to be released.The graphics may be a bit cartoonish but in my opinion they seem great to add an atmospheric touch.  I love the music, and I agree with others who say that sunset and sunrise are amazing.I like the moon phasing and the fact that it has its own cycle that osn't dependant on the sun, I hope in a future release it will have a purpose."
,Recommended,327860,30388835,Posted: 8 March,all,RATS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,"I do enjoy Salt a lot, but I despise how crippled the combat is. Pirates, the first things you run across, can ruin your life at sonic speeds and they inhabit any islands worth visiting.The rest of the premise is great, but if you're going to make combat prominent, then don't hamstring it. It's one of those titles that I wouldn't recommend or not recoment. One of those 'eh, in the middle' titles. That being said, I do believe that one day, it'll be really good."
76561198004985343,Recommended,327860,17717721,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Roland,"Great game. Really scratches the exploration itch. There is some basic survival gameplay to this but it is mostly about exploring and discovering new islands and the treasures they may hold and completing quests for NPCs all the while crafting better boats, armor, and weapons with the loot you find.Exploration 11/10 (This is why you buy the game!)Crafting 8/10 (Its about as good as any other list based crafting system)Fighting 7/10 ( Good but could be better)Hunting/Fishing 7/10 (Good but could be better)Survival 4/10 (Hunger is very superficial. No thirst. No exposure to elements. You can be killed by NPCs)Mining 3/10 (Superficial. Hit specified rocks and dig in specified places.)Building 0/10 (No base building mechanics in the game. Your ship is your base and it is crafted from a list like everything else and not really built)Play the demo for free and you are sure to pay for the full experience. It is piratey good fun in its present form and hopefully the weaker elements will improve over time."
,Recommended,327860,16383013,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Dr.Greenthumb,"it is a good game but there is not so much to do ( a questhere a quest there ) an yes drive from island to island is sometimes very boring but in my opinion this is what makes the game so special and i dont think that it is bad to drive boad for long time, and it would be gread if you can cook food and it would be also gread if there where more wildlife but it is a realy gread game10/10Ps: it is still early access so i think there still will be new content"
,Recommended,327860,24038695,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,♔SikRockstarr™,"My Salt experience so farWoke up on deserted islandLooked around and gathered materialsBuilt a raftSailed to another islandFound pirates, and slayed them allHunted a deer for foodFound the pirate captain, proceeded to sneak attack himGot rekt, died, and respawned on deserted island10/10 would wake up on deserted island again"
,Recommended,327860,23410981,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,tucker.sandin,"pretty good but after a while dot boring.  But good none the less, I just got bored after a while."
76561198068822702,Recommended,327860,15567354,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,PEPSI GRENADE,awesomewoke up on an island.foraged for 2 days looking for wood.made a boat.sailed the boat towards a island with smoke signals.was attacked by pirates.killed everyone.found a bigger boat.killed a huge spider.and went on doing more awesome stuff.10/10
,Recommended,327860,15047799,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Skedar,"After impulsively buying and playing this game, It looks like it has the potential to becoming an excellent ♥♥♥♥ing game.In its simplest form, Salt throws you into a water abundant world full of scattered islands inhabited by Pirates and various Flora and Fauna. You'll find yourself darting island to island Gathering, Looting and Killing to upgrade your Tools, Weapons and Armor. The game does get somewhat repettitive (from what ive played of the game) but grinding up to cool new weapons and rare armor works as a neat incentive.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Positives: 1: Sailing. Big boat or small, manning a ship and sailing it island to island is amazing. Not to mention sprintingand jumping off your ships deck onto an island and charging into a pirate camp with your ship fullmast, sailing into the distance, is even more amazing.2: Customisable Ships. With smaller ships you can throw some torches for extra light, or storage crates. Forbigger ships you can put up weapon plaques, chests, fire pits and even a bed.3: Armor/Tools/Weapons. There are an expansive variety of different armors, tools and weapons, all withdifferent uses and buffs to suit what you want. Most noticable are armor setbonuses that can give out extra sailing or movment speeds.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Negatives: 1: 'Boat Menu'. As you work throught the game there are several different vessels you can craft, howeverwhen you eventually craft a boat its saved to your 'Boat Menu'. After that, they pretty muchwork as summonable mounts, useable at any time. Allthough its not a major issue, I feel like itbreaks the immersion of the game.2: No death penalty. From what i've seen, theres no real death penalty with a regular playthrough and withthe mentioned Boat Menu theres no real detterant to staying alive.  There is a Hardcoresetting for this game, so for now it has some optional difficulty curve.3:Bottomless Inventory. Once again, as far as i've played there is no restrictions to how many items you cancarry. Besides the point of having too much ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t clogging up your inventory,the storage crates and chests and not much use.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Expectations: 1: Misc Customisation. I would love to be able to stick down flagposts with a sigil and colors that i'vepicked out to represent my character, More of a finished product thing, but wouldstill be great.2: Additional Fauna: Im enjoying hunting down deer with my bow and arrow, though it would be nice to seesome other smaller or larger game to hunt.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Almost all my points are subject to change at this point in time, but I strongly urge people to give it a go. Its not too badfor $15.00 and it will be great to see some of the additions and alterations they make in later patches.- Skedar"
76561198072831312,Recommended,327860,26007267,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,ErmIne,"Probably one of my favorite games of all time. Its definetly not for people with a short attention span, but this game can be terrifying and beautiful at the same time; so  if you like sailing and exploring than you will love this game.My only problem with this game is that it gets repetitave over time. It used to be you could explore 20 islands and around two of them would be  treasure islands; which got really old over time. That being said there are more new islands now, and the game is still being updated. all in all its a very relaxing game that will make time pass faster than you would think."
,Recommended,327860,12959213,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Reichsführer 柠檬-ちゃん,"Extraordinarily poor performance on my system, but if you have the magical specifications necessary to run this I would imagine it would be quite nice."
76561198007380040,Recommended,327860,13011975,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,jagodown,Its like windwaker but survival. Love it!
76561198059502502,Recommended,327860,12641674,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,nitzoo27,"This isn't a long review because im waiting for the moon to come out so i can navigate to another island after wasting lots of arrows trying to hunt some dear, but i managed to get some prestine deer meat so it was worth it! Well all i can say is try the demo and i hope you like this awesome game:D"
76561198202352001,Recommended,327860,35317074,Posted: 29 September,all,ScottSwags 7,"So most of my friends are always telling me to stop playing that piece of crap, Salt. But That's a bunch of Bullcrap! This Game Is in my top 3 games of all time! I love this game so much that I despise the people that talk trash about this game."
,Recommended,327860,14754847,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,g1real,"Don't be put off too much by the horrendous graphics of Salt, it has a lot going for it. It even has some longer term goals to achieve.Salt is definitely a much more fleshed out survival game than other early access games out there, it has a lot of items and doesn't limit its gameplay with realistic constraints.Unfortunately, any real further character development gets cut short after some 10 hours. While there's still things to do it is stretched too far, too thin, and the base gameplay does eventually get tiresome - Why can't I just cut down a bunch of trees for my logs? Why can't I build a mansion with the gajillion stone I have?"
76561198246879214,Recommended,327860,23282403,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,SPANISH SPACE FAG,This game is fun as but it gets a bit lagy when I go near buildings or islands with buildings for that matter but 8/10 needs more boats like Heep's more and moving pirate ships that attack you with cannons
76561198159685733,Recommended,327860,22961583,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,AMagicalBear,With the new update you really feel like you are an explorer :D
76561197981004817,Recommended,327860,17164092,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Avery,"Very fun and relaxing game. Sail the seas and kill some pirates, what more could you ask for?"
,Recommended,327860,17166823,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,ᚡᛁ᛫ᛋᛏᚨᚾᛞᛖᚾ,"This game is so good it got me to buy a little notebook where I record the day's events, locales, sketches of npcs I meet and captains I kill as well as location coordinates.I've never felt a more fluid immersion than when playing this game, it's so drop in drop out simple at current build. I'm already dreaming of ideas of where I'd like to see it taken, but right now it's a simple game about childlike exploration, killing pirates, taking their muffins, catching fish, decorating your ship, and getting launched 50 feet into the air whenever there's a physics collision ♥♥♥♥ up.Buy ittttttttttt"
,Recommended,327860,17339261,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,MrPapaya,"games realy fun and interesting and not many bugs for an early acces game, multiplayer would be awsome that would make everything 2x better"
,Recommended,327860,17560095,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,RedSilencer,"Addicting, charming, immersive little game. I'm happy I bought it and I encourage everybody who enjoys the classic survival games to give it a shot!"
76561198147466946,Recommended,327860,17605673,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Tron1204,"Fun game! Its a good adventuring game but i would like to build a house and be able to live on a island. Plus, could you plz add a map that will actually show you where you are and surrounding islands? if you could, tht would be EPIC!!!! but i still love the game!"
76561198143703493,Recommended,327860,17834940,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,peterironfist21,"Salt is a really cool game with a great concept , that being said I've played nearly 10 hours and haven't seen any pirate ships , ruins and nothing more than the common tree house and campfire. The only type of quests I've seen is treasure hunting and one animal hunting quest.Maybe I haven't played enough , but I really wish that the cool stuff would be at least a bit less rare. However it's still a great game that I would recommend."
76561198114477193,Recommended,327860,13765720,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Hidetaka Miyazaki,Amazing game 10/10
76561198103431330,Recommended,327860,18128202,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Fun Fact Filibuster,"A gem in the survival genre. You find yourself waking on a deserted island. Search that island well, for you need the few things that it will provide. Construct a raft, and sail to another island. Explore that island, etc.Salt is completely playable in its current state. There is a lack of instruction, but you can find that with a quick google search. I really like driving the boats in the water. The simple mechanics being used make this game even better.I am really looking forward to seeing the completed project."
76561198080825984,Recommended,327860,23900394,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,ϟ ϟ NICE THIJS ϟ ϟ,"This game is so much fun,just smacking some silly pirate in the face makes this game worth it.haven't ran into bugs yet, the FPS seems kinda low at some points but 95% of the time it's good"
76561198151617743,Recommended,327860,24036212,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,ElderGear,Amazing game so far. Going to put it on hold until the multiplayer becomes a thing
,Recommended,327860,28807712,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,GenPepper,Fun. Salty.
,Recommended,327860,29287709,Posted: 15 January,all,Spook✔,"Tons of potential, just lacks immersive content and multiplayerBottom line: buy it"
,Recommended,327860,28164961,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,rene.schickbauer,"Very nice game. Except for some small visual glitches, it works perfectly on Linux."
,Recommended,327860,25829276,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,billythewraith,"Great so far, really great! Cannot wait until multiplayer released!"
76561198046058452,Recommended,327860,31208904,Posted: 17 April,all,Gub,Stunning.
,Recommended,327860,31384963,Posted: 26 April,all,CanadianPanda,A fun game that you can come back to at anytime :)
,Recommended,327860,14827333,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Gnarsies,"A more relaxing take on the survival/exploration genre (Leaning heavily on exploration rather than survival). It's easier than I would like it to be, with death being extremely rare, and hunger doesn't kill you slowly as much as it just makes your stamina regenerate at a slower rate, but nontheless is a very fun game. In otherwords, you don't prioritize survival as much as finding new places."
,Recommended,327860,14114956,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Woobie♠,"I saw this on early access a few months ago, got the demo, was hooked instantly.10/10 would reccomend"
,Recommended,327860,13339682,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,IzoKoga,"Good game sails yup, sail game good"
,Recommended,327860,13774537,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,FidoAnswers,its a great game but it need multiplayer
,Recommended,327860,19158602,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Gear,"left him for about 15 minutes himself , crashed into a big boat  near an island , the boat was empty , saw about 6 people on the island , decided to sneak round them and pick them off with a bow an arrow one by one , needless to say i died , 10 out of 10 , this game is awesome"
,Recommended,327860,19122352,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Mel The Menace,It's pretty relaxing and interesting.
,Recommended,327860,24065848,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Sweet Essence,"My kind of game. Survival, exploration, open world. It's pleasing. There is a lot to explore. The only thing I don't like is that there's no map showing where you are! I dislike the current map system where you have to plot the landmarks yourself. I guess that's just how the gameplay is suppose to be though. It makes it difficult to travel. The world is so big and kind of empty. The islands are all so simple and plain (might be a good or bad thing). After a while it just becomes tedious since there's nothing there. I wish we could build our own house or base, but I understand this is suppose to be an exploration game constantly moving around. The enemies are decent. Also, the quests are okay, a little difficult to track. Looking forward to more content, goals and material.Overall, it's relly good right and I really like it! Simple, relaxing, open. Hoping more updates to come with more things to do and build."
,Not Recommended,327860,28721032,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Night,"In the past 5 months since I last reviewed this game, things havent really changed. There have been progress logs on multiplayer, one update, and a log on another update. None of those two updates are really what people asked for. The developers have increased wave size, added treasure and sea treasure and also a couple NPCs.People have asked time and time again for NPC ships, base building, new ships, and a better reason for the merchants to be on random islands by them selves. None of those things have been mentioned by them.Dont get me started on how boring this game gets without a goal. I enjoy exploration games that have a goal and Salt just has none. The wood is pointless as you cant build bases or get a new ship past the Small Sailboat unless you find the Pirate ship, but unless youre on a default seed youre never gonna find it.I have played 2 hours just going around the ocean trying to find the pirate ship to no yield.Right now this game isnt really worth your time.3/10"
,Not Recommended,327860,20652601,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,beige charlie,When you progress further into the game theres probably pirates on the island. Whats bad about this is that the combat is impossible. Blocking doesnt negate all damage which is ridiculous. Pirates do too much damage. Pirates are faster than you.  They take tiny amounts of damage. And they can attack you on your ship. This game is litteraly unplayable
,Recommended,327860,32099901,Posted: 31 May,all,Δ Ł Ξ X,"It's like a better Assassin's Creed Black Flag, this game has been out for nearly 3 years and somehow the game Salt And Sanctuary has more reviews and more players. This is the better game with the word Salt in it by the way."
,Recommended,327860,32268883,Posted: 8 June,all,MrClark,Good game waiting for multiplayer
,Recommended,327860,16406054,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Pure_Distilled_Edge,"there are few things more attractive in a developing game than all of the possibility this game has.when i first bought this game and played it my first thought was this: pirate mincrafte clone, so i marked it off as unoriginal and stopped playing it, however i should have played it more. because when i got back to it and actually gave it a chance i loved it."
,Recommended,327860,20472747,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Hyde,GG
76561198169561193,Recommended,327860,20445661,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,monkeyboyo4,Good game good game 10/10
,Recommended,327860,34544596,Posted: 27 August,all,z0mb13k1ll,Liove this game! 6 hours in and i finally just got myself an old pirate ship! gonna sail the high seas to my hearts content
76561198074523181,Recommended,327860,15017752,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Shadow,"This game is perfection. While at first glance it might seem a little shallow and repetetive, if you put a little time in to it you will find expansive and varying environments dispite the fact that the world is procedurally generated, with a fully fleshed out crafting system, traders, ship progression and customization, varying enemy types and a large quantity if craftible gear and weapons to dispatch your enemys in brutal fashion! This game is a very compelling entry into a in my opinion criminally unexplored genre. And to top it off the procedural generation gives you a literally infinitely large world to explore and given a chance this game will immerse you for hours on end."
76561198150611226,Recommended,327860,16347962,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,thepheonixsage,"I've put a little bit of time into the game, but I can easily say this game is sure to become great after the full release. There are very few bugs that I've run into as far as I've played and it's a great game to play for a peaceful adventure (until you encounter some pirate).  I would definitely recommend this game to someone like me who enjoys adventure, open world, or survival games."
76561197980875016,Recommended,327860,26062355,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Chaz,"I have played it for 5 plus hours and it gets better all the time. When you die you won't lose your inventory and I like that. It appears to be a vast open world and killing pirates and hunting deer have been entertaining. The graphics are enough to make the world go round and sounds are pretty good. I like the different twist on crafting because I'm not a huge fan of it in my games. Crafting does serve it's purpose and you will need to do it. I will recommend this title and it's currently worth the early access price. I must get some rest so when I awake I will ignore my chores and play more of this game. Have fun and enjoy, I know I will."
76561198013654857,Recommended,327860,26096305,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,GodsGunman,"No matter how many games come and go, Salt is always here for when I just want to take a break from the competitive multiplayer mindset. Relax, and enjoy."
76561198086840628,Recommended,327860,26347269,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Twobax ]223[,"Great game very relaxing most of the time, heart pounding at other times, great soundtrack, if you like pirates and sailing the ocean and explorering never before seen lands and fishing. buy this game theyre adding multiplayer soon as well it should be fun, looking forward to it"
76561198144302029,Recommended,327860,26081321,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Skystrike,it'sa fun game i have played alot and a still sometime get on and have a relaxing adventure through salt. but what would make this game beter is ship battles.But in the end the game is a realy good game don't forget to thank the developes for the cool content.I would rate this game 8/10
76561198016583722,Recommended,327860,13241201,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Daddy Coyote: Snuggle master,"i love this game, but, out of everything in this, the sailing on the rolling waves is what gets me."
76561197971692751,Recommended,327860,28774116,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Delle(DK),"Interesting exploration game.You start the game on your home island, where you can find a few resources and sail away on your little raft to distanc islands you can see in the horisont..The game is quite nice, and the sailing is relaxing and a nice experience, though I look very much forward exchanging my little raft with the big ship someday ( a long time away it require so many resources ).But as you visit island again and again you find various resources from rock to shooting down apples from the tree with your bow and arrow. You will also encounter pirates you can kill and traders that can sell you important things such as a navigation machine so you with 100 gurantee can mark your new island on the map and navigate much more easy. You see in the start you really have nothing not even a compass.Along the way you will also be able to hunt wildlife and get different quest.The game is in early access and so far it look pretty good but hope there will be much more content in the future.All in all a nice ""little"" open world game.I would say get the game on sale."
76561198002189495,Recommended,327860,13583101,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,rovaira2,"This game is amazing. This is an endless adventure. Crafting, an endless ocean (to my understanding) with tons of islands, the sunrise and sunsets are amazing, the islands look different, different resources, pirates, etc. I'm looking forward to this developing, but this definitely a game to pick up even while it's being developed. You can download the demo for free to play around a bit as well."
,Recommended,327860,18518287,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Braxt,Easily one of the best indie games for its money. Very fun.
,Recommended,327860,34139486,Posted: 9 August,all,Clay Pigeon,"I've put several dozen hours into Salt, and I'm still hard pressed to say why I like it. I guess there's just something deeply compelling about its cycles of presence and absence. It's a game of lush islands separated by vast expanses of blue, of intense action separated by hours of stillness, of gorgeous musical vignettes separated by long, lonely stretches of ambient quiet. It sounds dull (and it can be at times) but it fosters a sense of anticipation you rarely get in modern games. When you add that to its masterfully realized sense of place, its enormous scale, and its weird, wonky beauty, you end up with a game that's pretty epic."
,Recommended,327860,34174254,Posted: 11 August,all,KillerFight,"very fun, chill exploration game. hoping they add VR at some point"
,Recommended,327860,18795633,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,damonrl,"Very fun game, 62 hrs of play and I still haven't figured everything out.  Nice"
,Recommended,327860,18848967,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Rampantlion513,"It's a really, really good game (required you have the patience to build a few boats and scavenge a lot) at times. Only real issue I've had is with the optimization."
,Recommended,327860,35168906,Posted: 23 September,all,-Toxic-Shadow,The game is okay. It needs a better way to navigate the world. You should also be able to see the islands on the map. The compass needs to move as your character does and right now it is just a static image and only the pointer moves.
,Not Recommended,327860,34846460,Posted: 9 September,all,OPness,"It's like someone took all the depth and art out of Legend of Zelda Windwaker and replaced it with basic crafting and okay FPS mechanics. I think I honestly enjoyed watching lets plays of this game more than I enjoyed playing it, because I found the hunt for logs tedius and staying fed more difficult than I expected, maybe its because the bow mechanics felt a bit wonky and I couldn't kill dear all that effectively.Overall its a peaceful and beautiful world that, like many of these island sims, still lacks depth. If the game had co-op I would see it being a lot more fun, running around with a friend, clubbing pirates for their booty. But as it stands, to me, the game feels empty and a lil lonely. If I could give this a see for yourself I would because the price is good, and the visuals are good, but since I'm forced to take a hard stance, I'm not so much going to say ""DON'T PLAY THIS GAME, "" but I will instead recommend checking out the HD remake of of Windwaker if you have a WII U. That game has gorgous cell shading, and island after handcrafted island thats interesting to explore and really cool bosses, instead of what you get with this game... Islands, many of which are really similar in appearance and combat/survival mechanics that don't feel balanced yet.Hopefully more will be added, escpecially in terms of cool bosses, but I' m not 100% educated on the world generation, so IDK if thats even a viable option, or if all that effort will be literally lost at sea to most players."
76561198152193127,Recommended,327860,18267577,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Drachmor,"This is a great little game to mess around with, but it's not quite there yet. It'd be nice if this game had a larger variety of game-changing mechanics, but for now it's just exploration and the progressive upgrading of your equipment. Still, there is a lot more content to come, and honestly, I would still recommend this game in this early stage. Definately an enjoyable 11 hours of my life, but I found it eventually grew a little tedious.8/10"
,Recommended,327860,28881304,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,TheGingerbreadMan,Really good game only real downside is no multiplayer but meh
,Recommended,327860,33251257,Posted: 4 July,all,WarmTummyRubs,This is my first steam review so bare with me.Good game.
76561198048161334,Recommended,327860,25163923,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,mrgreen9705,One of the best games to play under the influence.
76561198101864759,Recommended,327860,14288152,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Mister Wurm,what is a good seed for salt plus for devs if you look at this(you probely will not) what if here where a more useful structure (player made) like a dock or something it help keep track of ships
,Recommended,327860,23728883,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Ｓ Ａ Ｍ Ｕ Ｒ Ａ Ｉ,"Pretty good game, i'm gonna wait until there's more content though. Possibly multiplayer??"
,Recommended,327860,17748830,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Alshain,"It's a pretty good game, it's fun, beautiful, and well polished and in terms of bugginess it doesn't have all that many at all.  It only suffers from a lack of content AT THIS TIME.  It is early access, so I don't expect that to continue, but don't anticipate a whole great number of hours spent on it if you choose to buy it now.  Depending on your binge levels, you can probably have all the best armor and ships in a day, and even do quite a bit of decorating your cabin.  If you can accept that, then I reccomend it!"
,Recommended,327860,19348059,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Sedrik,Please add Multiplayer and a console to cheat things. :) and very nice game.
76561198096703832,Recommended,327860,17514152,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,sirbeefswaggerton,great game
,Recommended,327860,15440211,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Comrade shinther,THIS... WITH OUT A DOUDT... IS ONE OF THE BEST SURVIVAL GAMES EVER MADEProsexcellent soundtrack and designgood combatbeautiful graphicsamazing worldconsabsolutley no cons... no jokes here.                                                                           10/10 sail rafts
76561198037277954,Recommended,327860,20674385,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,ig83,Love it
,Recommended,327860,34246318,Posted: 14 August,all,Galdaran,"This is one of the most beautiful, enjoyable and pleasant open worlds I ever played.I played the version 1.8.0 before, and now I'm progressing through v. 1.9.5 . The developers have added many new features and improved a lot the visuals of the islands and NPCs. Even without the soon-to-be-implemented clouds, the skydome is amazing. The sunrise and sunsets are breath-taking, and also is the night sky full of stars. To my surprise, the game has included tides, working synchronously with moon phases. I must say that, as someone from Brazil, and now living abroad, this game truly makes me fell at home somethings. Specially when contemplating distant islands from beachs during the sunsets.With new lore flashed out through books, enemies, dialogs and events the randomly generated worlds of salt seems much more consistent now. The developer have also added new items and bosses, which keep making you wish to explorer outward.For future updates, I wish that the islands get more populated and the NPCs acting more lively. I'm eager to see other boats trading from island to island, even if they are just following a programmed track. I'd also like to find actual villages or cities of friendly NPCS; different tribes (firendly or hostile) with languages we must decipher to comunicate.Likewise, I hope that oceans also get more populated with sharks, whales, storms and currents.Besides all updates we're still going to get in the future, I already recomend it for anyone as a very good game the way it now is."
76561198017896830,Recommended,327860,22279818,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,SARGE425,Love this game so peaceful and fun like minecraft with boats
,Recommended,327860,13313866,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,TheRealCelticBatman,"It is still very new, and early, but it is a world to explore...  But be careful!  Dangers await on land and sea, and of course don't forget to survive!And look!  NO ZOMBIES!  Can you believe it? A survival game without zombies! :07/10 with lots of potential to go much higher."
,Recommended,327860,13100778,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Porowns,"Current Impression (9 hours in) : Amazing game so far. Actually has the core element of most survival games : figuring it out for yourself. It's not a big game, so there isn't a wiki full of information on it. You have to learn your way through the books and survival guides that pirates drop ingame. Already worked my way up from a raft to a large pirate ship (one sail), and I'm island hopping trying to get pieces for the ""PardonPusher"". Great experience so far, awesome adventure."
76561198155771248,Recommended,327860,23942478,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,ThatGuyFromThatPlace,"This game is really good in concept but due to the fact that it isn't finished, it has quite a few problems, mainly being the AI and combat.The AI is smart, they patrol, react properly to being shot by an arrow (Freak out at first then look for the source, then run to their friends if they can't find the source), and go and find their friends when they need help during combat. But that is when they aren't in combat with you. When they are in combat... It's a different story. They blindly charge at you, swinging their weapon every time they get into range (They do stop charging when in range), which gets really f**king annoying with multiple enemies. Additionally blocking with your sword not only drains stamina but also drains a small amount of health. This would be fine, if the dodging mechanic wasn't literally just jumping sideways or backwards and losing stamina as opposed to the forward jump which doesn't drain stamina. This game will be good if the developers fix the combat and add multiplayer. The developers also seem to think this game is going to be a mainly single player focused game with multiplayer being the last thing they add in and patch up, which is beyond stupid, because the entire time I am playing this I, not once thought ""Man this is a great singleplayer game"" no, I though, ""man this game would be f**king awesome with friends, sailing around, getting into ship battles, raiding pirate camps with a huge crew of my friends as the crew, walking around on the deck, and doing whatever the hell they feel like.Other than the stupidly high focus on singleplayer and the brain dead combat AI and lackluster combat system this game is amazing and it lives up to everything the developers are advertising."
,Recommended,327860,22802682,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,-Plinko,Is k.... found it to be too easy though. Other than that it is a calm open world game
,Recommended,327860,17408879,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Frost,"Early access, not even once"
76561198236826858,Recommended,327860,17304604,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,kiefer24mw2,"This game is actually really cute.  You bump into lots of Salt everywhere you look, it's all over the place.  Salt on the beaches, salt on the water or in the water, salt on the craft raft, salt in the air, and salt in your hair.  Salt in places you'd just never care!I like that this game is very simple and relaxing to play, sometimes I enjoy playing the game without wearing any pants.  I'm speaking for myself sitting on the couch, not my character.  So far I don't know if he has found pants yet either.  So if you think about it we could coexist in some sort of parallel universe and never even possess the realization of this uncanny miracle.Once you craft the basic things you need to explore and defend yourself it's pretty relaxing and cool to play.  I don't like to fight the lego looking pirates without getting at least 1 shot off with the bow.  They grunt like my former college roommate when he used have sex with tank♥♥♥♥♥the redhead with a huge butt that resembled a shelf.  you could place decorations or plants on that thing.  it was non structural but it was load bearing enough to handle light storage.The part of the game that makes me ornery is the raft placement and steering, this thing just doesn't cooperate at 1st.  Even at sea it's very tricky and sensitive.  It reminds me of Tom Hanks in BIG.  He was very lost at the time and upset with the decision he made, and you probably think i'm jumbled and should have written Castaway...no that's a farse.The 9th Pirates of the Caribbean movie featured several islands from this game.  The island of Sloar is infamous for Pirate raids and Treasure troves of chests just ripe for the looting.  The Pirates from Salt do not look anything like Jack Sparrow but they walk just as if they are more intoxicated.  I like their style.  this game is cool"
,Recommended,327860,17986257,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Arcadian Del Sol,"all the exploration with minimal contruction. There is a very robust crafting system, but you dont get bogged down with the hard work of establishing some sort of 'base' and having to defend it. If you like exporation more than everything else, this game is well worth it.Special mention - the music and the ambient effects in this game are so well done. Sometimes I will have Salt running in the corner while I am getting work done because it is so pleasant."
,Recommended,327860,16803262,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Airick,Worth every penny.
,Recommended,327860,16787598,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,🎃~Glade~🎃,A decent early access survival game.8/10 would kill a pirate for gold again!
,Recommended,327860,22347019,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,kup teraz,it's like minecraft alpha but with pirates.11/10 would install on every pc
,Recommended,327860,21036112,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Crim_Hammerlock,"PLS MAKE THIS GAME ONLINE, THAT WOULD BE AWESOME!"
,Recommended,327860,16349819,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,donny,"this game is great, mainly because i love adventure gamesplenty of adventurethe only problem i see, but this is nitpicking, is when i land my ship i sit there for 5 minutes or so trying to get it off the sandall in all, this game is flawless"
76561198245646840,Recommended,327860,22312844,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,crazycraft54,the music is awsome when you first get in and also its a pretty fun game i havent played it much because imposting this the day i bought this game (: worth every cent and dollar and also i dont know why people say the graphics are bad becausei think their mindblowing and beautiful
,Recommended,327860,23866659,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Nami,"Great game, but it need a multiplayer (like, coop 4 or 8 players)."
76561198039280859,Recommended,327860,34718764,Posted: 3 September,all,Capt'n B. Dig,"Well great ♥♥♥♥ing game for adult people I guess. But even adults who can enjoy depth in such a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ looking world, I'd lose my mind if it looked like some serious jungle, or sea.... I hope the devs get rich, get a team and make the same game with beautiful graphics."
76561198116510414,Recommended,327860,16489463,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Ching Chong Furious,"Salt - A great time passing casual game, albeit lacking in a lot of areas (EA Review though)This IS IN EARLY ACCESS, I KNOW. It's not done. Whatever. I recommend this game IF you are wanting to pass some time, maybe wait for Steam to download something else and not suck up bandwidth playing a game.Tl;dR It's a great time waster if you're into exploration and open worlds and ships and stuff. Plus you can act like a pirate. Arr.PROS:- Relaxing! It's a really low stress game. My heart rate climbed above 30bpm only when there were pirates rushing at me with axes. I almost had a heart attack.- Fun! It's actually pretty fun if you're into exploring and open worlds. The map (I believe) is endless, with random generated islands always coming up on the horizon at some point. You actually do get a small sense of discovery and it's just as intense as Capt. Picard discovering a new planet, or a cheap street walker discovering a new wart in her nether regions.- Deep(ish/er than I thought it would be)  crafting system. If you don't look up recipes on a guide, it can be mildly entertaining to experiment on things! Also, it's a good way to pass time when sailing between islands, sail time can be long.- Interesting loot. I actually found myself scouring islands mainly for better weapons and armor, and was surprised at the level of bonuses and whatnot that the devs have put in the game. I wasn't expecting passive skills on different stuff, and armor sets, it was unexpected and interesting trying to find all the pieces of a specific set. It's basically Skyrim on steroids but when i say that I mean after it grows lady lumps and stops and becomes a scrawny chicken man again. So no, it's not Skyrim but it's better than I thought.- Interesting islands. Scouring for resources on islands and searching for pirate bases and especially traders and treasure hunter islands was a great time waster while I waited for Elder Scrolls Online to take 20 ♥♥♥♥ING HOURS TO DOWNLOAD.CONS:- Early access! It's buggy sometimes. It'll still have a ways to go. But it's entirely playable in it's current state so you can't knock it TOO much here. Unlike DayZ which is STILL BUGGY as HELL.- Graphics. They aren't for everyone. Myself personally it doesn't bug me that they're pretty dated graphics, but to some people they'll be turned off.- Repetition. Repetition. The game is basically the same thing over and over. Basically it's the same gameplay repeated. It's pretty much the same objectives repeatedly. You'll find yourself doing the same thing over and over. There isn't much variety in the gameplay, it kind of repeats itself a lot. HOWEVER. You WILL have a purpose generally, especially if you're trying to follow the questline, or collect supplies for certain in-game items that are pretty impressive that require mass amounts of supplies to inherit...almost kind of a spoiler what you can find, so i won't ruin it. It was cool discovering one for the first time.- Pirate AI - Garbage. Might change with early access, but the AI is heinously bad.Overall, Salt basically boils down to one word. Mild. The game is mildly entertaining, mildly exciting, and mildly deeper than i thought it would be. It's great for playing to pass time while waiting for another longer download if you don't wanna use bandwidth and for just passing the time exploring.7/10 would Jack Sparrow again"
,Recommended,327860,22345501,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,WombRaider,its alright you spend of a lot of downtime serching empty islandsthink wind waker where good majority of islands are emptyits not bad its just not good either but its ea could get a lot better
,Recommended,327860,31300755,Posted: 22 April,all,Mr. Dunkaccino,"This is a Game that can appeal to a broad variety of peolple. If you like exploration games, buy it. If you like unique survival games, buy it. If you like sailing, this is a better sailing simulator than Wind Waker.This might be one of the most visually and auditive stimulaing games i've ever played. And with a more powerful computer, you can easily get lost in the sound and colour of the wild sea. Thank Russ there is an option to blend out the HUD, so you can embrace the beautiness of the unexplored land on its full scale. Even on low settings, everything is very stylised and appealing for the eye of the eager explorer. But if you like the cartoony, downgraded look of the game more, you can just adjust the game to make it look more cartoonyThe survival aspect is not as present, but the main point of SALT is the exploration and giving you the feeling of being your own ship captain. Also, the quests and different factions you can join make up for a lot of work, and frame the exploration very well.Crafting is already very advanced and works more or less without a lot of confusion, you just have to figure out everything. From flower potions to ship decorations, entire ships even, or glowing magic swords made out of moon stones, if it has to do with killing people or sailing, you can craft it.Fighting is very tricky though, because basically every hostile creature, pirates, captains, and especially cultists, are all capable of hurting you really really bad, thats where the handy quicksave comes in, which should be used before any challenging encounter.With all the different mechanics of exploration, crafting and looting, there is a lot to do and explore in SALT, which honestly can be quite tedious, because the map is HUGE. Lots of islands, temples, mountains, and a hell of a lot of water you have to explore. Orientation can be really really offputting, because the only things you have for mapping are a map you have to fill up with landmarks and such all by your own, a sextant and a compass you have to raid from pirate cartographers. So you have to fill up the map all on your own if you want to get the least bit of information in geography, and even then orientation is really confusing, because you only have a compass to show you the direction you want to go in.All in all, I already love this game with only 14 hrs on record, and I can recommend it to anyone who likes good visuals, immersive exploration and sailing, if they aren't bothered by how tideous it sometimes can be."
76561198080458277,Recommended,327860,27966269,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Spacefish Fish,The “I Thought This Game Was Cool Before It Won An Award” AwardOne can hope. :D
76561198058853574,Recommended,327860,18981689,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Amr2015,very enjoyable.
,Not Recommended,327860,29615617,Posted: 31 January,all,parsiuk,"Got tricked by pretty screenshots and nice movies from the game. Don't fall for it, the game looks average when you're actually playing it. Enemies look like potatoes, same with non-aggressive NPC's. Sunset and sunrise looks nice, colours are great. But that's the end of it. Axe you can't use to cut trees, pick which you can't find, and every single island looking like the previous one.I have made a mistake buying this game."
76561198117391036,Not Recommended,327860,13902396,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,DustBust,"Despite the good reviews of this game, I'm going to have to give it a thumbs down. Playing other games and trying to find a reason to play this one was limited. Going into the world and thinking you have the ability to forage is very limited in itself. Special objects are placed in the world for stone and so on, mining into a cliff isn't possible, look for a node (object) shaded the same color randomly laying around as the exposed cliff to mine with a pickaxe or in the earlier part of the game a club. Need wood? I would think cutting a tree down (which there are an abundance of trees on the islands) would give you some but that isn't possible, looking for wood chunks on the ground is the way it works, just run around the island and pick them up. Its a neat game, just wish it was structured differently. If you are between the ages of 12-16 or need something simple to play, this should keep you busy."
,Not Recommended,327860,19044010,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Jicle,"As many others would say who recommend this game, it is VERY slow placed; and hardly rewarding at that. It is described as action and adventure, but it lacks that majorly. The only adventure is traveling between islands that are practically replicas of each other. Also, the only ""survival"" aspect in this game is hunger. It poses no challenge whatsoever.TL;DR - Unless you want a mind-numbingly slow game, do not purchase this. I made the mistake of not installing the demo first. 3 types of enemies, loot is all the same."
76561197987065810,Recommended,327860,14628193,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,HarmonicKing,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L0PwyTGGSt8
76561198098613552,Recommended,327860,24278921,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Septadius,"Found an old pirate ship with black sails. Called it The Black Pearl and sailed around killing pirates, got my butt kicked by a spider.10/10 would buy again."
76561198014896114,Not Recommended,327860,35345180,Posted: 30 September,all,Amoun,"I'm sorry, but no.....Get ready folks, I do not rant and this is a long one, about *A* thing that made me return the game.Got this game on sale for $5 and as much as I feel like a d*ck for saying this, but it is not worth it. Do not get me wrong, I definitely think there is more than $5 worth of content but oh man the game doesn't feel even at 15% completion. It feels like a pre-pre-pre-alpha where developers are saying ""ok as you can see, we will have land here, and NPCs will stand over here"" etc. I probbaly would have even kept the game (I mean honestly it's cheaper than a movie) but this one.....annoying thing..: When you are walking through an island/land birds will chirp. Sounds good right?...well, in this case, you know that buzzing sound you have when you are playing a track/song on *loud* but there is this silence with the electric buzzing in the background, that crackles and gives off static sound when you connect or disconnect your headphones or speakers? That's exactly how the birds make them selves known in this game: crackling connect/disconnect sound, speaker buzz, birds, speaker buzz, connect/disconnect sound. It's not even for the fact that it breaks imersion when that comes on, you seriously do not think about it that way....but it is strictly because that buzzing and crackling annys the crap out of you. Its makes you feel as if you are on the phone menu and there is a button you can not skip, so you mentally make the "" *sigh* T_T really?"" face while you wait through it. In fact, it literally made me want to rush through an island and GTFO outta there as fast as I could. The game also feels dead and completely lifeless. I kept playing thinking maybe if I go deeper it will get better, but no. Returned the game, even if it was $5, because I was more annoyed than bored."
76561198144984426,Recommended,327860,19723708,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Dot,i love this game so much that i became a pirate arrg
76561197976193335,Not Recommended,327860,30039048,Posted: 19 February,all,High Gravity,"I bought this game when it first came out on early access, found it to be very boring. I would have returned it but at that time steam did not take back games. I notice the other day that the game was still in early access and has had a few updates, thought I would give it a try again. It was like the game was never updated, yes a few things like maps and more logs but, other then that, the game is the same ""boring"". If you like games that have bad fight machanics and love to pick up logs and more logs and more logs then this game is for you. After 2 years the game has gone from boing to pretty boring, so please! save your money don't buy this game."
,Recommended,327860,14660553,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,ThotPatrol,Good game stuck with a tiny raft because I can't find any hardwood
,Not Recommended,327860,17995005,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,morfay,"I really like this game, honestly.The price is too much for this game. It gets boring after a while. After maybe a few days of gameplay, it begins to repeat itself. Maybe a building system would bring it justice. I will be changing my review once it gets better."
76561197961864286,Not Recommended,327860,16393302,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,rashaverak,"poor graphics - i dont mind ultima online or minecraft , I guess it is more about style, it doesnt fit me at allpoor survival - a few recipes, you cannot craft even axe to cut down treespoor resource gathering - would you expect to get to a tree and cut it down ? forget, you have to search for logs in the grass that are supposed to get harvested, trees are decoration only."
76561198080563124,Recommended,327860,15003238,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Mr.Ginger,Great Open Ocean world with a lot to do and they are consistent with great little updates and hot fixes for any bugs.::::::I would recomend for any who would  like to be a Badass with their own  hand crafted  boat:::::
,Recommended,327860,19257096,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,sTing,So far so good.
76561198001177686,Not Recommended,327860,21202139,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Devious Spud,"I enjoyed some of the time spent playing this game but there are a few bad bits to this game.Bad bits;-not a great deal to do on islands-bugs (a lot of them)-world seems fairly empty-combat with swords is not very good-no base building-very laggy-not many animals on islands, I only found deer, spider and tiger so farGood points;-very relaxing-collect lots of different objects to make armour, tools, weapons etc-can go fishing-can have your own ship to sailThe negative outways the positive at the moment but with more content being added in the future it could be very good.But for now I dont recommend. 5/10"
76561198127950145,Recommended,327860,16356887,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Its Not Rocket Science,1.loads world2.Wants a pickaxe3.Struggles to make on.4.adventure to many other islands5.reads that the was a pickaxe on the starting island8/8 i r8 its g8 m8!
76561198007202612,Recommended,327860,34182787,Posted: 11 August,all,Col_Oscopy,has potential if cutting down trees was possible and digging would be possible this game would be amazing
76561198278042853,Recommended,327860,23865008,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,redtrainbandit,cool
,Recommended,327860,12559529,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Biam BuckBabam,"Get the game, its really fun"
,Not Recommended,327860,15638365,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Tr4nzNRG,In short...this game feels very alpha...I couldn't be bothered to play for it very long.
76561198031365676,Recommended,327860,34268177,Posted: 15 August,all,owenslm,"a really beautiful exploration game, in the future it would be cool to be able to hire npcs to fight for you and maybe, once you get multiple ships you can get npcs to drive the other ships for you. another feature i would love is being able to make a base on an island, where you can heal ships, upgrade your soldiers weponary and attract merchants."
,Recommended,327860,16803073,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,The Nameless King,"100% reccomend this, sailing the ocean in a raft has never been more rewarding!"
76561197971295397,Not Recommended,327860,18317128,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,[HigH] GhostOfDaniel,Really not worth it for what you get.  I wanted to like this game a lot.  I may give it another try if they upgrade the content a bit.  Developers do not seem very active.
,Not Recommended,327860,18851814,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Lt. Don Draper,"[Short, mostly placeholder review]I had some fun with this game, but I can't recommend this game. It's pretty barebones and can be decently fun, but the game is more meant to relax than entertain. The comabt is alright, sailing is straightforward, and it's a hassle to travel anywhere."
76561197968275086,Not Recommended,327860,16897920,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,TOMARSE,"It's an OK game but compared to some of the other ""survival"" games out there (with or without zombies LOL) it doesn't really measure up.Gameplay = Fair.  There's no real challenge.  You do not get the impression you are ""surviving"".Graphics = Cartoonish but allowing for that the graphics for a 'modern' game leave a lot to be desired."
76561198066254443,Recommended,327860,25490457,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Creedican (Weeb),Great bit of fun.
,Not Recommended,327860,23015804,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Jahnnoc,A thousand miles wide and two inches deep.
,Recommended,327860,22644505,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Palestinian_Commando,"Hey guys check out my first ep of my review and gameplay of the game, watch it here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-eeNnfznfU"
,Recommended,327860,24547375,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,AtlasBlu45,"Have you ever wanted to sail on a pirate ship? Have you ever wanted to relax and fish on your boat? Have you ever wanted to fight other pirates for their treasures? If you want any of these, then this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,327860,23794025,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,GankdalfTheGrey,"First impressions, Great! Though Boat controls are awkward and I'd like to see a rework on that"
76561198200165426,Recommended,327860,25209139,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Nova,Its a cool awsome game like i had a few probloms with it bc my computer sucks but turn your graphics down and holy crap its aawsome
,Recommended,327860,34485164,Posted: 25 August,all,Alpha,This is a game that could have alot to offer but still needs some work not sure if the devs will see this but here are some pointers1) ships more pls.2)multi player k thx.3)classes for multiplayer (defined by gear you wear) not some crappy wow type class system that ultimatly leaves you stuck in one role we wanna be able to change things around by swaping gear when we get bored. But stick with the trinity pls dps tank healer and afew dungeons with hard stuff to murder for omg level loots.4)settlements afew port citys we can visit roam around and sell stuff in would be nice.do all these things and your game thats good right now will goto great....if you do it right.
76561197990245835,Recommended,327860,23857826,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,[JdG] Pejman,Actually not a MOBA community simulator.
76561198076819761,Recommended,327860,31383397,Posted: 26 April,all,daniel07,grat
76561198084572529,Not Recommended,327860,14261676,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Nem316,"my recommendation or lack thereof it stems from my disdain for this game. as in all things i judged this based on its competition.can this game have any? well yes, you mine, search/hunt for food, build, fish and craft. which is exactly what every other survival game does, Rust, 7 days to die, the forest and Minecraft to name but a fewfrom a graphics point of view then Salts only contender is Minecraft, salt is simple, un-textured and bland. it would have been right at home with a saga mega drive and not a modern day pc. winner minecraft as its modable.the combat (yep combat) is simply a case of wailing on your opponent with what ever you have found or built. the problem is the hitboxes suck eggs and its just a clunky afair.the land and seas are just a uniform yellow and blue respectively the sky being a slightly different shade of blue, no clouds, weather or atmosphere what so ever, the best gfx can be found at night when you look at the moon through a tree....wow....as for playability, its annoying, you can only mine specific rocks on certain islands and theres several types of rock that you need for different things. i can see that some peeps will love that aspect however as everything is so bland its a veritable feast of boredom with every island looking the same and very little diversity.for the price id say its over priced even at £5, this is a bargain bin game for 1990's pc's. from a Dev point of view it is a fantastic money maker that took minimal effort so well done to them.all in all i cannot recommend this game as it has very little longevity and replayability is almost non existant.the only good thing is that you fight pirates and not zombies but even this doesnt make up for this shoddy money maker.buy and play at your peril."
,Not Recommended,327860,28740799,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Fox,"They're asking the same amount of money for this as Stranded Deep... seriously?Went to 5 islands, saw nothing at all interesting. Pirates or savages or whatever you want to call them, all look the same, attack in the same manner and damage you whether you block their attacks or not. They attack you with an axe even though you're apparently not allowed to take it or even make your own. You're not allowed to cut down trees because I guess that would make the game ""too realistic or easy"" or some stupid reason. Instead, you run around like an idiot looking for rare logs on the ground and rare plant fibers and hit specific types of something rare that apparently supposed to be a boulder of some sort and get a single stone from it and maybe a single flint too, and of course, the boulder stays there looking exactly the same, but you can't hit it anymore. On rare occasions, there's a single fruit up in a tree which you can knock down with a club, even though realistically there would be hundreds or none at all depending on the seasons. There's what appears to be only 1 animal in the game and 1 pirate enemy, maybe there's more, but with the graphics detail being so horrible, can you blame me for not being able to tell? It feels like you're flying quickly in outer space at night while sailing in the empty ocean since there's giant white particles moving past you. The bow and combat mechanics are laughable, you cannot hit a moving target with the bow as it just seems to fly right through the deer which btw, you can run just as fast as them. The islands are tiny, empty and look all the same, there's no sense of realism anywhere in the game. For instance, you can find a hut with lit torches on the outside and equipment inside... no bodies or anyone anywhere on the island, but somehow those torches are still lit. You can't remove the torches either, but you can conveniently grab a bunch of the valuable stuff inside, because no one else could possibly have seen that well lit hut on the very top of the island acting as a lighthouse. And of course, you can't dismantle the hut (or anything for that matter) to re-use the wood. This game offers the most minimalistic amount of content possible even though it's been on Steam for over 2 years and somehow managed to get Very Positive ratings which is really disturbing. It has so much less content than Stranded Deep and yet the gameplay is nearly identical in so many ways, aside from the fact that Stranded Deep actually looks so much better. But, even though the gameplay is nearly identical, one could maybe say they can't be compared simply because that's how far behind Salt is, yet they're both priced the same and both in development, or at least that's the claims.Ok, so you can make a large ship and set sail (somehow, even though realistic ships require a crew of ppl to manage), the amount of boring and tedious grunt work of fetching stuff on the ground isn't at all worth it. I'm not going to spend dozens of hours, if not more, just so I can make a ship for no reason... or maybe there might be a pirate ship out there you can attack or something... whatever, it isn't worth it at all cuz I'm sure that will be minimalistic and terrible too.- Graphics are terrible, reminds me of the 90s- Sounds are minimalistic- Content is minimalistic- Replayability is barely there in my opinionI got my first ever refund on this one even though I bought it at 50% off. The only reason I finally decided to buy it was because ppl kept recommending it to me. I'm not saying this game has no potential to be good in the future, but I will say that it's highly unlikely to ever happen based on current speed of development and how early access games tend to turnout in the end."
,Recommended,327860,24302391,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Rysaurus™,I was asked to go get a hat. I went and killed Fitty men for just a single hat. I can be bought. Who knew?would kill fitty men again/10
,Not Recommended,327860,14697196,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,W¿sekrakr,"Although this game seems like it could be a lot of fun, it feels very empty.You start on an island, find a book and a pickaxe and there you go on your very own adventure. Find resources and kill animal life to survive. Built you own boat and start crossing the big blue ocean.This sounds like a great adventure, but when you actually do it, it doesn't feel as actionpacked as I just described. The world feels empty and the cartoony graphics doesn't help the game with that.This game is still developing, so it could become better, but as long as Minecraft keeps doing what its doing, there is little time and money to be spend on these kinds of Minecraft clones."
76561198101502532,Recommended,327860,29344867,Posted: 18 January,all,Comander Shadow,One of the best games i have played in a very long time. It has a great devolopment team and is extreamly enjoyable. I would definalty recomend playing this.
,Recommended,327860,12640199,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,San charm sama,Best saling simulator 2014
,Not Recommended,327860,16884940,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Badittude,"I have played several in this genre and just found this one boring, unimaginative, and clunky to play."
76561198064482227,Recommended,327860,12932072,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,americajuana,love this game !
76561198117306416,Recommended,327860,19023038,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Sum Ting Wong,"Amazing, It actually makes me feel quite adventerous and as it might seem simple it actual is very deep and cool. Instead of quests where you move a island over, You must actually navigate."
,Recommended,327860,24263345,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,ElectricLeviathan,Fun and relaxing but can be hard and tense.
76561198051068043,Not Recommended,327860,18984872,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Krognar the Dick Smasher,Pretty bad
,Recommended,327860,16354517,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Skinni,"good game and nice gameplay, a little confusing in the start but ez when u get to learn it. also nice soundtrack."
76561198065332029,Recommended,327860,23573260,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Zero07,good game but i wish more updates ambient music etc
,Recommended,327860,14111913,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,GeT_drAWPed,AWESOME!!!!!Just like Minecraft except 5 times better!!
,Not Recommended,327860,35050306,Posted: 18 September,all,fire_me3,"Save your money.I enjoyed this game for a short time.  It doesn't hold your hand.  You learn as you go and it's a neat concept moving from island to island.  There is a lot to explore, but islands can be rather empty and boring.  There's not much in the realm of building, besides ships.  You can't just chop down trees and dig, this is not a minecraft-like game.  Combat is underwhelming.Here's the big problem with the game: there's a game-breaking bug that can take your mediocre experience and drop it into the abyss.  Sometimes, your boat may fly into the air.  Once it sails into the heavens, you can't get it back.  Even destroying and replacing the boat seems to continue to launch it into the heavens.  In other words: no more moving island to island--the whole damn point of the game.  I had this happen a mere 2 hours into the game.  It has happened twice and the only solution is to start over.  In a game where I already find little attachment, a game breaking bug is the deal breaker.  This game is hard to like, and this bug makes it easy to uninstall.  I'm dissapointed, consider it has a positive following.  However, I don't understand why it has a postive following--I couldn't enjoy it no matter how hard I tried to."
76561198066784627,Not Recommended,327860,20999130,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,neoman320,"very poor i think, like how do you get hardwood or find food? couldnt find any animals anywhere!"
,Recommended,327860,27998289,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mochi,Such a lovely game. Very relaxing and challenging at the same time. Absolutely can't wait for multiplayer.
,Recommended,327860,28317368,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Soymilk,"Very good game, nearly infinfite gameplay."
,Not Recommended,327860,20819988,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Non-Stop-Disco,"Mouse cursor drifting to the left with a broken HUD. Mouse would not be available in any interface. Until i find a way to fix that, i cannot with a clear conscience recommend this game."
76561198011811371,Not Recommended,327860,31013363,Posted: 8 April,all,Dakx,just got the game today played 70 minutes it could be fun BUT and its a big but i now have a real sore headache after playing and its the colour/gamma/brightness of the game graphics they are so high and no way to lower it in game or useing ur graphics card settings. developers really need to sort this out.i would not recommend buying untill graphics are sorted
,Not Recommended,327860,24519554,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,|v£|Frozen DDD,"First of this game is not a building game, an RPG nor a crafting, survival or fighting game. It is primarily one thing: A game representation of a board game, where you have to roleplay outside of the game, writing your own notes and making your own setting as to why you are sailing around and finding joy in the quests you may encounter (or non active NPC's).Not the game it appears from the store front to be nor the game I believe you in most cases really want. It presents a world that at a distance look decent, but up close is a glitch mess. It shows that the focus of the game is on pushing out stuff fast, rather than actually making each element work and interesting.A bunch of examples:It will often be better to repeatedly die if you have a location close with good stuff, as the stuff in chests will respawn and you keep your inventory, thus allowing you to gain more items.If you want to buy the items you need from a shop, good luck. It appears random if the shop even has items and usually the items are fairly expensive requiring you to either play for long stretches of time (usually gaining any items you need that way, making the shop pointless) or to purposely glitch to game in order to gain gold caster (like repeatedly dying, thus resetting the world).Running out of food has no effect... which is good, as gaining food is utterly random.Mine a rock, get the materials... then look back as the rock stays, but becomes a floating object you can walk right through.Want to build something? Believe this is slightly like Minecraft given the art style and tool choices? You are wrong, you can craft a fair number of things, weapons or objects, but as a good chunk is locked to different tiers, it will once again be rather random if you can or need to craft anything other than the boat. You can easily encounter a situationen where you have 50+ of each item you need to craft a specific weapon, and then spent countless hours never finding the final piece you need. Besides; just go to the stranded ship (there should always be one), loot the chest in it and get the bow + arrows. Die and repeat a few times and you have a weapon that in many cases can one-shot kill with a headshot (and you can collect the arrows again) (Its been noted that it respawning items in that chest might be glitch for me only).It features a rather awful FoV, combat is ludicrous simple and requires just one thing: Aim for the head.Want to find where you are? You have to make certain you mark everything down on your map, and as mentioned take notes. However while that could be an interesting idea for those prepared to do so, it once again misses its mark as you really should have some more interesting islands with features you can recognise from a distance to truly be able to feel like you are navigating in a world, where you make the map so to speak. As the map is generated from a seed, this isn't happening so far.Pirates... Well there is ships.. and islands.. But its not really pirates. Its enemies that vaguely look like pirates and with weapons named something like: Pirate's Axe. That does not a pirate game make. Where is the drinking, the sounds of pirates.. ship battles, cutlasses swung in desperation? Well, matey.. not in this game.Personally that is not for me, and I found the most joy (minor) in reading the ingame books. Put a hold on you purchase and wait until the various features currently in the game, is actually finished and integrated properly would be my recommendation, and even then be sure you want to buy the game for what it is, and that you are not looking for a pirate RPG, with a twist of minecraft.Still they have a demo and I highly recommend trying that out first before making any purchase - and play that demo with a focus on: Would I really repeatedly play this, on my own in this game - knowing that besides more islands with random stuff on, there is nothing more to do?"
,Recommended,327860,14356661,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Leggoboyi (Cali),Good game just requires more content.8/10
,Not Recommended,327860,16803244,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Xero,Its fun like 3 seconds then ur like wait..... whats the point of this dumb game?
,Not Recommended,327860,22329223,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,ovski,I guess most of the positiv reviews are written by close friends to the dev.I'm disappointed...graphics - nosound - mehgamemechanis - hell nohunting - lost the arrow againthe great atmosphere everybody is talking about - can't find it
76561198038570177,Not Recommended,327860,16489784,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Ryder,"Lame.   It's not much of an exploration or adventure game... unless you count getting attacked and killed by pirates constantly.That's pretty much it... swim for 5 minutes, walk on to an island... and then get stabbed to death.I guess ""exploring instant death"" is a kind of exploration...   had high hopes.*sigh*"
,Not Recommended,327860,13692234,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Riley2142,Never left EA...
,Recommended,327860,23673403,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,hexapuss,EU verified
,Not Recommended,327860,22360523,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,BigBabyBo21,do not get
76561198162030932,Not Recommended,327860,22351811,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,bubs,just no.
76561198120228192,Recommended,327860,20158231,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Wonkbob,https://account.mojang.com/buy/realms?sid=1a0fc558104740eda296b9dbf74b2e03&pid=fc0f059423234d6ea9b36792bd2d9105lol
76561198200487797,Recommended,327860,35011500,Posted: 16 September,all,DragonRyder75,salt i love it cuz it has a lot of salt the sea is salt the salt is salt my ship is salt and my pick is salt i am salt we are salt the game is salt the trees are salt the grass is salt it is so salty the salt is salty and salt is the game salt the devs are salt and earth is salt and steam is salt the moon is salt my home i salt salt is salt that is salt the came from the moon salt and salt is salty by %1000 it can kill you if you eat a ton of salt and if you eat %1000 of the moons salt you will die and trun to salt thats why this  review is all salt (:i know how to spell salt good now (:bty dont read this you will die of looking at all this salt stay salty my friends (:ps.s+a+l+t =salt (:
,Recommended,327860,28299768,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,SWOOD,good game but weres the maltiplayer PVP and black powder pistals
,Recommended,327860,32822718,Posted: 26 June,all,greyli,demo sucks but actual game is gud
,Recommended,327860,28416512,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,dophy,"Good game, but just not enough content. I dunno, maybe its just me. Probably."
,Recommended,327860,23986441,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Ushio,so salty
,Not Recommended,327860,16770959,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,jasonbudzynski,BOring
,Not Recommended,327860,16372470,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,NDFP,Stranded 2 with boats
76561197984344255,Not Recommended,327860,20133157,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Sisterfister,horrible graphics
,Not Recommended,327860,23428644,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Woji,"Salt 5/10I bought this game because of all the reviews saying that it was a great relaxing game and that it had easy mechanics. I was about 10 minutes into the game when I realized I had no idea what I was doing, soooo I looked up how to play the game. I got the game and I was actually enjoying it until around the 30 minute mark. At this point I pretty much looked a few islands and everything is basically the same. I tried to find a story or anything to follow or to find out how to craft new items, but I honestly just got stuck. This game has a good concept and I actually think that it could be really fun. I just honestly think it needs more of a... like a story mode? Or like a mode that you play that has a storyline so you can understand the game a bit better?-Woji."
,Recommended,327860,26495176,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Genebris,Exploration and sailing is very fun here.
76561197977892146,Not Recommended,327860,16387544,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,M6Hurricane,"As of 2017-05-23 this game is still fkn stupid. Basically nothing has been done in the past TWO YEARS. Uninstalling and Hiding, don't waste your time or money on this cheapo trash cash grab.This game is awful and confusing, however this review is written during Early Access, so much is bound to change.The graphic are horrendous, the crafting menu doesn't bring up any crafting, and overall there's no direction and it's hard to figure out what to do.You awake with a note that says to loot a chest and then craft a boat. I looted the chest, opened the crafting menu, and there was no ""Craft Boat"" option.Overall, definitely do not get it until significant updates are made. This review is as of 2015-06-14."
76561198022320677,Not Recommended,327860,25478648,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,shiipz,"This game is very very simple. It has half the content of stranded 2 from 1998 ish. Combat mechanic is way to  simple, no farming, no house building, only 3 items to be placed on boats. Bad spawn rates, will very qiuckly find yourself farming for simple items to repeat combat hopeing for rare spawns. Not worth price. Maybe in a year or so might be worth trying."
76561198123092779,Not Recommended,327860,16741547,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,FaZe_Techno_33,this games straightnup sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥the craftingis soo hard riding boats sucks so hard to drive do not waster ur money
,Not Recommended,327860,17026410,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,hossinator101,"The game is terribly optimized, and lags very much. There are almost no gameplay features and there is nothing to do. Do not buy this game."
76561198029818396,Recommended,327860,17392063,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,GrenadesAndHamm,Well done!
,Not Recommended,327860,24590576,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,brandon.stach,"Well what to say about this game...Itcould be fun...don't get me wrong here this could be a great game but it needs a lot of improvement before being a game worthy to be bought. At this moment you may see that I dont have a lot of hours into this game and thats due to the fact that I this game does not keep my attention. So for people who do not want to read my review then i give it a4 or 5/10Okay so to start off lets talk about starting a new game. This game has apainfully slow start and currently can't seem to hold my attention for too longbefore I want to play another game. So then why you ask is it a painful slow start? Well the problem actually lies with one of the core machanics in the game the exploration. In this game there arelots to seeand a lot of room tosail,enlesslynot finding anyhting of worththe reason i know this is my friend owns this game and I watched him play, he played the game for about 10 or so hours and found1thing worth his time in those10hours of play.So lets do a bit of comparing to game that require a lot of exploration, say minecraft, lets talk about the exploration in minecraft. In Minecraft my first 10 or so hours, back when it was still in alpha, I found tonns of monsters, made cool equipment, found cool looking places and all the while not wishing I was playing another game. So the reason I compared these two games is because I am comparing a core aspect of each game, the exploration, now I know that they are seperate games and its not right to compare them but the reason I did was to be able to show how slow the progression really is. Other than upgrading to a new sword and meeting 1 npc I went to about 20 or so islands and found really nothing to do and that where I pretty much stopped playing. The game needs more variety of enemies and more reason to actually want to play. Other than combat, that is where the compaison ends this game seems to lack content and that is needed to make a good game. Yes I know this game is stil in alpha and could change, but right know this is the dead honest truth this game needs more to do early game to grab and hold peoples attention.Okay so know thats thats over lets talk about combat. So as I said earlier this game has a very similar combat to minecraft and I think presently there is nothing wrong with the current system and thats where most of my 4 or 5/10 comes from. A few small tweeks and small things like dual wielding( please correct me here if I am wrong) and hopefully the devs will smooth out the kinks but nontheless it works.The A.I are kinda wonky and seem to be able to do 2 thing and thats just chase you and attack you or just aimlessley wander around. They also dont have any attack patterns or anything of note as far as I could see.Sailing of the ships are great and its rather fun(kinda reminds me of The legend of Zelda: windwaker). The controls are smooth and inuitive and can lead to some intersting but wonkey ways to get unstuck from islands. The only problem I did not notice much difference between the ships(again please correct me here if I am wrong) some of the shisp are huge and the only difference seems to be just the looks/size. and it kinda seems wonkey to me that 1 guy can control a huge ship like those, which brings me to my next topic.The world feelsempty. There are hardly no npc aside form the odd tavern and map guy but it just seems liek a huge waste of space. I know that there is people who will say that this is a good thing but I do not. I say this because in games liek this where you sail around and creat cool stuff and fight off badguys it just seems so lonely to do it alone. This game would benifit greatly with the ability to hire npc to come on voyages with you(correct me if I am wrong). also it would be really nice to have a multiplayer mode for this game, the abiltiy to romp around with your friends would be a boon for this kind of game, I know that some of you disagree so whatever floats your boat!Alright now that we covered the most important aspects of this game lets get down to the pros of this game because lets face it, its just down right rude to crap ona game and not say its good parts!Pros:Early AccessThis is a possitive due to the fact that the devs can fix the mistakes they made in their game and I hope to god they     don't just dump this game.Tonns of potentialThis game screams to me that itcouldbe the next minecraft with boat loads to do and see, fun battles to be had, lots of crafting to do and materials to collect.CombatIt has a solid combat foundation to work with all it needs is some to add some spices and not just salt to flavor it.Procedural GenerationAlright, with these kind of game this needed to actually warrent playing the game, but its still a good thing.So after some terrible puns you see my list of pros and you read the reasons I gave it what I did. At this time I cannot recommend this game but thats not saying that it wont change and if any at time I made a mistake and said something wrong, I am sorry, just let me know and I will change it. I will try to update this as the game gets closer to a full releaseps. Sorry for some of the grammar and spelling mistakes . Cheers!"
,Recommended,327860,15162016,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Weilard,"Редкий симулятор выживания предлагает своему посетителю что-либо кроме самого выживания. Задачи в играх такого плана довольно просты. Набить брюхо, выспаться, чтобы найти чем набить брюхо перед следующей спячкой. Знакомство с большинством из них рано или поздно ставит перед выбором – чем себя занять? Либо построить красивый дом, либо водрузить на крышу лачуги акулу, либо вырезать всех мирных игроков, которые строят что-то вокруг, а затем наслаждаться воплями ограбленных и обездоленных вашими загребущими руками, в том случае, если симулятор выживания предполагает избиение невинных.Приобретая «Salt» я думал, что это еще один такой симулятор. Что я научусь делать мечи и кирки, пробурю пару ходов, построю себе землянку и буду жить подобно медведю – набивая брюхо и впадая в сезонную спячку. Я ошибался. Точно также я ошибся, когда глядя на скриншоты подумал - «вероятно, игру делал программист». Ошибки уже давно вошли в привычку, ибо вкус безнадежно испорчен клонами одной и той же игровой механики «найди десяток бананов и собери пистолет». Целый сегмент индустрии эксплуатирует жанр «выживания» точно также как до этого эксплуатировали казуальные игры класса «найди пять бананов».Однако оставим стручки стручкоедам. Оказавшись в игре, я резво пробежал по острову и собрал нехитрую снедь, которой оказалось достаточно, чтобы собрать утлый плот с небольшим парусом, на котором я незамедлительно отправился в плаванье. Начнем его и мы с вами, и проплывем по перечислению того, что дает эта игра в отличие от других подобных ей.Море? Море. Оно волнуется и перекатывается. Есть высота волн, и движение судна по ним. Это выгодно отличает «Salt» от «Stranded Deep» (как наиболее близкий по тематике) где движение происходит по одной плоскости. У вашего судна есть руль, который позволяет управлять кораблем. Вы можете передвигаться по плоту или судну во время движения не опасаясь, что каким-либо багом вас сметет прочь.Сойдя на землю, вы можете невзначай выяснить, что флора и фауна на разных островах различаются. Что на островах есть сундуки, пираты, капища и другие секреты. Что на них, как ни странно есть другие люди, и не все из них норовят выпустить вам кишки. О да, здесь можно поболтать и получить квесты. Что второй лук или еще один меч, что вы нашли это не такой же объект, и что у него есть свойства. Что описаны лишь базовые элементы крафта, а остальные вы найдете сами… в книгах. Недурно, не правда ли? Кто бы ожидал этого от маленькой и цветастой игры.И вот я уже несусь между островами осмысленно, ведомый выданным мне заданием. Попутно обнаруживаю разбитый корабль, который можно починить, в трюме «компас, что не указывает на север». Книги, в которых полностью или частично описаны предметы, которые я могу собрать. Описаны не как список предметов, которые дадут другой предмет. Нет. Это настоящие книжки. Дневники пиратов. Схемы написанные кем-то. Мемуары скитальцев. Каждый остров может таить в себе секрет. Каждый остров может и будет отличаться. Каждый остров не будет спрайтом на горизонте как в «Stranded Deep», который затем заменится на совершенно другой остров, делая навигацию не то чтобы не нужной, но невозможной. Нет. Здесь всё по-честному – какой остров увидел, такой формы он и будет когда вы подплывете. Это позволит вам плыть на глазок. По памяти. Ну а если глазок хромоват – существует секстант. Да и блокнот на столе, с ручкой и координатами в нем никто не отменял.Графика, когда вы уже в игре, не кажется работой программиста. Это некий минимализм. На пределе. Он уместен. Он к месту. Он самодостаточен.Вы когда-нибудь охотились в симуляторах выживания? Чаще зверь это невероятно тупая тушка, которая стоит на месте и ожидает, когда её превратят в гамбургер. Куда реже это тушка, которая делает вид что удирает, но будучи медленной от рождения всё равно попадает к вам на обед. Ещё реже вам приходиться гоняться за дичью, загоняя её и думая с какой стороны напасть так чтобы зверь не ушел. Это тот самый редкий случай.Симулятор... симулятор выживания? О чем это он? И верно. О чем это я? Все мы знаем, что частенько разработчики добавляют своему проекту разные теги. Adventure, или RPG. Даже если игра содержит лишь их куцые элементы. Эта игра ещё не рпг, но стремится к этому. И это абсолютно точно - приключение. Не в поисках банки тушенки. Не в поисках кого бы ограбить. Нет. Это настоящая игра про пиратов, море и клады."
76561198053438966,Not Recommended,327860,30599108,Posted: 18 March,all,Foppish Pierre,"This game has an interesting concept, however it was executed poorly."
76561198008367739,Not Recommended,327860,14779658,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Fredd,Too much salt
76561198140689078,Not Recommended,327860,28167372,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Dell380,be nice if they'd work on the combat system
,Recommended,327860,16355064,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Smøren,Crashed my pc9/11 It's ok-IGN
76561198152745122,Not Recommended,327860,20195503,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,coocoomonster7682,this game is a ripoff you cant even pick something up.p.s. I looked at the control book
76561198252250252,Recommended,327860,29733073,Posted: 5 February,all,GusanMcSusan,ight so this game seemed normal at first but then this big♥♥♥♥♥spider popped up from outta the forest and he looked poisonous n i didnt wanna get bill cosbyd so thats somethin to look out for. but its lit that u can actually explore n♥♥♥♥♥♥cuz they isnt official maps. boats are fun.
76561198036956918,Recommended,327860,30580058,Posted: 17 March,all,xXxPutinxXx™,Hey
76561198044609295,Not Recommended,327860,13040351,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,CastIronBoomstick,"WIth a pretty heavy heart, I have to give this game a thumbs down. I love the way this game looks, or at least how it looks in the promo materials, but it just plays like garbage, even for early access. Maybe Ill eat my words some time in the future, but for the time being I genuinly feel cheated. For anyone considering buying this game as-is, think again; all those nice looking pics on the store page are real, but they are the game at its best. Most of the time it just looks like garbage. Give it a year or something, maybe then it'll fill out and become something worth buying."
76561198018727124,Not Recommended,327860,16372627,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,robjiz,I have no idea yet
76561198232535688,Recommended,327860,29284457,Posted: 15 January,all,Panther_297,it good game :]
,Not Recommended,327860,35427583,Posted: 2 October,all,GarugaHunter,The definition of complete and utter dog♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,327860,20327623,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,XDayaDX,THIS IS♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,327860,19213968,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,LIM1T,Not playable on windows 10 - You immediately get only 1-10fps as you open the game.
76561198130007670,Recommended,327860,26452623,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,a moderately moist potato chip,made me saltier than when i play cs:goayy
,Not Recommended,327860,23804677,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Poofie Love bird,"Cute game, but really not as great as i am reading from other reviews.Game is not made by professional artists. They can not even cut and paste simple plants from google image search. Everything has a white outline of pixels becuse they did not want to cut the plats out by hand, they use a selector tool and just called it a day.Combat is a fricking joke... After you are dead, you can still sit there and kill off a few pirates before it respawns you.Pirates come at you with axes, yet you an not loot said axe, nor can you loot their clothes for cloth.The modeling is done by a young child it seems. Everything is glued together primatives, with child like textures scribbled in crayon.No music.....Thee only thing it has going for it is that it is endless.... i still have not found anything worthy of mention.  There are a few houses scattered about but no real villages.No castles to explore, no caves..... nothing except floating from island to island endlessly looking for loot.Underwater is completely void of anything living, or any decoratons for that matter.I guess the game got a great start or something. The community has a lot of people who are reallys sold on the game.I for one am not. Getting a refund after this review...."
76561198165888349,Not Recommended,327860,19402546,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,bassboyyy,Horrible.
76561198131484578,Not Recommended,327860,23303378,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,KreamKorn,Minecraft wanna be #1600
76561198143363965,Not Recommended,327860,25845742,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Twistedgamer,This game is achuly very fun disappointingly there is not many things to do on land which makes you overly attached to your ship sure there are many things to do on your ship as you travel but it shouldn't be the whole game to be in your ship as well their should be more hard enemies it becomes to easy at a surtain point in the game I do think this game has great potential to become a great game but it just doesent focus on other parts that would make it a great game.
76561198001969789,Not Recommended,327860,35380225,Posted: 1 October,all,Akikami,"Played for 2 hours, got bugged, couldn's save, progress lost, uninstalled."
76561198085686494,Not Recommended,327860,16562574,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Jaden129,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,327860,21937866,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,[AUSSIE] Clarkey,Horrible graphics
,Not Recommended,327860,21222838,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,fear.,eh?
,Not Recommended,327860,17179852,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Braden1027,this gome is dupid and stuff!!!!
76561198080019448,Not Recommended,327860,31165595,Posted: 15 April,all,Rabbi Goldsteinrosenbergowitz,"I played the game for a few hours and got bored. I returned it and got my money back. Whoopdee doo you can sail a boat. Combat is bad, graphics are cartoony, there is simply not much to do besides sail around to almost identical islands, maybe shoot a deer or fight some pirates (click one button) and that's it, that's literally the entire game. I'm sure you can build stuff and craft or whatever but really this game is just another pointless clone of better games that came before it.These goyim didn't trick me this time, I got my shekels back."
76561198063343071,Not Recommended,327860,33365187,Posted: 7 July,all,renosavage1er,This game didn't do anything to catch me or pull me in. I just couldn't get into it not my kind of game 2/5 stars.
76561198052486791,Not Recommended,327860,24242529,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Deveyne,The game is fun and has laot of potential as an adventure game. I do not reccomend this game right now because i am getting constant drops to around 40 fps on my GTX 1080. This issue is probobly because the game is poory optimized in its current state.
,Recommended,327860,12821993,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Magal,So poderia ter multiplayer e ter mais bichos e outras opçoes de comida.
76561198082777771,Not Recommended,327860,23238616,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Solly,"Ok so the idea behind this game is great, but the game itself isn't. I didn't play for too long but I can tell from expierience it needs a lot of work. Ok so the graphics absolutely suck, but it somehow still manages to be laggy on my high-RAM PC. The water just sits there but there's still wave sounds, which destroys the immersion. The raft controls are really weird and hard to use. I found some pirates on an island (they look like something out of roblox), and the combat is like minecraft only 3 times as bad. Boring, mind-numbing, and skill-less combat. The other islands seem pretty much alike, with nothing too exciting on them. The sound effects sound like comeplete crap. You can hear the same bird noise over and over, even though there are no birds in sight. You can even hear the sounds starting and stopping. You can't go in the water or swim. This game COULD be good, if they changed and improved a long list of things, but in it's current state I can't reccomend you spend money on it."
76561198016684317,Not Recommended,327860,32412831,Posted: 14 June,all,nooboftheforest,Too boring last time I played and the generation was pretty lame. All islands looked the same
,Not Recommended,327860,32309922,Posted: 9 June,all,Frost,The play through for the first while is fun and interesting but it quickly grows boring. I enjoy playing games like this with friends but multiplayer is never coming. I know I know what does he know he only put 7 hours in. Well thats because I enjoyed the sailing and discovering the map but they are years away from getting multiplayer in and that to me is all I actually care about. Messing around with friends. They posted a screenshot of player models not long ago... Im no designer but they are so far from having it working you can expect to be in alpha for another 3 years... Then you may get multiplayer.
,Not Recommended,327860,24567095,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,A Gay Cat,It's...boring. Very little content and 99% of your playtime is picking up sticks. Very clunky.
76561198228740416,Not Recommended,327860,30770239,Posted: 27 March,all,Declanduck,i was gonna refund it butttt..... steam slapped me with a 3 hour refund policy.0.91169 IGN. anyway salt was a boring game and it took up to five minutes to sail to each island. the concept is great but the eucution is horrible.
76561198086398618,Not Recommended,327860,24130692,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Professional Russian,what the hell i spent 7 hours on that and i lost my ship and my stuf get it back you
76561198241847162,Not Recommended,327860,24980111,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Lord Dake Kai,Really boring...
,Not Recommended,327860,25063824,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,sig9mm,do not recommend
,Not Recommended,327860,35314923,Posted: 29 September,all,UKSharon,refunded rubbish
76561198032068105,Not Recommended,327860,30381668,Posted: 7 March,all,matt1184,Garbage if you want a long game.
,Not Recommended,327860,32054337,Posted: 29 May,all,Azure,"Character Movement sucks, I can move better, run better, slash better in real life, lol."
,Not Recommended,327860,31831362,Posted: 18 May,all,Sovathian,MULTIPLAYER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,327860,25256864,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Soybeam,eh.
76561198199643373,Not Recommended,327860,25215185,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,nippertipper100,"This game sucks the biggest, thickest♥♥♥♥♥♥ The graphics are so ugly I need to keep a box of tissues nearby to keep my eyes from bleeding onto my keyboard.The combat is trash.It's impossible to die on the ocean. The ocean in this game may as well be a swimming pool. Nice and safe for little♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198152452454,Not Recommended,327860,32419662,Posted: 14 June,all,WetZombie,were is multiplayer so many good game miss out on  that and i dont know why sense you could ask any gamer and they would love to play multiplayer !!!!??????
76561198056968223,Not Recommended,327860,24627696,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,pog actual,eh
76561198135255543,Recommended,327860,29480501,Posted: 25 January,all,OdinsAlphaWolf1,if you are a fan of game upon which you can sink a few hours into without even knowing then this is the game for you! but i do recomend adding flint locks and the such to fit the feel of the game and maybe a polish on the interface would be great.
76561198096021384,Recommended,327860,17054206,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Shiro,First off i recommend this game if you like a massive world one thing thats kind of funny is when you dont have any food that moment you see a apple hanging from the tree you will be so excited any way i recommend this game beacuase its full if stuff tons of places to go ships to craft and earn lost of items  but the quest arnt that intresting well the one from the inkeeper is witch is one big one but any way hope people enjoy this game
,Recommended,327860,17020019,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,ifitallfails,I think this game is pretty decent. 8/10The world has lots of charm and its always a new suprise when you load a new seed.The devs update the game pretty regular with relevant patches.The combat system is pretty slouchy which is why its not a 10/10 for me.I could see this game get amazing with more work in this early access.Worth the money.
,Recommended,327860,16715109,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,arifur,So far it has been a good experience. As the game is still in Early Access I am sure it will only get better. The developers are very active and they seem to take user feedback seriously.
76561198047593851,Recommended,327860,16715446,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,FriendlyBurger,Bought this game on sale. NOT disappointed at all! This game is amazing.
,Recommended,327860,16418357,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,neddread,"Based on 2 hours play.""This pirate who looked very much like a blow up sex doll ran up to me and began striking me with his axe. I took exception to this and began hitting him back""A game to restore your faith in Early Access.Lovely, simple, relaxing.First of all the graphics, they are stylized not poor. Sure they are not realistic, but they dont have to be.Gameplay is absorbing and easy to handle if you have played a few survival games (although apart from combat, survival is assured). And the journeys from island to island with even the first boat you can craft are relaxing and wavey (nice to just drift and bob). The old familiar collecting of wood and rocks and plant fibres to craft are here, but crafting is not a major factor.Ok I would like to see more content, but hell, don't we always? And I'm sure more will come and I have only just started and there is lots to do still.It is a simple game but full of great gameplay and I am so far very happy with the purchase. 9/10Updates will follow.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------UPDATE:14/4/16Well my initial high hopes are wearing thin as this game has not really developed since the last review. The general feel of Early Access (unrefined UI, purpose of ""why your here and what you should do next"") is still overpowering and although updates have brought minimal new content and navigation improvements, It now really feels like this project could suddenly announce that it has reached full release because developers have new projects to be getting on with.....I hope this is not the case."
76561198096843784,Recommended,327860,13365975,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,dusty1207,"The game is in early access/ alpha mode. And TOTALLY playable! Already plenty to do/ see/ explore! It has a real cool and unique feel to it, some GREAT mechanics already in use.Looks like updates are pretty frequent to, devs seem to have an active and friendly repetoir with the community.(Lavaboots, you're doing it right! :) )Got an explore itch? Get this!Got an adventure itch? Get this!Got a crafting itch? Get this!Sailing works wonderfully, not hard to get the hang of at all, and is a huge part of the game.So far, I haven't even seen/ noticed any bugs, and my machine is pretty low end. I still get good performance on medium graphics settings. FPS is still great, no chop, no lag. It seems the code is well engineered.If you are unsure about it, just download the free demo and give it a whirl, It's one of those game you didn't even know you were looking for until you tried it!EDIT: Still PlayingAlmost 90 hrs in now. We asked for maps, got maps. We asked for an editable journal, got that. Getting multiplayer sometime this year I think. The story line is there now, and it's pretty good. The graphics have seen updates, everything is still running good.This game is far and beyond worth the $15,  good survival elements,  plenty of things to craft, and to find while exploring."
,Recommended,327860,22376940,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Joshwah,"Reminds me of the old Indev days of Minecraft, especially with the music choice. I wish they'd play the songs a bit more often to be honest. Not the deepest of games right now, but there's definitely a strong platform to work from with what I've seen so far. Thumbs up!"
76561198247998912,Recommended,327860,22339578,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Markie Markus,"I love it so far! ive only played for 3 hours but it has held my attention and made me want to play more when away from my computer. As that this is still in early access, there is room for this game to become even better. Id consider it worth the 10 dollars while the special offer is up."
,Recommended,327860,22355575,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Redempter,Great game with a lot of potential!
76561198141130135,Recommended,327860,22363479,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,bonethief,they should add pulling in the fish and seeing it jump they also need to add multiplayer just picture me you or anyone boarding each others ships using grapple hooks they world be hook and rope there would be muskets ud get from hunter flint lock youd get from merchant and there would be bigger waves there would be the craken there woulde be whales you could pull aboared kinda like assasins creed also there would be reefs under water that you could swim to using a air tank made out of a barrel and a mask  and snorkle and spear rod games awsome but as you can see it needs a little oomf think about what i said youll get more people love the game bye
76561198085984488,Recommended,327860,22330986,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,ztaylor86,"Played the demo a bit Friday, bought the full version Saturday around noon and figured I'd check it out for a bit. Next I checked it was dinner time. Engrossing game."
76561198273252441,Recommended,327860,22344829,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,mwsjr,"100% recommend either buying this game now to support the developer(s), or putting this game on your wishlist/following it and buying it after early access.  This calm, exploration based game is a great way to spend your free time.Recommendations for game:-different types of animals-higher spawn rate for animals-canoes-different npc's (friendly and hostile ones)-wind-customizable sails for boats-shields-some sort of craftable shelter (example: hut, tent, lean-to)-villages on islands-different biomes (huge jungle islands and small sand-only islands)-weather effects-seasons-glaciers in the winter/after a long snow storm-caves on some islands"
,Recommended,327860,22347151,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,BoredJedi,I don't want to workI want to bang on this tree all day
76561198008296551,Recommended,327860,22387772,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Concernacus,"It's not about the destination, it's about the journey."
76561198061574699,Not Recommended,327860,21012636,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,xxsoulstealer1997xx,"Salt is a fun time waster; I have fun exploring the ocean but there are some major problems which may lead people to thumb the game down.Pros- Exploring the ocean with no map holding your hand; besides the sextant and compas which really adds on to the immersion of the game.- The addition of needing to eat is awesome it adds on to the survial aspects of the game- The crafting though limited felt decent.- The gameplay is smooth and I love the art styleCons- NEEED'S MORE CRAFTING- The ability to settle islands and be able to build more than just a campfire on islands- I would like to have diffrient types of trees to cut down*Obviously with hardwood trees being more rare; instead of just going to an island to pick up logs. It feels lazy since other games have the ability to cut down tree's including the♥♥♥♥♥♥ones.- Destructible terrain is also a must and instead of having boulders it would be nice to have mining with tons of more minerals adding on to the crafting of tools and other stuff which could expand on the crafting system.- I get that this is not minecraft but seriously X marks the spot also feels lazy when you find treasure and if you add in a mining system you could have a chance of running in to dungeons and even random chests of treasue.- More ships is also nice and even the ability to build ports and build your own big ships with the materials you gather.- Islands cant just be everywhere like in stranded it needs to be rewarding when you find an island which could make better use of the compas.Overall I am having fun playing the game but I am giving it the thumb down because even though  I see a lot of pottential however what worries me is the lack of updates, the last update was a month ago and it feels like not enough was added which worries me the the developers have just given up. So dont just buy it. If you must I would wait till a sale because the game at is current state is not worth 14.99$ asking price and should be lowered to 10$ or lower."
,Recommended,327860,21002084,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,ManfreD,"I just bought this game, gathered up loads of recourses and fixed and old pirate ship. I havent had so much fun in a survival game before, I love how you just sail around and try to make a living your own way.Great game 5/7"
,Recommended,327860,21000958,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,somnomania,"I lovedMiasmata'sconcept, but I hated how weak I was and having to deal with the monster for most of the game. I loveUnturnedbut it's always felt very limited; you explore a map and that's it, there's no real need to keep surviving after that. I adore Minecraft, but it's too expansive in some ways and too easy in others. I have 500+ hours in Skyrim, and so much of that is exploring. Salt is the best of all of these games. It's been on my wishlist for a while, because I was immediately attracted to the concept of infinite places to explore, plus the crafting and travel and, unusually for one of these big survival crafting games,no forced multiplayer. I'm one of those weirdos who plays MMOs and wants nothing to do with other players most of the time, especially if they're total strangers, so the fact that this game has started with single-player development is a huge bonus for me.It's in early access, but it only feels like it a little bit. The sailing and loot in particular feel really fleshed out already, and seeing the beginnings of lore and plot are reassuring. It could really benefit from a wider array of enemies, I think, both aggressive and passive; I've been mostly resting at night, and all I've seen is two types of pirate (one way more common than the other) and deer (which do have rarer colorations). And a merchant, finally, but that's not an enemy. Even some non-interactive wildlife would make things better, like some of the birds I hear on the islands, or seagulls, or even insects flying or hopping or crawling around. It just doesn't feel as populated as it could just yet, and part of it NEEDS to feel unpopulated, because it's infinite deserted (or not) islands, but at the moment the average of two deer and 3-5 pirates on most islands just feels kind of empty and lacking. Where are the hunters whose hideouts I find sometimes? Where are the villagers from the little clusters of huts? (Unless those huts were built by the pirates who are found nearby, but what self-respecting pirate lives on land?)On the technical side of things, Salt is great. The range of graphics settings is good, the graphics themselves are that fun mix of stylized minimalism and realistic things like water and sun glare, and while there are some issues with things having weird white outlines (it's only the generic plants that give plant fibers that have this problem for me) and strange over-lit places among trees, that's stuff that can be fixed down the road. The ambient sound is lovely and peaceful. The music, where it appears, is fairly sudden, but so far it's been for things like my first actual ship ride, and finding my first merchant. I'm amazed that a game with procedural generation and theoretically infinite maps is under 500MB, but I'm not an expert on how games are built (yet).I really recommend this game if you like exploring and passive/low-effort resource collection. The devs are working on cartography as a priority, which I feel will just enhance the resemblance to Miasmata, but in all the best ways. A game featuring sailing as such a big part of gameplay really needs the accompanying maps and charts, so I'm really looking forward to that being in the game."
,Recommended,327860,21027128,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Anubis,"Ive had this game for 2 days and I cant stop playing, some of the enemys are overpowered but all you need is a bit of armour. Would definatly recommend, the only bug is when you wait or rest in a boat, sometimes you fly into the air but it's so funny and seeing as there is no fall damage it just makes you laugh xD"
76561198189071167,Recommended,327860,19983925,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,markchapman.fin,"Granted I don't have that many hours into this game, I honestly don't have any complaints. reminds me of minecraft but with pirates, it would be a brilliant kids game. My little bit of playing brought me exploration, crafting and 90% of the time I have in the game would be puching the raft off islands. its worth buying,"
,Recommended,327860,19949827,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,KHANIMAX,from 1.5 hours of playing the game i think i can somewhat get an idea of how awesome this game wil be.initially it is very annoying to start (like any adventure/survival game) but you get used to it soon enough. the visuals are lacking but the gameplay makes you forget about graphics completely. overall: it's a great game to play and i really can't wait to see how far it comes. i really do reccomend this.
76561198044209914,Recommended,327860,20236278,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Pasolero,"Bought the game, i really liked it , thumbs up for the devs , and hope that with the new updates its going to get better and better"
,Recommended,327860,20247280,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,fordflaresides,"It's a decent game, I wish there was more variety to the terrain and more crafting elements. Seems like the type of game you play for 30 minutes to a couple hours and get bored of it for a bit... But it will likely draw you back next week or month."
76561198058633403,Recommended,327860,20542758,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Asmodeus,"This game takes survival a bit differently, yet still not straying too far from the genre. Of course there's the eating and resting, but that doesn't take up a majority of your time. Sailing the vast ocean and discovering many islands that are just too appetizing to ignore, just eats your time. In a good way. The RPG elements are nice, there is no leveling up, but there is plenty of loot to find and weapons and tools you can either find or craft. Just be weary of Pirates and Spiders on your journeys, and if you find a pirate captain, you'll want his stuff. The game is great right now, though it still needs some work. All this game needs to be perfrect, in my opinion, is some more variety, and multiplayer. So, quit reading and play the demo, or better yet, just buy the game."
76561198138366359,Recommended,327860,19349393,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,WingX34,fixed it by buying a $1000 dollar computar witch took a monthe to get but best game ever
76561198142540662,Recommended,327860,15845236,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,mystery_egypt,"I've been looking for a game like this!Exploration, gathering resources, crafting, finding treasures, completing quests, and a little fighting. A survival game without being constantly attacked like in most other survival games (which is just not my cup of tea), but with more emphasis on exploration. I love the atmosphere (graphics, music, sounds) of this game. I get completely immersed and hours just fly by.There is not much hand holding, just a few journals with some basic info, so you have to figure out a lot on your own. This also leads to a lot of surprise moments, e.g. when you find out that some islands have resources and creatures that only appear at certain hours, or when you encounter new enemies that you have awakened through your actions.I'm curious as to what new content will be added in the future, but I hope that the core of the game will remain the same. And I hope that the single player mode will be still available when a multiplayer mode will be added."
76561198170048170,Recommended,327860,16249600,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Divide573,"Extraordinary GameCreative, relaxing, inginuative, absoulutely wonderful!Worthy of many praises, only downside I can find are the graphics (the grass, sand, not the sun or sky) need to be improved, and there are few glitches.I LOVE this game! Sail to a new adventure, bunker down a little by having a house boat near an island, explore hidden dangers, all purpose of this game: Write your own life story10/10, Wonderful, charming, yet full of lore at the same time!"
76561198067949646,Recommended,327860,15982796,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Jack Sparrow,very good game !!! if you could only recruit sailors it would be the best !!
,Recommended,327860,15823838,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Asa,The Aurora Wager(a good game) meets Stranded Deep(a bad game) to make Salt(a game way better than both). They can say it's finished tomorrow and I would be satisfied.
76561198088236750,Recommended,327860,15757539,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,sablegulick,"Salt is a creative, fun, simple game. You will find yourself consumed in making water crafts, hunting, and exploring the beautiful islands that surround you. While the graphics are simple; the small detail, music, and sounds will win you over. This is truely a game worth trying."
76561198121689678,Recommended,327860,15934337,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,O C E A N,Honestly this game is alot of fun. i dont know if there is a multiplayer function for this game. but there should be. the thrill of killing an animal when you are starving so bad that you cant stop shaking. is satisfying to the max Yo.
76561198072356067,Recommended,327860,15744913,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Chowzers?™,Its a relaxing game with realy fun things to do
76561198052280717,Recommended,327860,15803501,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,mrmadjack86,"Even though I only have around 20 hours of playtime on this game I still feel like I can give it a pretty decent review.For me, Salt was something ive sought for a long time, Where you would sail around and explore islands, scrounge materials, and having the freedom to do whatever I wanted.Sure, its still beign developed and with that it comes with issues, but so far ive not encountered anything out of the ordinary except for some minor graphical stuff and minor AI behaviour but the impact of that is barely worth mentioning.The islands are beautiful and ranging from lush tropical ones with ample supply of material, to semi-barren desert that may just contain a few flowers and some rocks to mine. hidden treasures,quests,pirates,cultists,monsters, theres a whole range of things to do and ive never felt bored with any of it, even after binging Salt for 2-3 days I dont get bored, theres always something to do and as it seems now, more content is on the way, and if coop is implemented, ooooh boy! Ill never see the light of day again.So all in all, you like exploring,sailing,scrounging and just have a good time, this is the game for you, but be warned, its addictive ;)"
76561198077330598,Recommended,327860,16618301,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Chem Dog,Game has a lot of potential. Very well crafted and I would reccomend it to anyone who is looking for a relaxing exploration/crafting game.
76561197966204741,Recommended,327860,16622364,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,xeL,"Ah, the joys of exploration. Leisurely drifting about in little sailing boat, enjoying the beauty of the tropics, living off the land.Then, getting lost, ending up on the wrong side of a pirate island and getting slashed to pieces by said pirates because they clearly wanted my puny fishing boat."
,Recommended,327860,16439940,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,masterlate,F******in awesome.You like Pirates?You like ships?Your inner 10 year old wants to set sail to sunset and pillage?This is totally for you.Best fun yet.I will be playing this forever.
76561197970771802,Recommended,327860,16607769,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,brianwil,"Been playing this for a few hours and thouroughly enjoying it. I like the slow pace start of exploring your first islands and building up your supplies and experimenting with how things are crafted. You start with a book that tells you how to craft some of the basic items and another book gives you a brief explanation of your initial situation. From that point on its go west young man ( or N,S,E ). I like the unexpected discoveries. Saw a large galleon off shore, decided to board it, expected pirates and instead found a ship that you can repair with a locked treasure chest on board. Subsequentaly was killed by captain on island, when i revive i was on galleon by captain, but captain apparently swam away with chest.starting out helpersX does indeed mark the spot, start diggingblack flowers=poison. poison + arrow = deer dies over time just follow it.if you dont like night, which does last awhile, make a campfire."
76561198119254377,Recommended,327860,16768282,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Blue_magic24,Please bring back the old interface i dont like the new one
,Recommended,327860,18320883,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Spooky Deajer,"I love this game, it's very fun! Devs are awesome too."
76561198084002640,Recommended,327860,18398404,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,gabrielwayne0511,"Not for those with hyper and/or short attention spans. (About 99% of the bad reviews pertain to this)The majority of todays generation gamers will not like this. There are no bad-a$$ graphics, no ultra-violent combat, and no skimpy-clad girls.If you like fishing, sailing, stalking deer - this game is for you.If you find sailing 5, 10, or even 30 minutes sailing/searching for that particular island, relaxing and enjoyable- this game is for you.If you prefer semi-avoidable combat - this game is for you.  (you do need to fight some badies if you are to fully experiance the game)If sailing around and the sound and motion of the water relaxes you and you decide to recline back and take a 15 minute nap to the sounds of the ocean before continuing your journey - this game is for you.If you have a really stressfull job - this game is for you.If the family is getting on your last nerve - this game is for you.If you just watched a horror movie - play this game before you go to bed.This game is Doctor reccomended.This game has so much potential, can't wait to see how far it goes!"
76561198115834519,Recommended,327860,18420986,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,zirael,I love this game but it dose get kinda boring after a while I plan to come back after they add more
,Recommended,327860,18234374,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,danirijeka,"EARLY ACCESS REVIEW - Pretty much a game for everyone, from those who wants to adventure and explore (just make sure you grab a sextant...), to those who just want to stab things, or just relax by sailing around the islands after a days' work.Can't wait for more updates.Also, aracnophobes beware of spiders (there aren't many, but they're there)"
,Recommended,327860,18231325,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,CapitalistPig,"It's decemt so far, it feels slightly janky in combat situations but I've found tons of crap sailing from island to island, Shot some deer and built a wide array of weapons and stuff. I like the exploring way more than fighting little pirate guys on islands, I found myself just bypassing pirate islands until I found hunting islands or ones with buildings or hidden treasure.I'd give it 7/10 as an exploration /crafting game and 4/10 as a combat gameoverall worth the 15 bucks and I'm sure I'll play again to see where it takes meI'm fairly interested to see what the devs have in store.EDIT:After having played for longer and figured out the trick to fighting the depth of this game becomes more apparent, ammending this review. 10/10 would get my own pirate ship and lure monsters into traps again."
,Recommended,327860,13407055,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,JNAX,"Ein nettes Spiel mit schöner Atmosphäre. Läuft bei mir sehr gut und bugfrei, kann es jedem empfehlen der die Stranded-Reihe gespielt hat oder generell auf Adventure/Survivalgames steht bei denen die Grafik nicht im Vordergrund steht, obwohl man in diesem Spiel bei dem ein oder anderen Sonnenaufgang schonmal innehält und am Lagerfeuer genießt.An sich ein sehr gelungenes Game. Ich finde die Entwickler sollten noch ein wenig mehr in Richtung Hausbau/Heimatinsel gehen."
,Recommended,327860,13748545,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Apachebeaster,"(Add 13 hours to my playing time, because thats how much time i spent in the DEMO. Also, your demo savegame transfers flawlessly into the main game, amazing.) Absolutely one of the best adventure games I've played. Updated frequently, great devs, and awesome community. Lots of content, and amazingly stable for an alpha build. 9/10"
76561198013924266,Recommended,327860,13333589,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Killdozer,"Ohhh boy.To me, Salt was an insta-buy. Usually, I am hesitant about buying into an early access game, having gotten burned myself when devs would all but take the money and run. However, Salt is an early access gem, and I personally feel that this game will achieve huge things in the future.The magic of Salt is it's atmosphere. Looking at the sun through a bamboo thicket and seeing the shadows stream through to the ground, wistfully shifting back and forth as the trees sway in the breeze. The way the ambient environmental sounds change as you travel from a beach into the inner part of an island. A quiet sunset that turns the sky a bright red hue. This game is dripping with cool scenery, and the Wind Waker-esque visuals really help it's case.Oh, and speaking of Wind-Waker, Salt's gameplay reminds me of that game's wonderful open world sailing, mixed with (for those of you who are old enough to remember) exploring the island of Myst. But don't worry, there aren't any annoying puzzles. Salt is purely about achieving open world zen through gentle, thoughtful exploration.I've sailed to many islands in my short time with Salt, and I have to say that the procedural generation is amazing. Every island I've visited has been unique. Never have I seen a cookie cutter layout, or one of those Diablo 3 style map-is-the-same-but-ever-so-slightly-changed scenarios.I feel that one of the reviewers here on Steam said it best when he likened playing Salt to the first time you fired up Morrowind. Like, ""WHOA. I've got this entire alternate world open to me?!"" It's that excited feeling you would get as a kid, entering into a fantasy world where you could just simply be. That feeling is one that Salt has in spades.Highly recommended."
76561198060105218,Recommended,327860,13315712,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,ParadoxYs,"http://youtu.be/Xg_ZSfYPhXEHello. This game is a really good exploration action adventure game.this game is still in early access so there will be bugs, things will change.I have a review video that shows some gameplay and goes in depth on some of the features of the game and a few other things that might make u want to buy it or to wait."
76561198054302873,Recommended,327860,13833902,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,KairaK,Nice game. Slow paced adventure with beautiful colors from paradise.
76561198041774695,Recommended,327860,13852542,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Michael Carter-Williams,"Very good game gives me good nostalgia of Wind Waker and would make this game 10 times better if it used the same artstyle, anyways still a win in my book."
76561197997705182,Recommended,327860,13856680,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Cinderis,So far this is one of my favorite exploration games! Can't wait to see what further development will bring!
,Recommended,327860,13819235,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,DocTarr,"An excellent sandbox sailing game. It's big on exploration, which is something rarely rewarded in games beyond ""there must be a chest/secret here."""
76561198064015142,Recommended,327860,14530964,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Strilter,"unimpressive graphics........ but this game heavily makes up for that with good content, very few bugs, and general awesomeness."
76561198040295805,Recommended,327860,14531136,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,DaPurppzz,I just bought this game and it's great. The graphics are pretty simple but the gameplay is amazing. Definitely one of my favorite survival games. Worth the $15. Try it out.
,Recommended,327860,13900800,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Stumbleina,"Don't let the graphics deceive you - this game is a ton of fun if you like open world survival/sandbox games.The idea is that you awake on a small island with just enough supplies on it to make a raft.  With this raft, you can sail to a multitude of other islands and survive by hunting deer, knocking apples out of trees, fishing, or looting the inevitable Pirates that you will stumble upon.  You can make (or find and repair) larger boats as you gain supplies, and you can customize these boats with beds, crates, chests, torches for lighting, and even paintings.The most fun I've had in a survival game in a long while!  Minecraft had some of the most primitive graphics but it was a ton of fun because you were able to mold the world to your liking.  In this game, you may not be able to mold the world like in Minecraft, but the world itself is so large (possibly infinite) that you will never run out of places to explore and things to do.  My favorite part so far has been to sail around islands to scope them out, then land at ones that I think have pirate villages and systematically wipe out the pirate population and take their treasure.There are bosses in this game that you have to watch out for too - and vendors that you can find that will give you quests!  For an early access game, this one is definitely worth the price.  I have already gotten $15 of fun from it!  If open world survival games appeal to you, I'd definitely recommend this one.  And since they have a free demo, there's no reason not to try it."
,Recommended,327860,14440286,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,acmorri,"Its a solid game, with a  good concept.  The execution could use a little pick me up.  That being said, this is a short, sweet adn to the point review.Its a fun game I played for about 14-15 hours and took a break, yet to go back again, I might though.  It's but it has little in the way of things to do after you see the first 20 or so islands.Pros:*It doesn't crash.  EVER.  thats always a plus.*It allows you to sail an open sea and control your boats in ways that no other game other than Zelda The Wind Waker has.  Complete open world, non linear navigation.*The exploration aspect is pretty funCons*The AI could use a re write, When running from Aggro pirates when you hit water, they run away.*It is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥to find wood, as you cannot cut down any of the hundreds of trees on any given island...  IDK, but to me its not a true survival game if you cannot lop a tree down with an axe.*The gameplay ATM is limited, I would LOVE to see more AI in the game, Maybe but not limited to:-Other boats on the seas-Native VIllages to conquer or befriend-Forts, towns, and docks to Conquer or befriend-Definitely more than 5 Ship Types, because as it stands the player can ONLY create two when you start, a little Sail raft, and a slightly less little Sail boat.  If you are lucky adn have a CRAPTON of materials, which took me 4 or 5 hours to get, you will stumble upon a wrecked Pirate ship which is considerably larger than your little pontoon boat with a sail.  and two others which one is obtained by completeing a quest, the other by killing named pirates and collecting the parts..  None of which I have obtained yet.- ALL of the ships are EXACTLY the same speed, I would think that a Pontoon with a sail, would be considerably faster than a Raft.  And a massive Pirate ship would be faster than a single masted Pontoon.  Which brings me to my next con.- The pirate ship only has ONE sail, the type of Ship it is modeled after is a caraval should have at LEAST three Sails, Two Square sails, one being the Main Sail, the other being the Fore Sail, adn the third Sail being the Lanteen, or the Triangular sail attatched to the Boom at the Bow of the ship.  Instead it has one sail plopped in the middle, looks a bti tacky to me.ALl in all, it was a fun half day spent on this game, but as it stands right now, I don't see much more fun out of it in its current state, but still if you are a Sail Boat Enthusiest, like myself, or just want to take to the open wave this game be good for ye'-Adam C Morrissette."
76561198094714807,Recommended,327860,14285537,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,VocableAce819,A fun FPS survival game. I recommend this to any one who likes Open world survival games.
76561198025821369,Recommended,327860,14286174,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,houndofhell03,"You got me. A+ already, hours and hours and hours....!!"
,Recommended,327860,14710494,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Chisco,"Even at this stage the game is quite fun to play, look forward to seeing it grow! Definately worth the price aswell"
,Recommended,327860,14783014,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,KingNyan,"Great game!Min. 1: Spawns in worldMin. 2: Compliments beautiful graphics and art styleMin. 3: Finds chest to build dinky raftMin. 4: Sails to other islandsMin. 5: Finds hardwoodMin. 6: Makes ""hardwood"" jokeMin. 7: Gets brutally murdered by a pirate that looks constipated12/10 Would get killed by constipated pirates again."
,Recommended,327860,14798365,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,[GA] Loremaster Geralt,"I played about 6 or so hours on the demo before buying the main game and continuing my adventure to the rest of the map. Even though this is an early access game, it feels like it has enough content already to justify the $15 price tag. The sailing is enjoyable and relaxing, the aesthetic is smooth, and the entire vibe the game gives off reminds me of ""the good ole days"" when I was younger and played Pirates of the Caribbean Online mixed with the feeling the early Minecraft beta gave me when I first played that game as well. I'm excited to see where the development of this game goes and I highly recommend this game if you enjoy sailing, survival games, and exploring around a vast sea of islands that have everything from quests to bosses to entertain yourself on."
76561198216511012,Recommended,327860,15089646,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,ManTrix,"Salt. An open world survival gameThis game isnt finished yet but damn its good. There are basically no glitches from what i have seen so far, the randomly spawned islands are great how ever the first couple i wen't to nothing really spawned. The ships you can craft are really nice. There are 4 ships you can craft from a small raft to a apirate ship, these are good but maybe a few more should be added to give more of a choice, also the ships can be customized as well witch is a great thing. From how it looks thats really a personal thing but we can all agree that the lighting is amazing, it runs smoothly and since its nor finished i am exited to see what the future of this game holds. Things that need to be there or need in proving: a 3rd person or HUD view to see your person with the different armors there are, the spawning of plants to be a little better since some spawned in the air on hills or on smaller hills & well thats it really i can't think or any major bad things that people won't like apart from you can't build your own home/fort and its not multiplayer. I almost forgot you can but or sell things with traders on islands plus you can find tressure hunters and find tressure for them and they reward you.This is a really good game and i recommend this game to anybody who likes sirvival or sailing or fighting pirates and adventure. 10/20 from me."
,Recommended,327860,15093645,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,AustinW,Love it and I cant wait until more is added to it. :)
76561198036816733,Recommended,327860,15120096,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,El-Daddy!,"I have the feeling to leave my insight about this game, and I have spent many hours in it as well.I love this type of games, I have most kinds of survival games that steam has to offer, and the ones that I have love the most and spent most time on, has been terraria, and I can see this one will become the next one. I feel highly entertain, and also I find it highly relaxing when I dont want to do any killing, I just go to the open sea, and try to catch a shark with my bamboo rod, and some deer guts. The experience of this game is so calming, at the same time, it can offer some trills, specially if you play at night, were survival becomes terrifiying, but also higly rewarding.So I recomend you this game, for a survival game fan, this game will make you feel worth every penny, and I do not write many reviews, but when I do, I make sure I am recomending something solid, and worth the price. so here is my review, please buy this game, and enjoy taking the deer guts, and getting the shark"
76561198023753604,Recommended,327860,14256101,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Bilbeto,"So, I tweaked the pirate captain's nose - it was only a joke.  Banishment to an island was a bit harsh.  Still, they left me a chest of items I can use to create a raft and I found the pickaxe they left lying around.  Time to go exploring...Salt is not for those wanting instant gratification - it takes a long time to build up to owning that pirate ship of your dreams - and that means a lot (and I mean a LOT) of running around islands looking for resources.  The scenery is beautiful, the occasional bird singing in the trees as the sun shines down.  A lovely gentle game Salt.Well, I guess hunting deer with your bow and arrow isn't exactly gentle, fun though.  And then there's the spiders.  And the pirates.  And the really tough pirates.  And the really big momma spider - phew she's scary (I decided I'd rather go swimming than get et by her [and swimming isn't a good idea in Salt]). Oh, and the pirate captains and the huge stone throwing living statues.  But apart from them.Well, the sailing and the fishing is peaceful..."
,Recommended,327860,14258725,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,AttillaTheNun,"Start with the default seed and get a player created map.  There is a small learning curve, but you get sucked in.Some polish is not there, which could fool you into thinking this game is half-cooked (Not True).As you start to play past 5 hours you realize this is a deep game adventure/survival/action in the RIGHT ways.It feels like the open world exploration of Skyrim, which hooks me pretty hard.  The sailing part is very soothing and atmospheric."
,Recommended,327860,13936871,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Alec the Metallic,"Its really fun, though I haven't gotten far into the game yet. I love the survival island aspect of the game, and I also find the art style of it interesting. Though it may seem like there's not much to do, keep in mind that it's a work-in-progress, early access stage. And plus, if you get the demo first, 1) you can see if you like it, and 2) you start off where you left off if you get the full game (as the developers say, I don't know because I didn't actually get the demo, I just bought the game). Highly recommended game."
76561198045716512,Recommended,327860,13032213,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,MG1997,"There is one thing that this game screams, and that is a heavy ""Wind Waker"" vibe.  I personally loved the legend of zelda game and this was a nice, calming, and peaceful way of reminding me of the classic game.  This game has huge potential and the only complaint that I have is a lack of end game.  However, I am sure this will change once the full release is made."
76561198043067379,Recommended,327860,19495128,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Labamba Lumumba,A nice looking pirate game. Funny to play.For some strange reason I'm missing coconuts in this game... And rum.Arrr.
76561198081794010,Recommended,327860,19564213,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,That juicy fellow,Don't look at the reviews BUY IT
76561198011795983,Recommended,327860,19589697,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Parly,"This game has great potential, can't wait for new updates!"
,Recommended,327860,27749943,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,cake,"Ignoring the finicky UI and simple graphics, this game satisfies my need to float peacefully on the sea listening to the sound of the waves."
76561198152610022,Recommended,327860,26740983,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Jacket,"This game is very fun imo. An infinite amount of islands to explore and quite a bit of content. There is still quite a bit left for me to do, but so far I've really enjoyed it."
,Recommended,327860,28013204,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,FALCO,"Fun game. The combat system, though difficult, is a bit boring and not that much fun. Other than that, it's a good game."
76561198010889699,Recommended,327860,20373565,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Qaxlor,"I think this game is a very good start on an open world pirate-themed action/crafting/adventure game. There's still a lot of polish/features I think are needed eventually, but the core game functions and is pretty fun. There's not a ton to craft at the moment and my biggest disappointment is that you can't build structures. You can build or repair several ship models, add some items to them and sail them, you can explore the awesome procedurally-generated maps and craft stuff to wear, fight with, fish with, etc. You can see from the videos what the character models look like. It initially put me off, but it's like playing a Lego game, they just look cartoony but it doesn't really detract from my enjoyment. The team is finishing off the main story questline, so there's still active development and updates. Watch the videos and read some of the reviews to see what you are getting. This is not The Island or early Stranded Deep, but it's got a lot to offer."
,Recommended,327860,20452255,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,wishouse88,Just played this game for the first time and it was a lot of fun so far. It can be a bit wierd to figure out at first but is very intuative.If you want some gameplay footage I've got mine herehttps://youtu.be/AtNKSNiBi7A
76561198073675560,Recommended,327860,20455338,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Darkmage2160,"Now i haven't gotten super in-depth with this game, i've only visited about 50 islands or so, but i absolutely love it save for one tinsy little aspect.  But we'll get to that.Pros:-enemies are hard, but not impossible, you just need to plan out a little before hand-world seems almost infinite and wonderous-even when everyone uses the default seed, no-one yet agrees upon a set map (randomness FTW!)Con:-no built in map system.Now, this game has a LOT going for it, except the graphics, which frankly if you base games on graphics, you never played any ""good-ol-games"" like this one. but the map thing almost breaks it for me.  now there is an app outside of the game for helping to map, but again, it is super imprecise and after you're done, you know know if that was 3 separate little islands, or one long 3x1 island.  The game does include a sexant and compass, or else mapping in gerenal would be impossible, but you can never be quite sure of the units (i'm asuming they are ""miles"" or ""knots"" or something), but many of the starter islands are so close together that when you map it out, it almost looks like the center of the map is one big continent.  If there was a skill where you could draw or craft a map and put it in your boat like many other items, and update it as you go, i would love it.  it would make keeping track of where i've been and where i need to go a breeze, instead of ""well i'm lost, lets go back to starter island (which BTW is never really at 0N-0E) and try to find where i was going.So i don't totally feel like i'm bashing on this amazing game, i'll talk about MANY of the positives.  The landscape is wonderous and varied.  No two islands are the same, and sometimes it even seems like some islands change when you return (or i'm just super lost again). Remember when Assassin's Creed said that it would be unlikely that you cold take on more than 1-2 enemies or else they'd wreck you and then it turned out an entire army couldn't do♥♥♥♥♥♥to you? well this game made good on their promise.  If you tackle 2-3 pirates (the low level ones) on that first island you swam to with nothing but your pickaxe, you're gonna have a REALLY bad time.  That's not to say they are impossible, you just have to kite them with your bow and then pick them off 1 by 1.Finding, looting, and repairing an old pirate ship makes you feel like a boss.  they don't require too many materials, but they do require you to totally loot 2-3 islands to get enough, and then find that ship again.  but when you do, sailing the seas is easier, you feel like you have an actual ship, and that the world just became your oyster to cut open and find all the juicy pearls.Inn's and Merchants, while being generic, have quests that have excellent stories and require you to find your own way through the world, none of this ""bad guy here, kill, give me his head"", it starts with a pirate stealing the inn keepers hat, then it grows into a cultist killing nightmare involving ancient moving statues and nighttime escapades. and the best part is, you have to find all this out on your own.  the inn keeper just says ""the pirates stole my hat, get it back"" and you have to go find which island it's on.Perfect, relaxing and makes me want more every time i play"
,Recommended,327860,16839314,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Kristian818,"This game is very good of an early access game. However steam don't count your hours ingame when you are offline. Warning sometimes when they update your save gets a bit corrupted (last time i spawned a different place than i quitted but they warned me before i loaded it)TLDR: Very good potential of a game 9/10Crafting: It has a somewhat good crafting system (you don't know the recipes but you can see which things that are able to have some sort of crafting but not that you have all the items) The ""only"" way you can craft then is to know the recipe from an earlier game, find a book which tells you how to craft it or just try to put some different things in the crafting box and see if it tells what can be crafted out of it. (of course there is wikis for the recipes but this seems quite fun to try for some time).Next is the games AI: The AI of the enemies in the game is pretty well made when you shoot a pirte with an arrow the pirate runs in zigzag (he runs against you but swaps direction from a little left to a little right) which makes it hard to kill him with arrows before he finds you. There is some fails in the system with when you go into water the pirates stop chasing and when 2 pirates stand side by side the person you shoot with your bow only reacts not the other one. A thing i miss is some kind of stealth system when you shoot a pirate or animal it always knows where you are.Next the landscape variaty (going to be placed in spoiler hold mouse over to see because it spoils the landscapes and things on the islands).There are 2 different landscapes: Desert islands with palmes and standard grass/tree islands. However on these islands there can be quest givers, pirates or even pirate towns. I hope they make more different kinds of islands but remember it is early accessCrashes and bugs: The time i have played also the offline time i have not experienced any major bugs or crashes. The only thing that can get wrong i have experienced is some AI problems and your save when they update however the write that saves bug when they update since they can update faster then which seems fair.That was it hope you buy it because this can turn out to be a very good game (it is good now but it can be better)."
76561197972936290,Recommended,327860,20565436,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Spooge,Love this game. can't wait till it's fully fleshed out...
76561198126452577,Recommended,327860,20683235,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,carlpomfret8,"have found a glitch when you push a boat out or the raft and walk forwards it shoots you high up into the air, but luckerly you dont die when you land in watersorry for the grammer"
76561198062622366,Recommended,327860,22560969,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,end my fucking life please,"I bought this game when it was early in developement and had high hopes, and when I played it I had a great time and it ran well on the highest settings. somewhere along the way something was updated or changed and now I can't run the game over 8-10 fps on even the lowest settings.please, make it runable again.EDIT: I can run this game again!! whatever yall did worked, thank you."
76561198072988356,Recommended,327860,24438854,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Catnapper,"Best pirate game ever, barring (arguably) AC4. Use a scimtar, boost a ship from other pirates, shoot someone with a bow and arrow, throw a bomb at someone, accidentally walk your own plank (followed by a League of Legends-inpired minigame), fight a human totem pole, dig up buried treasure, get stranded on a desert island, hunt deer, use a sextant and compass, and more."
,Recommended,327860,26665510,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Andu,Stupendous Graphics.
76561197973958941,Recommended,327860,23905747,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,MECH AL,"I wasn't sure this game even looked like something I could get into but when I saw it had a demo I figured I'd at least give it a look. It is short on a lot of help but was not hard to figure out through trial and error even without looking for help in the forums. The demo only has 9 islands but they reset when you leave and come back.  You also find different things as you progress such as : craft a shovel and buried treasure starts showing up. If you upgade to the full version you keep all your items but you will have to remap the islands from scratch. I am still not sure how long it will keep me coming back but I liked  it enough that if it was on sale for $10 or less I would take a chance and for $7.50  I already got that much value playing the demo. I don""t think it is so grindy,if you want grindy try the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. series."
,Recommended,327860,23855192,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Peebman,"Not a bad game at all! It needs a hell of a lot more to do and an inventory management system to sort all the junk you inevitably pick up. Right now though, combat is okay, the music is really nice, lots of islands to explore (though if you've seen one island, really you've seen them all), and some decent loot. It's few and far between but every now and again you can pick up a rare weapon. My first one was a really awesome hunting bow with a single stupid good arrow with 100% retrieval rate. All in all, get more content into the game and it's definitely solid!"
,Recommended,327860,28150735,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,OatHead (10r0),"This game is great. I got it during a sale at 50% off, because it isn't the sort of game I typically like, I waited for a sale. If I had known I'd like it this much, I wouldn't have waited.As others have said, it is relaxing and atmospheric. It can get kinda tense during some battles. When I started off, it was a toss-up whether I'd survive a 1-on-1 fight with another pirate. Now I have picked up/made some better gear and I can take on two regular pirates just fine, even a regular pirate and a more difficult pirate (cartographer, battlemaster, etc). However, I cannot yet kill or survive a fight with a pirate captain, so there is more for me to still do even though I've played the game for 14+hrs at this point. There are more boats for me to get, and having read some of the wiki for the game I see there are more difficult fights to come.The game is a lot of fun, I always wonder what I will find on the next island. I think the way they did the map (do it yourself manually based on what you have encountered, just like a pirate would have done historically) was a great idea. I eagerly look forward to future multiplayer games."
76561198173321519,Recommended,327860,28014899,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Nicodemus WarBeard,"i'm really liking this game, bought it and played 9 hours straight. There is a lot of stuff to do in this game crafting, fighting, sailing, and exploring. I can see many more hours of enjoyment in my future :)"
,Recommended,327860,28661507,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,jhunal,"I haven't played a majority of the content in this game mainly because I find it so relaxing to do nothing but sail around. It's lovely. I recommend it on that alone, plus the wealth of stuff you can do past that."
76561197969753593,Recommended,327860,28655496,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Old man Stu,"I bought this game some time ago and never got around to playing it, but recently I saw an LP of it and thought I'd give it a go. So glad I did as I am now a full fledged pirate killer sailing the seas on my freshly stolen Old Pirate Ship.It seemed pretty aimless at first, but there are actually a lot of quests to take and islands full of pirates, merchants and loot. It definitely scratches the exploration itch I crave in games and I find myself thinking about what I am going to do next in the game when i am just sat watching TV.Definitely recommend."
,Recommended,327860,28772877,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Yonatan Keselman,"This game is great, you get to explore an infinite procedurally generated ocean, build ships, customize your ships, fight pirates,go fishing,do quests,read lore books,and more,While i did encounter a few bugs while playing none of them were game-breaking and they will probably get patched,the game is fun and is getting frequent updates, highly recommend"
,Recommended,327860,28770340,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Len,"This is great. When I need to relax and unwind I just open the game and lose myself in cartography and exploration. The gathering can be a little irritating, I wish I could chop down trees instead of just finding fallen logs, but it works out well as a mechanic because it's a rather zen sort of game."
76561198031230688,Recommended,327860,28760381,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,beerman7bb,"Good fun.  I have had the game for a couple months and have been amazed at the progress.  If you like the idea of an open world pirate game, this is worth a shot."
76561198094542575,Recommended,327860,21702598,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Ascii Silnian,"Since my first (Not recommended) review, i have reinstalled the game and given it another try. Definitely still not as good as i had hoped, maybe you can add a bit more interactivity? Crafting is too easy. Maybe add more tools or something like that. This is definitely a good game with plenty of potential. Not recommended for those who don't have any patience."
76561198172200962,Recommended,327860,32130791,Posted: 2 June,all,Beliant,"wonderful game, challenging and relaxing at the same time, active devs, I can see this game launching in the future (diferent of many early access that would never be launched) this one gonna be finnished!"
76561198150198676,Recommended,327860,33078843,Posted: 1 July,all,wow bread,"A very fun game with an islander kind of stranded look. It reminds me of unturned, but more of a stranded outlook!I would recommend this!"
,Recommended,327860,19259392,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,INTPenguin6214,"Salt in my opinion is a great game with lots of potential. Its not for everybody, make sure you try the demo before buying. The game has LOTS of content, when reading negative reviews people seem to give up before they manage to scratch the surface.  If you can run this game on max settings the game can be really beutiful, the soundtrack is great, and I love the mystery this game can give you.The game is very chill. Its slow paced, you can't expect sudden action.The game does make you grind quite a bit. If you can't handle that than its not for you.Like I said, try the demo! And see if you like it."
76561197983781054,Recommended,327860,31127338,Posted: 13 April,all,Pvt. Rath,"Love the game! Went from scraping by and barely surviving to cruising the deep blue as a one man pirate operation with a tricked out ship.... and still feel like I have no idea what I'm doing, or that I'm missing things to progress the story.You can mess around for days in one area and build supplies or scavenge or stay on the move working on quest items or rng treasure. The last update I played (there have been a couple and multiplayer added since) added maps and the ability to make your own map. Since you load a ""game"" each time the coordinates of certain things you may need or wish to find are ever-moving.  There were a few bugs with characters not being somewhere or vanishing/clipping, but rather rare honestly.Performance wise it is a small install/download (500mb) and ran very well for me although I had some slow-down after packing myself down with logs/numerous items and there being numerous objects on screen or loaded.  I had read they were working on animals despawning more consistently and other things like grass/trees to improve this, however.Graphically it is simple yet has beautiful moments and possible views.  The characters are a little bland initially but soon grow on you as you interact and/or kill them.  The art style is nostalgic yet creative and you can see future possibilities as endless with the smallest tweaks or changes if they feel so inclined at some point.When I played (been busy, waiting a few updates) it was quickly addictive and fed the progression urges for several days anytime I had a moment. I would definitely buy it again just to try and make sure the devs continue updating and completing their vision.  Give it a try with the trial and if you like it at all, just buy it before you play the demo for 2 months... I have no idea why I just wrote all this but I like the game, and if you were meme'd here, you probably need to chill out and play this game for a few hours a week."
76561198021837454,Recommended,327860,31193156,Posted: 16 April,all,[DFS] DumbBeard,"I swear if that compass points me west but I end up headed east one more time I'M THROWING THIS DAMN THING IN THE OCEAN!----Nice relaxing ship game with a very nice looking ocean and proceedurely generated isles. Navagation is a bit screwy. the sun seems to set in the east instead of the west and the compass is almost impossible to read (do I follow the red arrow or the white arrow?)You can hit the seas on a crappy little raft or steal a big ol' pirate ship and sail the waves (while listening to Alestorm, they're not in the game, I just recommend it.)"
,Not Recommended,327860,21483030,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,cslantz (watersed),"Alright, after reading a couple reviews, playing the game for a little bit longer, I've decided to adjust my review. The game has an amazing concept, high potential, and a great team working on it, who update quite frequently and keep us playing with info, in fact, they are even adding multiplayer. However, the gameplay is alot different than what people are saying. I felt lied to by these reviews, telling me how there is tons of things to do, how there are bosses everywhere, lots of quests, cool weaponry, however, with my time in a single save, mind you, I had only crafted a sailboat, was stuck with a mediocre axe, and the closest I ever got to a boss was a pirate who had a jacket and black hair with a beard. The reviews make it seem amazing, going island to island, fighting ancient bosses, sailing the seas, gathering materials to make a awesome sword. While true, it doesn't play out as easy as that way. The map system is some cartography type, where you list your location, save it on a map, and then sail all the way back when you really need to. There is no way to tell where you really are, other than a sextant that tells you whether you are 1 west, 1 east, 1 north, 1 south, which isn't easy to use and can't be depended on. After going island to island, I found almost nothing different other than the same old logs, same repetitive pirates with a boring combat system, maybe a random guy isolated on a island telling me to go across the ocean to find a shovel he doesn't even know where it is located, boulders, deer and maybe a special black or white deer, abandoned hut, and if I'm lucky, insanely lucky, I can find a pirate camp. Not once a boss, innkeeper, ""ancient being"" and definently no rare sword. I tried using some default map on a website and it helped me get no where. Honestly, my final words, look more into the game, try the demo, and if you enjoy the demo or like what you see, buy the game. Do not trust these short typed reviews."
76561198336740444,Recommended,327860,31090511,Posted: 11 April,all,skyyeager99,"I think this game is off to a great start. I really enjoy the idea Salt presents, building your own ship, upgading it, and exploring a world full of unique missions and items.The graphics, while simple, are clean. And although steering your ship is difficult at first and the mechanics awkward, it does eventually become easier. The method of attack is uncomplicated and boring, and I do hope that there is a plan to elaborate on this and make a more unique feature.The most important thing to note about this game is that there is much need for improvement. That shouldn't be a surprise since this is an early access game. I would say that currently this game is at it's barest bones, and while this is the case, I can also comfortably say that it is still very enjoyable at this stage, which makes me eager to see it as a finished product.I do not want to tell you to go buy this game. It didn't make a significant impact on me, but I doenjoy this game and I definitely suggest checking out the demo, as I have found it is not very different from the actual game."
,Recommended,327860,29398995,Posted: 21 January,all,DrollyB,"Brings me back to the countless days I spent roaming and charting the islands of Wind Waker, only this time with less graphing paper.I am also enjoying the limited tutorial, as it gives me a reason to wander even more as I figure out mechanics. Sometimes the less you know the more rewarding the journey.Great game thus far and look forward to future updates!"
76561198055996772,Recommended,327860,29344558,Posted: 18 January,all,Big Panda,"A great exploration game that I'll be coming back to time and time again. However I think the developers could continue improving on it. I would love to see settlements that are not filled with pirates. Also the whole resource colletion thing seems odd to me, I have a pirate axe but can't cut down a tree? I get they aren't shooting for realism but I would have loved to chop down a tree for that final log when I was repairing what is now my ship. But overall it's a great game and look forward to playing it for a long time to come."
,Recommended,327860,33040315,Posted: 30 June,all,Electro,Has great potential. Even now it's enjoyable to play.
76561197965254610,Not Recommended,327860,24115154,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,IR2Bad,"Unfortunately, while Salt is a fun and unique game, I cannot recommend it. This is mainly due to the fact that the player is forced to make their own map. Rather than explored islands showing up on a minimap, the player must add an island to the map theirself. This normally wouldn't be terrible, but you might explore up to 10 islands per hour. Not only that, but navigating to your marked islands isn't easy. Instead of a simple player marker that shows what direction they are facing, you have to use a compass to find what direction youre facing, along with using a sextant to find where you are on the map. Overall it's very tedious and annoying for a game marketed as ""relaxing"".Finally, I should note that on my first and only saved game that had over 60 hours, I could not progress any further due to a gamebreaking bug."
76561198060393295,Recommended,327860,23272589,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Råger,is gud
,Recommended,327860,14077329,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,TwoBits,"/****** UPDATE **********/Well, 18 months later, I have given Salt another run. A lot has improved -- graphics, combat, and quests come to mind, and the devs are on the brink of releasing multiplayer! But let's see how Salt fares with the specific items for which I docked it 18 months ago:1. Environments: still lacking. While the game includes a greater variety of tropical and jungle islands, they do not differ very much, and there is still an overall lack of interesting places to explore on the islands themselves.2. Activities: this has had a big overhaul. There are many quests, a litany of new pirate types and bosses, and ship customization! I still would like to see activities like cave and dungeon crawling, however.3. Loot: Thumbs up! There far more quest-specific items, items from combat, and items to craft now.4. NPCs/Creatures: there are more NPCs now, such as merchants and innkeepers, but the game is still heavily lacking in native biology beyond deer and spiders. They did add sea turtles, and I've seen screenshots of sharks (though never encountered them).5. Sailing has improved twofold. Fishing is still fun, but I love the ability to deeply customize your cruising ship, to manually map out the world (harkening back to windwaker), and to use cartographic tools like the sextant and the compass.6. Music... better! But still a quiet game. I respect the developers' design decision to make it this way, but I cannot lie that I have a better experience while listening to tracks from Windwaker.Conclusion: for the price, I do think Salt is now worth a buy, particularly with multiplayer so close. The game is a relaxing nautical adventure across a massive world, and I find myself returning to it again and again in the face of the usual chaotics that occupy the top sellers list on steam. But my recommendation comes with a heavy warning...Development on Salt is SLOW. At the pace of development, it may be years yet until all of the promised content is delivered. The game now provides 10-15 hours of fun, and up to several dozen more depending on your tolerance for repetition. If you want more than that, Salt is no more than an investment.For me, it has been a sound investment, if only one that is taking its time to pan out./***************************/This is early access, and while the game is quite stable and beautiful to me, it's also fairly empty. Islands contain mostly the same biome: a standard tropical environment with trees and bushes. Sometimes you'll find deer and rare resources. If you're lucky, you'll find some pirates on an island and some treasure chests. There is an early selection of loot to obtain. Other than that, after 4-6 hours you will have seen most of what there is to see.Nonetheless I love the premise and potential to this game. A massive, island-scattered world to calmly explore, with manual ship control and plenty of ships to build. The  Windwaker-styled art and seafaring give this game real character. It's all immensely exciting and I do think the developers will succeed. In many ways they already have, as I personally have had a swell time.But before I can recommend it to the general gaming audience, it needs more of the following:- Environments. Snowcapped islands, deserts, volcanic peaks and flow, cities, etc. Exploration demands variety here.- Activities to do on the islands. Let's see some dungeons and homes to explore, castles on cliffs, etc. Quests that aren't fetch quests.- Loot: more weapons and armor and categories.- More NPC's and creatures than just pirates and spiders and deer. I'd love to see the developers tap into various mythology for creatures to inhabit the islands and the sea, for example. Imagine leviathans occasionally slithering out of the deep sea and peaceful whales surfacing for air.- Speaking of the sea: there should be more to do while sailing. Whether that means interacting with creatures, dropping anchors, searching for treasure on the sea floor, anything to reduce the monotony would help. The fishing is good, but could be expanded.- Music. The main-menu music is a beautiful, Elder-Scrolls-like tune. But music rarely plays in the game itself, and it needs to start a little more often.The good news is the developer is targeting many of these features and the game is still early in development. I have high hopes for this title, and once I feel it has solved some of these issues, I will update this review accordingly.(but if you're like me, a gamer who loves nautical and exploration games who can overlook some of the emptiness, then by all means jump right in!)"
,Recommended,327860,34788202,Posted: 6 September,all,MiniMooCow,Love it cant waut till multiplayer!!!!
,Recommended,327860,34976971,Posted: 15 September,all,erradical,I really like open world sandbox games. Salt has plenty of sandy beaches and you get to float around on a wooden box so it is a fun game for me.
76561197973206270,Recommended,327860,30196895,Posted: 26 February,all,SubFunc,"Really enjoying this game. Relaxing, intriguing, uniquely beautiful. I'd say it is definitely worth a purchase.The sense that there is so much to explore saturates this game, and even just sitting in your boat/ship reading on of the many books that you will collect on your journey with the stars overhead is a mesmerising experience.It is not difficult to get into but it never feels like the game holds your hand. You have a map, but it is blank, obviously; you're sailing uncharted waters. You have to fill in the map as you go, but this doesn't feel cumbersome, it only adds to the sense that this is YOUR adventure as you jot down places/people of interest that you think you will need to return to.I hope the developers keep adding content to this, as it has the potential to be a real classic, with both size and depth. Loving it."
,Recommended,327860,35346947,Posted: 30 September,all,「§NG」| Crismo - [Nick],"I'd give the game right now a solid 61%.A positive rating-ish mark.Reminds me of the game Unturned in the very beginning, right now its extremely simplistic in everything. The sound is pretty basic, the atmosphere is very generic, the island buildings and generation is very simplistic, graphics are pretty simplistic, advancing is slow and annoying, the map feature is cool but also really annoying at the same time, and there's all sorts of things that make this game just a very basic shell at the moment.With time I hope it evolves into something more.There's a couple things that really bother me- The gathering system sucks.- You can't cut trees yet they are everywhere?!- Everytime you shoot a deer they run across the island.- The brightness. Oh. My. God.- Not enough islands.- Islands that are impossible to walk across because they're just a series of mountain tops.- Way too grindy for everything.I mean, it's an early access game, this is to be expected. I like the game. I just might have to wait 6-12 months before I continue playing because there's so much that needs to be done."
,Recommended,327860,35156600,Posted: 23 September,all,BloodixJamz,"Really good game! I really loved playing it because it is relaxing, the exploration is realistic and the boats are amazing. I really recommend it if you like to be a real explorer and do quests, merch or killing pirates."
76561198074918980,Recommended,327860,35483097,Posted: 4 October,all,NuclearTrinity,"It's oddly immersive for what it is.  Sailing alone on the ocean, you can practically feel the spray of the waves.  Walking along the shore, you can feel the sun hot sun on your back.  Walking through the woods, you feel the leaves and trees.Again.  It's odd how immersive this game is.  Perhaps the low-poly/texture graphics leave a lot to the imagination.It's a nice, relaxing game.(The only part that isn't immersive is the pirates and NPCs.  They're pretty cheesy :) )"
,Recommended,327860,35481341,Posted: 4 October,all,Kitsou,Pretty relaxing and very caribbean-like atmosphere
76561198177760678,Recommended,327860,35480559,Posted: 4 October,all,dwallace9894,"Interesting game,,liking the map creation and simple combat system,hours and hours of gameplay,endless ,fun for everyone."
11111222223333444,Recommended,327860,35521019,Posted: 6 October,all,Duke,"I've really enjoyed myself on it. Runs really well, music is great, has just enough depth to make me want to learn more but not so much I get ""can't be bothered"" mindset.Overall really good."
