user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,327930,12533141,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Whiterabbit-uk,"I never expected to see this on Steam.  Originally released back in 1992, I played this to death for over 2 years virtually every day for hours at  a time. IMO it's still one of the best  and very underrated RPG's ever released, with a depth that most RPG's never attain.  With three levels of game play, a traditional text based adventure, a map based movement system and a Gauntlet/Baldurs  like  battle system.  With the whole of  15th century  Germany which included  Poland and other outlying  present day coutries you've got a massive area to explore (over the  period I played it, I still hadn't visited every city and  at least  50% of the missions were left unexplored.I never thought  Darklands would  end up in Steams library considering the games age.   It  was one of the first RPG's I ever played that I throughly enjoyed and is one of those games   that's almost impossible to complete if you like exploring every point on  the main map, so this is more of a discussion rather than a review of a completed game.  It may appear that I've only played this  game for a few hours, but that's just my Steam version.The game was originally released back in 1992.   With three levels of game play, including a text based system for making basic choices for example going to the cathedral to learn about a new saint or going to  the alchemist   to learn about  a new potion or to buy rare  chemicals, or to find   new quests from the local branch of the Hansiatic Leage or the Templars,  There was also  a map for movement  around Europe.  you could choose to go  to some cities directly from the ports if the  city was located on a large river or coastal region, otherwise you'd have to brave the   routes on the map. you could of course  stray from the  known routes, but you were more likely to  be attacked by  unsavory outlaws, robber knights, withces etc.  The third   and most interesting part of the game was the  Gauntlet/Baldurs  like battle system. When this was released it was a breath of fresh air compared to the games I was playing at the time.  I spent hundreds (if not thousands) of hours creating characters and exploring the large map that covered most of medieval Europe. It had one of the most complex character customisation schemes I've ever found in a game that to my knowledge has never been surpassed by any game. All the weapons, armour, magic and saints were heavily researched by the developers and most of the content was based on true accounts of life  back in Medieval Europe.   The magic system was largly alchemical in nature and used  the chemicals of the time such as Oil of Vitriol (Sulphuric Acid) Aqua Regia (nitric and hydrochloric acids), plumbago (graphite) and saltpeter (Potassium Nitrate) as well as many more.  These were mixed in various  combinations to create potions   that  could heal yourself and/or your team whereas others could hinder  or harm  your enemies.  The effectivness of these potions also  depended  on  your alchemical  abilities, which could be improved by either practicing alchemy or  paying for knowledge from a local alchemists. I f your Alchemy was low (all attributes had a range of 1 to 100 apart from the main ones such as Strength, Agility, Stamina,  Intelligence), you stood a good chance of  failing to make the potions you were  trying to create and you could even  lose health  if the concotion exploded.  The game also leaned heavily on the lore and superstitions of the time the game was set in, with witches, werewolves,  the Hansiatic League, Templars, robber knights and  other denizens of the dark ages. It's a brilliant game that  I never expected to see  on Steam (It's also available as a drm free copy via GOG).With the whole of  15th century  Germany which encompassed  Poland and other outlying  present day coutries you've got a massive area to explore (over the  period I played it, I still hadn't visited every city and  at least  50% of the missions were left unexplored).There's   the usual character customisation, though there are a lot more attributes to consider as well as  character improvement and  the actual battles against witches, robber barons, magical beasts, werewolves, and  encounters with less violent, but still demanding  characters such as bishops who demand tolls to pass their path.   You'll  pick up loot from your fallen victims as well as gold, which is then used to buy items from the various outlets.  Upgrading your armour or  buying more effective weapons from the armouries, or buying much needed  ingredients to craft  more healing potions, or other useful  alchemical  concotions, or getting blessed by various saints in the monstries and cathedrals, or  being trained in  various crafts of the time.  All of which cost  money;  using  the monetary system of the period i.e.  pfenniges, groschen and florins.  You can  pick up missions via  text based  meetings in the local hostelry, or  from  meetings with various  guilds and religious places. Each  having different mission types.This game despite its age can still enthrall a dedicated RPG player  especially if you love  real history as this game is heavily steeped in the lore and beliefs of the time.  The selection of weapons is immense, the  ability to craft  different potions whether for healing or for battle are massive, but they aren't easy to  attain right away.   You'll need to spend many hours playing the game and  improving your characters abilities to be able to  create  some of the  alchemical formula that  are required to  progress  through some of the many missions available in this game. Each town you visit you can purchase the ingredient to craft your potions, or visit an alchemist to gain  more skill so as to create better and more effective potions or to visit  the local churches, monasteries or cathedrals to  train in the religious beliefs of the time and  thereby  gain more saintly help (these include healing prayers, and  temporary  skill improvements during battle).  There's a list of saints as long as  your arm that you can choose from, each one having their own distinct characteristics.  You won't find all of the saints in each town either.  You'll need to visit virtually every holy place in  Germany to  be able to usitilise them all.There's so much more to this game.  Don't let the very dated  graphics put you off this game; once you've got  several missions under your belt and have improved your  groups skills to the point where you can   be effective, the game starts to become a lot deeper.Also the Steam version includes  a copy of the original 107 page manual, which is one of the most in depth manuals  from that era that you could possibly wish for; with descriptions of all of the weapons, armor,   ingredients,  potion recipes  and prayers that are available in game as well as historical background and tips on how to get the most out of this game.  Every aspect of the game is detailed in those pages.   They have scanned the original and added it to  a pdf document, which is accessible from the right hand menu under links on the games library page,You can see some Darklands game playHERE,HEREandHERE"
,Recommended,327930,17275068,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,fleur,"Darklands is one of the most unique, deep and innovative RPGs of all time. One of the first games to feature an open world, it is also notable for its setting - a mostly accurate depiction of the 15th c. Holy Roman Empire. I say mostly, because within this game, creatures of medieval myth and Germanic folklore are depicted as being real, so the woods are full of monsters, witches pose a grave threat, and dragons (who are, of course, servants of Satan) ravage the land from time to time, requiring that a band of brave heroes lock them back up to await the Second Coming, or, more likely, die in the attempt. For the most part, though, gameplay involves travelling across the world, fighting monsters, bandits and robber barons while doing the odd job for a village schulz or Medici banker.Gameplay consists of three distinct components - travelling across the world on the overworld map, choose-your-own-adventure style events within towns and dungeons, and combat encounters/dungeons that take place on a smaller scale tactical map. The dungeons can be a pain to navigate at first, as the characters move painfully slowly and the pathfinding is about as good as you'd expect for a game from 1992.The game mechanics are quite complex and involved, and though they might seem a bit impenetrable at first glance, everything feels quite good once you understand how it works. As suits the setting, the player characters (as decent servants of Christ) have no access to traditional RPG magic - instead, your supernatural abilities involve dabbling in alchemy to produce potions with spectacular effects and praying to Catholic Saints for intervention. Improving these abilities involves tracking down new formulae and getting lessons in hagiography at the local cloister, respectively. These are quite easily the game's most obtuse mechanics, and I'd say that there's no shame in looking up a guide for information on which of the game's seemingly endless number of saints do what exactly, and what the stat requirements are to call upon their aid, or how alchemy even works in the first place.Like any good RPG, as well, this game offers plenty of opportunities for roleplaying, as well as the ability to make choices, moral and otherwise. However, the right answer most often isn't what's the most sensible to you, the player, but what would be most sensible to a medieval German Catholic. As a consequence, you can really get into the Deus Vult mindset in this game, slaughtering whole villages for disrespecting the mass and playing toady to the Church hierarchy. There is a storyline to complete as well, involving Satan, the Knights Templar, the Wild Hunt and the witches' black Sabbath, though that's something that's likely to emerge only after you've proceeded rather far along in the sandbox.If you're the sort of person that can enjoy hardcore, old-school RPGs, I would recommend this game with every fibre of my being."
76561197991657927,Recommended,327930,17382368,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,MrMuse,"Huge and initially complex, it's a nice game if you can stomach the graphics that floated in with the Ark. But BE WARNED...keep the player manual open when you play this because it has ancient manual-based copy protection where it will randomly ask you to give some symbol from the manual...if you pick the wrong answer you will be kicked from the game and lose everything you have done.NOTE TO DEVS AND PUBLISHERS: NEVER RE-RELEASE A GAME WITHOUT REMOVING THIS TERRIBLE EXCUSE FOR COPY PROTECTION"
,Recommended,327930,14669588,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Ich Kampfe,Started GameWalk around cityGo to massGo to slumsLive in slumsGo to Mass againWalk out of city in broad daylightRoam outside of city with no purposeTry to sneak into cityGuards catch me and ask me where my toll isTry to befriend the guards to get me in without having to payThe guards tell me I'm wanted for a crimeI go without a struggleI'm now in a cellI pray for hoursI ask for priestI confess sins to priestPriest leavesI pray some moreI decide to start digging my way out with a spoonTunnel 15% doneTunnel 30% doneGuard hears me diggingGuard gets friends to beat me upI'm thrown into a new cellI pray for hoursI ask for a priestI ask priest to put in a good word for mePriest agreesI pray some moreI decide to try and dig againTunnel 14% doneTunnel 30% doneTunnel 60% doneGuards come and take me to my trialI'm accused of breaking the laws of God and manI am sentenced to deathI spit on the executionerI am beheaded10/10 I was never told what I did.
76561197970344902,Recommended,327930,12576829,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Blastaz,This is the best RPG ever made. It is the game that my child hood fixated on. When my dad beat this game I thought he was the coolest man alive.It costs about five bucks. Please now go and buy this game. No one has made a finer simulation of rpg combat in an only slightly fantastical fourteenth century Holy Roman Empire.Never since have you been able to take a loan from the Medici to buy some plate armour in Nurnburg to go and cap a Kobold mine...
76561198066656953,Recommended,327930,12572786,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,lazy.medic,"This game was brilliant for its time.   The graphics are dated, and the interface is clunky, but this is one of my favorite old RPGS.  I'd love to see someone develop a modern version of this game.Some strengths:-character creation-great (for its time) combat system-open map-interesting plot-local and regional reputation based on actions-Saints providing different abilities-alchemic formula'sSome weaknesses:-Some Robber Baron, thug, and wilderness encounters get pretty mundane-Its a very old gameReally, this game is a classic.  With some updated graphics it could be a fun game to play.  Really, you should probably only buy it if you want a taste of a fantastic old game.  I occasionally have searched for this game on Steam, and was excited when a friend showed me that it had appeared.Cheers."
76561198008010901,Recommended,327930,13228899,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Kreckelberg,"This is one of my favorite games of all time. I like it so much, I bought it the second I saw it on Steam, even though I still have a working original copy. This is not your usual fantasy RPG. It takes place in a painstakingly detailed medieval Germany (which, in terms of RPGs, actually comes off as far more exotic than the dozens of Tolkien/D&D inspired worlds we've seen over the years.) Younger players will probably be a bit lost at first, as the game lacks the kind of comprehensive interface you see in more modern titles. It's the kind of game you played with the map taped to the wall & a notebook at your desk. It would benefit hugely from a remake, in my opinion, like the one they did with Sid Meier's Pirates several years ago. At any rate, I'd say it's worth picking up if you have some patience & want to experience a classic."
,Recommended,327930,17940873,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Hugh Jass,"An RPG from Microprose that, to my knowledge, was the only RPG Micropose ever released. And you know what? It may not have aged well, as in at all, but oh, how it puts some games to shame! Basically, one of the earliest examples, if not *the* earliest example, of an open-ended Role-Playing Game, you have everything you could want just about in this one package!Character creation: Whoo, boy! This game has a very complex, but very fun and interesting, character creation system. While you only have so much to choose from for your character's sprite, the real fun comes from choosing which skills you want each party member to have. For example, want to have a well-balanced party like the game manual suggests? Go right ahead. Want a party full of big strong warriors who are dumb as a bucket of rocks but can wear all armor and wield heavy weapons without breaking a sweat? You can do that. Maybe you want to have just one character to be an alchemist and have the rest be what would be considered in many modern RPGs as a ""paladin,"" nothing is going to stop you. Now, having said that, there is no ""traditional class"" system, it all depends on your characters attributes and skills, and you can alter them (within reason) to your liking. There is no ""true"" right-or-wrong party here.Open-ended Sandbox: When this game, and anyone else who's played it says ""Wide open-ended sandbox gameplay"", they aren't kidding. To give you some small idea, your whole party always meets at the inn of some random city in the game, and their main goal in life is to bring honor and glory to their names, and to avoid evil and do good. After you've spent some time in your party's starting city killing bandits and building up their reputation and skills, you're ready to head out into the wide-open world... of Midieval Germany (which isn't really a world, it's just a country) and pick any random direction and begin travelling, fighting bandits, raubritters (robber knights) and witches and devils left, right, and center, with hardly any story, and you have this game pretty much. Trust me on this, though; it's much more fun than it sounds.Music: For music, there's not that much, but for what there IS, you can almost immediately tell by how the music sounds in a particular situation what is about to happen. For example, if you're near a dragon's lair, the music becomes creepy, ominous. In towns, the music gives off a sense of peace. If you get attacked by bandits, the music sounds like something's about to jump out and attack you which, more often than not, will.I don't know if there's too much else to say about the game, other than it mixes RPG elements with Choose-Your-Own-Adventure books, and with the beautiful hand-drawn artwork, could you blame them? Now, yes, the game DOES have it's shortcomings, like being slow, and the game sometimes being rigged against the player, and the copy-protection kicking you out of the game if you should choose the wrong answer, but other than that, it's a game that if you really needed something to do, then I honestly can't recommend it enough. But if you're coming to this game looking for character-development and a good story, as much as I'm ashamed to say, you won't find it here.I'll leave with this: Darklands was, basically, the Midieval German Elder Scrolls version of Ultima III: Exodus. If you like either of those games, then I feel certain that you'll like this one, as well"
,Recommended,327930,12546032,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,dethb0y,"Probably the best computer RPG ever made.Between it's incredible breadth of activities, it's focus on exploration, and it's tactical depth (the combat engine is particuarly well done, even by today's standards), it's a true stand-out.There's a giant world to explore and you can put your faith into saints, alchemy, or your own right arm while you explore it, making the world a hopefully better place.Absolutely a classic that i can't recommend strongly enough."
76561198006248309,Recommended,327930,12536102,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Ragebox,"This game is the Dark Souls of the early 90's.The music, the 108 page manual, the agony, all brings back fond memories."
76561198027339085,Recommended,327930,20102625,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,gongo,"I received this game as a Christmas gift when I was a child. It came on something like a dozen floppy discs and took forever to install. I had to edit my AUTOEXEC.BAT and compress my HDD with Stacker for DOS, but it was worth it. Years later, and the game has stood the test of time. Games today can only dream of rivaling the rich lore and story behind Darklands and I remember poring over the included book and artwork as a child. The combat hasn't aged super well and the text can be a little difficult to read at times but you won't find better character creation anywhere. Get this game!"
76561198120966638,Recommended,327930,12584614,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Drawpier,Darklands is an old scool sanbox game with tons of options.  It's gameplay is not quite like any rpg ever made before or since.  You mght say in many ways this game is the exact opposite of Skyrim. Complicated hard and unforgiving. Skyrim for me was like a trip to disneyland. Darklands is more like a trip down the Amazon without a paddle. You will however learn more about midieval Germany playing this game than you will watching ten documentaries on the subject..A warning however. this is a game best played with the manual in your lap. I also have a full color copy of the map with all the locations listed in the corner with map refrence numbers.  I don't know how you can play this game without them. You will in particular need the list of saints and what benefits they provide along with all the alchemical formulas. But mostly will you need that list of locations and where the cities are. You will get quests to go to a city that you've never heard of and will have a hard time finding it on the in game map.  Also the copy protection is still in place and the first time you leave your starting city you will need the manual for that.In closing Darklands is a bit of an aquired taste. I liked it. I liked the idea of playing with real weapons and armor as opposed to the fanciful equipemt in most other games. I also liked the challenge. But this is not a game for those who like their rpg's to be fast moving. Or who don't like finding death in the wildnerness by everything from winter storms to wild boars
76561198033886271,Recommended,327930,12643835,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,The Black Baron,"Darklands is a great in-depth role playing game set in the Holy Roman Empire, spanning much of modern day Germany, Belgium, Denmark and the Netherlands. It has detailed locations and text-based descriptions, accompanied by beautiful early graphics; depicting places such as churches, townsquares and taverns. Combat and the exploration of certain locations are set in a well executed isometric environment, where you control up to four characters. Exploration of the game world is further shown on a humongous map, spanning all of the Holy Roman Empire, dotted with dozens of towns and cities.Medieval Europe is realistically portrayed in this game, as if seen through the eyes of a person living in that age. Superstitious things like demons and the beneficial effects of saints are very real ingame. Magic makes way for alchemy and the worship of the divine.I recommend Darklands to anyone who enjoys detailed RPGs, a medieval setting, or just a trip down memory lane in one of the earliest graphical roleplaying experiences.The game on Steam comes with great documentation, which can be found in your game's folder. Including a manual and cluebook (both over 100 pages long!) and a map of the gameworld. I highly suggest you check these out before and during play, even if you are a veteran of many RPGs. Oh, and be sure to visit the steam discussions to learn how to configure your game's sound!"
,Recommended,327930,12546105,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,LazySamurai,"One of my favorite classic games ever! This relatively unknown game from the dark ages of PC gaming was way ahead of its time. This game is awesome for its customization options, free open world roaming, character skills, different ways to solve quests, histoical + fantasy setting, replayability and good atmosphere overall.Word of warning, when you play this game, do not be alarmed by the outdated graphics or it's oldschool difficulty setting. If you give it an hour and get the feeling of what you need to do you will love it and keep it in your list of game classics, just like I did al those years ago.Be prepared for a dark and gruesome journey into medieval Germany. It's not for the fainthearted, for you will not leave it unscathed. Don't be afraid to die.. often."
,Recommended,327930,14017401,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Dougie Jones,"Darklands may be visually outdated but is still to this day WAY ahead of it's time, it has the deepest character creation of all RPG's combined and by far the largest in scale, if you can look past the visuals you're in for an immersive, realistic world that feels alive. Doubt we will ever have anything that remotely matches this games attention to detail."
,Recommended,327930,28771198,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Merble,"It's pretty much the ugliest, clunkiest and most rage inducing RPG I've ever played happily for hours at a time.  I've easily played five hundred hours on the free versions before the netgaming behemoths bought it up. There are probably still free copies available but the Steam version runs neatly and deals with dosbox config for the braindead and technically illiterate.The music will make your ears bleed, turn it off.The font will hurt your eyes, pretend you're in it for the retro appeal.The colors will bug out sometimes, burning variations of cyan and pink into your memories of childhood.The game will destroy your party repeatedly. You'll get the hang of it and then the forest will politely explain it's idea of fantasy to you... then demons... then revenge demon-dogs... then ... wizards? ...Some people may feel these are unfair points to hold against a game so dated... I say 'Right, but shove it because this is the best damn RPG ever made and thus deserves the harshest criticism one can muster.'10/10"
76561198084632155,Recommended,327930,12577868,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,creepieprowlie,"I was obsessed with this game back in college and spent hours playing. This game along with Arcanum is the game by which I judge all other RPGs which probably isn't entirely fair. Darklands has an expansive world and is probably the most open ended game I've ever played. The character creation is one of the best I've encountered. I cannot recommend this game highly enough and I'm so happy to have it in my possession again. I wish that this game would get a much needed remake that would do it the justice it deserves. I don't know if that's even possible, but it would be something I'd love to see."
,Recommended,327930,12713978,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,EmberLight,"I recommend this game, but i need to say a few things first.This game has a manuel with 106 pages. However, there is a quickstart guide in it. Also, At the time of writing, there is one user-made guide on steam and I recommend you read that too. The game can be hard sometimes and character creation takes a lot of time and some characters can die easily.The graphics are as basic as they gan get and the font is hard to read (unless you play minecraft and you're used to it). Still, the images at text-menu's are amazing.The game consists mainly of text-based gameplay, but the combat is semi turn based.One of the most interesting things of darklands is its character creation system. You get to choose their name, their nickname, gender, in what family they were born in and what jobs they had in their life. What jobs you choose for them will increase certain skills and how many skill points you can add to those skills.If a character dies or you want to get rid of him, you can visit an inn and let a party member retire or make a new one.In games like command and conquer you usely end up building an army of tanks and roll them into the enemy camp.But now you only have 4 characters, So you need to be carefull with making decisionsYou can control each character individually in combat.you can make them flee, use a certain attack strategy (parry,berserk) Make them throw a potion or make them surrender.Darklands does have a lot of features and encountersWhen traveling you can encounter bandits, or maybe some merchants you can trade with and a ton of other thingsIn a City you can sleep in an Inn, But if you're low on money you can also sleep in a park or an abadoned house.Merchants can give you information about hidden treasures and you can find people who can help you raise some of your characters skills.The world-map is huge, With a lot of historical towns and city's. Each city has his own unique places and quests.The only thing i dislike about it is that it is hard to get in to.Character creation takes a long time, and there's a good change your party gets turned into dogfood by a group of local thugs if your party isn't optimized. Also, you can't overwrite save's you made earlier, so you need to delete some old save's at some point to prevent the list from flooding.(tLike i said at the beginning, there is a guide at steam which can help you with the difficult character creation)If you like RPG's with a lot of detail and don't mind old graphics, this game is for you.(update) The game runs slow, but you can fix this by simple pressing ctrl + f12 a bunch of times and it will run faster.(Sorry for my bad english)"
76561198009790415,Recommended,327930,17635581,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,jmlarosee1,"Many, many moons ago, I played this game over at a buddy's house and was hooked for life.  Darklands set my personal standard of character development, opportunities to explore, battles, and survival.Overall (TL;DR): It is worth buying for $10 (USD) or less.Character Development: You have one real goal in the game, build a legacy.  Yes, there are quests and missions that ulitmately are important, but they are only the means by which you build your reputation.  The game doesn't end with completing the final storyline quest.  The character build provides variety for experimentation. (Other reviews provide indepth reviews of the begining build system.)Explore and Battle:  You are in medieval Germany wandering the towns, villages, countryside. You encounter pilgrims, nobles, bandits, robber barons, heretics, witches, wolves, fey folk, and more; helping or harming as you decide. I recommend staying in your initial town until you build up a respectable reputation 0by the local population before wandering elsewhere. Magic is in the form of Religion through prayer to various saints that may not answer your prayers to the use of Alchemy to create potions.Survival: Death is normal and expected in Darklands. The intial crew you build may not be the crew you finish with. The fights are not scaled to the characters. If you just started the game and attack a robber baron, I am glad you remebered to save your game. Wait, you didn't? Oh, well. Enjoy building more characters. In fact, your people get older with time and can retire or die of old age.Downsides: It is an old MS-DOS game which means it is not the fastest, most spectacular thing created. It takes time to develop and build the characters, no instant levels to awesome."
76561198053728169,Recommended,327930,12532493,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,HappyPhantom,"A classic RPG. Best character generation system for its day. Showing it's age, betting it's still fun fun fun."
,Recommended,327930,12598297,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Makraiz,"Dosbox port of the 1992 classic, Darklands!  I lost countless hours to this over two decades ago, and will do so again.  If you're not in it for the nostalgia reasons, then here is a basic review.Graphics - These were bad in even in 1992.  2/10Sound - Music is pretty good, despite being in MIDI form.  Still dated.  4/10Gameplay - Extremely complex and wonderful 11/10.  For a good idea how this works, look at some let's plays or try to get your hands on the old cluebook from 1992.Overall I think this game is worth the price, despite it's ancient graphics and sounds."
,Recommended,327930,12577291,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,MutantPoptart,"This game is a real RPG. And it might just be nostalgia talking, but one of the best RPGs ever put out. It does not have classes, you simply make a character and add to attributes & skills, choosing to age them for more life experience (Careers)  at the cost of all the troubles that come with age. The only complaint I ever had about the game was the font used, it can be hard to read at times. I figured this would be somewhat different than running the game in DOSBox when I got it on Steam but it seems to run it in DOSBox anyway.  Combat is similar to Baldur's Gate with the exception of the magic element being alchemy, so you create and throw potions.This game is not fast paced, so those with ADD should probably skip it but for those who love a great genuine RPG, this one if definitely worth a try.So here is hoping they add more great oldies on Steam (Master of Magic & Heretic anyone?)."
76561198049004079,Recommended,327930,12677950,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,[кък] Endymion,"10/10  worth the money, if you are okay with dealing with an older game.This game scratches an itch that I have had for quite a while.   I love the setting of 15th century Germany, something you don't see modern RPGs doing, due to weird modern ideas of what an RPG has to be.   There are no wizards, but rather alchemists.  The creatures you run into are all creatures that people at the time would have believed in.  There is no Story, but rather a quest to gain fame and fortune, kind of like Mount & Blade.  I must admit, I loved traveling the land to destroy the servants of evil, including demons, witches, and other monsters.  Compared to most games from the time, the game is fairly accessable, I figured out what to do, and how things worked within the first few hours of play.  The character creation is rather interesting, allowing you to choose your stats and background through intervals of 5 years of the character's life.   The older the character, the weaker he will be, and he may even die, so you will have to choose between a wise, old character with a bunch of skills, or a young adventurer with less skills, who will probably have better attributes.  This is more of a sandbox than a traditional RPG, and I have had tons of fun with it.Now, onto the few negatives.   If you have a problem with older graphics, this may not be for you, but most of the time you navigate the world through text screens with lovely backdrops.  This game does expect you to think, and you may want to read the manual(or at least skim for the controls).  As a matter of fact, you will have to go into the Steam directory for the game at least once, due to an old anti-piracy mechanic.  You have to answer a question about alchemical symbols that can be found on random pages.  In my experience, I have only had to do it once.  The game also starts off quite slow, which does not bother me personally.  Sometimes, you may gain negative reputation for something silly, like constantly pestering the lord of a city, but you generally figure out the way you should behave in this society.  If you want constant action and combat, and don't enjoy the roleplay aspect of games, you may want to pass on this game."
,Recommended,327930,17633347,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,rekurencjusz,"hasn't aged too well and the learning curve is pretty insane but when you  finally learn how to play it, it's a very deep, rewarding and non-linear RPG with multiple ways of solving basically every quest."
76561198007374930,Recommended,327930,28766014,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,gdreid,"This is a niche game, old-school, published a long time ago (early 90s), and looks and plays like it.  That having been said, I put hundreds of hours into my GOG copy of this game and bought this from Steam just to have it in my Steam library.It's essentially roleplaying in a low-magic semi-fantasy world - imagine Germany in the 15th century if all the old myths were true, and that's your setting.  Most of your opponents will be humans, but there's still some monsters out there.  Magic is a tool of the devil, so your characters won't have it, but alchemy may serve you well, and if you know religion well enough you might be able to invoke saints too.Combat is properly deadly, and until you get some decent armor (which will take you a long time) you should be prepared to lose characters and suffer a lot of setbacks.  Even after that, don't underestimate your enemies.  You never get to a point in Darklands where you can consider yourself ""safe"" from most foes.If you like old-school games this can be a ton of fun.  It hit the same kind of sweet spot for me that games like Age of Decadence do.  Not for everyone, but if my options are ""recommend"" or ""not recommend"", I'm gonna recommend it."
76561198000810767,Recommended,327930,12804427,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Glubber,"An RPG classic. Fantastic character creation and all around good sandboxy fun. It definitely says something for me that I still find myself coming back to play this thing 20 years later.THE GAME DOES COME WITH DOCUMENTATION for the ingame verification. One reviewer thought it didn't, but apparently didn't know where to look for it.Just right click on the game in your library and ""View player manual,"" and download it to wherever. At some point in the game it will show you a symbol and you'll have to say what it is, straight out of the manual.Enjoy!!!"
76561198190412633,Recommended,327930,15855441,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Theoderic,"I played this back in '92, had so much fun that it stuck in my memory as one of the most immersive games I have ever played.Still as good as I remember :)Not the most visually impressive game out there (even back in the day it was considered below average), however, if you still have an imagination, this world will become very real very quickly.Still dislike those money hungry Bishops and Monks :/"
76561198206674727,Recommended,327930,30417755,Posted: 9 March,all,007DBR9,"One thing that I have to say is it is from the 1990s so if you can't handle those graphics then RIP. But if you can, this will be a treat for you. It is set in the medieval era in modern day Germany, yes that means Gothic armor. It has a very accurate map with clear signs of tons of research. The items have a large enough variety so you most likely won't get bored of that, the currency is very accurat as well as the enemys. Other than things like Gargoils but that is what the medieval people thought existed at that time so I forgive the game for that. The amount of things to do in this game is crazy, such as find every ritturbritter and kill them all as well as become famous in every city/town. You can go on religious quests to get ""holy"" items that are just OP. Or be the bandit slayer and go around at night in citys killing every band of bandits you can find. Or explore mines and settle differences or kill dwarfs and kobalds. You really need to play this game to experience its glory. It is a must play for RPG lovers and should be more popular in my mind. Sorry for my spelling but this is a MUST purchase for anyone that likes this time period, as for me, my father showed it to be because I am in to the medieval era but not that fond of RPGs, at least then. Now RPGs are one of my favorite genres all thanks to Darklands. It is very worth the 7-8$ that you pay for it. By the way, when it came out it was on 15 or so flopy disks."
,Recommended,327930,22716835,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Cydonian Monk,"Stop reading this review and go buy Darklands. Build a party, train them from the cradle through their chosen trades. Go out adventuring. Study in the great universities, practice your alchemical ways. Learn the knowledge of the saints, find holy relics. Cleanse the possessed villages, protect the peasantry from robber barons. Pick fights, especially those you can't win. Lose. Lie bleeding, nigh unconscious on the ground. Watch helplessly as your party members, your friends, are cut down before you. Limp back to town and reconsider your life. Recruit a new party. Retire. Only then, once you've had your taste of the world that is Darklands, should you return to this review.Of course you won't need to, because you'll be playing Darklands for the next several decades. Enjoy."
76561198086859967,Recommended,327930,20518991,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,tragicironing,"Spent about a half hour customizing my party, only to die about 5 minutes into the game.  10/10"
76561198047588986,Recommended,327930,31946822,Posted: 24 May,all,syxthtysyxthsyx,"Not for First-Person-Shooter fans!  CLASSIC RPG with Complex Character Development.Unique departure from the persisting fantastic mythos, and well-implemented.Complex game dynamic; sufficiently open storyline for unique character skillsets and advancement.A unique, extraordinarily rare magick system based in alchemy.Primarily, historically accurate in both treatments of 15th-century-persisting mythics and magicks."
76561198163488071,Recommended,327930,17519987,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,ZiN,"A masterpiece by MicroProseThis game is right up there, in quality and complexity, with MicroProse's other legendary titles, such as X-COM: UFO Defense and Master of Magic/Orion. Darklands is the result of such geniuses trying their hand at an RPG.Features:A massive open world, in medieval Germany, with historically accurate towns, names, geography, economy, and so on. Everything is simulated in an extremely complex way, the world is very alive. The game was so complex, it actually required 5000 hours of testing, and even after that several patches were needed. The version on Steam is the latest and best one, of course.The game comes with a 100 page manual, edited with painstaking detail, to get the player into a medieval German mood, and teach a thing or two about history. And another 100 page Clue Book, which explains the highly complex mechanics of the game, besides adding even more to the mood.Very interesting classless, XPless character system. Creating a good party is by far the most complex and fun activity, compared to other RPGs (yes, even Wizardry). The characters are alive and the game always has something in the bag, to make them feel even more so and provide them with fun ways, to show off their strengths and weaknesses.A subtle and mysterious story, which requires the party to pay attention to small details, investigate, intrigue and fight their way through. Completing the game requires around 100 hours, but the player is allowed to take their time and progress at their own pace, so it can offer way more than that. New players will probably restart several times, once they're more familiar with the very unorthodox RPG system and world of the game, to create a more capable party of adventurers.Darklands is not an easy game to get into, due to its complexity, but dedicated RPG players, especially historically inclined ones, will find a true gem, and a fun adventure, which can be replayed every few years."
76561198220139341,Recommended,327930,25048518,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Zedgamer,"This is an amazingly sophisticated game considering it dates back to the DOS operating system era. Graphics are primitive, but the gameplay and content more than make up for the lack of video dazzle. I still come back to play this game when I get tired of the newer RPG entries, and I have been playing this game for over 20 years. The Steam version of this game automates DosBox and makes it simple to play in a modern Windows environment. Also included in the Steam file folder are useful bonuses including the Original Manual, a Clue Book, and a Map.The Steam version is stable, and I have not encountered any crashes in over 70 hours of gameplay. There are some bugs in the original game that still carry over, including a random change in the party's clothing color scheme, and some strange behavior in the inventory in certain circumstances if there is more than 254 of an item, but these are easily dealt with in-game."
76561198007722047,Recommended,327930,13352635,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Fudgeon,"I recommend this game, but it comes with a couple caveats.FIrst, I have only played the game for four hours, and two of which were spent building a party. It was actually a very enjoyable process, however. Still, I think I have a pretty good idea of the basic gameplay and will adjust my review as I progress through the game.Likes:-Historical accuracy, with a bit of folklore mixed in. Decisions and choices can be made based on your knowledge of the period. If you don't have knowledge in this period of time, check out the last half of the 50MB manual, which can be accessed from your library or from a .pdf in the game directory.... it will tell you most of what you need to know.-Depth. There are a ton of places to go, and numerous quests and activitys to perform.-No hand holding. There is no such thing a quest marker or any type of quest tracking available in the vanilla game. As such you have to read carefully and ensure you record important information manually.-Original game rules.Cons:-Graphics are dated.-The combat, in my personal opinion, is one part of the game that it is difficult to adjust to. Not only does it look more dated than the rest, but it feels dated. This is the one part of the game that i have not enjoyed thus far, we will see if this improves as I get further into the game.-The default party is not very well built. This means that to get the most out of your characters you pretty much have to spend an hour or so building a party before you can play the game. I found it fun, many won't. There is a fantastic guide on steam that will help with this though.-The lack of a quest marker is fantastic, but the lack of a quest book can be tough to adjust to.Of note:-I find that the game runs very poorly in both Dosbox and Dosbox DAUM, very poor response times when clicking on buttons. To combat this, I found that running the game in a smaller window in Dosbox DAUM improved the response time of various actions by a considerable margin. I am using a 1920x1080 display.-The games graphics can be improved by following some simple guides in the forums. Don't expect too much, but it does help.-When you create a new party, it does not auto equip there equipment like it does with the default party. I thought this was a bug at first, but you have to manually equip equipment for newly created characters. Use 'a' to equip from the equipment menu in your inventory.Thats about it! Pretty bummed out I missed this game in my younger years. (Edit Spelling)"
76561198059116336,Recommended,327930,34405366,Posted: 21 August,all,Zero,"Clunky, chunky, cumbersome?  I guess.A truly fun classic RPG in the grand style.   What, it was written in 1992?!  It is deeper and better games than many new titles.  You have to play it for a little while to appreciate it.There is a main story line, but, the whole thing is non-linear, and, you can play however you wish (you can even have characters, eventually, die of old age!).  The magic system is unique (alchemy and prayers to saints).  Comabt is fun (more complicated than it appears to be).The game has a personality all its own.  The quality that went into Darklands is suprising!  If you enjoy single-player RPG, then, give this one a try![BTW, please read through the manual - it is thick but entertaining, and, necessary to understanding the game.]"
,Recommended,327930,12576304,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Quixotic,"Darklands is one of those magical as ♥♥♥♥ games that remain fun as ♥♥♥♥ after ♥♥♥♥ing decades of obscurity, made by OG motha♥♥♥♥as who did even have to try to make awesome games, Microprose. Back in their time, they didnt have to worry about profits, or investors, or motha♥♥♥♥ing having to actually put effort into their game, because they made games they wanted to. Their office was in a developers basement, but it didnt matter one tiny ♥♥♥♥, because these motha♥♥♥♥as were drownin' in ♥♥♥♥♥, seriously, they needed mo♥♥♥♥in' snorkels they were that DEEP IN THAT PINK SHuT. Back in the days where mailing floppy disks IN THE MO♥♥♥♥IN MAIL WAS THE ONLY WAY TO PATCH THEIR GAMES, these gangsta♥♥♥♥♥OG cheeseburger slammin mo♥♥♥♥as gave 0 ♥♥♥♥s and made this masterpiece.Darklands is like a proto-mount & blade, except with greater enphasis on your party of characters and their adventures, you can have up to 5 and there is a pre-made default party for those who dont want to dabble in party creation right away. CHARACTER CREATION and the game as a whole is very detailed and the game does not show the majority of explanations of eveyrthing because SHuT IS ♥♥♥♥ING VAST. Download from steam the manual, this thing is like the mo♥♥♥♥in BIBLE its so informative and thick and you just never want to put it down.DARKLANDS IS A THINKING MANS PC GAME: This is no game for thoe calladuty mo♥♥♥♥as who ♥♥♥♥in sit on they couches and cry like lil'♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥because SOME 3D DOG GOT KILLED AND ITS SAD. Seriously, go play the latest cod of duty or some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t like that ♥♥♥♥in nerd♥♥♥♥♥motha♥♥♥♥a, you will literally boil your brain into pink sludge trying to figure out this game, it is unforgiving and it gives 0 ♥♥♥♥S. no tutorials, no in game hints. Thats why real gangsta♥♥♥♥♥thug ♥♥♥♥♥s KNOW THEY ABC's AND CAN WRITE AT A 12 GRADE LEVEL, real life aint got time for thug♥♥♥♥♥illiterate crack head♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
76561198069213538,Recommended,327930,28152872,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Opus,"Played this when it first came out way back when we used 386 computers. Can get repetitive at times, but a great game none the less. Religion, alchemy and everything in between. If you need graphics this isn't the game for you, but I just love the old feel to it."
,Recommended,327930,24187200,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,[GUG] Runescape Imp c. 2007,"I received a quest from a political figure in one of the towns to kill a robber-lord about a week's travel to the northeast. I knew the place as I had past it on the way to this town. I also knew that killing this man would not be easy.After a long, arduous journey through snow, woods, and rivers, I arrived at the fortress. Knowing a full frontal assault would have been suicide at my level, I snuck into a robber-lord's keep through a window late at night, found his room, slaughtered him, and looted his treasury all without his men knowing.Not only did I get his awesome platemail and loot, I also won the adoration of the simple townsfolk in the area. No longer am I Joe Nobody! I'm now Joe Almost-Somebody!Long story short: Have sword, will travel."
76561198006663214,Recommended,327930,22771397,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,[MOB]efnita,"Just to get this out of the way, in terms of graphics the game hasnt aged well. If poor graphics bother you you might not be able to see the gem that hinds below the 'ugly' facade.The game is one of my all time favourites. It is from a time when you still had to go out and buy the game in a box, and the number of disks the game came on was a bit of a bragging point. Games also came with proper manuals, and the manual for this game is amazing. It's dozens of pages of background on the multitude of weapons, saints etc that were commonplace during the German dark ages. If you buy the game you get the manual in PDF format and it is worth buying just for that.  The game itself is challenging, and has a lot of depth. I wish they would do a remake - updating just the graphics and the sound - as that would give a  new generation access to a fantastic game."
76561198014541248,Recommended,327930,26004771,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Phil85,"I played this game in 1992 and loved it. Great story, cutting edge combat engine, and large, detailed sandbox to play in. It's still one of my favorite games today, which is why I'm playing it again. The amazing thing is, that's it's still fun. I'm getting sucked back into the story and gameplay even today. The graphics and sound aren't modern, but that doesn't make it any less fun. We need more games like this today.The bottom line is that if you like old school computer RPG's, this game will give you hours of fun."
76561198020962200,Recommended,327930,23640163,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Flopsidoodle,"One of the best RPGs I've ever played, Darklands puts you in the shoes of four medieval adventurers questing their way across the Holy Roman Empire.  What makes this game different from all the other sword-and-armour dragonslayer-type games is the sheer depth of the game, with a huge variety of places to visit and things to do.  Moreover the character creation system is the most intricate I've ever come across, with traits ranging from weapon and alchemy skills right down to the character's ability to speak Latin.  The combat system is fun, though it can be a little glitchy at times.  The game can be grindy at times and the graphics are pretty poor, though that's down to the game being released in 1992.Fun game and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,327930,12585108,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,BOBRACHA 4 LYFE,An old classic favorite of mine.  You will need to referance the manual PDF to know what the abreviations mean when designing your characters.
76561197982564239,Recommended,327930,24637074,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Langley,"From the decade of ambitious RPG's. Enjoy the learning curve, having everything statted, and having your armor melted from your body because in the 90's, you weren't a special snowflake.  10 out of 10."
76561198028130527,Recommended,327930,24689286,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Agent_Blue,"An old, but brilliantly detailed game; set in a darkly brooding low-fantasy setting that could perhaps be analogous with game of thrones' tone.  A band of mercenaries work together to survive; and hope to grow wealthy and famous in a brutally dangerous medieval germany.  Rumours of shadows in the sky.  Unholy rituals by bands of demon-fueled witches; or are they simply pagans practicing their dying religion?  The bankers of the Medici and the Hansceatic league pull purse-strings; but will they ask too much, or betray your trust?The graphics are dated now, and the gameplay unforgiving; but in the early-mid ninties; DARKLANDS consumed so much of my time and focus because it is SO richly detailed, and the story both enormously open; and dazzlingly focussed.  It was and is a magnificent game; and I'm so glad to see a port of it now."
76561197990106355,Recommended,327930,15981409,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Dreepa,"Masterpiece from 1992. Explore medieval Germany. Magic is not common, and the world is portrayed as believable and historic, with supernatural elements being more of a part of the traditional lore (witches, hell-hounds, forest spirits etc.).Instead of real magic, your party uses alchemy with similar effect (throw fireball potions, throw gas potions etc.).If you have a religious person in your group, they can call upon a prayer that helps out (Calm animals, solve threats peacefully, increase your awareness of things in text dialogue etc.)Combat is the predecessor of Baldurs Gate ""Pause & Play"" system. Works pretty well when you think this was made in 1992. You should use keyboard shortcuts however. Also, don't give your guys orders to move to locations that are too far away -> the pathfinding is really bad.Overall, if you like pen & paper RPG, and you can bear with the oldschool interface and graphics, this is still a great game.Some tips for the start:-Move back and forth between locations in your starting city at night. This will trigger bandit encounters, that help you get some money and level up some weapon skills.-Start with the default party, then remove all their equipment and give it one person. Create your own 3 characters, take the equipment and redistribute. Then drop the 4th premade character and swap it for your 4th custom character. Makes the start of the game much easier (which I find a bit too harsh).-Write down any offers you accepted, like quests / tasks. There is no quest log.-Set the party leader according to the situation: If you are bartering in a shop, set your best speaker as party leader (=best prices). If you are exploring on the world map, set your best scout as leader, so you get informed ahead of possible encounters.-Save OFTEN. There is no real leveling system that matches you against fair opponents. You might run into real hard enemies, especially at the start of the game. Like encountering a pack of hell-hounds that slaughter you without mercy."
,Recommended,327930,15241334,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,RatCatcher,"This great game probably is not for everyone - tons of text to read, graphics resolution worse than on todays mobile, no quest management system, barely any music and sound. I played it uncounted number of times, spent dozens of hours, created horde of characters. When I had noticed that it came to Steam I bought it immediately.One of the best RPG games ever. And you may burn a village..."
,Recommended,327930,12580927,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Ron Mexico,"Love this RPG.It has a hard learning curve, but is well worth the hours you hopefully will put into this game. The system is unique and brilliant and the character creation is very entertaining.The open world/sandbox game from 1992 is money well spent for old school RPG fans and people who are fascinated by the dark ages and german folklore"
76561197968461716,Recommended,327930,21201717,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,The Beefalo,This game will hate you and you will learn to hate it.  Classic.10/10
76561198005839892,Recommended,327930,13338895,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Sagacyte,"I lost many, many hours in my youth playing this. It's deep and hard, but you can easily lose yourself in its world and adventures."
76561198068315925,Recommended,327930,15296428,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Fifth Company Captain; Arius,"The controls are a pain to figure out, the graphics went past dated and right into painful to look at, and I have to read everything twice to make sure I got it.I'd love this game if somebody remade it, I'm sure."
76561198013944289,Recommended,327930,14346839,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,RedShift,"1992 era graphics and UI, garbage controls and little in the way of instructions... I still couldn't stop playing this game, its fun as hell."
,Recommended,327930,15255590,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Dyre the Stranger,"Ahhh the Broken, Buggy, and yet masterfully crafted game I love. And Quite the steal at only Three fifty when on sale."
76561198053225666,Recommended,327930,15930442,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,smokytehbear,The best RPG ever made. Still the king after all these years.
,Recommended,327930,17730699,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,ÆTHER™,>start game>try to leave town>arrested>executed for satanism10/10
,Recommended,327930,13710004,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Pazhood,Best RPG ever!
,Recommended,327930,27809590,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,chud,if this game was a drink it would be a chilled beer on the porch . if it was a food it would be hamburger
76561198121117006,Recommended,327930,28010793,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Choorus,"Darklandsy to gra prawie tak stara jak sam gatunek. Jest drużyna, jest rozwój postaci, jest historia, choć nie stanowi ona bynajmniej głównej atrakcji. To jednak, co tytuł absolutnie wyróżnia to mocne osadzenie w realiach historycznych piętnastowiecznej Rzeszy Niemieckiej i krain przyległych. Jest w grze trochę elementów nadnaturalnych, takich jak interwencje świętych czy duchy (i jak najbardziej materialni słudzy) zapomnianych pogańskich bożków, jednak pełnią one bardzo poboczną rolę i ogólnie rzecz biorąc stanowią w grze raczej wtręt i dodatek. Średniowieczne miasta z prawdziwymi kościołami, placami targowymi, zamkami i twierdzami do odwiedzenia (poza walką i przemieszczaniem się po mapie świata gra jest w wielu miejscach tekstowa, co jednak wcale nie przeszkadza w rozgrywce), rycerzami rozbójnikami, klasztorami i w ogóle mnóstwem prawdziwych miejsc, gdzie wiele się dzieje. Kupcy wożą towary, wilki napadają na wędrowców, flisacy pływają rzekami, a w lasach pracują drwale i smolarze. Poza miastami są mniejsze osady, miasteczkai  wsie, a poza nimi głusza i knieje, w których jednak nie brakuje miejsc ciekawych włącznie z np. łysą górą czy Ślężą. Interfejs miejscami bywa archaiczny i polecam rozpocząć grę z zeszytem, gdzie będzie można spisywać zadania, ponieważ będzie ich absolutne mnóstwo.Bohaterowie nie należą z początku do bogatych i powoli dorabiają się sławy, bogatych łupów wziętych na wrogach i doświadczenia. Mozna teoretycznie grać bardzo długo, ponieważ wszystkich członków drużyny, którzy zginą lub się zestarzeją (tak, tak, czas jest liczony w godzinach, miesiącach i latach. Spokojnie można odesłać jednego ze starszych członków na emeryturę i znaleźć następcę)Ogólnie absolutnie polecam. W jakiej innej grze grupa wędrownych wojowników, alchemików, mnichów itd. może zetrzeć się z Zakonem Krzyżackim, wędrować po księstwach Śląska i przepędzić demona z góry Ślęży? No w której ja się pytam?"
76561198177958258,Recommended,327930,21616402,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,brian.a.johnson1980,"Three words Classic,challenging,fun nuf said"
76561198011800570,Recommended,327930,20777859,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,j8198kd7,Classic and good.
,Recommended,327930,21140177,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Questionable,Probably the best game ever made.
76561198403769223,Recommended,327930,34262439,Posted: 15 August,all,Gotta GameYT,The game is great for killing some time but if you get bothered my pixels and hard to read words this game is not for you i give this game a 7.5/10
76561198065411031,Recommended,327930,26223899,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Hellraiser,haven't played much of it but looks very very intresting 8.5/10
,Recommended,327930,22469821,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,RayFinkle,Gotta love this game.
,Recommended,327930,17384583,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Alexandra Costa,I haven't played much of this game as you can see by my hours on record.But I want to review it.This game is definitely fun but could be so much more if it was a game that was made nowadays.
,Not Recommended,327930,34507715,Posted: 26 August,all,Trash Wizard,"I thought I would love this game.  It looked awesome.  It's really hard to figure out and get into, though.  It does very little to explain itself to the player.  Originally, the player was expected the read the manual and whatnot that came with the game.  Thankfully, all such documentation comes with the Steam version of this game.  However, having read all of that, the game is *still* not very transparent.  It might be a good game for someone who has the hours to devote to learning it, but that person is not me (and I have devoted a lot of hours to several other classic RPGs)."
