user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,328070,12837543,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,bh,Buy this game if you care about supporting a developer that has the nuts to target a genre (arena deathmatch) that hasn't been done properly since the 90s.
,Recommended,328070,12796327,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Blindlight,"Right now, this game is like building a house for yourself. Even though it's still just exposed beam and foundation, you'd forego the central heating and plumbing of your old single bed ranch and drive out to the construction site in the middle of the night to pace around the floorplan, camp out under the stars in the frame of your new home, and dream.Even in its raw state, Reflex will give you some great experiences, like editing a map in realtime while 8 players are deathmatching on it. When Reflex and its engine are complete, they could inspire positive changes in modern shooters, and bring some innovation to broader gaming culture, from esports broadcasting to machinima, in a way that no game has since Quake. It's a dream that's worth much more than a 10 buck bet."
76561198009895081,Recommended,328070,12798017,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Zuph,"Despite being very early, this game is still a blast to play. Anyone that loves intense, skilled combat will love this game."
,Recommended,328070,16877549,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,august,"Reflex is a fast paced, close quarter shooter that drew its inspiration from Quake itself. If you're familiar with the intense, fast pased action of Quake, Reflex is going to make you one happy gender-neutral pronoun.Playing it is...incredible. The learning curve is higher than Mount Everest, but that's what makes it afungame to play. In my first match I said ""This is disheartening (I was 0-30), yet entertaining."" Each game was a rush of skill and smarts, just like Quake, and it's a feeling you just can't grab from many other shooters.Graphics. Great. Take a look at the community page for some incredible screencaps. It's one of those games where you can really feel buttery smooth gameplay, even capped at 125FPS (you can cap to 1000FPS and infinite).Reflex has no large community of it's own, unfortunately. Instead, it draws players from all versions of Quake. Some players have said Reflex improves upon Quake, with the addition of map editing (currently in testing), and the overall updated feel of the game. If you've ever played the flash game SuperHot, imagine that but at the pace and excitement of Quake.Reflex has currently been in a year of development. It's creators have kept in close touch with the community, making sure to give thorough review for each patch, and it seems that they are always catered towards what the community wants to see. I see no signs of stopping, and I anticipate this incredibly fun game to continue to be so in the future.I have huge hopes for the future of this game. As this game grows in popularity (it damn well should), a bigger playerbase will form. You'll have more noobs and more pros transitioning over from Quake, as well as much more dedicated server hosting for every region. I can't wait to see more."
,Recommended,328070,32368853,Posted: 12 June,all,yoshisdream,Would be one of the best fps games (and obviously arena shooters) if it would have active player count :/ Still pretty fun.
,Recommended,328070,15823220,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,DraQu,"The only worthwhile Arena FPS game around. Buy it, play it, love it!"
,Recommended,328070,12797554,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,|xSp| phUze,I have never done a review but felt it was seriously necessary for Reflex. I have been waiting for years and years and years and can honestly say this game(even in its current state) is truely a successor to Quake.10/10 would recommend again ;)
,Recommended,328070,19709117,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,LKSR,"Reflex is currently the only afps that lives up to its inspirations, and the only hope to see a modern highly competitive afps worth the name.You can't go wrong when you have dedicated devs building an engine specifically for it.The game is very community oriented, and with this factor we get great maps, UI and events!Great community, great devs, great game, great experience. All of that for a ridiculous price. :)Join us!"
,Recommended,328070,12798700,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,ddd,This will be the best arena FPS in the world :)I can't recommend it highly enough. Already plays great!Just be sure to understand that it is still in heavily in development.
,Not Recommended,328070,23734092,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Ōdaigahara,"I'm just being honest when I say the average player will have a hard time getting into this game. The weapons are the classic Quake weapons (rockets, railgun, lightning gun etc), the game is designed and balanced primarily for the 1v1 duel mode and has an advanced movement system.Absolutely worth the purchase if:You love high skill cap gamesYou don't mind starting off losing A TONNEYou have time to practiceYou enjoy getting betterYou have friends who are also grabbing itNot worth if:You want to play against bots (bots are planned but not in yet)You want to have instant balanced fun (No MM yet)You don't want to wait a couple mins for a game (low playerbase)You want to win your first duel (hard as ♥♥♥♥)You would rather have fun than learnYou don't want to learn ""gimmicks"" as core gameplay mechanicsYou want to have fun without investmentYou will suck at first and lose to everyone, then you win one in ten duels, then half your duels and then most your duels - you might even think that you're good. Then you play someone whos played for longer than you've been alive and you get stomped. Reflex has an insanely high skill cap and you can constantly improve on something - better movement, aiming, positioning, timing etc.Community wise the people here are no different from any other game despite how much they will harp on about how reflex is superior. There are nice people who will teach you, there are fakenickers who will be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ about everything and there are people who will mock you constantly because you like anime or make maps that people don't like (Flames). There are also a load of people who take the game way too seriously, so if you prefer fun give the community a pass and just play the game between friends.Overall the game is very punishing but will get better as teammodes become more popular and match making is implemented. Close duels and CTF are extremely fun but rare unless playing against someone you know. There aren't bots yet but most people are friendly and will teach you what they can. I'd grab this game to play with friends or whilst its on sale to play later if you're new and don't have a lot of time to practice. There is a great game here but it needs to be more accesible and friendly to newer players before I can recommend it to the average player"
,Recommended,328070,15458985,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Elevory,"There are only empty servers if you play games at weird hours and are based in NA. Fair warning.That aside, Reflex is incredibly polished even in this stage of development. The movement and gunplay are tighter than Quake 3/Live. UI is fantastic. Dev team seems passionate. Reflex even has a top-notch map editor.This game has the potential to be very successful in today's esports scene if marketed well."
,Recommended,328070,23509052,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,tcoff,this game needs YOUR helpplease buy it as the only flaw is that nobody likes good arena shooters anymore
,Recommended,328070,12798314,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,glaakee tier,"Pre-alpha but it has signs of being a great arena shooter already. It is CPMA-style, using lots of strafe jumping and air control to swifty traverse the terrain. We'll really see what the Devs are made of in the next 6 months or so. It currently has no content except decent core gameplay. It even has the ""old school"" no lag compensation feel online until they get to it. :PI had a blast on it anyway.Nov. 2015 update:The game has gone through immense changes and it is now in a really awesome state. CTF was just added, the core movement has been tweaked and weapons have models now. Lag compensation and oval-shaped hitboxes are now used and it feels amazing. It's really looking up and now texturing of maps is finally alive!Fans of fluid arena shooters will feel at home. :)I hope to see you there. ;)"
,Recommended,328070,12813164,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,segfault,"If you played Quake, you'll love this game. If you didn't - you'll probably still love it. Reflex is a fast-paced shooter inspired by an era of FPS games that didn't have regenerating health, prone stance, or scopes. No loadouts either, every player can pick up the same weapons from around the maps, and they shoot exactly where you point them at, so if your shots don't connect you've no one else to blame.The movement is simple, but complex. Relatively easy to learn, but difficult to master. No wall jumps or dodges, or other scripted increases of speed (press x to fly that way). Instead the player uses air strafing, air control and knockback from explosions to gain and conserve momentum. This allows players to get around the map at great speeds and perform various trick jumps to get from point A to point B quickly and efficiently.While the game feels good, the input feels responsive and the gameplay itself is solid, Reflex is still very much an early access title, and by no means near completion. At the time of writing this, you can build maps using the built in editor, host servers and play TDM/duel, and not much else. There is no matchmaking or ladders yet, there isn't even a GUI for changing your keybinds, you do that in the in-game console. All that will come though, patch by patch, as the developers work on it. The game is already fun to play, and has great potential, but it'll take some time for it to become a finished product.That being said, even in it's current state I do recommend Reflex to anyone who likes FPS games, it's a breath of fresh air amidst all the modern military shooters."
,Recommended,328070,30438197,Posted: 10 March,all,Phazon_Storm,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ for a ten dollar indie game, I was not expecting this to play so goddamn well.You probably already know by now that Reflex is an arena shooter in the style of Quake 3, so I'll just touch on the specifics.the movement is fantastic. the weapons feel great. the art style and visuals look great stand out, but are designed in a way that prioritizes visibility at high speeds (very important for an AFPS) The game is highly customizable and features a ton of community made content from maps to mutators to whole new gameplay features.EDIT: Some community maps may have some fps issues, but the highest rated maps run fine.The only downside ATM is the very low player base, which is thankfully supplemented by some well programmed bots, but still. Some more players would be nice, and the bots will have more enhancements and more map support coming soon.This is shiny updated Quake 3 Arena I've always wanted. Which is good because Quake champions probably won't fill that niche.Highly recommended and well worth the MSRP."
,Recommended,328070,14213693,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,TesseracT,Simply put this game has set the new standard for competitive FPS. It's extremely polished for an early access game and will grow and flourish as an esport.Highly recommended 10/10
,Recommended,328070,14584980,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Stalast,"If you're wondering about game framerate and performance, here's my FPS on lowest possible settings 720p with a HD Radeon 7950 (same as R9 280)http://i.imgur.com/mdKCyVl.pngand here is 1080p with all settings maxed out apart from r_dynamic_lightshttp://i.imgur.com/b07vO7q.png[Review as of 25/02/2015] This game is in its infancy, but it has already proven that it is to be taken seriously as we have had a major update; the netcode is now better than anything I've ever experienced in First Person Shooters, with perfect hitboxes too. The entire game engine is built from scratch just for this game and as a result, it runs BUTTER SMOOTH.The first ever EU tournament for reflex was hosted on 12/02/2015 and it proved how well the game works for competitive play, there were no real gameplay issues during the tournament and there were 5 maps in the pool (all of which are new and surprisingly really well made). Everyone had a blast and we got to witness top players such as HAL9000 and rokky wreak havoc in 1v1 matches, when you watch them play you will realise just how high the skill ceiling of the game is.The development roadmap promises to bring an overhaul to the game's UI, full matchmaking support, training and tutorials, steam workshop integration, art integration for maps, more gametypes and more features for the already amazing map editor.I'm genuinely excited for the future of this game and I already love the game even in this early stage. Buy it and support the devs, they are truly working their butts off!"
76561198014207526,Recommended,328070,12810788,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Aschere,"Repeat after me. THIS GAME IS IN EARLY ACCESS.It has one map. I crashed the first time I played. The weapons are very unbalanced. Basic quality of life features like key binding menus do not exist. It lacks any sort of textures so the game is extremely blocky.However, the core functionality is there and it is very smooth. The fact that the game is incredibly fun so early on shows that this game has extreme amounts of promise.So please, take me back. Take me back to a time of UT and Quake. Please be the one!"
,Recommended,328070,22444941,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Djinnt,"DONT BUY THE NEW DOOM, INSTEAD BUY THIS. THE DEVELOPERS ACTUALLY LISTEN!!!"
,Recommended,328070,21965260,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Ser Banslav,"Finally a good fps game with working netcode, a variety of weapons that aren't all the same but require different kind of aim, rich movement that feels incredibly rewarding, awesome looking artwork that both looks beautiful, runs great and has no visibility issues, full blown LUA scripting to customize your hud + a very powerful and extremely simple map editor.It plays very smooth and is incredibly rewarding. Even as a newbie to afps genre I can truly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,328070,28541583,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Admirable,Few games give you the genuine sense of achievement and growth as trying to master the Reflex movement mechanics. Could play this forever without firing a single shot.
76561198041217904,Recommended,328070,30406095,Posted: 9 March,all,GMT,"Does what it says on the tin brilliantly.It's a well made ArenaFPS with unrivalled netcode, fleshed out tools for community creations and a matchmaking system."
,Recommended,328070,20404444,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Terifire,"Fantastic game if you like fastpaced, no-nonsense shooters! No bulletspread, minimum randomness, just the rush of intense action and using your wits to get an advantage."
,Recommended,328070,12798113,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Audithus,Old School Arena style FPS gameplay with a map editor. What more can you ask for?
76561198041261117,Recommended,328070,32730960,Posted: 24 June,all,Marathon,"I have been playing Quake Champions beta, and just tried Reflex Arena. RA instantly feels much better and closer to the Quake style gameplay I remember. Faster, smoother, more reactive, crisper and cleaner. No silly vomiting lizards, invisibilty, rocket lag or wall hack nonsense. Just skill.  Graphics are nice enough and aren't distracting, Maps are awesome and varied.  I am currently enjoying it 10 times more than the current competition."
,Recommended,328070,12835652,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,ShmoeHAMMAD,"Oh..  My..  God.  This is Quake 2 making a comeback in a way that I never could have imagined.  I've been waiting so long for this to happen that I insta-came when opening up this store page and bought it on the spot to help keep development moving forward.  And no I didn't clean up, there was no time!Yes, obviously it is alpha (aesthetics, features, optimization, and minor weapon balancing), but the base mechanics are simply flawless.  The movement, jumping, and the hit registration are on point.  You just can't ask for anything more.  I used to make jump maps (and others) back in the day (eS) and the stake, plasma, and portal jumping definitely compliment the game and open the door for a whole world full of map ideas.  And yes, all the original jumps are still there including strafe/speed, circle, rocket/grenade, and double/triple/quad/etc.This game, if continued on the right path and so far they have absolutely nailed it, will go down as the true sequel to Quake 2 and become legendary.  Keep up the good work!UPDATE:I see some reviews complaining about controls, but you can bind just about any key to whatever you want via the console (~ or tilde key) with command ""bind key command"" without quotes or simply edit the config (game.cfg) in the steamapps game folder typically located in ""Program Files/Steam"".  You can also look at the whole list of commands by bringing down the console and pressing TAB twice and using pgup/pgdn to scroll.  Also, if you change commands via the console make sure to use the ""saveconfig"" command to lock it in."
,Recommended,328070,12798259,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,erad,playmorereflex
,Recommended,328070,15816709,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,ITALIA 458,"best thing since quake 2! love this game. Even with the unfinished graphics and placeholders for gun models, it is so much fun. Everything feels solid, game mechanchics and movement (which is extremely smooth and responsive), I can litterally enjoy a empty server and just jumping around all over thats how much fun the movement is. Community seems great already too.Just wish there were more people playing FFA  than 1v1 right now.  But if you join a empty ffa server people usually end up following you in."
76561198049452471,Recommended,328070,23028372,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,lolograde,"This game is awesome! I have put a little over 200 hours into this game and have enjoyed watching it develop as an ""early access"" game. The developers actively listen to and involve the community in the game.The gameplay is an ""arena"" FPS, harkening back to the deathmatch classics like Quake and Unreal. Except, times have progressed and Reflex's action is fast, brutal, and merciless. This game is not for the faint of heart who want to stand back and let teammates take bullets for them. In this game, you are rewarded for your aggression, your raw skill with aim and movement, and mastery of tactics and strategy.One of the great and unique aspects of this game is the powerful yet intuitive in-game map editor. Even if you're not a hardcore FPS player, you cannot help but be impressed by the map editor. Even I, a total pleb at map editing, feel empowered by this feature.As an early access game, there are indeed some features which are presently lacking but seeing how the developers have continually pushed the game forward, taking it to new heights with each update, I am supremely satisfied with my purchase of this game and look forward to another 200 hours of playtime!Cheers!"
,Recommended,328070,13529396,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Killa_,"This is an extremely cool arena-fps. Reflex is an example of what modern games should look like. It has oldschool quake-like mechanics with some new features like new jumps and new guns. If you feel yourself as an oldschool gamer and you like something like quake, unreal tournament and all that stuff - you should definitely check Reflex out. Its sad that these games do not get so much attention as moba or some modern fps games do because oldschool games, and especially arena-fps games, require skill. If you are not skilled enough - you can go play COD or play any fps using a gamepad. You will be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off if you are not skilled or if you'll try to play this game with a gamepad.Relfex requires reflexes.This game needs more attention and more players. It does not have many levels, options etc. But its beta, so its ok. Looking forward to its release.TL;DR:buy itif you like arena-fps games, dont buy it if you suck. I also got bad news for you if you dont like this game."
76561198001886663,Recommended,328070,30403705,Posted: 8 March,all,Mot,Started playing when the game first hit early access and being a part of the community while the game consisitenly improved has been a pleasure.  It's incredible how much a team of only a few developers has managed to cram into Reflex.  Their dedication to a game that appeals to such a tiny and unprofitable market warms my heart.  Thanks guys!
,Recommended,328070,19147775,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Gangland,"Reflex is an awesome game for those that want a challenge. Some of the greatest gamers are playing Reflex, and for a good reason. The game is built for performance. It has the best netcode in gaming, and a minimalistic art design so that players can focus on the most important part; skill. The game is still Alpha, but is completely playable at a high level, which can be seen in many of the tournament VODS that have already been played/uploaded (most with cash prizes). The game is heavily movement oriented, and rewards speed and tactics. If your looking for a game that will test and hone your abilities, play Reflex."
,Recommended,328070,13174993,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Cann,"This game is fantastic. Definitely what the arena shooter communities needed. I can only hope that this game gets better and better as time goes on. If you're a fan of arena shooters, this is definitely a good buy. Beware though, while this game is in early access, there will be plenty of kinks until the game is finalized. If you pick up this game, I highly recommend using their forums to report any issues that the game may have."
,Recommended,328070,30276217,Posted: 2 March,all,ChiZ,"A return to FPS games, where skill is everything."
,Recommended,328070,19278996,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,cryptoanarchy,The only fps I have truly enjoyed without any cons since Counter-Strike.  This is Quake (Q3 CPMA) now placed in the hands of competent people who know what they're doing.This will probably become my main game once it gets matchmaking.  There is very little RNG or gimmicks unlike in CS or Unreal Tournament.  This is as high a skill ceiling and raw skill as it gets.
,Recommended,328070,30399449,Posted: 8 March,all,h2peless,Extremely polished fast paced shooter to fill the void you've had since 1999.
,Recommended,328070,15866705,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Mazu,"Great and solid focus on gameplay. Easy and fun to use editing tools. Tons of customization options for UI. Great movement for arena fps game like quake 3 cpma mod. Having spent over 700 hours on it I can say it has been mostly fun experience from afps veteran point of view. Game is hard to master, be warned.Performance has been mostly great and the game has been released, but still suffers from some optimisation problems. You might want to lower graphical settings to as low as possible to get optimal performance.Dev team is also very small and progress on the game is very slow.Current issues are related to performance and visual clutter of several maps. Also I do not feel like all weapons function as they should, before I said that rockets were too powerful but after many adjustments its reversed. Hitscans are too powerful _compared_ to projectile weapons. People who say that hitscan weapons are too weak are probably right, that is because all weapons are too weak and suffering from warsow syndrome.Community is ""fine"" but very small. Most of the players are people who have spent 1-2 decades already playing similar games. I'm sure there is support if you just go ask around and you are willing to learn the game slowly. Matchmaking is finally here so that is a thing I guess.Edit: No, it has not replaced cpma for me because I do not have good enough pc to play the game properly anymore. Playing cpma until reflex is playable again for me."
76561197987843932,Recommended,328070,12808577,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,spessu_sb,"This game is still in pre-alpha and yet it works soo fluidly and is very stable. Turbo Pixel deserve a huge thumbs up afaic. This game gives me solid 100 fps and really for an pre-alpha game, the gameplay is very fun and good. Only experienced few graphical glitches but framerate never dropped in gameplay.Editor works really well and i am amazed how easily you can just jump between play and edit mode. There is literally no delay, you just switch on the fly and Boom! You are now in playmode. Editor is also easy to use if you have interest to it. It works still mostly developer console-based, so if you want a nice ui in the editor, it doesn't yet have it but it works very nicely already at this point. Multiplayer map editing also works very nicely and didn't experience any problems at all mp-related.I am pleased and can't wait to see this game in more complete state."
,Recommended,328070,26373713,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,mgli,"Incredible. With a developer devoted to continued improvements on a game it's a shame that this game isn't getting as much attention as it deserves.Reflex Arena was my first first person shooter, and I have to say that the communities tolerance of players trying to learn is phenominal, no matter your starting point.If you go into the game understanding that the game will give you no freebies, you will soon come to love the brutally skill-based nature of the game.Maybe you lose and are immediately mad at the event,  but at the end of the day you know the opponent truly outplayed you. This frankness about skill is refreshing in a gaming ecosystem that is scared of touching players ego.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------EARLY ACCESS REVIEW:This game is incredible - and all the reviews claiming no players do nothing but hurt the possibility of HAVING players.it makes me sad when people fall into the catch-22 situation. They dont play, or dislike the game because it has no players - but without playing and supporting the game it is impossible for the game to grow - forcing a cycle of non-playing. :("
,Recommended,328070,31809877,Posted: 17 May,all,SEND EM 2 THA ESSENCE,please play this game it's dead and i want to frag
,Recommended,328070,19587663,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Sergo,It's like cpm but better
,Recommended,328070,32860072,Posted: 27 June,all,[AKA] decizion,"It pains me to say it, but this game is better than Quake Champions.Such a shame there is not much players playing it."
76561197994520592,Recommended,328070,14161949,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,λrthur_,Forget Quake Live
,Recommended,328070,17933850,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Biomatter,"Reflex is an absolutely stellar Arena FPS, following the line of games such as Quake 3 Arena and CPMA. The movement mechanics are second-to-none - I have never had more fun pretending I'm in a 3D platformer. As someone with rural internet, I have immensely enjoyed simply running the Race maps solo. Fantastic game. Your friends should buy Reflex."
,Recommended,328070,12947404,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Nemesis,"Taking the arena fps back to it's roots... win. The game shows big promises of further development with minimal models, textures, and levels. The movement is that of Quake CPMA or Painkiller. Strafejumps and air control mixture. Easy to find a game but you're going to run into people that have been playing arena fps' for over 10 years so don't get discouraged. Hit detection can be a little weak when you start playing on servers with 80+ ping but that will surely get better. Can't say much more than this game is something to support for 10 bucks and with more purchases, we will see vast improvements."
,Recommended,328070,15828899,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Moonstone,"UPDATE:I've gotta say, the changes that have come to this game with the move to alpha make it feel like a whole new game. I wrote a pretty nasty review when initial release hit because with how unpolished it was, and after the first big wave of players receded into only a handful, I had assumed that this would simply be another case of a promising arena shooter going the way that countless other titles of the same genre have in the past decade and vanish into obscurity.With the release of Alpha (previously in pre-alpha), I have to say my hope has been restored a bit coming from playing the first initial build and a few buggy and near unplayable builds after. The game is no longer the bare bones mess it was upon first release and can even be played with ease on my 4 year old laptop. The console only command scheme that came as a product of how early in development it was when it was first released is now gone and replaced with a pretty respectable looking menu that can customize most anything you would want to put into a custom config. It should also be said that the menu and the game itself has some nice bells and whistles as well despite being in alpha, such as being able to fully customize your hud in game via a highly customizable lua script based system, or being able to create custom maps in game as well. To add, both of these features seem to have a avid following from the small yet solid community. It should also be said that various detrimental glitches/bugs have also been squashed such as being unable to bind jump to mousewheel.All these changes in a realitivly short people of time help make this game shine brighter with the possibility of actually making it in my opinion and apparently other's as well by what I've been seeing new players saying about the game while playing. Who knows, maybe at the rate this game is going, with it's already incredibility smooth gameplay fairly rapid growth, the possibly of shaking the throne that the rather aged, casualized, and now sloppy Quake Live might not be as impossible as it once sounded.Initial Release Review for Comparison:Can you say dead on arrival?Jumped the gun way too quick to release on early acess with only the framework of the game.With this kinda game you dont want to just get those few die hards on board, they'll already come. What matters and what keeps a game alive is putting in something that will keep people around and bring in new players. The framework of a arena FPS does not do this.I doubt it will have any hope of picking up steam due to bad release, and heres hoping im wrong, but with not even the weapon models done I think there is slim hope.edit/test"
,Recommended,328070,19370301,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,NamajnaG,"CPMA done right. Very, very right.That's all. No need for a ultra long review.If you like CPMA, you'll like Reflex.The end."
,Recommended,328070,12855529,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,ouchouchouch,Hey I recommend this game. its alpha or something at the moment. so no cool textures yet.but- very good movement- intredasting weapons- fast and stuff- mapsmapsmapssince its at an really early stage you have to type in everything into the console manually.but here is help to get you started fast:FAQhttp://steamcommunity.com/games/328070/announcements/detail/230008618017676539Official Information and Forumshttp://reflexfps.net/And you can check the guides in the game hub here on steam as well.Took me about 10 Minutes to get everything binded to check out the game in some FFA matches.Good Fun though I'm not good at games.FPS /framespersecond/ wise I haven't got any problems. Really smooth at 125 Offline and Online with 7 other Players.Note that I got really old GPU and CPU (AMD Phentom X2blablabla)
,Recommended,328070,20459803,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Estrobeda,"This is the best, hardest and funniest fps ive ever played and it's not even finished yet! Im impressed. If you like games like quake or unreal tournament you will probably love this game.+polished and well made (only encounteres 1 bug in 18h of gameplay)+retro hardcore+fun+real skillbased. (no need for a skill system)-not that many players-currently no modding support what i know of except map making and ui scriptingOverall the best fps ive played and I think it will just get better. Nice work turbo pixel"
,Recommended,328070,30453919,Posted: 11 March,all,Coverop,"Note: There are plenty of ""Quake"" like games on the market... but this game I would highly recommend.Reflex Arena is a ""clone"" of the popular game called Quake 3 Arena.It has pretty much everything what made Quake 3 Arena great.There are some MINOR changes there and here but the core of the game is pretty much the same.The graphics of this game are simply beautiful!I am a fan of Minimalism art.Game has a Workshop where u can download addons to customize your in-game experience (ex: Quake 3 sounds , better hud , time etc...)Game also features loot-drop where you gain cosmetics items for your character... there is also a store for that.Bottom line. I enjoy this game more than Toxikk, simply because of the graphics and the first impression game gave me.Sad thing is, not many people plays this game... which is a shame because It's really nice game."
,Recommended,328070,12805069,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,cho,What's your GOTY and why is it Reflex?
,Recommended,328070,24573605,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Jaguar,"I wholeheartedly recommend this game, especially if you are a fan of Quake and Arena FPS games. The original Kickstarter campaign trailer should give you an idea of the gameplay, and if you are like me and have warm and fuzzy nostalgic feelings from playing Quake back in the day, you'll probably want to play it.And you should! It is superb, fast, fun, furious, frantic - it plays smoothly, even on relatively old systems. The developers are clearly passionate about what they do and the lead developer has a wealth of experience in the industry, and it shows. The engine is rock solid, the game design is great and adheres to the genre whilst  catering to casual players.Future updates will bring matchmaking very soon so don't worry about getting stomped by pros! Approximately half of the features listed in the kickstarter pitch are ALREADY implemented. Cosmetics, high performance engine, game modes, in game map editor, replay editor, dedicated servers...Seriously. Just buy the game. It offers excellent value for money, the community is great and very welcoming and friendly. Steam refund policy will give you a refund if  you play less than two hours and ask for a refund within 14 days of purchasing it, so you literally have nothing to lose."
,Recommended,328070,30754818,Posted: 26 March,all,Dr. Ching Chong Un | MODEM,"All right, this game is pretty good. I will be going over some pros and cons.Pros:* Cheap ($10.99 CAD).* Low gore (players are robots, ""blood"" is oil.).* Face paced combat accompanied with servers all over the world (EU, NA, Oceania).* Rocket jumping and plasma climbing (plasma machine gun).* Bunny hopping mechanic, with a speed indicator on the bottom of your screen.* Competitive matchmaking, with 10 comp credits awarded for every win. Golden guns can be bought for 3000 credits each. Available modes are duels, doubles and CTF (4v4). Duels is the most popular at the moment.* Very friendly community. I have played over 50 matches and all of my opponents have been very nice to me, and some have even given me tips for future matches.Cons:* Small community. If you are a low matchmaking rank, you often get paired with enemies above your skill level. Even more so during placement matches.* The game resolution can be reset when getting tabbed out. To fix this, bind the set resolution commands to an unused key such as ""u"" and type in the command ""saveconfig"". If you do not perform ""saveconfig"", the config and your binds will be reset when the game is closed.* I honestly can't think of any others.Rating:9.5/10 - This game has a few minor bugs, but are forgivable because the game just came out of early access a week ago and the amazing community of Reflex keeps the game engaging."
,Recommended,328070,23917025,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,CHONGUS,"Reflex is a really clean game. The engine is smooth, the movement is smooth, the models have a satisfying aesthetic about them and interesting looking designs. It's really well polished so far in general. The most important issue right now is the games activity. If you look at the server browser, it's deceptively inactive. The secret is, that if you join an empty server, it's only a matter of time until someone comes to play with you. As soon as ffa servers get a few players going they usually spike up in activity.The cool thing about the game right now is that you can easily get into it. If you aren't deterred by losing horribly bad then you can learn stuff pretty fast. It's really fun because of that.Gameplay is great, you probably know what it's gonna be like if you're reading this."
,Recommended,328070,22010201,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,<|°_°|> Ammaccabanane,"Awesome afps based on cpma (q3 mod), very rewarding and very promising.Game is as fast as it gets, movement is crazy complex and skill based, weapons feel great, map editor is very user friendly, for super geeks there is all LUA scripting u can want, and people are friendly and willing to help you learn the game.BUY Reflex and LEARN Reflex.Dont just buy it, hop in a game, get ur♥♥♥♥♥kicked and uninstall. The community is great, the game is great, the performance is great, But in game people are ruthless.Nothing i could think of recommending more than this.Overall i would rate this ""nothing is better than sex, reflex is better than nothing, therefore reflex is better than sex""/10"
,Recommended,328070,30407339,Posted: 9 March,all,Goulox,"Simply the best FPS right now in terms of gameplay.The essence of quake, but even more fast and smooth.The movement system and the feeling of weapons are perfect.Excellent map editor aswell.Good work."
76561197994002932,Recommended,328070,12856144,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,ModestO,In Pre-Alpha and still feels smoother than CS:GO
76561198063213439,Recommended,328070,13888867,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,T-Bone,"A new quake style Arena FPS. The game is in early alpha so dont expect a super polished and updated game but for what it is at the moment its worth picking it up and playing. Movment feels like q3 cpma, Weapons are typical Arena Fps Weapons which is a good thing im personally not a fan of unreal tournament, Same old pick ups like health/armor/ammo/power ups, and the graphics look nice.Now the level editor is what makes this game stand out,You can come up with new maps or remake some old quake or unreal maps.The editor itself is part of the game and you can switch between playing and editing.There isnt to much of a menu like you might expect, youll have to learn a few console commands but if you watch this video youll have no problem at all he explains everything youll need to know.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Brg5eiOzIIUIm looking forward to this games future, i cant wait to see all the maps that come out when the player base picks up a bit."
,Recommended,328070,15632056,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Rλven,"Rough around the edges right now being in Alpha but it is more than playable on good hardware and has already made huge strides since last Winter. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who played Quake or another fast-paced arena fps, or just someone who is looking for an extreme challenge beyond CoD matchmaking (there are 15+ year vets playing this, you will cry)."
76561198122882124,Recommended,328070,13032511,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,T-Rex,"edit 20 Jan 2015: the netcode is now very good \o/original review 22 Nov 2014: Very solid base with great potential. Be aware that it is still in early development, so there are some significant flaws (e.g. the hardware requirements are currently very high, and the netcode is still quite poor) and many missing features. The developers are very active though, and have already proved themselves to be competent, passionate and (so far!) honest. Highly recommended, but do be aware of what you're getting yourself into: an old-school skill-based arena shooter. If you're not familiar with the genre it will be quite difficult at first, but the learning process is great fun."
76561197972844976,Recommended,328070,22874608,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,FRoNiN,"For those looking for a modern interpretation of competetive arena shooters Reflex is the best game you'll find. Trust me, I love this genre and I've tried everything that's not flying way under the radar. While other contemporary games in the genre seem to be focusing on the wrong elements such as ultra-high resolution textures and console-shooter style gameplay, Reflex keeps its focus on what really makes an arena shooter a great experience for competetive FPS players: high performance gameplay through control and HUD customizability, fast-paced movement mechanics that, once mastered, make just moving through a well designed level feel great, graphics optimized with high refresh rates in mind for low input latency and a buttery smooth experience, and a set of creation tools that allow for amazing community content. Arena shooter lovers rejoice, Reflex is a dream come true."
76561197991546458,Recommended,328070,30386011,Posted: 7 March,all,pigBird,SPEED and INTENSITY
,Recommended,328070,19717546,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,HexeLL,I love how peeps complain about High skill celling
,Recommended,328070,17897349,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,BirdyGurdy,"Do you like Quake or Unreal series? Well this is the game for you. Great action packed, old school shooter just like the good old 90's were."
,Not Recommended,328070,30405886,Posted: 9 March,all,ActionPoohole,"So today, I hear my discord chat beeping and my friend going WTF? You're a mod? (Of REFLEX Discord Server) I instantly assumed something had gone wrong on their end. Turns out that I was set as blue name (Moderator) as some sort of ironic april fools joke. I was set up as a moderator with the idea what it would be so far fetched for me to be one that it would be hilarious for them to see my reaction. The community in there is disgustingly toxic as verified by the developers, but they put up with it as it seems to be all they have. I got banned for pointing out all the horrible and toxic players/chatters and that their joke is disgusting and then told them to all go ♥♥♥♥ themselves. They set me up as a joke and banned me for getting upset about it.As for the game. No one really plays it. The developers seem to only listen to the elitist and loudest players (The ones with bad attitudes that bully the genuine casuals).They released out of Early Access with an update that didn't seem to have progressed at all from the most recent previous update and it still retained a lot of known bugs including that of the missing geometry in the bridge tool (mapping tool) which happened all too often aswell as the invisible geometry that loves to jut out of obscure angled apexes (a remnant left from the half fixed angle bug).But getting back to community: I was bullied in the discord from day one by the likes of their main community mapper promEUs aswell as other chatters like laskerdoodleydoo, seekax and more. This all started because I stated that I like clean and simple designs without clutter.From then on it was endless ""Clean, Simple, Aesthetics :OK_hand:"" and the like. They didn't talk to me as a human being, but instead as a rolling joke and meme. Perhaps I had unintentionally upset/offset promEUs by saying lots of the maps had combat clarity issues? I'm sure he took offense to it and just meme'd me endlessly with his 'posse'. They did it so bad to me for a long peroid of time that I just left and didn't come back for months.I finally came back and was instantly memed by promEUs. That was when I lost my♥♥♥♥♥♥and burned him so hard about his awful and abusive personality that I nearly got banned for the thorough roasting I gave him. Shooter told me to stop or he'd ban me. I let rip and said I will not be bullied. Ban me if you want, but this guy is a horrible piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥. etc etc.. I slammed promEUs and his poor attitude towards me and how he bullied anyone who was making attempts at mapping. (Stepping on his toes) He claimed that he was just teasing to try push me to complete my maps. Apparently that is his fun way of prodding me into completing my map designs, by harrassing me and making fun of me?When he designs a map there will be people rushing to help him and test it etc. For myself; being in Australia, there are almost no players to test with and actively develop with. When I asked people to test maps for me in the past they were disinterested until that day when I lost it with them for making fun of me... Then all of a sudden, because the dev is there speaking... Magically people become interested and say ""Oh yeah we'd test them if you put them up on the workshop"". The feedback from abusive players like this anyway is likely ""meh"" and ""cancer"" so setting myself up for that kind of feedback is counter-productive.There are very few players in Australia and none I can find that are actively interested in mapping. PromEUs has plenty of backers to help him. It's extremely demotivating to have no one willing to spend some decent time to map test with you. (Willing..? Rather that even exist, AU REFLEX is DEAD) So as much as I enjoy mapping and playing, there just isn't a big enough community to make mapping in Australia a realistic or enjoyable hobby.http://steamcharts.com/app/328070<-- They left early access in march which explains the rise from 30 average players a day to 77 (World wide) .... So you can only guess how many are in Australia... Less than 10 or 15? Plus you won't have that many online at any one time.As for the game itself. It's basically Quake Live with a mix of VQL and PQL movement and a handful of little movement tricks thrown in. It's basically all Quake Live weapons except MG is replaced with a weak projectile based shotgun style weapon and the melee is hitscan single swing. Game includes ramp jumping and step jumping. Consecutive jumps increase upwards accelleration. It's basically just Quake revamped with a map editor that works online with friends.-----TL,DR:Banned from their discord (I was about to press the leave server button though, but they beat me to it) for telling them to all go ♥♥♥♥ themselves for making me the centre of an ironic april fools joke. The 'people' in the REFLEX community which hold the most prominence in REFLEX are absolute horrific and toxic trolls. Their main community mapper promEUs is a horrible individual with a childish and awfully toxic personality. The developers are not interested in the toxicity of the community even if you provide proof of bullying and/or harrassment. The game has less than an average of 80 players online worldwide at any one given time (So make that probably less than 10 for Australia) The game is basically dead. I spent countless hours designing tonnes of maps which are near completion, but due to the horrific state of the community it's unlikely that I'd finish them. I stopped working on my maps and playing the game due to harrassment and bullying.----As a Quake Live player who spends a lot of time in a server that I moderate.. I can safely say that the only reason you'd ever play REFLEX over Quake Live or CPMA is to have a built in Online/CoOp mapping tool. But with almost no community to share the maps with I'd forget about that entirely.REFLEX was something I was really looking forward to, but the sheer lack of community and horrifically toxic discord that accompanies it I'd highly suggest that this game is not worth your money. You'll find yourself TRYING to get people to play with you, but for the most part you'll be looking for someone to fight.. Or fighting the same couple of people over and over again. Team based modes are not worth playing because getting a game together is a horrific ordeal.I feel that if the developers listened more to the casual community rather than catering to a toxic bunch of purist/elitist trolls on their discord then this game could have been a much more fun title that would be worth playing.But it's just not worth the effort.REFLEX is the game that could have been, but it was rushed out of early access and the community is absolute crap.The only okay part of the game/community is the race community and a few near silent pockets of friends hiding away from all the barrels of toxic waste lain strewn across the deserts of REFLEX.This game deserves to fail as the developers are mostly unprofessional and childish. Show me your rebuttal? The logs show exactly what happened. What a horrific♥♥♥♥♥♥storm of a game this turned out to be. It's situations and companies like this which make other people look good.As for anyone thinking I'm just being sensitive or making up drama...? Get anyone honest enough to post the logs of the first time I ever logged into REFLEX Discord. I don't have them anymore because I've been banned. And you might think that because I'm the one banned that I must be the problem? Well, think about how a toxic community can outcast anyone that doesn't fit in. That's exactly what happened here... I didn't meld into their childish, meme-ing, ""teasing always"" is funny sort of community. I am childish and immature almost always and I love to have a laugh and a joke. This place wasn't a laugh and a joke. This place was them laughing and making a joke out of you. The majority of the loudest people in there were absolute scum who don't have the intellectual capacity to realise that they are just nasty."
76561197971108024,Recommended,328070,28341178,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Greed,"A great game with classic feel and very few teething troubles (alpha 0.47.5). The weaponry is mostly related to QL/Q3A but highly advanced movement mechanics makes it a modern approach to CPMA and Defrag. A friendly and helpful community with outstanding creative potential is rolling out loads of maps, mods, content and events worldwide. On top, the developers are friendly, responsive and close to the players. Given the early access pricing, it's a steal!"
76561198004962821,Recommended,328070,22408877,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,LA.Monti,"Love it.I want to point out the ""Race Mode"", which is similar to Quake 3 Defrag and for me the best game experience since...since... I don't know, maybe ever.The map editor lets you build your maps ingame. Just press a button and you can edit maps, which is particularly suitable for the race-mode. Some friends playtest your map while you build it at the same time. What more do you want?"
,Recommended,328070,22479272,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Hurley,"Reflex is arguably the best pure shooter available today, despite the current unfinished state it exists in.  It doesn't have the flash or spectacle of the more mainstream games, but it also doesn't rely on stupid gimmicks to prove it's edgy.  What it has is a graphical style all its own, the best/most intricate movement system around, weapons and format which have been around and perfected for years, and a skill-ceiling which is so high it's almost obnoxious...and I mean that in the best possible sense.Technically, it runs very smooth, the integration of the browser with the Steam Workshop provides countless options, and the included map editor is very intuitive and simple while not hindering creativity in the least.As far as negatives, most will be addressed in coming updates.  Most notably the introduction of bots and a tutorial to provide newer players a way to learn without getting as frustrated.  Arena shooters are hard.  In my opinion far more difficult than more popular skill shooters like Counter-Strike.  Bots and a tutorial, as well as proper matchmaking, will help ease the learning curve and allow the AFPS genre to grow.  Which brings me to the largest negative: player count.  If the before-mentioned issues are addressed, as they almost certainly will before official release, player count will be the main downside of the game.So try Reflex, get friends into it, post videos, and help grow the base.  It can only help the game.  Give it a real try, too.  Don't go into a game expecting to do great because you think you're awesome since you have a bunch of CSGO skins.  You're going to get beat your first few games...most likely badly.  But once you actually start doing well, everything else will feel slow and dull."
76561198015730824,Recommended,328070,27464894,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,waltfee,updated review after official release:the devs delivered everything they promised at the start of early access.there are a few things that need attention but the devs said they are not done with the game.Best features:- Best netcode ever- Very beautiful steam workshop integration- Customizable hud- Race mod is super fun
,Recommended,328070,14675180,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,AxelhacK,So much fun fragging the enemies. Awesome movement system. Easy map editing. 10/10
76561198036898123,Recommended,328070,22126456,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Bipolar,The fun I feel playing this game is inversely proportional to my skill.:D:):|:(:cSo... I'm a noob... ('._.)
,Recommended,328070,32414673,Posted: 14 June,all,Awpteamoose,The last true AFPS because none came after it and probably never will.
,Recommended,328070,34434401,Posted: 23 August,all,Koffee,"Quality game, really enjoyed learning and playing. But, I couldn't advice you to buy it now. Which is a real shame because the developers of Reflex have done a superb job.As of now there's barely any players online, you'll be lucky to find a 1v1. And now with Quake Champions around the corner I can't see the playerbase rising again.RIP Reflex Areana. Lost but not forgotten. Say hello to Shootmania for me too, I miss her as well."
,Recommended,328070,19976576,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Delementary,"Edit: 1 year after writing my original review, I had to come back and reflect on how I feel about the game today. After another 500+ hours played over the last 365 days, I can say this game is absolutely worth not only giving a try, but commiting to.Reflex is not easy to learn or break into, I will admit. It's a challenging shooter on another level and some players aren't willing to commit the time it takes. I completely understand that. However if you are on the fence or want a challenging game, I can say Reflex will respect your time. It's a game of infinite subtleties that you can't expect to learn overnight. But the joy of slowly learning the skills you need to take on the next best opponent is insanely satsifying.Don't let the low population discourage you. Don't let your friends who play lame games discourage you. Reflex will catch on eventually, and every single person playing gets us closer to that time. I'm looking forward to tons of new updates and new players to challenge me for another year to come, and I hope to see you there too.Original Review:Reflex is a game that will truly challenge your skill as an FPS player, and remind you why they are so much fun. It's not about your teammates, or your build, or your loadout. The fun Reflex provides is endless because it constantly pushes you to earn it.-The Experience-It's not a game designed for casual shooter fans, but that certainly doesn't mean you need to have 10+ years of arena shooter experience to enjoy it. If you consider yourself skilled in any FPS - the sheer depth of this game will excite you.Simply put, Reflex is a fast paced shooter focused on controlling weapons and powerups. It has a wonderfully deep movement system that requires a ton of practice to truly understand, and provides a true sense of empowerment when used correctly. As you play the game and learn new tricks, the speed of everything slowly picks up at a very manageable pace. The reward for practice is tangible, satisfying, raw, individual skill.-The Gameplay-Fast, moment to moment gunfights and mindgames. Reflex is primarily played in a 1v1 setting, which works great with the huge map pool available. The speed of the game ensures it's never dull, even with only one person to hunt down. The core of Reflex's gameplay revolves around using the correct weapon for the right situation, and always staying a step ahead of your opponent. There are ~8 unique weapons to master. The dynamic health/armor system with fast spawning pickups adds an element of control to the game, while always leaving open the possiblity for a comeback.Reflex has some of the best network connections/ hit detection I've seen modern fps games, shy of 128 tick CS servers. This game is fully equipped for professional competition.-The Community-Make no mistake, Reflex is not the most popular (for now). The player pool is small, but I have never been unable to find a game when I want to play. Many of the active players are vets of Quake, which means you will get stomped at first. They're not hacking, they're just far better than you. If you are the type of player that can take a loss as a learning experience, you will thrive in Reflex and improve quickly.Despite the wide range of player skills, everyone playing Reflex has been very friendly from my experience, always willing to help out or offer encouragement. New players will definitely need it.There are also several community tools to help foster a strong sense of community, including an in-game map editor (there are dozens of community made maps playable), and a full-featured spectator mode for making frag films or just watching and chatting while watching some buddies duke it out.-Overall-A deceptively complex game that's easy to learn and impossible to master. It provides the ""fun factor"" so many FPS games just dont have anymore. You aren't playing to fill up a xp bar or unlock a new skin, you play because it feels right. Reflex has a beautifuly simple art style, with just the right amount of color and flair to keep you hooked. The level of polish in every aspect of the game is apparent right from the start. If you appreciate the depth of competitive shooters like Counter-strike or Quake, you owe it to yourself to try Reflex."
,Recommended,328070,20510070,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,xXIDONTKNOW2104Xx (@ college),"This is a very fun game. I just started getting into afps's, and I am very glad I got this game. Despite the stomping from veterans, the INCREDIBLY complicated and skill-needy movement system, and the overall high skill floor, which essentially starts on the third story, and even higher skill ceiling, which pretty much goes into space, I still enjoy playing this game. This game, in its current state, has arguably the nicest and most supportive community I have ever met. I am sure that I would have left the genre before I even got serious into it because of a hard community, had I not chosen this game over Quake. Without the community of this game, I would have uninstalled the game and wish I never wasted the money. The incredibly nice community of this game should be enough to buy reflex, in and of itself.PROS:-smooth game play, despite my ping of at least 50 on almost every server, I have experienced very little lag on servers with ping from 50-150.-GREAT modablility. There is a literal tab in the options dedicated to changing the HUD. This game BEATS TEAM FORTRESS 2 IN HOW EASY TO MOD. I download a HUD, but I am not limited to that HUD when I install. I can use parts of different huds to make a HUD that I want. Team fortress 2 makes you use one HUD package at a time, with the settings the creator made, with the layout the creator made; the creator determines your HUD in its entirety. but Reflex throws that idea out the window, you don't download a HUD, you download a package of widgets for you to put together into your own combination for the HUD YOU want.-INSANELY NICE COMMUNITY. I don't think I said it enough. This is arguably the best community I have ever met, and I can't get over it. So much support, so much help. INCREDIBLE.-AND MORE!! I just cannot say enough about this game. I can only say for now, GET IT. If you like first person shooters, and you need the fastest game you can get your hyperactive hands on, look no further than Reflex. You will not be disappointed.CONS:- no tutorial at this point. I have heard that it is in the works, and there are community maps designed to help, but the movement system alone NEEDS a detailed tutorial and plenty of practice time. 99% of the time you see on my account in reflex is spent on learning the movement system. I have barely done any combat because I know I will get crushed.-highest skill floor I have ever played. Team fortress 2 is easy to get into, all you have to do is shoot ppl of the other color, and stand on the objective. Reflex, however, requires so much more. You have to move very fast, and aim at things going just as fast, and control the pick ups as much as possible, and keep track of when each major pick up will spawn, and at the same time, your opponent(s) are doing the same, so you have to predict them because most of the guns in the game are projectile weapons. The matchmaking in the making will help quite a bit, but at this point, most everyone who plays the game are very good at it. HOWEVER, they will be willing to help you learn. Just put out a request for help, and it will get accepted.VERDICT:ABSOLUTELY GET THIS GAME. If you like first person shooters, and are looking for a challenge, this game will not disappoint."
,Recommended,328070,27356456,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Scootermouse,Reflex is slick as ♥♥♥♥ and super satisfying to play. Easily the best arenafps game on Steam.
76561198016157249,Recommended,328070,27054870,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,blorgog,Greatest map editor ever.I guess there's also a shoot em up game tacked on too?
,Recommended,328070,30595915,Posted: 18 March,all,Sipty👌 👌 👌,"The most friendly FPS community I have had the pleasure of playing with. The game is designed with a small playerbase in mind and the matchmaker has always found a fair game for me in less than 3 minutes.Polished to a high standard, this is the quake clone to play."
,Recommended,328070,25612301,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Wolf K,"The penultimate Arena FPS Experience.  It's better than Quake Live, which started to get really casual.  Weapon balance is perfect, movement isn't floaty, and the netcode, dear god the netcode, it's perfect.  All of the maps you can think of are able to be gotten, like Aerowalk.  I love this game, and I've supported it for a long time, and will continue to support it."
,Recommended,328070,18792177,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,dansen,"dedicated devs. game's the bomb.if you like a game that focuses on movement, gamesense and a little bit of aim, this one's for you.the movement is a nice fusion of quakelive style strafejumping and counter-strike style bunnyhopping.the long time-to-kills in some of the fights make for entertaining and intense combat.don't be mistaken tho, this game is harsh. huge scorelines will look intimidating.but after maybe 5 or 10 hours of playing, you will notice how you keep improving your game in a very much visible manner. and thats what makes this game great.pick it up, its worth every cent and then some."
,Recommended,328070,17114503,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,The Kid,"Modern version of classic Quake and Unreal series, with the best features of original games and some new mechanics! 10/10."
,Recommended,328070,17762812,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,kz,"If arena-shooters get big again, I will bet you it will be because of this game - when it is released of course.This game accurately plays based on CPMA (quake 3) style movement, making it insanely fast paced.This is the only game I can say is faster than Quake Live, which means a lot.As an early access game, it already has its core movement/gameplay absolutely perfect. There isn't a thing I would change. The most amazing netcode I have ever seen in a game in my life, and it runs so smooth it is actually refreshing to play the game.The gameplay is so perfect, but obviously the other aspects of the game such as art/textures, gui, social, etc. need a lot of work but that's okay because the game is only early access."
,Recommended,328070,16488236,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,PotHat,"I love this game, the CPMA movement feels beautiful, and it's so easy to pick up and play, and difficult to master.This is the next true Quake! Pick it up, it's well worth it, if anything the game is lacking more players!Also the devs are really good people and deserve the support. They even allow ""pirating"" for LAN parties! :)"
,Recommended,328070,22372038,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,TStorm,"Great classic arcade shooter inspired by the CPMA mod for Quake III. Although the game is still in Early Access, it provides a polished experience, with very rarely seen bugs and solid core gameplay.As of now, it only lacks content in terms of gamemodes, ranked matchmaking, and customization other than weapon skins. If you love Quake and are a competitive player, go for it. You will expect to die a lot and play many 1v1s due to the small but undying hardcore quake veteran playerbase, but it's way worth the money!"
,Recommended,328070,12853122,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Simbo~ skinhub.com,Bought this simply because im glad someone is making an old school quick shooter. Even though it is pretty bare at this moment it is still incredibly good fun and i have high hopes for its future if the devs keep at it.
,Recommended,328070,15821964,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,De Lift,"A required purchase for any Quake fan.Reflex is to Quake, what TOXIKK is to Unreal Tournament; an attempt to revive the old school arena shooter.Plays smoothly and looks the part, the development crew shows great dedication to the game and updates frequently.I have been looking for a game that can give me the same rush as Quake did back in the day, but never quite found it, until Reflex came along.Now it has mutators I don't need to go back to Quake Live for my instagib fix!"
,Recommended,328070,14408563,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,ni,"This game is far from finished. There's not even an options menu. Don't buy it if you're looking for a nearly finished product.That being said, the gameplay is godlike. Fast, precise and smooth. It's the perfect arena shooter.Can't wait for match-making and other features."
,Recommended,328070,30446947,Posted: 11 March,all,[LB] blaknite,Silky smooth and polished arena FPS. If you ever spent countless hours in Quake or Unreal Tournament you're going love this.
76561198291665291,Recommended,328070,28423632,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,burgah boy,"This is honestly one of the best fps games I've played in ages, the only things holding it back is the small community and the lack of any major offline features like bots. Overall this is an instant reccomendation to anyone who enjoys the Quake series or arena fps in general."
,Recommended,328070,30460434,Posted: 11 March,all,Seth Parker,"I'm writing a positive review for this game because more people need to see that this game is actually pretty good. There just aren't as many players as hoped, but that's fine, that's why I'm writing this, lol.It's fast-paced, intense, well-optimized, pretty, and reminds me of the good old Quake and Unreal Tournament days. You really should get it."
76561197960826218,Recommended,328070,21860479,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,LuGi,Awesome game for nerds who want real challenge! Creative freedom and psychology to the max. Raw skill 1v1 randomness to the min.
76561197970153763,Recommended,328070,12800489,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,unkind,"ULTRA early access, placeholders everywhere.That being said, its pretty much cpma with a few differences. cpma is fun, so is this."
,Recommended,328070,30451091,Posted: 11 March,all,Buttface Jones,"Hardcore AFPS with quality features and customizability. Everything I've been wanting in an FPS, period."
76561198095990256,Not Recommended,328070,24243101,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,CHAOS,"I started following this game in 2014, even before it was released in Steam, and had high hopes for Reflex. Game looked very promising featuring fast-paced movement system and adrenaline battles, just like in good ol' Quake. While at the beginning it was very optimistic looking project, it failed miserably by the time I'm writing this review.The problem is in the fact, that developers are pretty much incompetent in many areas. This relates mostly to technical and gameplay sides of Reflex.To begin with, game was based on highly successful Quake 3 mod called CPMA. Making complete rip-off of physics, gamemodes, weapons and gameplay in general, after 2(!) years developers failed to copy even the half of the functionality properly.Secondly, updates are very stagnant and unproductive. Waiting for months and getting new model for 1 of 8 featured weapons and bunch of paid melee skins is highly disgusting feeling.Thirdly, active community of this game consists of few dozen of players, who actively searching fresh meat on the servers, while not busy making racist jokes in Discord channel or circlejerking on every possible forum, how Reflex is superior compared to everything.Reflex seems now for me just like another born dead game such as Warsow, Xonotic, Toxikk and etc."
,Recommended,328070,28924123,Posted: 1 January,all,Jewl,"Super fun game, great community. Definitely buy it. I even got a copy for a friend."
76561198161045655,Recommended,328070,15355349,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Keter,Better than the arena shooters your grandma used to play.10/10
,Recommended,328070,30453061,Posted: 11 March,all,InVader,"So far the best arena shooter on the market.Better than Unreal Tournament (currently), better than Toxikk, on par with Warsow (this one needs to come to Steam already). We'll see how Quake Champions will do - I expect QC to be the biggest, simply because of the sheer marketing power Bethesda and the name ""Quake"" has, but that does not necessarily mean it will also be the best.EDIT: Well, QC is here, with terrible netcode and hit detection, it is actually doing no better than Reflex. Hell, in Reflex it's even easier to find a game. I don't have to wait to find, I can just look up a dedicated server with players in it and instantly join.The good:Minimalistic artstyle:When you look at gameplay footage from Quake Champions you can pretty much tell that visibility is dogshit, players meld with the background and wish it just had bright skins - as far as I'm concerned, if your game needs bright skins, it has sh!t design. Not that brght skins are a good solution - that's also sh!t design. Then there's the new Unreal Tournament, which jumped the shark by over-using the teamcolors. Most characters got bodypaint and it almost looks like it's glowing. Reflex has by far the most elegant solution. Also runs well on potato computers at like 100+ fps!Weapon balance/Gameplay:It helps that the dev creating this game actually knows how to play it well. Like really well. It's thanks to this, that pretty much every weapon is viable and fulfill it's purpose nicely. Maybe the plasma is a bit too weak (15 dmg/shot), but it still works very well in corridors and has a lot of utility with plasma climbing.Intersting Weapons:that's right, you've just read Plasma climb! Most weapons can somehow be used for extra movement abilities. There was a time when the Ion (railgun) was leaving a stake in the wall on which you could jump, not sure what happened to that. A lot of weapons have strong knockback too. I will say this though, it's difficult to master the extra movement options with these guns and just spontaneously combine and use it during a regular match as you're B-hopping through the map.Short item timers:You know how afps are notoriously famous for being tor enabling snowballing too much? Yeah, that won't happen here much. You always get to pick up at least something right away after respawning - weapon or armor in Duel/team based matches. You will always get a chance. It's only the Free-For-All deathmatch game mode that lacks pick-ups - obviously. It could use some kill-based rewards to keep you in the fight (like how in Toxikk enemies drop healthpacks on death).The community:You'll meet the friendliest players ever here. Even when I was streaming they helped me out with learning some of the trickjumps and how certain mechanics work, down to the very detail, patiently. Obviously, since while the game has a healthy playerbase and is being played they still want more and more to join. They know that many people get intimidated by difficult shooters like this.Server Browser:Remember when sometimes you would just casually start up the game while you're eating and join your favorite server just to talk to the regulars there, which you already know, played and developed a friendship with? Yeah, me neither. In an age where every game has matchmaking, you don't really get friendly with people any more. You just drop into the next match, and call the guy at the top of the leaderboard a cheater, instead of remembering his name and declaring him your rival, who you must absolutely beat one day.Spactating on the whim: Want to watch how the game is played at high rank/in tournaments? Boom, it's right there in the main page/menu. It takes literally just 1 click and you can gaze at how much better the people with 1-2k hours on this game are than you.Mapping/modding tools, endless content:You can literally create your own map in a multiplayer match, along with other players. As a result, there's many maps that ""made the cut"" for being good maps and have been included in many servers. There's already thousands of them. Just before the writing of this review I played on a Sonic themed bunny-track/race map. So if you're wondering why the game download is only 400MB, don't worry there's several gigabytes of custom maps already.Mixed bag:Movement System:Don't get me wrong, it's nice that there are so many movement options, but it's unnecessarily complex and just scares new players. I'm used to it by now and I love it, but I'm a veteran. I especially like how double/triple jumping works in this game, becauseit makes sense. But just think about how strafejumping works for a second:""If you hold a strafing button while bunny-jumping and slowly turn your mouse, you will gain incredible speed!"". Oh that makes TOTALLY sense and is absolutely intuitive (/sarcasm)... There's another afps called warsow, which at least tried to make bunny-hoppinglooklike it makes sense (your character makes bigger and bigger ""steps"" with each jump, still looking like he's running, but keeping up the speed).Another such special move is Circle Jump:""If you start running diagonally and spin your mouse before jumping, you jump further.""... Just.... what? Sure, not everything has to make sense in a videogame, but c'mon, this is ridiculous!This movement system also makes it too easy to get stuck in doorways (though that's partly the map designers fault for having small doors) or mistime a jump or fall down. Too fast? You'll miss the jump. Too slow? You won't reach the ledge. You're off course? You can choose to either air-control or air-strafe for speed. If you air-control, you won't be fast enough to reach the other side. If you choose speed, you stay of course and get stuck in the corner. Just... too little margin for error. You're either on point or dead. A good movement system should let you go where you want to go easily and lets you evade shots if you're good enough.Regardless, flying through bunny-track/race maps at Mach 3 is still fun, but it's okay in that gamemode because it is specifically about mastering movement, much like how you master a track with a specific car in racing simlators.The bad:Matchmaking: Just don't use it. Use the server browser instead. I can already see how idiots will be complaining that the game is dead, when in fact it's just the matchmaking that sucks. + Most people don't even use the matchmaking, cuz they have servers with custom maps, duh. People around here have a different mentality and just don't use matchmaking, which is why you won't find any big games that way.Duel focused: Of course there are gamemodes like CTF played competitively by a lot of people, but in regards to how the game is designed, it's obvious that Duel had the biggest focus. It's the most hardcore and punishing game mode that ever existed. Most people will probably just want to drop into DM/TDM and just frag away.No music: The game is just silent af. Sure, you need to hear the footsteps and stuff, but nobody plays competitively 24/7. For bunnytrack/race it would be very welcome. You're gona have to run your own music in the background.Tutorial: Where's the rest of it?! It doesn't tell you of about half of the movement options available!!! That being said, I found a far better giant community tutorial map on of the servers. It taught me a great deal about timing jumps for multi-jumps, stair-jumps and teleport boosts.If I could think of anything else it would probably be the skill floor. Having a high skill ceiling for a game is good, but a high skill floor not so much. New players will struggle to learn everything and often they just get scared away, no matter how friendly the community is, which will then result in a small amount of players. However, we have yet to see how the game will do in the long term."
,Recommended,328070,12807702,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Owl.,"Holy hell, I haven't had this much fun in a LOOOONG time. Even with the buggy nature of an early release, this is totally worth the money. Gotta go fast! As I'm writing this, there are a few bugs that kinda irks me, like the railgun feels so very off. I've heard they are gonna fix that, tho.As for the gameplay, movement is so smooth and responsive. Even if you'r not a master, it takes almost no time to get used to. It feels proper fast and heavy, the characters have weight to them.This is just the beginning. If you want to support the future of arena FPS, BUY THIS GAME.Or actually, see a bit for yourself, the game is in very early access, there will be bugs, there will be WTF moments and it will change. If you have been looking forward for this game or you generally love arena fps'es, I wouldn't hesitate tho. it's just so much fun!"
,Recommended,328070,30420412,Posted: 9 March,all,Forgot10,"This game is a must if you like classic arena FPS games. Pure no-nonsense gameplay: it's all about stacking up, racking up some guns and shooting your enemies to death. It's not like you need anything else in an FPS, right? Also there's the movement system which is similar to Q3 CPMA - very fast paced, fairly easy to grasp, definitely hard to master.So if you want a good modern shooter with energetic gameplay and lots of features that allow you to tweak the game to your liking, don't hesitate and buy it. Also don't forget to invite your friends and populate the multiplayer!"
,Recommended,328070,32726815,Posted: 24 June,all,DaveFace <3,"If you like arena shooters in the style of Quake 3, then this is a pretty good bet.The main problem is the steep learning curve, as experienced players (the core playerbase) already know the maps, movement, and weapons extremely well - even down to teleport destinations - making early gameplay fairly boring.But at least the community isn't toxic, so there's that."
,Recommended,328070,30418517,Posted: 9 March,all,ajkju,"Reflex Arena is a dance of death, gibs and explosions. Difficult, but endlessly satisfying to learn. The best feeling engine and netcode of any game I've played. Highly customisable and a friendly community. Join us!If you're intimidated, grab a friend and play together! Anyone can have fun with a player close to their skill level. The bots are a little dumb still, but great for learning the ropes.Legit the best Arena FPS game out today. The devs are very active and keeps producing quality content every update. Happy to have been a part of the early access.What time is it, 2 AM...? I have time for one more game..."
,Recommended,328070,20698957,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,promje,"I hesitated a long time before deciding to write this review, as I was unsure as to the actual potential Reflex has in it. But after playing almost 50 hours I think I can safely say - it does have potential. Lots of it.Reflex is more or less an indirect remake of CPMA. The game has been brought up to date and upgraded to modern graphics and functionalities, bringing the classic arena FPS genre into the 21st century standards. While still in early development as of when I'm writing this review, the game looks, performs and plays absolutely great. And with more improvements, such as netcode and performance optimizations coming, I'm sure the game will be even more playable in the future.Having played CPMA for 3 years before I won't go into detail about the gameplay itself, as I think it's sufficient enough to just say it's a very faithful to the original game and everyone that came in contact with it should feel at home. There are some differences; furthermore, more balance changes are to come, but nevertheless, nobody can deny the similarities between both titles.While at the moment the game is bare-bones and the community is small, Reflex is surely on a way to much bigger success and with every update, the game can only get much better. I hope nothing but the best for the devs, and await what future may bring upon this wonderful title.edit as of nov 2016: I must say I've been slightly dissatisfied with the recent update rate and the overall state of the game, as I expected it to grow exponentially over time, which it unfortunately does not. However, even with a small playerbase the fun is still there and I still encourage everyone to try and give Reflex a try."
,Recommended,328070,17088884,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,noxy,"This game (so far) holds true to fast pace twitch reaction FPS you are looking for.If your fondest memory is double rocket jumping off 2 walls and railing an opponent mid air only to land and shotgun clutch the last of the opposing team, then buy this."
76561198042185286,Recommended,328070,26139069,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,DazedSpartan,Great skill based fps based on CPM. Great community. Find people your level when you first start and move up from there. Don't get frustrated. Watch Kovaak's videos and ask for tips. Most fun out of all the quake style games. Get it!
,Recommended,328070,29236298,Posted: 13 January,all,luxer,"Really fun to play, one of the best arena fps around."
,Recommended,328070,28573383,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,You just got NaE nAe'd,I saw shoushi play this . (csgo player)immideatly was like i have to get this game.got that game.I dont regret anything. this is quake3  or quake live with a living playerbase. obviously it has like a really small community. but lets make it big like before. this is insanely good and deserves more than what it getsedit. about quake3 or quake live part. i was wrong a bit. it has difftrent rule settings.but the idea is pretty much  the same.plus they added matchmakingand this game costs 10 dollars come on this is a game that makes fun of early access games for calling themself early access. (*cough* H1Z1 *cough*)
,Recommended,328070,12836886,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Ridley,"Hopefully the devs will turn this game into the next definitive arena shooter.So far so good , everything feels right."
76561197996870611,Recommended,328070,20324916,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,legit_mojoboi,"You play long enough to get good at it, or you end up ♥♥♥♥ing up your mental health.Ei mua naurata."
76561198029388379,Recommended,328070,30295190,Posted: 3 March,all,panikborke,"great game, hopefully it will get more players after the official release"
,Recommended,328070,12834944,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,C4RB1N3,This game looks promising.Please be the one to bring back that old UT and Quake feel. I really want to see this game finished.
,Recommended,328070,30480871,Posted: 12 March,all,minimonster,Quake 2.0
,Recommended,328070,15849904,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,remmanator,"Reflex is everything that a speed demon wants in a game. Fast paced twitch gaming, with multiple game modes, an active and developing community, and an awesome multiplayer map editor!And it's not even finished yet! The developers are working hard to bring this game to where it needs to be to become a must have in any FPS gamer's collection.Highly recommended - get on it!"
,Recommended,328070,14136160,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,MAD_JIHAD,"I recommend this game to anyone who is interested in arena FPS games with fast movement. The map editor is amazing and the UI is fully customizable. As long as you play someone close to your skill level it's fun. Once you play reflex you can never go back to vanilla quake 3 movement, it just feels so slow in comparison.The community is active, you can find 1v1 games in a couple minutes by joining match making.Unlike most AAA studios, the Reflex developers listen to feedback and are active within the community.Note: You may have noticed a bunch of weapons and robot parts for purchase, don't be alarmed they are purley cosmetic and do not affect gameplay at all. They also drop randomly at the end of a match.Below is a list of notable featuresOnline and offline multiplayer.Dedicated and client hosted servers.Advanced netcode not seen in any other FPS game.DRM Free LAN mode, copy your game files and play on LAN with friends.Built in easy to use Map Editor that doesn't require advanced skills.Character customization withstrictly cosmeticitems that randomly drop after matches.Stats, XP and Character levels which do not affect gameplay.Steam Workshop: Customize the game with player made maps and addons.Mutators allow you to fool around with things like low gravity or big head mode.Training mode teaches you the basic game mechanics.Game ModesCapture the FlagTeam DeathmatchInstagibFree for AllDual mode (1v1)RaceTraining"
76561198012041798,Recommended,328070,17593333,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,JakeTheCake!,"Let's see, how do I describe this game... After the most recent update, I was appalled by the massive progression of the aesthetics. But what was the most amazing accomplishment they have done unlike any other early access game; Is the full solid gameplay mechanics. They're challenging, faster paced than Quake III, and are much more enjoyable than getting lacerated by bugs, glitches, overpowered weapons, (not to mention they fix and fine tune even the slightest advantages of a weapon), bad maps, and terrible netcode. This is definitely most CERTAINLY the best netcode I've ever been able to experience. Hitboxes aren't out of order either, Everything is perfected.This is quite possibly the perfect DM game for anyone craving fast paced arena games! The movement is easy to pick up but insanely hard to master just like the originals. This game is trying to spark back the days of arena FPS and all it needs is a bigger community. See that's the problem we need to resolve this by adding more than just it's highly competitive stature as less players would play due to highly skilled players. What would be nice is a type of team based gamemode. Or possibly create a much larger FFA map ( You don't want to be in bdm3 with 16 people, trust me) capture the flag. Just gamemodes that require larger spaces and bigger maps for the more casual players. I love this game and I want to see it progress it's amazing!! What I really hope for though is some progression towards more casual friendly gameplay for the whole community to enjoy the game!I ensure you, this game will open a new door of gaming you've never seen before It's amazing and I totally reccomend you try it out. If you get beat up in a 1v1 don't worry about it, just play and play and before you know it you'll be picking up the ropes and enjoying it more than ever before! I encourage you to purchase this game as it is growing as I type this review too... ;D"
76561197965860007,Recommended,328070,24971737,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,casPASeus,"Even as untalented FPS player this game gives you so much to look forward to. Especially when you enjoy other slower paced FPS games, your skill will improve much because of the necessary precision needed to play Reflex. It's an investment you won't regret and you support an awesome indipendet developer who made this game from scratch.BUY BUY BUY"
76561198065195857,Recommended,328070,25904441,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,afternoonofthefaun,"The game is really good. Almost like a combination of all the quake games, in terms of movement and speed. I'm quite new to the arena fps genre, but it's super awesome, coming from slower fps games. I like the multiple weapon availability instead of loadouts,Only issues I have is that I live in Asia region, and it's really hard to find players. Yeah, I can join other servers, but even with reflex's lag compensation, over 300 ping is a little too much to play with. I think if the game became a bit more popular, I could play more.It's an overal awesome game hope a lot more players in my region play it."
,Recommended,328070,30518574,Posted: 14 March,all,ＢＵＤＳＴＥＲ,"If you liked Q3A, etc, then you'll certainly like this game as well.For those of you new to the arena shooter genre, it's the fastest FPS you'll ever play. I hope you give it a chance and stick around, but you'll be getting your♥♥♥♥♥♥kicked in for a while.In response to ""ded gaem"": I will say that (as of March 2017) the matchmaking queue is pretty snappy, and I haven't waited long for a game yet.Absolutely recommend picking it up with some friends."
,Recommended,328070,18935010,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,maltekl,"On a more serious note though. This game is amazing. I picked it up I think last year and I'm 600H in. Seriously, it's extremely fun and so rewarding the way you control the movement etc."
76561198152612867,Recommended,328070,17320579,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,emilie,"So far so good.  Amazing movement for fps.  Still in development stage when I am writing this, but is fun to play! Too bad you cannot see your opponent at all.   Blind prediction shooting for the most part."
,Recommended,328070,30274237,Posted: 2 March,all,voodoochopstiks,"It's got a great feel to it, a fun level design tool and is the first arena fps with decent matchingmaking features."
76561197960399794,Recommended,328070,30406211,Posted: 9 March,all,Pakho,"I mean there is not much to say, its a well polished quake like that is worth the try."
,Recommended,328070,30279112,Posted: 2 March,all,MX26,"The game is just amazing fun. If you've never really played an arena shooter before (like me) the game could feel a bit unfair at 1st, you'll keep dying while others zoom past you and grab all the good pickups, but once you figure out the movement and get used to the weapons, i can almost guarantee you that you'll have a blast playing this.You also shouldn't be scared off by the early access tag. The dev team has been doing a great job so far with both development and community interaction.The game does have a smaller playerbase, but you can usually still find one or two populateed matches at most times."
,Recommended,328070,24664052,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,[G4G]Throwaway_4_Opinions,"Early Access review and this game is more polished than most AAA games that come out (looking at your Ubisoft). The search is over for those seeking a replacement for Quake. This is made by the developers responsible for the Challenge Pro Mode Arena mod many fans considered as the perfected Quake. This is pretty much Quake 3 more polished, with love and care in every corner and it's amazing.Pros:- Outstanding Net code- Skill based movement- Rocketjumping- Customizeable hud-Customizable map editing- fast paced arena FPSCons:- No music (subject to change)- No bots (im not sure if thats on the to-do list)All and all I'm extremely satisfied with this and will probably be ready when all the people come migrating from quake live/champions when Bethesda inevitably messes those up."
,Recommended,328070,30413654,Posted: 9 March,all,Sulit,Amazing gameHas all essential featuresMMRanked MMMap creatorFun custom settingsFirst pure AFPS to have all these things
,Recommended,328070,23240644,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,ancient ones,quake live but with much better movement
,Recommended,328070,32647292,Posted: 22 June,all,Maggot,gud and fast game with an ingame map editor and good netcode
76561198155709317,Recommended,328070,28673047,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,no0,"This game is totally the game I've been looking for.a proper, REAL oldschool arena FPS.We don't want something easy. We want something great. Reflex is it!Here's to the growth of a healthy community who appreciates this genre for what it is."
,Recommended,328070,29726645,Posted: 5 February,all,chomsky honk,10/10 RIP QL
,Recommended,328070,23683726,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,poma,"Really good game, Probably the best AFPS on the market right now & a good entry level game into AFPS MP."
,Recommended,328070,12803516,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,JexiL,"Reflex is a blast to play.Actually, i dont think I've ever had this much fun since the old Quake days. Its simply an upgraded version of Quake 3 CPMA, which isnt a bad thing in any way. Actually, its quite the opposite. If you love fast paced, intense arena shooters, there isn't many games currently out on the market that can compete with Reflex. End of story.With all of that said, Reflex is still in very early development stage. And the game lacks several key features that you expect from a modern game, like proper matchmaking. Of course, all this is gonna be implemented sooner or later. But if this bothers you, the game probably isn't for you in its current state.But oh, The game is already so good. Everything from the skill-based movement, to the gunplay just feels great.Arena fps games have been out of the spotlight for to long. All it needs is a little shove back in.And if Reflex continues to build on its amazing core gameplay, im ready to say that Reflex may be that little boost that arena fps games have been wanting for so long.If your a fan of arena fps games, buy it. For the love of god."
,Recommended,328070,12835774,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,LoNeZiLLa,"If you have the patience, and are willing to put some time in.. you will not regret this game. One of a kind, the best eSports FPS hands down."
,Recommended,328070,17902569,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,poison,Quake 5
,Recommended,328070,20597484,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,june,"wish more people played it, great game"
,Recommended,328070,17727887,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,kMp- <3 Valkyrja,"highly recommended to all ppl who love real FPS and fans of quake !even if its still early access its way more better than other ""stable"" fps games i know ;D"
,Recommended,328070,17293681,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,shotaway,amazing fast paced arena fps a la quake/ut and surprisingly not too buggy for the early state the game is init is kinda of empty (maybe a few half-populated servers in any given moment) so please buy and play with me
,Recommended,328070,12807708,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,dingles,"This map editor though.  You can create stuff, play it, and then make changes to it as you play.  And its multiplayer.If you like making maps 10/10."
,Recommended,328070,22282429,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Purps™,M̶a̶t̶c̶h̶m̶a̶k̶i̶n̶g̶ ̶p̶l̶s̶.̶Community large enough for matchmaking to matter pls.I rate this game 5 out of 5 empty servers.Edit: Matchmaking is in.
,Recommended,328070,12832513,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Shazam,"Pre-Alpha Review: I think the majority of arena shooter fans would agree that even in its current state, this game already looks very promising. Would definitely recommend and can't wait to see the finished product."
,Recommended,328070,14052025,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,konffen,"Feels kinda like CPMA, good stuff. Still Early Access though so I hope this will fix gunmodels, more hud & cfg options etc... but the core is there and the core is good."
,Recommended,328070,12849347,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Formosity,I love the map editor and the fragging is good too. CPMA  is so good. I'm very impressed with this early alpha and know it will only get better with time and love. 10/10 go buy it now it's only $10 dollars!
,Recommended,328070,30597661,Posted: 18 March,all,Owlinator,"Lovely devs, lovely game, deserves so much more. Best reimagining of quake to date."
,Recommended,328070,30347025,Posted: 5 March,all,lzr,"10/10 the best movement in any FPS, creates the fastest and most technical gameplay. Not for the average gamer competitively (takes time for some people to get the hang of, dont get frustrated, learn from your mistakes, watch tuts).player scene is only small because AFPS in general is small and reflex has built its playerbase from the ground up.IT CANT BE DEAD IF IT WAS NEVER ALIVE- THE PLAYERBASE IS GROWING DAILY- PLAY REFLEX WITH YOUR FRIENDS"
,Recommended,328070,28098727,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,TheRA1DER,"My online gaming experience started with Quake 1, back in 1996. Reflex is just like going back to those days. Something that most recent arena shooters messed up is the movement, but reflex captures exactly what made quake unique. I love it!We NEED to support these type of developers. 100% worth your time and money."
76561197960788238,Recommended,328070,33626385,Posted: 18 July,all,Spencer,I've bought atleast 8 copies of this game for friends. Awesome for lan sessions. Game dev done the right way.
,Recommended,328070,30802171,Posted: 28 March,all,i got my old skools and thrasher,Love the fast paced action of the game and the high skill cap.
,Recommended,328070,12809453,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,dreamy,"The game feels absolutely fantastic (as of Alpha 0.39). The core gameplay is complete and feels perfect. Very much like Quake CPMA.They've been slowly adding in new content over the year.New additions and improvements they've added since then:-Multiplayer adjustments-New game modes-Network stability (good latency etc)-Gun/Player models-Updated Artstyle-Workshop integration-New UI-Map editorAnd that's with more to come. Like matchmaking, an XP system, animations and a whole lot more.Also, I have to say that the networking and mouse configurations in this game are some of the best in any multiplayer game I've ever played. Not to mention how great the community is as well.If you loved Quake 3/CPMA, and hate whats happened to Quake Live, then buy this and support the developer. So far I've been having a blast with the multiplayer and community.Closest thing anyones going to get to another good competitive arena shooter. The only downside? I wish more people would play it. :\"
76561198163014245,Recommended,328070,17848331,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,loprush,good game !
,Recommended,328070,12847755,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,shaz,"This game is totally awesome and even though it's in its early stage of development, it's just so playable and honestly very fun."
,Recommended,328070,14806718,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Decapitator,"Decided to check this out and after 2 matches I've sussed the game out and set up my config the way I want. The game is super easy to pick up if you've played quake for a long time like I have (since 1996) and feels like Quake Live should. I can't wait for them to finish the game and for it to take over from quake live because the gameplay is much, much better!! In the mean time though, the game is in great condition and perfectly playable for people who know how to play a game like this (including custom configs etc.).Here are some things I've picked up on so far that I REALLY like:- The rocket launcher is finally what it should be (not the nerfed POS it is in QL, but more like it was in QW). The projectile is faster, the splash damage is better (this is the biggest thing) and the firing rate is fast.- The LG style weapon isn't nerfed like it is in QL- INSTANT weapon switches (no massive delay on rail style weapon)- NZ and Aussie servers!- Doesn't feel laggy like QL does with 40 ping!Things I've noticed that can be improved:- Trick jumps aren't working like they should off stairs- Player jump height doesn't seem high enough- Gaining momentum with alternating strafing (bunny hopping) isn't high enough- Would be good to have a plasma style weapon (good damage in tight spaces and plasma climbs)It's still early days though, so who knows what's next. In the mean time, GET IN so that we can have more players!!"
,Recommended,328070,14936069,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Ruff Wizard,needs more players
,Recommended,328070,15824771,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,tzz,Play morePromodeReflex.
,Recommended,328070,12822242,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Frampis,"This game is really fun. It is already a competent deathmatch game and it's only getting better from here. If you like Quake it's a must buy. The real-time editor is awesome. Multiple people can edit the map at the same time and making maps is so much faster and easier than in, say, Hammer."
,Recommended,328070,23473003,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,diomed,Challenge ProMode with Steam integration.
76561198051268675,Recommended,328070,20836681,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Kopy-iwnl-,"Im not experienced enough among the quake and other fast past shooters to know all the mechanics but, this game is a long path and at the end is a one way ticket to destroying everyone in every other FPS game. I would only recommend this game to others that dont mind getting their♥♥♥♥♥handed to them on a daily basis. I personally dont mind people being better than me as this allows me to learn more things and widen my game and map knowledge. Everyone in this community are helpful and are always making content for new players. 10/10"
76561198202056691,Recommended,328070,26202226,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,qophyn,"Costs the same as Quake Live(curse id for making it cost money), way better graphics, in game level editor and workshop.Even though the game is dead, the matchmaking system does a really good job of getting you into games."
,Recommended,328070,24436478,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,kapho?!,literally cocaine. holy♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,328070,29103076,Posted: 7 January,all,KNlGHT,"Good Mechanics, very responsive."
,Recommended,328070,26396498,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Prollgurke,"I never actively played an arena shooter but this game is a lot of fun.Pro:- Great and distinct game mechanics- Good performance- All of the classic weapons are in there and fun to play with- Very clear graphics style which prevents too much noise on your screen- No queue system, you join server with a default server list- Steam Workshop for maps (classic maps got rebuild and are played a lot)- Steam Workshop for HUD add-ons (if you can code in lua, you can create your own)- Race mode- Mutators make some really fun matches- Lots of ways to customize the game in the options (also your player model)- Friendly and helpful communityNeutral:- It takes a bit to get used to the movement if you aren't a quake pro. Once you got it, it's a lot more fun. (You might need to watch a tutorial video like I did, check this out:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLxP7tvMqaXzBGG8VV4LqaUddV1WrErMXS)- Pretty hard in the beginning if you're new since there are many good players. When you get better the matches will get more balanced.The game can be a bit frustrating in the beginning because of these two things. It won't be like this for a long time though.Cons:- Only few players. But there are always enough to play with.- No (hidden) skill-ratings so far- When you enter a server it'll download the map directly through steam. So when the download is finished and you have another download queued it'll start downloading that stuff. So you have to enter Steam and stop the download everytime. I hope there will be fix soon.Conclusion:This isn't a game where you can kill ten people out of a chopper, burn someone with a big cone of fire or slow people until they're frozen. It's a classic arena shooter where you need aiming and movement skills. And if you're good at those you'll get rewarded for it."
,Recommended,328070,21228095,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,smackup4u,"This is one of those games! Barebone, but just perfect at it's core! If you wan't the old school Quake Arena MP feeling, look no further. It doesn't get better than this."
76561198158396003,Recommended,328070,29239482,Posted: 13 January,all,Postal Dude,Great Quake like game
,Recommended,328070,22871540,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,dll3z,"""your friends should buy Reflex"""
,Recommended,328070,12872783,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,imWUMPUS,"Amazing video game.Very high skill ceiling.The game is fun, but really opens up as one continues to play it.It's as much about learning as it is playing."
,Recommended,328070,30109033,Posted: 22 February,all,LDP,I personally enjoy the game and so I will be recommending it but if there is one thing I want a potential buyer to know it's this:If you think you will be decent at this game just beacause you played a lot of Counter-Strike or Team Fortress 2 (like I had thought)You Are Dead Wrong.
,Recommended,328070,30399204,Posted: 8 March,all,Type1Ninja,"This is the best ""pure"" Arena Shooter in existence. It takes the best parts of the old arena shooter games, then makes sure it works smoothly in a modern setting. It recognizes the things that are antiquated about old arena shooters and removes them. It's only ten dollars. Do yourself a favor and pick up a copy for yourself and a friend, then enjoy getting better at something."
,Recommended,328070,12799585,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Vixterra,5/5 breddy gud.
,Recommended,328070,13047042,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,b1nZy,"If you've ever played a fast paced shooter, (Quake/Xonotic/Warsow/etc) you will love this game. No seriously buy it."
76561198049099910,Recommended,328070,18349508,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,rajas,"I have about 13 hours in this game as of writing this review, and I think this might be my favorite multiplayer game of all time.  The movement and weapon physics are very fast-paced and very intricate.  Even though I have a lot to learn, the process of learning itself is really fun and the community is insanely helpful (A drunk person offered to help me with circle jumping and some other new things for an hour or two, and I actually progressed significantly in that amount of time).  I already plan on putting hundreds, possibly thousands, of hours into this game.  Honestly, I can't recommend it enough if you want a challenging arena shooter, or even just a challenging fps."
,Recommended,328070,12819041,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,instag1b,ultrasmootheasy to configgonna be a beast of an arena-shooter.buy it support it make it huge!
,Recommended,328070,12970143,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,raw,I don't often buy Early Access Games...... but when I do it's competitive Arena FPS with smooth movement and fun weapons.
,Recommended,328070,23133044,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,)))))][(((((,"It's like Minecraft and Quake 3 had a hot daughter, and she's into the weird stuff."
,Recommended,328070,17705441,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,chringe,"The best arena fps I've ever played! ( and I was a hardcore Quake 3/Quake Live player )Graphics are amazing, game play is amazing, they custom built this engine so you can even map within the game...This one is going to be huge!10/10"
,Recommended,328070,15867618,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Ludo237👽🤖,This game is so addictive I can't stop playing.Remind me the old good time in Quake and UT. Please keep up with this game!!!
,Recommended,328070,12880669,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Mojoz,"If you are a fan of Quake, Unreal Tournament etc then you will like Reflex. This is the next step in arena FPS, it's very early right now but it is already looking very promising. Buy it now to support it and before the price goes up!"
,Recommended,328070,16275784,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Trysdyn,"Reflex is a love letter to the arena shooter of the 90s. It takes Quake 3 Arena and uses that as a blueprint to create a fast twitch-based shooter. Some may even accuse it of being a clone, but that's the point, and Reflex has plenty to offer on its own as well. If you've played Quake 3 or Quake Live, you'll feel right at home here.Reflex takes after a Quake 3 mod called CPMA, which took the original Quake 3 and rebalanced and accelerated the gameplay. The changes aren't huge and glaring to a casual Quake 3 player, but Reflex rebalances and accelerates the gameplay experience. What results is a vary fast, satisfying shooter in either large deathmatches or serious 1v1s.If you're looking at your options for a twitch based shooter in 2015, your options aren't great. Quake Live is old, stagnant, and has made some questionable choices recently. UT4 won't be out for some time and won't scratch that itch an old Quake vet may have for frantic action. Toxikk takes more after UT than Quake. Reflex is really the last, best hope for the Quake Arena experience.The caveats? It's still in early access stages for sure. The weapon models aren't even done and most of the maps are flat untextured grids. The gameplay mechanics themselves are very solid, however. Additionally the playerbase is small, but it seems there's always a populated server to jump into right now, so it's not dead and should only grow in the coming months."
,Recommended,328070,15341508,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,1334,"Great potential.Smooth, addicting gameplay.I've stoped playing Quake cause of it."
,Recommended,328070,22291388,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,TEFLON^,Polished CPMA with the best netcode i've seen in a FPS game. The person who is responsible for that part of Reflex is a ♥♥♥♥ing genius.
76561198020067123,Recommended,328070,12809480,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Zita,"An exellent game, for an alpha its quite stable, the map editing is out of this world and to be able to do it with clan mates is just the cherry on the top.As for running a local server for friends etc, even on my machince i5 220 hz 8gb ram 10mbit upload and <1 mbit donwload I could still have 6 people on the map.Buy this and help out the dev's this game should be on every ones top 10"
76561198109921459,Recommended,328070,13724176,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Brovahkiin_1410,"Game has great potential, and great retro feel, hopefully it will actually be completed (and soon for that matter)."
,Recommended,328070,14926856,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Brimstone,"A blast to play, even for completely new players like me."
,Recommended,328070,17591862,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,facerip,Fantastic game.Netcode is unreal.  You can play anywhere in the US against anyone.  If you live east coast you can play EUR too.  I play some people from AUS area and tthey get a pretty decent result.Worth more than the price listed!!
76561197980983600,Recommended,328070,12845496,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,LancerKagato,"still in pre-alpha but has incredible potential. difficult trick jumps, percision weapons(though i think there might be a hitbox issue with the RG? maybe im just bad) This is the new Quake, its very similar, BUT enough different to be new. the weapon damages dont react like Quake weapons do and it has an overall higher TTK. I am already loving the game, it should keep me interested til Toxikk"
76561198043952282,Recommended,328070,12910332,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Smilecythe,"If only we could wiggle and spin in air in real life like how we can in Reflex, I'm sure all of humanity would have significant improvement in their sex lives. Anyone into Quake series, competitive and challenging FPS shooters will definitely want to keep their eyes on this. Reflex is currently on pre-alpha preview with a handful of bugs and few obvious user friendly elements missing, but the core mechanics are there and it already feels better than most of the commercial games in today's stock. The game in alpha state is only 8 eur or 10 usd, purchase includes all future builds and releases as well. The goals and efforts the developers put into the making and planning of this makes that feel almost like stealing!You can run around alone in a map offline and easily get caught up with the smoothness and responsive input. The rewarding feel from learning new trickjumps and mechanics can't get any better than this. When a multiplayer game is fun to play just by yourself, then something is definitely done right. Netcode is still work in progress so don't except much from online games at this point, it's playable up to 50 ping though. Also, if you've ever wanted to make maps for Quake and never quite figured out those complicated editors back in the day, this is like minecraft in comparison. If I don't see this as next highlight in esports scenes or competitive gaming in general in the couple following years then there's something horribly wrong with the society.As a die hard Quake fan and a skeptic towards numerous of arena shooter revival attempts, this one is spot on real deal! I highly recommend it. If you don't have the money for it then hit me up and I'll buy it for everyone in your entire lineage."
76561198002539204,Recommended,328070,29193102,Posted: 11 January,all,QuietMan,"I'm not really great at these games, but I've played quite a bit of them.   This one is really fun.  Really fast pace and the movement has a lot of depth to it.  Lots of cool maps with unique characteristics.  Definitely worth the buy IMO."
,Recommended,328070,24926315,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,nil,most fun ive had in an online game in a long time
76561198018913670,Recommended,328070,30435004,Posted: 10 March,all,harryorlsen,Quake lovers check the workshop for Q3sounds ;DEdit:Two useful workshop items to learn the mechanics:- Reflextrain- ParkourStation_Alphahttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CuiYhteqfbk
,Recommended,328070,12848688,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,xeroslash,"This is from the perspective of someone that ISN'T a long-time arena shooter player.The game is still in early alpha. You see disclaimers plastered everywhere in the game. Many of the game's options aren't in the menu UI; you'll have to adjust these in a configuration file and in the console. The game is heavily GPU-bound and requires a beefy rig, since the game's custom engine hasn't been optimized yet.But the basics are definitely there, and the foundations are very solid. I'm an average to below-average player at best, but I'm having plenty of fun - feel free to check my YouTube videos, which are accessible in my Steam profile.At the moment, whenever you see people discuss Reflex, you would always see people discussing its mechanical achievements and how it's a competitive game. As someone that played a ton of shooters post-Counter-Strike, I'd also like to add that the game isfun, despite how much of a newbie I am.For those of you that either played arena shooters in their youth and feel that you no longer can keep up, or if you've never touched a proper arena shooter in your life,don't be intimidated. I know that there are plenty of professional Quake YouTube videos that seems humanly impossible. These are guys that have played them almost their whole lives for a living. In reality, it's really not that bad; if you're competent in any other shooter you play, chances are that you should be able to hold your own.If there's one thing I realized about Reflex, it's that it doesn't matter how new I am to the game - it's a fun game where I can move very fast, nobody camps a single spot for the whole match like in other shooters, and that hitting enemies with projectile weapons feels really good. It's hectic and in your face; it didn't matter that I haven't fully mastered my movement yet, because the experience is already fun to begin with. It's something that you'll never experience with Counter-Strike, Call of Duty or Battlefield.Thanks again for the game, Turbo Pixel. Even in pre-alpha, I'm enjoying the game and uploading YouTube videos of my newbie exploits. Well done!"
76561197970627053,Recommended,328070,26363315,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Schlürfiii,The game plays awesome. Worthy successor of CPM!
,Recommended,328070,23943312,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,cyber athlete,"“Players will always take the path of least resistance. So the system where you click a single button and are thrust in a game with random people will get the most use. But this destroys the community aspect of online games. Back in the day we’d be regulars on player run servers. We’d join in after a long day of school or work or hard times with family or relationships and we’d all of a sudden be greeted by a group of people who all knew your name. A fake name, but they knew YOU. A place where you could goof around and play games with some friends and forget about all the crap you had do deal with for a few hours. In a small way our exploits with the function vehicle server helped to recapture some of this magic. Thanks to everybody who showed up, it was genuinely fun. I hope our little Youtube community and our little corner of the internet can be a great place to meet some like-minded players and go on some grand adventures together.”~Warren Fowl on CS 1.6Played Quake when you were younger? Want to recapture some of that magic and go on some grand adventures with like-minded players? You've found the right place."
76561198032894906,Recommended,328070,25240302,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Vasily,"Very promising AFPS game, CPMA movement + enhancements, runs very smooth.  Highly recommend especially for Quake fans."
,Recommended,328070,29096901,Posted: 7 January,all,Linkey,"So, I was bored and had a few extra bucks from christmas in steam cards, I expected this game to be a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥quake rip-off, but honestly it blew me away. The movement mechanics in the game phenomenal, it completely matches the quake movement, and in my opinion is better and more complex. The only bad part about this game, is that the player count is a bit low, but that shouldn’t be the reason that you do not purchase this game. I Highly recommend it, if I could I would give it to thumbs up, keep up the good work Dev’s :D, hope that the full release is amazing"
,Recommended,328070,30482861,Posted: 12 March,all,Waddup Hoe,Game is fast. Movements are amazing. Fun to play.
,Recommended,328070,29884218,Posted: 12 February,all,^3c^2abbag^3e,"I think it's safe to say that Arena FPS is dead.However, that doesn't mean it's forgotten.Reflex is a modern revamp of the Quake 3 Arena mod Challenge Promode Arena, or CPMA. This mod aimed to break the original game's limitations to create an even higher skill ceiling.Reflex itself has come a long way since it's release, with numerous major patches improving the game in every way. The communication between the devs and players is amazing as a result of the game's own forum board and discord server. The community of players is excellent as well, with almost all of them being veterans at the game, there is always something to be learned.However, there is a downside to all the experienced players. New players have an extremely tough time with this game, losing every duel they play and getting crushed in every server they enter. To put it frankly, this game isn't meant for everyone. As a result, the playerbase is small. This does make it tight-knit, and in some cases friendly, but it's generally a negative aspect for a game to have such a small playerbase.The one personal issue I had with the game was that it requires a lot of time to be put into practice to enjoy the game on your own. You could avoid that by getting your friends into the game, but you might have so difficulty with that because the game is so extreme and punishes casual players.If you're all about Arena FPS, this game is most def for you.If you're willing to put in 100 hours just to stand a chance against half the players, this game is for you.If not, don't bother buying."
76561198067471173,Recommended,328070,32150899,Posted: 3 June,all,DmC-sleVen,"The best arena shooter out there! so sad it doesnt have a healthy player base! Still, perfect arena action ;)"
,Recommended,328070,30473622,Posted: 12 March,all,Teddy の Trashboi,"The rush, the adrenaline, the speed. Arena FPS is back baby. And it's back better than real f*cking ever.Show some love for a forgotten genre that eventually give us Counter-Strike and Battlefield, among others. Get this game, promise you it'll worth the US$10."
76561197969789130,Recommended,328070,21069794,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Mohlokki,Best.Game.ever :ok_hand:'Nuff said.
,Recommended,328070,12926758,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,what is god person,"Amazing Grace, how sweet the sound,That saved a wretch like me.I once was lost but now am found,Was blind, but now I see.T'was Grace that taught my heart to fear.And Grace, my fears relieved.How precious did that Grace appearThe hour I first believed.Through many dangers, toils and snaresI have already come;'Tis Grace that brought me safe thus farand Grace will lead me home.The Lord has promised good to me.His word my hope secures.He will my shield and portion be,As long as life endures.Yea, when this flesh and heart shall fail,And mortal life shall cease,I shall possess within the veil,A life of joy and peace.Yes, when this flesh and heart shall fail,And mortal life shall cease;I shall profess, within the vail,A life of joy and peace."
,Recommended,328070,34762290,Posted: 5 September,all,SiNNER,"Everytime I log into this game I find people ready to play.Every hour, every minute there is always at least a handful of people.A handful of people that are here to stay and help the new comers!If you are searching for a competitive game with the best community you could ever imagine, you are at the right place!Buy it, give it a try! You will most likely end up spending many many many hours on it like most people did here.It most likely gonna be the best arena shooter you've ever played.Yep, better than Quake live, Quake Champions or even Unreal Tournament 4.The map editor is simple and very well made! If you like creating maps, this will be your new home!If you are looking for challenge, this is the game for you.If you are looking to improve in FPS, this is the game for you.There are plenty of tutorial and movement training maps that will help you understand everything you need to know!I have to give it a 10/10 and I will always be and stay positive about this game. It really is a gem.Have fun!"
76561198003420074,Recommended,328070,30400484,Posted: 8 March,all,nilzon,The perfect hardcore arena shooter. Includes speedracing. Extremely tweakable UI / cfg and super mod-friendly.
,Recommended,328070,12796083,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,CaRdBoArD01,This is an amazing game!
,Recommended,328070,14648231,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,frwny,playmorepromode
,Recommended,328070,12798765,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Lense,It feels so good.
,Not Recommended,328070,30462849,Posted: 11 March,all,ZTK,"Reflex used to be my favourite game. It was a promising title and the community had real hope.I conceived, administrated and broadcast the greatest competitive event for the game, theZTKFPS Reflex AU Duel Seasonover a period of a month and a half.I'm mentioning this to show my fresh perspective, outlook and passion came from a different place than Quake veterans.This review aims to look at the game in a variety of areas - as a player, as a spectator, and as a map maker being the core.Firstly, some history and praise. Reflex was advertised as the spiritual successor to CPMA, a mod for Quake 3 with air-control, rebalanced weapons, instant weapon switching and additional jumping techniques compared to the vanilla game.Reflex took these concepts and attempted to preserve them in a transition to an original engine, free of the limitations of an engine from 1999. Reflex is easy to install, has a modern visual style and possesses unique features in map editing and workshop integration. Examples of these features are:•	a modernized, functional and readable scoreboard•	dynamic colour overrides on map geometry (i.e. not only can you change CTF teams from Red/Blue, the geometry in flag base areas can also be that colour)•	various mouse input related improvements - sub frame input, integration of povohat's mouse accel driver•	netcode improvements (sort of - collision is a mess).I'm now going to attempt to distill individual elements of PLAYING the game, in order to construct a picture of Reflex today.A fair assumption with Reflex's weapon design was that you'd start with the base that CPMA had and make tweaks, sweeping changes or other design decisions from there, right? Kek.Paraphrasing one of the top in the scene - weapons feel worse than any equivalents in any other arena fps.The advantage of weapons in some scenarios and disadvantage in others are not very pronounced - grenades are usable for far more than area denial, plasma gun is substitutable for the lightning gun etc. etc.The typical counter to a lot of Reflex's strong movement should be the LG, and it lacks damage and knockback. Players can drop on items, come up jump pads nigh unpunished.They are not in an enjoyable or useful place.Fighting another player is not satisfying - the high ground acceleration contributes to a perpetual feeling of ice skating & many engagements feel like a gamble with the horrible player collision - fighting in close range is plain awful, and the rocket launcher is affected by this to a significant extent.Moving in Reflex is an ""alright"" experience - as above, the high ground accel is a key detractor to the game. Triple jumps are a new addition but are very gimmicky in how they have been implemented by mapmakers. Wall clipping has not been implemented in a sane way - what should make movement a lot more fluid has turned into a zany speed boost. Plasma jumping has been made much easier with the comparatively high knockback - it makes doing PJ's easier for bad players and allows for a greater exploitation from most skilled, again using the word gimmicky to describe the outcome.The community made original maps are visually cluttered - excess usage of bright colours and prefabs make for an environment where it is difficult to distinguish player models and have poor performance on some systems - even modern ones. I'd like to reference dp4's jungle art as being the absolute worst example of the 'difficult to distinguish' category, and maps like the dp4 art pass with many prefabs, as well as 421's prefab pass as the latter.Matchmaking has more issues with maps - If it looks pretty, it doesn't matter about gameplay, it can be in the pool. This was showed when Sanctum, by Promeus, was in the pool. While removed now, the addition of an Aerowalk that doesn't play as good as in Quake Live, CPMA, Quake World in any regard is hardly better. The weakness with a lot of these maps is that Reflex has fixed weapon respawn timers - an Aerowalk with 10s instead of 5 is a slow ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥isation of how Aerowalk should be - regardless if it has an art pass or not.Whether maps would play better with a good weapon system is debatable - the continual addition of Static Discharge with the joke mechanic of a forcefield is testament to this. Breaking the rules of map design CAN be done - but by and large exist for a reason. Static Discharge is not one of those that excel.Furthermore, while the core Reflex maps are at best ""passable"" and at worst ""abhorrent"", the community has already settled into trends with these and it has been very difficult to have a good playing map introduced or tested.TLDR of this entire segment - as a player, the game is justifiably directly inferior to a modification of a game that came out in 1999. There's a reason everyone in AUS is playing CPMA again, and it's because the GAMEPLAY is just poor. All the other externalities and niceties are a lower priority.As in the introduction, I ran the best tournament/competition Reflex will ever see. I've observed more games in an intense and consistent period than anybody in the game. Reflex has actually regressed on spectator features.Props need to be given to Lua wizard and community member QualX. He created a nameplates widget - allowing a name and stack to be displayed above players. The default spectator experience lacks both player stacks on one POV.Other than that, my broadcast came down to other hud elements, camera control, and visuals.I needed to utilise different hud widgets to convey over twitch's limited bandwidth stack in a clean and easy to view manner to illustrate near essential information.Camera control was easy for me broadcasting 1v1. In team modes, however, there is no follow pickup/follow killer designation like every game before it. Quad runs are cool and should be shown. Hectic swapping of POV to find it isn't cool. In the earliest KS trailers, multiview spectator was advertised and is a key CPMA feature that is totally absent. This is something I’d expect from a launched CPM successorAn update removed the functionality of forcing player colours in spectate. This is bad. This is really bad. You force spec colours to a harsh colour like bright green as it 1. matches the player’s setup, so a viewer is familiar & 2. shows decently through questionably decorated maps AND fights twitch's compression to provide something to focus on.In all honestly the worst part of running my cup was forcing every player to select bright green. Some would use the darkest of blue and it was a nightmare to view. This is a no brainer, has been brought up with the devs repeatedly and ignored.I'd like to highlight this issue in another scenario. Just yesterday, in the 2v2 cup, you had the broadcast POV force team colours to white and green. Silhouettes were enabled, so that you could see the green team's green highlight through walls. When they jump out into clear view, the player models are red and blue. It's an issue – Reflex is already a chaotic team experience, having confusion heightened is ridiculous.This extends into mapmaking as well. An easy to use in game editor is good for greyboxing, and not much more.A well-seasoned mapper considers Reflex devs to have sacrificed standards in order to force an in-game editor. No clipping tool, minimal entities and a lack of control with those entities makes editing a time consuming, minimally functional editor. There are few item pickups for CTF, the lack of access to entities means you can’t change weapon and armour respawn times (e.g. actually having a functioning Aerowalk or having a RA where it should be on q2wcp9).To completely sum up, Reflex is lacking in almost every aspect, with gimped or nonexistent features. Underneath the surface is a game unable to meet the aspirations or legacy of its predecessors.@ZTKFPS"
76561198027000950,Recommended,328070,17594205,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,tripats,Excellent game. So much fun already and it is getting even better with every update.
,Recommended,328070,30623852,Posted: 19 March,all,banbino,:DD
,Recommended,328070,20270403,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,nerflad,"1v1 in Reflex is the most fun I've ever had playing an FPS.  It's deep, challenging even if you win, and rewarding even if you lose (and you will lose)."
,Recommended,328070,12833410,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,=LG= Devil,"Reflex is shaping up to be what Quake 4 should have been.  So far so good.  Looking forward to CTF and better map editing controls.  It's all really basic right now the only thing missing is the ability to add custom textures which is why all maps look so generic.  I'm sure that will be added in the future along with a lot of other great features that most FPS gamers would expect.  It's super intensive on my GPU because the game is not optimized.  It's all still very early in development.  Looking great so far, excellent potential!"
76561198272742794,Recommended,328070,31595297,Posted: 6 May,all,J-rb.42,A game that really brings back those frantic If-I-don't-keep-moving-I'm-gonna-die feels that I love about older games.
,Recommended,328070,15857328,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,ThisIsThe PainKiller,very solid game. has potential to become the (even) better quake.visuals are good - especially the glowing and gore effects :P.as of now the game looks unfinished. the visuals have ALOT of placeholder graphics (maps/ weapons/ characters).but the gameplay feels already 6/5* perfect and already very polished.imagine this game finished - it will kick quake4's a*s with ease.highly recommendet!
76561197970327770,Recommended,328070,12848846,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,MFZ,top notch shooter for ppl who enjoy playing at hard difficulty.face the challenge.
,Recommended,328070,22842224,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Lord,"The ""next"" QW/CPMA is here and you should definitely buy it 8-]"
,Recommended,328070,24555276,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Your 45th President,"Snappy AF arena FPSExcited to see what direction this one goes.As it stands right now it has more polish and features than the UT pre-alpha, which I was playing a lot of before picking this up"
76561198044140048,Recommended,328070,24966000,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,=(e)= Spat856,Reflex is a Quake 3 spiritual successor but with the intent of balacing all of the weapons. In my opinion this game is currently the best arena shooter you can get right now!
,Recommended,328070,29510362,Posted: 26 January,all,On me quesj,"Read this guide if you want an honest opinion about the game and if you need help in making the descicion to buy or not to buy it.Although I haven't played this game much (not even 10 hours) I still wan't to give you my opinion for those who are still not sure if they want to buy this game.First of all, 'Is it a good game?' Yes, it is! It's extremely fun and it's really rewarding when you start to get the hang of it. To me this game felt a bit like dark souls once I started to play it. I was a big fan of bunny-hopping in counter-strike and wanted something new. This game combines movement with FPS skills so it was the perfect combination for me! But because of this, there is an extreme skill cap in this game and you really need to put a lot of effort in practising to really become good and get any feeling of succes; a bit like dark souls. Basically you're going to get wrecked by a way more experienced player on and on. But when you start to talk to them and ask for tips they'll always help you.Second: 'How's the community?'. The community is awesome. The playerbase isn't that big so the people you're going to meet online are the real veterans. But these veterans are always willing to help new players get into the game. They know it can be really hard a demotivating to get wrecked every time you play it but they will tell you the same thing as I am going to: Just keep playing. Perseverance is key! Keep on practicing and practing and you'll get rewarded. And honestly, this game can give you that satisfaction when you start to kill more and more people. It really does.'Does the game get boring?' Well, to me? No. The skillcap is so extremely high that you'll never stop learning and improving. The game is so dynamic I won't be able to cover everything but I am sure that you can shred 3k+ hours in this game.'But... yeah, I still don't know'. I know, I had this feeling too. This game is a game for real competitors, people who are looking for something they can really grow in. Really grind those hours no matter how much they lose and aventually get rewarded for their hard work. Demotivation and a lot of rage is also kinda part of it, but that's part of the spirit of a real competetor.'So should I buy it' That's really up to you, but if you're a bit like me and really want something challeging (really challeging) then this is the game for you. There are free 'look a like' versions of this game like UT and Quake (which this game is extremely inspired by) but this game combines the best of them all. It takes the dynamic gameplay, and challeging mechanics and gives it a nice modern, minimalistic look making it almost the perfect game.I hope I gave you a good perspective of a competetive gamer who is still trying to find his way in this game and I hope I helped you making the right descision to buy this game (it's too good to let pass by).Sincerly,Quesj"
,Recommended,328070,30569708,Posted: 17 March,all,Mooshkin,"Best Arena FPS so far. Very fast paced, enjoyable visuals, great netcode (at least i haven't experienced any lag or hitreg issues).Better than Quake. 10/10"
,Recommended,328070,26526098,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,mi name jeff,"If Quake Champions sucks, this might fill the void... lol :)"
,Recommended,328070,30563070,Posted: 16 March,all,KGeedorah,"The movement is ridiculously satisfying, and the game is chock-full of features. For $10 it's a steal."
,Recommended,328070,33392170,Posted: 8 July,all,NutTysteeL,This is more like Quake than Quake Champions.
,Recommended,328070,30592458,Posted: 18 March,all,Kar0t <3,"Fun game, great control and graphics.  Hard at first, but after a few game in the MM it is way better."
,Recommended,328070,31368266,Posted: 25 April,all,gerbii,"Excellent, 10/10. I wish more people played ctf, but it's still loads of fun."
,Recommended,328070,30824993,Posted: 29 March,all,mmetalfan,"The multiplayer of this game is a blast. Very fast paced twitch shooter where you can move at great speeds. The community is great, game runs great, and the devs are very passionate about the game. If you like the mp of quake 1, 3, and UT, then you will enjoy this game. Be sure to join the discord server to find more people who will be willing to join a game with you."
,Recommended,328070,31378216,Posted: 26 April,all,Orange Juice,"Not only does this game deserve a big thumbs up, but the devs as well for their commitment to this game through regular updates and making it as buttery smooth and crisp as possible. From cursor movement to hitreg, this game appears flawless when playing on a server with 80ms latency or less.The artstyle may not be everyone's cup of tea at first, but it will grow on you after a couple of days. You'll begin the appreciate the great visual clarity the artstyle provides even when you have every setting in the game maxed out. The lighting engine's lighting and the themed meshes provided by the devs are both very good. While the visual design of maps/levels is very different to other game's, I find the work mappers have been able to do with the tools to be absolutely stunning visually and fully able to convey their vibe properly.The point I want to make however, is that the game's real beauty comes out in it's gameplay which is both extremely fun and wildly addictive.I very much recommend this game.A Final Note:If you get this game make sure to add people, join some of the discords with players, and/or buy the game with a friend. The game's community is very active and growing, but it is also small at the moment."
,Recommended,328070,31287815,Posted: 21 April,all,Authority,The most underrated Arena Shooter. A complete package for cheap that its almost criminal the player base is small
,Recommended,328070,25240749,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Oak,"This is a great game for Quake fans and especially great if you want a better community than that of Quake Live.The devs are a little slow though, so don't expect too much updating."
,Recommended,328070,15912404,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Mesky,It's like Quake CPMA... Only better.
,Recommended,328070,22306016,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,DooMeR,Play morePromodeReflex!!!
,Recommended,328070,24576289,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,big ol doinks,High quality remake of the original Quake 3 CPMA. If you enjoyed quake 3 this is a must have.
,Recommended,328070,30411209,Posted: 9 March,all,High Voltage,CPMA - > 2017 = Reflex.Get it now.Play it now.Teach players how to strafe jump and we will have some games played.10/10
76561198014316197,Recommended,328070,30424938,Posted: 10 March,all,VauZwa,....a brilliant remake of the best shooter ever - Quake 3 Arena! .... i love it! (CPMA)
,Recommended,328070,33933005,Posted: 31 July,all,Hooten,"Reflex Arena is the ultimate arena quake-like experience. It's the cpma glory at its best, as we all know cmpa was quake 3 on steroids. It's the game that purists wanted all along but i have no idea where the hell are they. Also the small community that has remained is one of the best communities i ever experienced in a game. I hope someday Reflex gain more and more popularity."
,Recommended,328070,34265224,Posted: 15 August,all,buckshot,"I'm fan-boying for this game even if I suck. At least I'm barely decent with hitscan weapons.10/10 would armorlessly rush opponent again.(join the discord server if you want to 1v1 people, veterans are very kind and ready to help you improve)"
76561198008904517,Not Recommended,328070,30416422,Posted: 9 March,all,Eldrek,"Game is unfinished despite 'release', and obviously being abandoned. Every feature is literally broken in some way and only serves to fulfill a checklist. Devs are banning community members who are unsatisfied from community forums such as discord."
,Recommended,328070,24003166,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,ShadowYogger,"If you want a fast paced, skill based FPS game that harkens to the style of oldschool shooters like Quake 3 Arena or Quake Live but is on a brand new engine and feels awesome and new then Reflex is what you need. Hands down.The game is based off the CPMA mod for Quake 3 and features acceleration based movement with circle jumping, strafe jumping, rocket jumping, and more. The weapons are very similar to Quake weapons and the modes as well.I mostly play 1v1 and FFA modes which are a GREAT break from all of the team games like Overwatch that have become popular. Work on your own skills and if you do well you win, if you lose it was because you didn't do well enough, not because you had a bad team.Matchmaking has been added with launch and now there's also a good amount of cosmetics which you can get as drops too :)"
76561197999900034,Recommended,328070,12810545,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Radical3D,Finally a FPS game that isn't some watered down crap!I am going to buy multiple copies for friends/giveaways.
,Recommended,328070,23239718,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,clank,Literally the best arena FPS I ever played. :D :D
76561198267451963,Recommended,328070,34473580,Posted: 24 August,all,Movada,One of the best games in a long time
76561198196615702,Recommended,328070,23302005,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,goodbye earth,GO L AUNCH G OF AST DREAVE CAR PARKOUR BKACL FI P BAzooka lauNCH INSTA GIB FAS GO BHOP BUNN HOP FRAG MOVIE SOHOT PEWP EPWEW FUUUCK THIS GAME IS SO FASAAAASAST AIRSTRFAe bACK FLIP TIC TAC WALL JUMP PARKOUR MOSNTER LAUNCHER PEP WEPWEPWPEWPHOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME IS SO ♥♥♥♥ING FAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASTI HAVE NOT EVER PLAYED A GAM FASTER THAN THIIIIIIIIIIISGO ♥♥♥♥IGN FAST TWITCH SHOOT 180 SNIAP SHOT FLic KSHOt FRaGYOU GO LIKe 75MPh IN under 3 SECONSEVERY TIEM YO UARAISTRAFE YOU GAIN SPEED SO MUCH THAT IT WOULD BE LIKE 20GS oF FORCE EVERYTIME YOU TURNIM NOT SURE HOW BIG THE MAPS ARE OR HOW BIG THE PLAYERSBUT ASSUMINg thAT THEY ARE THE SIZE of A 6 foot PERSONTHEy TRAVEL AtLeast 14 body lengths a secondMeaning THey PROBABly GO FASTER than 75 MPHWHO THE ♥♥♥♥ knoWs ALL I KNOW IS sPEEEDGO ♥♥♥♥IG FASTRAI TL TWICH SHOT PIC UP ARMOR REAAAEEAeR ERREAaAAEAERR REAAEAR BRAP BRAP  BRAp OG FAST LAUNCH CAR WHEELIE SOHOT SNIPER FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCk I WIS HI AHAD A ♥♥♥♥ING crf450I WANT A ♥♥♥♥ING MOTARD SO ♥♥♥♥ING BADI DONT HAVE A ♥♥♥♥ING mk4 SUPRA SO I PLYAY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING AME INSTEAd
,Recommended,328070,15861491,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Roks,Supah coool
,Recommended,328070,15892169,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,zef,gud
76561197965699886,Recommended,328070,21786557,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,❤ch1LLmλ♡,"Buy this ♥♥♥♥, it's the next best thing after quake."
,Recommended,328070,25177328,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Dukino.shoutout to simpleflips,"out of all the arena shooters iv played this is easily one of the bestbut despite that it still suffers from 'arena shooter' syndrome which is a low player count which mostly contains highly skilled players making the game hard to enjoy if your new to arena shooters.if possible id recommend playing with friends who are around your skill level and learn the game together.the multiplayer map editor is fantastic and iv enjoyed making dumb maps with my friends to dm practice onin the end if your planning on playing alone and are not used to arena shooters this is a hard recommend, unless you would like getting your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you nearly every match you playotherwise this game with some friends to play while you both ride the learning curve is a great experience, plus mapping together can lead to some great momments on its own"
76561198104578765,Recommended,328070,16663670,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,"my name is something else now, b",Get into this. super fun and the movement feels great . You can already see the attention into details that the devs have put in.  Just needs more players ;_;
76561197982514494,Recommended,328070,32055901,Posted: 29 May,all,M.u.d.d.+,"Good game but there is almost no one playing, and when you do find a match, the players are experts at the game. There is a bot mode but the fun only last's for a few hours."
76561198006916778,Recommended,328070,12823838,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,tehace,"The pre-alpha build is solid. I had no problems playing after adjusting several console commands. Read the FAQ on the official forum if you're unsure of what your'e getting.The game is in playable state for sure, far from finished but if you have a friend you want to play with you would have some fun :) Servers seems to work and people already started making maps. I did enjoy my time spent with this game and Im sure I'll enjoy it for years to come."
,Recommended,328070,16000149,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,°treetoon,"Quake has never been done quite right, until now. This game has one of the highest skill ceilings, and is also a ""rework"" of the CPMA mod for Quake 3 by the same people."
,Recommended,328070,15943910,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,dapan,"Reflex is heading in the right direction in term of fast fps.A delicious mix between CPMA and modernity.If you liked CPMA, grab it, it is worth every penny !"
76561198150050992,Recommended,328070,19638516,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,ＢＥＧＯＮＥＴＨＯＴ,Very promising. It has a high skill ceiling which gives a game substance. I can't wait for the playerbase to get much larger.
,Recommended,328070,20587727,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Mx. P1nk,"This is a really fun game if you can figure it out and have patience for it. I'm not exactly an expert on Arena FPS's, the only experience i have with those is what i've played of Ratz Instagib, and this is completely different than that, it's more like Quake. Which was pretty much the intention. Anyways, the devs have clearly put a lot of work into this game, and there's a lot more they have to do, like adding a movement tutorial and matchmaking, among other things. Finding active servers is a bit of a pain, however, due to the sadly low player counts. Hopefully something can be done about this in the future, maybe some giveaways could be held, or something like that.But for an Early Access shooter, it's quite fun. It just takes getting used to, though. So if you're into this kind of game, it's definitely worth looking at."
,Recommended,328070,20536831,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,PunisheR2404,"This game is simple, minimalistic replayable fun. I keep going back to it for an odd game or 5 and I always enjoy when I do. I first started playing around the holidays and there was this great holiday christmas decoration textures that made it extra special. Get it if you like classic first person deathmatch multiplayer game!"
,Recommended,328070,31025839,Posted: 8 April,all,ʀothko,"Reflex is a well-done arena first-person shooter. To put it diplomatically, Reflex clearly borrows very heavily from Quake 3 (and the CPMA mod which I didn’t play, but see that one of the Reflex creators was involved in its development). So, putting aside the choice to lean and build on Quake 3, if you’ve played Quake, you can jump into Reflex and find a familiar game, with weapons that you know how to use and movement that you’ve probably wasted many hours mastering. That said, it’s also different. It’s like playing chess on a different planet with pieces that are customized on an elongated, crisp, colorful board. The movement has its difference from say standard Quake Live gameplay and provides for some interesting and fun elements to learn. Ditto, but less so for the weapons (they’re fairly similar to QL, with timing one’s shots seeming to be the new component).There are, however, several nice features in the game. You can create a party (like in Rocket League) to play with friends, the map making looks great, and the training map is useful for adapting to Reflex and improving one’s movement. The capture the flag is especially fun and think it has great potential in this game, given it is so fast-paced. Lastly, the graphics have a clean, minimalistic appeal with the components of the game (sounds, visuals, etc.) adding up to a unique, fresh gaming experience.Bottom line: The developers put together a well-crafted fps geared towards gamers who appreciate attention to detail and high (or non-existent?) skill ceilings. I hope it has a future."
,Recommended,328070,17272121,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Happy Blackman,Awesome fast pace fps game! Reminds me of when I used to play Quake and Unreal Tornament. The good old times!
,Recommended,328070,30562868,Posted: 16 March,all,shwisha,I'm so excited this out of beta! Most of these games never make it this far. I was in the CPMA scene during it's hay day (WANsanity). It's great to see not only did you build a great arena shooter but you modernized it. It's such a small detail but it's expected these days.I really hope the Reflex team can find ways to build relationships with tournament organizers. The way this game grows is through healthy competition.
,Recommended,328070,30583732,Posted: 17 March,all,2337,"REFLEX- SKILL CURVED+Movement / weapons / gameplay lifted from Quake III Promode+Flawless mouse input+Textureless artstyle is clean and flexible+Heavily moddable+Addition of modern competitive amenities like MMR to an arena FPS is wholeheartedly welcome-Weak sound effects and annoying announcer-Tutorial and general support for new players to climb the skill curve is practically nonexistent-""AAA artstyle"" and overall polish promised in original kickstarter completely and utterly absent0337"
,Recommended,328070,30424882,Posted: 10 March,all,nyoom,"It's fun so far, but it needs more players to even things out. You either get matched with someone who probably has never played an arena shooter in their life or people who have clearly been playing Quake 3 for the last 17 years. I was matched up against a guy with 310 hours in this game and I literally just bought it yesterday.Only real flaw in the gameplay I can find is the weapon swap speed is painfully slow. If you fired in the last 2 seconds you can't switch. That really doesn't feel like an arena shooter to me and it just seems unresponsive and weird in practice."
,Recommended,328070,28300374,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Grandfather:CaD,"Post modern quake 3 imitation.11/10Good people , great engine , amezing fun ."
,Recommended,328070,30127991,Posted: 23 February,all,SOV CIT,Great Quake Style Shooter. Prepare to have your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you tho
,Recommended,328070,17129508,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,jake,"no respawn times, annoying announcers or killstreaks, just fast fun murrrderrr with lots of maps and gunsit's basically just early access reskinned unreal tournament with new maps 12/10 totally worth twice what it costs"
76561198079730701,Recommended,328070,17119026,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,GalaxyZero,"This game, is it exactly what it sets out to be, an arena shooter in the vein of other previous classics such as Quake and Unreal Tournament, and it does a damn good job."
,Recommended,328070,17662428,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Bluezero2x,"This is one of the best shooters ive ever played. The mechanics are sharp, and weapons are well balanced. It runs like a dream, has a customizible hud, and an amazing map generator. The movement has a tight, almost visceral feel. I love this game, support these devs completely,  and i expect movement/skillbased shooters step back into the light!"
,Recommended,328070,31452904,Posted: 29 April,all,Squishpoke,It's Quake 3 with better graphics
,Recommended,328070,22472572,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,SalmonGod,First game I've ever played that feels like it might re-capture the freedom of movement and pacing of Quake 1.  The development has hit a point where the game feels great to play.  Now it just needs more players!
,Recommended,328070,24274323,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,maker,10/10
76561198041739873,Recommended,328070,24664146,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Riftan,"I See my self putting hours upon hours into this game, only problem I see is that more people haven't look at this game and picked it up."
,Recommended,328070,28302501,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,hyon,"Very fun game! A lot like quake from what I've seen, and the map editor is probably one of the best out there. There are plenty of different gamemodes, some might not be so fair (like ctf) but otherwise this game is extremely fast paced and I love it!Pros-Fast PacedVery High SkillceilingAmazing Map EditorPlenty of MapsHigh Movement SkillCons-Not Many People PlayVery Difficult to get IntoMost modes are 1v1Most Servers are Empty (fulles server I've seen is 9/16 people)You WILL get crushed when you first start. It doesn't matter what other fps games you've played unless it was quake/UT. I have 4000 hours of tf2 and at the time of writing this review (with 5 hours ingame) I get DESTROYED. TF2 might help with the laser beam or whatever, and the rocket launcher, but you still need a LOT of practice to get good.tl;drIf you're new you're gonna get pounded."
,Recommended,328070,30458948,Posted: 11 March,all,Pigle Rig :DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD,BEST Arena FPS out there right now. The look and feel of this game is amazing. It's quite polished for an indie game. And now that the game is out of early access there's more people playing it. Great!
76561198092547372,Recommended,328070,31027911,Posted: 8 April,all,MAX LIQUIDATOR,This is the game that really brought back the arena FPS gener. Its fast paced and incredibly satisfying. It has LAN capabilities so it would be the perfect game with a bunch of friends. I purchased this in ealry access becaues i liked what the devs were doing and wanted to show support and share information.
76561198071740565,Recommended,328070,30433447,Posted: 10 March,all,BAKKLO,"i just started playing this, but it seems pretty much like quake which i put huge amounts of time into so i got to give this a thumbs up"
,Recommended,328070,25153202,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Bitl,A glorious return to the classic Arena FPS where movement is key and hiding in cover will only get you killed.
76561197963768407,Recommended,328070,26458415,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Infected Caribou,"Super fun game, one of the best arena FPS ever. Better than Quake. Too bad there's so few players and servers because the community is generally pretty nice... when you can find a server to play on! When that happens, it's a lot of fun!"
,Recommended,328070,28212146,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Nez,"Most amazing quake-like I've played. Great community, excellent gameplay, solid mechanics and graphics.Definitely worth every penny."
,Recommended,328070,29577220,Posted: 29 January,all,x(,"This game embodies what a true arena shooter should be, and it's sad I don't have the time to play it often or get_good, because I totally would. This is a masterful combination of the mechanics of Q3A/QL and CPMA, and has the feel of a modernized classic quake shooter.The devs also actually care"
76561197960452964,Recommended,328070,30434479,Posted: 10 March,all,Killer Goblin,"Great old school fun!What more can I say? Loved playing quake 3? Loved UT? Well then, odds are this game will hit your brain pleasure receptors.The only down side is it does take a few minutes to find matches if you prefer quick play, but there is a server browser. I'd give it a 9/10. Good at full price, a steal at discount!"
,Recommended,328070,12813574,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,gzv,Spiritual sequel to Q3/CPMA with very enjoyable movement & weapons. The community is mostly focused on duels but occasionally you can find FFA or team games. New map themes are looking good (but sometimes a little cluttered) and updates have been continuing at a good pace. A must buy for any serious arena shooter fan.
,Recommended,328070,30469962,Posted: 12 March,all,Georgebaii,Positives:Decent Mechanics/WeaponsGood fun with FriendsExcellent Amount of in game settings/variation/customisationNegatives:Not many playersEven with volume to max and full attention very little feedback for taking damage and can get frustrating.Weapon sounds very discrete and difficult to make out.
,Recommended,328070,29386831,Posted: 20 January,all,radioaktiv,"brilliant movement, extremly high skill ceiling, beautiful graphics and good performance. I absolutely love this game and it is worth more than twice the price. constant development and very friendly community. buy it! you won't regret it"
,Recommended,328070,22033887,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Censacrof,"its like Quake 3 challenge pro mod, but with players"
,Recommended,328070,21096088,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,2E,very good q3 replacement
,Recommended,328070,26894904,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Patchy,"""your friends should buy reflex""yes, they should"
,Recommended,328070,14313341,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,TheArcaneMirror | Winter,"This is just my first impression, not an in-depth review.Initially, I didn't want to buy the game. The simplistic look of the very first early access builds didn't appeal to me.I am not a big fan of how movement-centric Quake was, and I wasn't a big fan of the fact, that Reflex also has a heavy emphasis on movement.But I love arena shooters, so I bought it anyway. And boy, was I wrong about the reasons above!The movement feels literally PERFECT. No joke, I have played shooters since I was a child and this game... the movement feels like an extension of my mind. The weapons feel perfect, too. I can't tell if the damage is balanced, but the feeling of shooting them, the sounds, the projectile speeds, the clean projectile visuals - it's a great sensation. The mouse input is flawlessly direct, it's a breath of fresh air compared to other shooters.The graphics are just placeholders yet, and even if they would never change - I'd play it. Because these placeholders are absolutely clean and suitable to enjoy the game. I think I'm a little bit in love. Didn't expect that from just looking at the videos and screenshots. Buy. Now."
,Recommended,328070,23176864,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,=Oak= Furydaking,BUY THIS GAME IF YOU LIKE 1 V 1'S
76561198135093487,Recommended,328070,20810956,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Awesreek,"OK so let me go on a little rant here before I start the review, and if the developers read this please read through said rant. I love the Afps genre so I'm happy to see it making such a huge comeback. But with that said, all of them from toxikk to alien arena, they are all just reskinned quake clones! Don't get me wrong I still love them but... in a genre this old we need innovation, we need something new of substance. I know these people don't want to create a crappy game full of unnecessary garbage that will ruin the experience, but if you don't take any risks and don't change an almost 20 year old formula, this genre is going to die out just like it did in the past. This genre needs to evolve, and I know a few hardcore players give Halo 5 a bad wrap, but at least it tried to take an old genre and make something new out of it. we can't have more quake clones! We need something new of substance to maintain this genre in the years to come. Now with that said let's get to the review.Review:This game is in essence a hard game to judge. What I mean by that is that though it's pro's far outweigh it's con, (and yes I did mean that to be singular) the problem this game has is so annoying, so aggravating because it's fallen prey to the same crap so many other's in this genre have. But with that said, never in all my life have I played an Afps (that stands for arena first person shooter by the way) that's given me this much joy. If I were to supply you a reason or multiple reasons to buy this game here's what they'd be, movement, art, and satisfaction factor, so let me go over each.Movement:One thing games are only recently starting to take advantage of is advanced movement options, things like parkour, double jumping, stuff like that. You can whine and complain that they're all just crappy Gimmicks, but regardless they add a greater skill curve, and make there own games a bit more enjoyable. Reflex however does something a bit different.In most games you feel like you have total control of your character, when press W on your keyboard you're character will move forward and when you stop pressing W you're character stops. In reflex however as you move you gain momentum and the greatest challenge of this game is to keep that momentum going in a smooth fashion. I can't tell you how many times I've run smack dab into a wall just because I was moving to fast to turn as sharp as I needed to. So one of the things you're going to have learn how to do in this game is overcome the initial learning curve of the movement system. It means the game is far more dependant upon skill than you're average shooter, as you'll have to have more than just a quick aim and trigger finger to survive in the ring, even more so than in Quake.The Art:When this game first launched it had a semi-realistic art style, but later the devs decided to make the games art shoot for a more low poly and simpler art style that would allow them to make assets more quickly, and in the process they improved the game immensely. So many games shoot for this bland unimaginative and color lacking photo-realistic style that's just so boring that you'd have to wonder if anyone in the modeling and texturing departments put any ounce of effort into bringing there game to life. Which is why it's so refreshing and nice to see a colorful and vibrant game that strives for a fun and simple atmosphere. The visuals breathe new life into this game and every map and weapon looks and feels awesome and unique.Satisfaction Factor:In games like call of duty getting a kill is something you do, in Reflex its something you have to earn. Every battle is more like an all out war as each player gives it there all to survive and come out victorious, the battle doesn't go to whomever shoots first, it goes to whoever is able to utilize the weapons and movement in ways that turn the battle in their favor.With that said, this game faces the same problem that I'd listed in my rant up above. Aside from the movement and the visual style, this sadly is a Quake clone. But with that said I believe it is an absolutely fantastic Quake clone, heck I believe it even surpasses Quake. But in all honesty I still don't think it's enough. Even if you have an Afps already I'd still urge you to get this game. But if the developers are reading this, you guys NEED to add something to make this game stand out more, to bring it out of the 90's and into the modern world. Not to say that the 90's were a bad era, just that the 90s style of shooters have refused to evolve as a genre, and with the base you have here I think you have a wonderful opportunity to do that.Seriously though, get this game!"
,Recommended,328070,35045901,Posted: 18 September,all,MeTT,"Great game, missing player thoArena shooter made fort players who misses quake 3 style gameplay, has nice graphic that doesn't hinder gameplay, is balanced and works well.Only need more players"
76561198043781978,Recommended,328070,30534673,Posted: 15 March,all,Ded Game,The movement in this game is much more fun than quake standard movement. It's worth the purchase.
,Recommended,328070,25679815,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Ho-Lee Fuck,"It is ana absolute blast to play, An extremely fast paced fps.With a friend, it becomes really caotic."
76561198148310354,Recommended,328070,24999640,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Woeste Wessel,Probably the best game I ever played and only costs 10 Euro.<3<3<3
,Recommended,328070,17971978,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Akselmo,"Better than Quakelive, but needs seriously more players."
,Recommended,328070,30275633,Posted: 2 March,all,Maxi,"Great game! So exited, what comes next! Lack of player but still fun. Im a beginner and yes, it is hard to get into Reflex but it is so fun to see your progress! You have to put a LOT of time into this amazing piece of software to have a little chance against maybe 10% of the players outthere. All of the better players are helpful! Great community, great game!"
,Recommended,328070,28592049,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Outcast™,"Fast paced, artistic, very customizable and addicting. This is certainly my favorite Arena Shooter on Steam, and for sure one of the best early access titles available.It's worth much more the current asking price, since the current alpha has many more features and visual overhauls than you can gather from the steam videos and screenshots, so I advise looking for more recent updates on the main sites(reflexfps.netand the official subreddit) or many gameplay updates on YouTube. However I can guarantee that you'll get addicted quickly if you love Arena FPS games."
,Recommended,328070,18650207,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,CrownDeaglE,Capture the flagCAPTURE THE FFFLLLLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGG
76561198037478484,Recommended,328070,12811153,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Tachi,"If you like Quake, you will like this game. It's like quake with modern graphics :)"
,Recommended,328070,22054612,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,BobchuuuN #だってばよ,"Why bother writing whole bunch of text when i can describe this game in one word...""Awesome"""
,Not Recommended,328070,33033970,Posted: 30 June,all,shrekmyasshole,too ♥♥♥♥ing dead dammiti really wanted to play :c
,Recommended,328070,32167723,Posted: 3 June,all,twitch.tv/percbwai,nut
,Recommended,328070,15877811,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Slothboy,"Its like a fast paced,twitch-shooter, skill based movement game."
,Recommended,328070,15896905,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,BigoaBrown,If god made a game this would be it
,Recommended,328070,15284201,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,takeoff,"Very neat game. Altough Im getting blasted a lot.Adrenaline, sick gameplays, fun maps AND friendly community! Yeap!"
76561198010265819,Recommended,328070,15865830,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,blub,"This game is barely getting started and it's already my favorite. Mechanics work consistently and feel good. Configuration is simple with lots of useful options plainly visible in the menu. Lots of features planned that CPMA lacked.But, above all else, THIS IS A GOOD QUAKE GAME THAT HAS PLAYERS. IN 2015. HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,328070,19968750,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,small d,"As someone that never played much quake, the game is really interesting and the mechanics are amazing, that being said, i get dumpstered by vets non-stop, but i still recommend the game."
,Recommended,328070,17608647,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,version,"Have been a keen Quake 3 - Quakelive player for some time and jumped at the chance at a game based off this game engine. Q3 and QL always felt very smooth, fast and fun so had high hopes this would continue that tradition.The early Alpha's were a bit sluggish but after trying the new updates (18/08/15) i was extremly impressed. The maps are well made, the graphics look polished as hell and the movement is super fast which is missed in a lot of the new FPS games coming out now days. I highly recommend you pick this up for $10 and give it a shot. As others have said the community is very friendly but just needs to grow to fill the servers up.If you like quick movement and precision aim get this game!"
,Recommended,328070,19978799,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,carldj90,I get 400 FPS @ 1920x1080 144hz by setting everything to low in the graphics options. I did nothing else.____________________________In csgo I get 80-200 FPS on low settings after editing the config files and running radeon pro in the background.____________________________Reflex features an insanly detailed mouse settings menu and a million other customization options. Any competitive high skill game should include all these options off the bat.Really proud of how well this game is made.
,Recommended,328070,20434158,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,SnowballSkum,"If you liked quake, definitely check out this game. Even though it's in early alpha, it's already really polished and works amazingly. Every update has been amazing so far, and I'm expecting this trend to continue."
,Recommended,328070,21579489,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,hellakink,Seriously amazingly developed game. I hope this blows up.
,Recommended,328070,15851054,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Joniak,"This game could end up getting really far and becoming competitive, or not get the attention it deserves due to it's skill floor and ceiling. As people have said this is the next quake, and we know how far quake got. The problem is that gaming has changed a good bit since then, and now, majority of players want a good graphic, brainless shooter instead of a game which requires a decent amount of skill to play and a lot of dedication to master.I really hope that Turbo Pixel add an in-depth movement tutorial explaining exactly how most of the mechanics work so that people don't abandon the game due to the difficulty of even getting started. It is an amazing game, and it can become a really large game with countless modes thanks to all the movement mechanics.2/10, GOTY 2015- IGN"
,Recommended,328070,30626260,Posted: 19 March,all,Drummer,"Fun, intense, skilled, immersive. What else is there to ask?"
76561197961758969,Recommended,328070,12809090,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Qvist,"This game is in pre-alpha so it's not polished or user friendly yet. The gameplay is fast paced arena style, like in the good old Quake or Unreal Tournament games. Reflex has complex movement which takes some effort to learn but is very fun once you learn the basics.A great feature of the game is being able to build or edit maps together with your friends on a server. Building maps in this game can be a great social experience and it's easy to do. Just launch a server, build a map together with some friends and then give the map a try without ever having to disconnect from your server.If you feel like trying the game then be aware that they are serious when they say this game is in pre-alpha, crashes may happen so if you build your own maps remember to save regularly! :]"
,Recommended,328070,17113653,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,DR.TITTIES,Its kind of like a next gen quake but with its own fun twists.
,Recommended,328070,17225985,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,alpaccaa,worth. fun. awesome for new players of the genre too.
76561197967391232,Recommended,328070,17123184,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Scapegoat,"Remind me of the old day's :) (unreal,half life, quake)fun game to play with friends"
,Recommended,328070,19861884,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Lasker,"I'm a fan of it, it's pretty much a better version of CPM except with a few gameplay problems but obviously they'll be sorted out over time.It's a pretty good game, get it, give it to your friends and even your enemies.Why enemies? Beating them in duel will be the most gratifying experience ever :D"
,Recommended,328070,12803814,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,dtg,"This is a fun game so far, but it's definitely extremely alpha. If you're looking for something that has most of the features implemented you'll be disappointed. If you aren't comfortable configuring your settings in a text file, you might want to hold off for awhile. Just a word of warning. The gameplay is extremely tight and the engine is good. If you're a fan of arena shooters you'll probably enjoy the gameplay. But, the game is extremely bare bones."
76561198119529509,Recommended,328070,20664847,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Fab1o,"sick♥♥♥♥♥game, hopefully soon the full version to play =)"
,Recommended,328070,20742279,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Endu,preti gud
76561198029820866,Recommended,328070,23559230,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Basho,The game is perfect .. the only problem is not enough players .. it's hard to find a server with enough people to play .. either there's no one or it's full .. :/Just buy it and come play :)
,Recommended,328070,30453010,Posted: 11 March,all,Platypus csgotower.com,Flat out fun!
76561198057596884,Recommended,328070,15918779,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Frostnuggets,"This game is freaking awesome. Period. This is the game I, and probably the majority of quake 3 - specially CPMA ones - players, was waiting for. Since Q3 lost its popularity (AKA decreasing playerbase) due to its aging (though it is still awesome), no other game was able to recreate the feeling of playing it. All that fast-paced combat, intense movement skills, map controll, etc. Quake live didn't help, either. But then, suddenly, Reflex is born. God, it is like a Q3 with CPMA, better graphics, new looks and - hopefully, in the near future - more players. And it comes with innovations: included map creating tool, which can be used in multiplayer!!! I mean, c'mon, mapers will be able to build stuff with friends in real time. And more: there is the new stake weapon, which adds a huge new layer of possibilities and another skill to be mastered. Btw, you can create/join servers as you will, which is great, considering today's games tend to limit this kind of freedom. Great job, developers. And thank you for creating this piece of heavenly gamitty gaming game. Keep up the good work!!"
76561198112454867,Recommended,328070,26902479,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Piep,Your Dead Ancestors Should Buy Reflex.
,Recommended,328070,26933772,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gopnik,"The game is already very good, it brings memories of all those CPMA matches i played. The only thing bothering me is that its not popular and the servers are empty most of the time. Of course its still alpha and i believe that with a little bit of work and good marketing devs will get a big influx of new players soon.Its great. Buy it, let's fill up those servers."
,Recommended,328070,26939511,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,lifelessformsthatusedtobemymind,Definitively more people should play this game
,Recommended,328070,18322237,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Rithm,"Feels good, sounds crisp, looks amazing. Can't wait for full release."
,Recommended,328070,12928332,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Wise^v^Guy,"Currently the best Arena FPS. Its in it's pre-alpha stage and it already doesn't get much better than this. Awesome game, and for 10$? Thats a deal and a half! If you haven't picked up this game yet and you like fast paced fps games, you're DEFINITELY missing out!"
,Recommended,328070,17117299,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,blank,"No regrets on this purchase. Especially when on sale. There is map editing and very nice video settings, especially for being in alpha stage. Just needs a larger player base. At times there are barely any servers with alright ping and have people playing. Join People! Fast paced fragging has always taken me in."
76561197993893791,Recommended,328070,18497806,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,you suck.,"Anyone whos played an arena shooter before will enjoy this game, as will beginners as long as theyre given a basic overview of the game mechanics. The skill gap is typical of an early access game, it will go away once more players join."
,Recommended,328070,18623998,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,JoJoH,"Great movement, great shooting. Feels like a modernized q3."
,Recommended,328070,26922523,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,md,"- hardly anyone playing, but still pretty easy to find a game- I won't comment on technical movement mechanics since I don't know my quake 3 jumps from my quake 2 circlestrafes if you know what I'm saying haha!- would be better f I had the patience to get good at afps but I don't think they can patch that in- Even though I was bad, the game was fun so if you want to try an afps, try this one"
,Recommended,328070,33011225,Posted: 29 June,all,MySeLf,If you like Quake games BUY THIS! Really nice execution.
,Recommended,328070,28027253,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,B-Point,"If you liked Quake, this is your game!"
76561198003036925,Recommended,328070,31135650,Posted: 14 April,all,fourier,"Awesome game, uplifted Quake3/cpma. Very clean and crisp graphics, decent audio. For everyone who are competitive person and ready for tough 1v1 games and prepared for hard work on getting better."
,Recommended,328070,24382161,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,GaryQuazar,I am many to enjoy of this the game
76561197999444586,Recommended,328070,25356523,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,It's high noot,"If you live in europe, this game is well worth your money!While the playerbase is not that big, you wil always be able to find a couple servers with players as long as it past work and school time :)CPMA movement can't be beaten when it comes to satisfaction, LUA scripting for huge customization and much more.For 10€, it's well worth your money."
,Recommended,328070,27889542,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Goa,"Best of oldschool Arena FPS one can get into these days. Plays very similarly to Quake 3 CPMA/Promode with some minor changes here and there.The game itself is definitely not dead, you can always find someone to duel against if you pick an empty server and wait for a while. It's recommended for new players to feel the game out in FFA/TDM server before getting into duels.Not a game for casual FPS fans, but if you like very fast-paced games and have the patience to learn all the mechanics (mostly the complex movement system) and timing of the items, then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,328070,30808269,Posted: 28 March,all,nAnXiety,"This game is awesome and it keeps getting better. The mechanics are like Quake 3 arena but with a few cool twists. The graphics are crisp but minimal. Loads of fun and my recent got for arena fps. I have spent countless hours on quake, UT, Xonotic, and all the clones and it right on par with the best.Only place I see room for improvement is a zoom option and better sound options. Music would be nice too."
76561198380929763,Recommended,328070,31158943,Posted: 15 April,all,theyab.alfalasi,"if ur new and keep bumping walls and think why the hell does the other guy moving so fast and slick...similar in quake and all ArenaFPS games , when u put ur mind to learning , just ask to understand what ur doing wrong and its all about positioning , however you choose ur pattern but as for positioning is depending on ur formula used , bad positioning require a faster CircleJump and good positioning will take u to a breeze while moving with momentum u can take ur time as long as u position urself right before any obstacles around the map. fun starts as movement gets familier , if ur good at quake movement just add another jump to ur usual when ur at obstacle points, then u will get a momentum flow of impact that will get u to places faster , and to chain ur flow , u can use the sidekeys at curves or to keep holding fwd while releasing ur sidekeys and move the mouse to curve , the side keys will work the same however a sharper curve , but in the end u can continue ur flow of strafe. the chain is not rocket science , its like asking a quaker to defrag in opc1 and when the pads alter direction to the right instead of going WD jump WD jump WD jump u release the D  > move mouse right then press back ur D and continue ur WD jump WD jump , thats chaining strafe jumps , and as for Sidekeys flow , u can stop using strafe on momentum and just go with A or D & jump all through out any FFA / Duel maps with simple terms of abiding ur double jumps at point of impact where its required for the flow."
,Recommended,328070,27051549,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vand,"Pretty awesome Arena FPS action with some nifty ""new"" features like the map editor."
,Recommended,328070,30419022,Posted: 9 March,all,Bevdog,"Haven't had this much fun since Quake 3. Definitely recommend, the netcode and performance are second-to-none, the gameplay is smooth and solid, and while there's little change to the Quake 3 weapon set, Reflex has a unique art style that sets it apart from it's spiritual predecessor - even if it still includes many of the same maps as Quake 3.Reflex is also an australian-made game, made by some guys I used to play Quake with back in the day. It's a player-made, player-focused game and I hope it has a bright future. For $10, can't go wrong."
,Recommended,328070,30533896,Posted: 15 March,all,Hellion,"Great game! Easy to play, hard to master"
,Recommended,328070,32735932,Posted: 24 June,all,DarkCheese,At last a good old arena shooter !
,Recommended,328070,31154123,Posted: 15 April,all,drazel.IsWhatIAm,"This is a true and pure, fast-paced Arena shooter. From a Quake and CPMA perspective i certainly recommend this game for any player who likes this type of game."
,Recommended,328070,27749065,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,RRed626,Reflex is a great game with a small community. If you can look past not always being able to find a game instantly in the gamemodes you desire then theres a lot of fun to be had in this game.The game is frequently updated with new changes and keeps improving.Reflex overall has been a really fun experience for me as this was my first quake style game.
,Recommended,328070,27577817,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,sheffi,Game takes awhile to understand when to use which gun. Very fun
76561198027980372,Recommended,328070,14163453,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Frosty,"quake 3 cpma with a fresh coat of paint and much morethis is the first game i've decided to get in early alpha, mainly because i want to see arena shooters revived and the map editor. And because i want to learn the crazy movement."
76561198037487640,Recommended,328070,14414687,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Cabs,"Smooth as silk and fast, man is it fast. Been playing a lot with a friend 1v1 on various maps and coming from a Quake2/Q3A/Quakelive background this game is fantastic. We were always a fan of CPMA and Clan Arena modes and this game does it in spades. Needs a bit of polish on menus, models and such but the guts are there and what is there is amazingly well put together.Am looking forward to what else they can add, but mainly it just needs people!"
,Recommended,328070,15836791,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,HughyBear,Me and a friend bought it on a whim and ended up playing it flat out all night. Definitely recommend this one!
,Recommended,328070,19539154,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,¿,"Amazing, simply amazing."
,Recommended,328070,15900137,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,tuutti,Best game EU.Takes some time to learn tho :p
,Recommended,328070,22158168,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,vctr,drove one of my friends in absolute tryhard frenzy to beat my legit rocket sk11lsz from TF2worth the 5 bucks.
,Recommended,328070,12808245,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,iridescentFUZZ-asiafortress.com,Buy this game. Just buy it. Buy it multiple times if you must.
,Recommended,328070,30452256,Posted: 11 March,all,Murderlol,"A great successor to Quake 3's legacy. For those not in the know, this is a pure arena shooter with a 100% emphasis on skill in everything you do. Map knowledge and twitch reflexes are the most important thing here. Unfortunately there's not a lot of people playing this (like most modern arena shooters) so it's probably not worth the money...I'd play Quake Champions instead simply for the size of the playerbase. If you are interested though, Reflex Arena is a great game. I should also mention that it does have bots."
,Recommended,328070,30764993,Posted: 26 March,all,Legacy,"Take Quake, optimize it for modern computers, update it with amazing visuals, and add a fantastic training mode and amazing competitive support. That's what this game is and it's absolutely amazing."
,Recommended,328070,22182765,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,drk,♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,328070,22580036,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,cshnbrn,"The arena shooter you should be playing RIGHT NOW. If you miss playing the original Doom or Quake games (I & III), then this game is for you! Active community and an ""official""(?) discord server as well, for arranging pickup groups with voice chat. Plenty of good stock maps *and* community maps, too.An updated, modern take on a classic genre that doesn't compromise."
76561197995454829,Recommended,328070,22800978,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,「*+Out|aw+*🐙」,Reflex made me enjoy FPS games again. It also taught me that I suck at video games. Highly recommended. Will gladly blow myself up again.
,Recommended,328070,12811273,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,barfbot,"Even in early access very very solid playing so far, anyone who enjoyed CPMA or quake or anything remotely similar should check this out"
,Recommended,328070,12812561,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,లSaHeMeRa,"This game is really really great. At the moment its very very unoptimized and unfinished, but even despite that, it's already a lot of fun. Reminiscent to Quake III Area."
,Recommended,328070,18003886,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Connor Murphyyyy,shame its not for mac! :(
,Recommended,328070,18174787,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,jes7ar,"one of the best games ive ever played, pure skill."
,Recommended,328070,21242516,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,lowfye,I think I caught a glimpse of the skill ceiling somewhere on Mars.
,Recommended,328070,17978420,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Bone R. Mobile,It has FOV sliders and has those nice quake/unreal feelsThe only downside it has right now is that the community needs to get biger.
,Recommended,328070,12883439,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Punymeyer,"edit: This review is very out-dated.  Since I wrote it, the devs have added a lot of stuff to the game.Very promising game.  It seems like the devs put a lot of time and thought into making a solid foundation to build upon, and that is how it should be.  This could end up being a very polished competitive shooter years down the road.Everything is bare-bones at the moment, so only buy it if you want to support the devs, or be a tester."
,Recommended,328070,35278436,Posted: 28 September,all,Moist Cake,"A fantastic Quake-esque arena-FPS. The gameplay is fast paced, vibrant, and explosive. Each weapon feels unique, and no map plays the same way.The only problem I have is that the servers are usually pretty empty. You're lucky to find more than 30 people playing on a good day. If half the people who gave this game a positive review were actually playing this game it wouldn't even be a problem!"
,Recommended,328070,24097815,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Muzzles56,"I come back to this every so often and every time I do there have been vast improvements, it's astounding.I never played arena FPS games back then (Stuff like Quake), so I can't really comment on how well the mechanics work for an arena shooter, but I find the controls very well made (Albeit different from what I'm used to) and all the weapons are viable.The art style is something i absolutely adore. I'm so glad to see theyve developed with a low-poly style and not ""regular graphics"", for lack of a better term.From someone who hasn't played something like this before, I'm having a lot of fun with it, and highly recommend it to those interested in this sort of game. I'm not getting thrashed too hard by lifelong quake fans, so newbies should fit in no problem."
,Recommended,328070,30937863,Posted: 4 April,all,iCantEvenButtons,"This is the next generation of Quake and Unreal. This is THE next Arena FPS. Do not be fooled by player count, graphics, color pallet, or UI. The player count is more than enough for the way this game SHOULD be played and I highly recommend sticking to: 1v1s. The graphics and color pallet are simplistic and bright to keep concentration on the match at hand. It keeps target acquisition to a fine point, no losing your target in all the pretty graphics. And the UI is almost entirely customizable. Fully customizable keybinds as a good PC game should have, completely tweakable HUD that lets you remove any fluff you don't like, move and resize, and even snag some mods on the market that add brand new HUD elements such as the enemy player's current health weapon and ammo during 1v1s, or an animated speedometer bar.This game is everything you will ever want in an Arena FPS. Pick this up, and you will only be dissapointed that more people didn't pick this up sooner. Get on the trend so this baby can get mainstream!"
,Recommended,328070,22541745,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,CoryInTheHouse,"Its a really good game, with great old school butter smooth gameplay. Though, I feel this game has the foundation of the old school shooters, with improvements built on top. Only problem is there is not a lot of people playing it, which makes no sense. Guess everyone wants an easy COD style shooter? idk. Kids these days -_-. We need more Americans/Canadians playing this game so I dont have to go play in a EU server with bad ping lol."
,Recommended,328070,28332736,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,ninjai,Buy this game. Support this game. Get your frag on. Win Win Win.
,Recommended,328070,17923230,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Pete,"If the arena scene were to make a comeback, it would be on this game. But one can only hope."
,Recommended,328070,12873400,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Usurper,"So far this game show's a lot of promise. Even if it's very influenced by Quake (I was more a UT guy) It looks good visually however it hasn't got all the weapon skins and there is only one map (It's a good map however) and there's no options (It's all done through CFG's) but it is very early in development, plus in the UK it's less than £10, so if you liked the trailer. It'd go for it. If you like arena shooters you're bound to like this one, however could I recommend it now? If you want to support an active game and a very active development team, go for it. If you don't want to do that because it's too early in development, it's all good.*Edited for correction* You can download more maps on the offical forums and you can play other users maps without them providing there is a server up.But myself? Recommended."
76561197966074670,Recommended,328070,12813900,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,se*on,I haven't played much of Quake Live (or any of it at all) but I kept up with the tournaments for the most part and given this day and age of just pay-to-win shooters or Call of Duty/Battlefield this game is refreshing to see. I am excited to see where this game is going hopefully more tournaments and leagues will follow. Excited to see it with improved visuals and what not. Gameplay wise since I'm not use to Quake Live this game is fun and easy to pick up but prepare to get dominated by veterans.
,Recommended,328070,12815474,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,×marc,"so much fun, so much potential, so much win! Arena FPS in the style of Quake in its early (access) stages, but with a bright outlook. If you are into the arena fps genre give it a try with the early access thingy in mind! Recommended non the less."
76561197985556559,Recommended,328070,12817320,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,FunKi,5/5
,Recommended,328070,15841865,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,John Gamer,Its Quake except better.
,Recommended,328070,12817083,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Nasty Jazz,"Yes! I already love it. Really makes you realize how damn slow every other FPS game is.There is SO much left to do, but I dont see that as a negitive. If you buy this, you will grow into the game as it grows too. I'm in for the long haul, and it's already at a point where you can hop in and play against people!For everyone out there...Hit ~ (tilde) and type 'r_resoultion 1920 1080 144' (Thats your resolution followed by your frame rate.)"
,Recommended,328070,28274956,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Zyklon B,I quit csgo for this
,Recommended,328070,31893079,Posted: 21 May,all,TheSilentKillerx,This game is essentially a remastered Quake.
76561197985107270,Recommended,328070,14657529,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,nean,Time(r)less fun.
,Recommended,328070,15271445,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Soulmarine,"Like Skyrim, but with Rocket jumps 10/10"
,Recommended,328070,12834476,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Inane,R E F L E XEFLEX
76561198148568466,Recommended,328070,30454750,Posted: 11 March,all,-DI- Sexy Snowman,some of the most fun ive had in an fps since halo 3it also has competive play if your into that stuff too witch is a plus.( sadly it will most likely die casue no one knows this game is out and worth it)
,Recommended,328070,26056917,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,rcie,cool
,Recommended,328070,34677297,Posted: 1 September,all,Alice,Quake 3 but better.
,Recommended,328070,16346685,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,driving my bike,Quality
,Not Recommended,328070,33436036,Posted: 10 July,all,Dirty Doge,"I don't recommend this game, not because it's bad, but because no one plays it. The only gamemodes you can play are obstacle course races set up on custom servers, which admittedly *can* be fun. You can't play this game in the way it's intended unless you have a bunch of friends with the game, too. If people would actually play quick play then I could definitely see it being a great game"
,Recommended,328070,19409982,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,suLac4ever,"This is the only real modern arena shooter you can get for money ... AWESOME!Keep going guys, you're doing great work.... maybe you could add some Bots, for training or for days, when the servers are nearly empty ;)"
76561198052652360,Recommended,328070,20006189,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,INTERNETHULK,+
,Recommended,328070,20059197,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,nate,Steep learning curve and high skill ceiling. Really fun when you get into
,Recommended,328070,19559031,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,gonnhead,fun
,Recommended,328070,20478328,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Tuturuu,"Good game, needs more players"
76561198149748032,Recommended,328070,14664698,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Pekkanaattori,Fun even though still in early stage of development. Its sometimes hard to find someone to play with thought
,Recommended,328070,30524355,Posted: 15 March,all,Wevie Stonder,Still reking noobs anny way 2017!!!
,Recommended,328070,16095846,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,broder .conny,go faster
,Recommended,328070,16548442,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Kyubix,This game is awesome !would buy it again 11/10 IGN
,Recommended,328070,12829318,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,cpma larsa,Best. Game. Ever. And. It's. Only. Early-Access.
,Recommended,328070,14273973,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Loaf,"Ive been following this game for a couple months prior to its steam releas, its alot like good old Quake CPMA with updated graphics and some new additions. Just wish that there were more people playing it :(."
,Recommended,328070,12823895,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,jd the protector,"Really fun and stable, especially for this stage of development. A lot of the art is placeholders, and it is missing some key features like bots and matchmaking, which I feel will make the game amazing, even more fun than it is in its current state. I am having fun, even this early and hope that a competitve scene takes off and flourishes."
76561198084853980,Recommended,328070,19989954,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Dragoo,"I have never played a more addictive game in my life (aside from counter-strike XD) Reflex is a extremely fast paced old school shooter that will, well test your reflexes as the name implies. In terms of the gameplay it feels like a mishmash of arena shooters from the late 90's and early 2000's, this genre of first person shooters was considered to be dead for a long time accept for the occasional nostalgia trip a indie dev would throw togethor because of their love for the genre.In terms of gameplay this game feels incredibly smooth, running and jumping all over the map feels great. The combat is also amazing, with 8 weapons you can find in the different modes, every weapon feels very powerful, with very meaty sound effects and on screen explosions stealing the show here over everything else as it should. each wepon feels varied and signifigantly different from one another, obviously drawing inspiration from quake one with its weapon roster.In terms of graphics this game looks absolutely gorgous even with its lack of very detailed textures. The game looks very surreal and clean with its bright colors and simple looking models and environments.I only have one major problems with this game and that is that it uses micro transactions, granted they are only cosmetic and do not effect the gameplay, but still we pc gamers wanna buy the game and have the complete product not be teased with cooler melee weapons when we try to change our melee weapon (your not teased with microtransactions at all unless you try to change your melee weapon as far as I know), if microtransactions have to be in the game though, at least the developers made a wise decision and made them purely cosmetic.Overall this game is great fun and you will definelty feel right at home if you sunk a lot of man hours into quake and unreal tournament back in the day.10/10 Buy this game not its microtransactions."
,Recommended,328070,16808221,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,nogawa.,"Like,♥♥♥♥♥♥     Get this game."
,Recommended,328070,21649761,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Mag7,"This game is great for fans of arena shooters or just fps games in general.  The mechanics are incredibly smooth for an early-access game, the air control, inertia and weapon balancing are all on point.  If you like games like quake or unreal tournament you'll probably like this game, too."
,Recommended,328070,13023037,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Parallax,"This game has HUGE potential!  The movement feels great, and the built-in map editor that lets multiple people work on a map at the same time while in a server is genius.  I'll be following this games development closely, and practicing my movement in community made maps while I wait.  Arena shooters will  make a comeback eventually, I'm hoping Reflex will be one of the games leading the charge.I highly recommend this game, though keep in mind it is very early in development at the moment, so if that makes you skeptical just add it to your wishlist, you're not going to want to forget about this game!"
76561198055300254,Recommended,328070,30434987,Posted: 10 March,all,prsurf,You need go nerves there are a lot of people with over 10k hours on quake which doesnt show on steam since quake wasnt on steam for a while. If you get rekt dont worry you dont know what they played before.Just play more it comes with time.
,Recommended,328070,30821832,Posted: 29 March,all,WARMUP WARRIOR (SPOOKY EDITION),I click on people and they ♥♥♥♥ING DIE!!!
,Recommended,328070,18788410,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,dvs,"Great community, amazing movement system and fun gameplay mechanics and weapon diversity."
,Recommended,328070,14173721,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,kemO)))sabe,Very challenging which is hard to find in a modern shooter. It makes me keep playing and forget that an hour has gone by. It is a lot of fun.
,Recommended,328070,28842485,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,NotMeNotYou,good.
,Recommended,328070,20140481,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,mihm,"real time multiplayer map editor--make/edit maps with your friends at the same time, switching in and out of creative and playing mode. its worth $10 for that feature alone.even if you suck at the game (me) it has something for you. very pretty, too."
,Recommended,328070,18671711,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,zigzter,This game is amazing. Go buy it rn and play with me.
76561198062675623,Recommended,328070,31393665,Posted: 27 April,all,louncharf,"This game is fun. A lot of fun. The controls are dialled, the pace fast and the mechanics are so deep I will never see the bottom!"
,Recommended,328070,32391190,Posted: 13 June,all,catdiscducks,good
,Recommended,328070,19877604,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,hellcase.com Kaceremeik,"I can't play it, but I can't stop playing it."
,Recommended,328070,30533798,Posted: 15 March,all,Calavera_Jo,Pretty good deathmatch action. Most of the maps are an absolute blast to play.The only downside to this game is that it's windows-only.
,Recommended,328070,30514548,Posted: 14 March,all,JJS,Good game. Feels a bit slower than Quake.
,Recommended,328070,29383092,Posted: 20 January,all,fenbekus,A must-have for any arena shooter fan!
,Recommended,328070,17168019,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,『Neon://Sand』,"I've been waiting for a new Quake game to take the place of Q3A for years now. While it may not be Quake in name, Reflex proves itself to be everything veterans of the arena first person shooter genre want. Fast gameplay, diverse movement options, no loadouts, and no regenerating health. This is the real deal, baby. An aboslute must buy."
,Recommended,328070,17125177,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Foggy,GG+FunParkourActionReflex-Need bigger mousepad :DRekting veterans of Quake but I don't care :P
,Recommended,328070,17127210,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Comrade Beaglsky,Absolutely solid - both mechanically and technically. Worth a buy!
76561197980128806,Recommended,328070,17130250,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Iodine,"Brings back memorys of my childhood playing quake 3 online, the game is glorious!  Buy it, seriously its worth every penny."
,Recommended,328070,17128495,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Vinious,Plays just as good as I remember!!!
,Recommended,328070,17128888,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,DaRockWildeR,Awesome fast paced FPS game!A mix of Unreal Tournament and Quake that will bring you back to the 90's!Not a lot of players online :(
,Recommended,328070,17139026,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,High Rise,Great cheap game that actually works in Alpha
,Recommended,328070,17168427,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,bimbococksock,great game buy it
,Recommended,328070,13009377,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Ganesh <autist>,This game has a lot of potential...a modern take on CPMA.
,Recommended,328070,13857865,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,cat,"Lots of fun, even this early in development. Movement is very fluid and, although very similar to that of Quake's, still feels unique. Very solid and responsive gunplay. Everything looks really promising so far. I could definitely see Reflex taking Quake's throne in the near future.However, some things to be aware of before buying in early access:- few players; can be difficult to get a full game going- very minimal menu interface (most tweaking is done through console commands)Regardless, I'd still recommend picking this up. Reflex looks like it could bring arena shooters back."
76561197987881545,Recommended,328070,16752303,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,beat0n,"dead game. ppl change direction faster than you ever can. ""it get better with time"" they said. 1020 hours say no.Avoid this game but do it while playing it more."
,Recommended,328070,18314330,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,CoMax,>Your friends should buy Reflex.
,Recommended,328070,30417023,Posted: 9 March,all,[ ≠ ] XtΞrmin8,"A fresh take on an old classic is always welcomed.  The game pretty dope.  Arena Shooter fans, this game is a must."
,Recommended,328070,30476067,Posted: 12 March,all,Flxur,Three words. Adicting as♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,328070,12938549,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Assbad,"Buying this now is like pledging to StarCitizen: you are supporting development of a game, not buying one- and you're not getting one, either.As it stands at the time of writing, the game isverypre-alpha. There is no proper netcode (it's still somewhat playable), all weaponmodels are placeholders, the map-editor is extremely basic and still very buggy at times (especially on QWERTZ-keyboards), most things have to be done through the console, etc.That said, I have had a great time mapping with friends (90% of my playtime was spent mapping thus far, and I have never mapped before in my life), playing the terrible maps we made, and getting to know new players through trying out their maps.If you want something to just play around with while you wait for the full game, this is pretty fun, and if the promises match up to what's there already, ""dis gon' b gud""."
,Recommended,328070,25361719,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Mungo_,"Amazing game, just like quake but with Unreal engine graphics. There is a nice combination of quake-style strafe jumping and counter-strike/source engine style bunnyhopping implemented giving the player the speed of strafing and the turning precision of bhopping.Hopefully the player base rises when the game comes out of early access, but other than the low player base, great game!"
,Recommended,328070,27713836,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Braven,Lovely game! Super futuristic and its a lovely fps shooter! Absolutely recommeding this game!
,Recommended,328070,27922361,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,PaRaSiTe,"Finally a true homage to my favorite FPS games of all-time (especially Quakeworld and Quake 3). The graphics are stunning and controls perfect. Bunnyhopping, rocket jumping, plasma climbing, trick mode, race mode, FFA it's all here and keeps getting better!"
76561198211177461,Recommended,328070,28780047,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,"You know that kid, Bradley?","So, I've had this game in my wish list for a while now and since then I have been ignoring it for the past few months, until I got a message from steam saying that it's 50% off. So when I saw that, I kinda grew out of the whole, quake or arena shooter type games, but, since it was on sale, I thought I would get it anyways. Before opening the game, I wasn't expecting much, but after actually playing this game, it realized how fun this game is! How fast paced it was, fluid it controlled, and awesome you feel after high speed jumping over enemy and one-shotting them with a rail gun, it all just felt amazing to play and it was a blast! I've tried games like Unreal Tournement 2k16 and Quake, but it doesn't have the pure charm and simplisity of this game with it's colorful artstyle and, while not amazing, good graphics that are quite optimized. Also, growing up with the original Quake and not Unreal kinda pushed me away from liking the Unreal Tounement because Quake and UT are completely different things, while this game captures the quake feel while making it it's own game. If you are a fan of Quake, UT, or just Arena Shooters in general, I highly recommend you get this game, especially for what price it is on sale or not on sale, I'd even reccomend this to anyone interested in the genre. I hope this has helped you... also enjoy your beer money Reflex devs, you deserve it."
,Recommended,328070,30423179,Posted: 10 March,all,K4Rt1k,Needs quick switch! Other than that loving it! :)
,Recommended,328070,31085146,Posted: 11 April,all,Kipex,"Reflex is a flash from the past. It follows the Quake 3 formula fairly closely with some good additions and plays extremely well. Gameplay mechanics are rock solid, the game runs at high framerates and isn't filled with unnecessary distractions like the modern military shooters of today. It does what it says in the description.The reason why I hesitate to give this a recommendation is because it's a struggle to find a game, especially if you're looking for something else than 1v1. For a multiplayer game that's a big downside as I can't play it whenever I want."
76561198075510090,Recommended,328070,33137140,Posted: 2 July,all,W-Only,"This game is a ♥♥♥♥in' blast to play. Even though there aren't alot of playersall you need is 3 other players active in a Free For All Deathmatch server,and you can frag away for ages.*Insert ♥♥♥♥♥♥ IGN 10/10 meme here*"
76561198083566613,Recommended,328070,27779669,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,hunter,great game get it
,Recommended,328070,33407800,Posted: 9 July,all,Blokeybo,"Super fun if you love Quake, Unreal Tournament ETC!- The combat feels really fluid and badass, I'm finding instagib particularly enjoyable in this game for just how nice it feels to run around and one click kill with pinpoint accuracy.- Art-style is simplistic, but unique and effective. Players really pop and the theme of the game feels original and fresh- Matchmaking has this battle lobby mode where you can have a casual match with others waiting for a game, which is kinda cool. Only thing I would argue is why can't i just have a match with the people I'm in lobby with rather than finding something else that is in progress? I mean, I've played in the lobby with 4 people, only to join a game with 2 people???NOTE - THIS GAME DOES HAVE BOTSInitially seeing this game, i was sceptical to buy it, as i didn't want a dead playerbase and no means to enjoy and practice the game in singleplayerThere is a two bot training mode, and you can add up to 8 as far as i know if you host a game and the chosen map is navmeshed for them!There are tons of maps since the workshop is choc full of them, and the bots can be altered to fit your skill level!So there is a reason to buy this, as even in future if the playerbase dies, you can still enjoy the game :D"
,Recommended,328070,33750985,Posted: 23 July,all,swek,Hands down the best arena shooter on steam!
,Recommended,328070,33937197,Posted: 31 July,all,Rus,"I'm really bad at AFPS games, this is my first, besides dicking around in quake some years ago. Reflex is ♥♥♥♥ing great, but it needs more players, invite your friends! (Race is dope too)"
,Recommended,328070,25356814,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Anthrax,Essentially CPMA with updated graphics and some growing room to decide where weapon balance needs to lay. Not as perfect as CPMA but has excellent potential.
76561198084254653,Recommended,328070,27920199,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,dcoy,This game is the SSBM of FPS. Dev's are geniuses. WE ARE HOOKED.
76561198028786593,Recommended,328070,30749071,Posted: 26 March,all,c3ler0,"Brings afps to the modern standard of multiplayer games with match making, map editor, skins etc. Movenment is like in cpma quake. Highly Recommend"
,Recommended,328070,33273352,Posted: 5 July,all,RidgeTop,"A pure and impressive skill-based arena shooter the likes of which I haven't seen sinceQuake III. This one took me by surprise. Lots of maps, all the expected arena-shooter weapons, and an interesting minimalistic visual style make for an awesome and nostalgic multiplayer experience."
76561198028307114,Recommended,328070,33290484,Posted: 5 July,all,gkflyboy,"Bought it on sale for $5. It is well worth the $10.This is such a great and fun fps. Like going back to the Doom/Quake days. Fun and easy to play.The Aesthetics are awesome. Wonderful design talent here. Also, since there aren't many textures going on, the framerate is lightning fast (I get an ave 130fps on an RX470 on 1440/High :) ).Gonna try it on an old laptop - it should run just great. Nice when game devs make games that scale both up and down and still look and run great and are fun to play."
76561198058747855,Recommended,328070,33929683,Posted: 31 July,all,Space Man Chains,"An amazing arena shooter based on the quake 3 pro mod it has a high skill ceiling and can be unforgiving to new player, and it has a small player base but every one is friendly and willing to help. Buy the four pack or have friends get it too and you'll have great expirence. If you're on your own you still can find some servers with players in them dont que for games though go to the find games tab and join a server your self. All in all this is a great game worth checking out."
76561197960295605,Recommended,328070,28175265,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,elemen7al,"Great fast paced game, always a game available."
,Recommended,328070,17585456,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Kosan,Its farking awesome.Play it
,Recommended,328070,19901556,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Team > dhaK (C),"TLDR - Want to improve your aim on any game? Buy this game, google kovaaak mouse acceleration, tweak the in-game settings, experience what aiming really feels like, thank me later.Promised myself to never buy an early access game because after the first impression if the game still needs a lot of work I immediately unninstall it and never play it again. I coudln't resist after a few good reviews from people I trusted. The result? One of the best first 5 hours of gaming I've had in my life. This game is absolutely amazing. Not only did I enjoy every minute I played, I was taught a very very very important lesson as a gamer:Mouse Acceleration done right is the single best thing you can do to improve your aim. You see I've always been a hardcore cstrike player. In that field, acceleration is regarded as bad, evil, only noobs use it. However, professional Quake Live players have known the truth for decades. In my case, after more than 15 years I've finally learn my lesson from a $5 dollar game. Not every mouse acceleration is created equal. Understand that the acceleration everyone is familiar with, the one you can activate in Windows or in all logitech/razer/microsoft mouse drivers is bad because you can't tweak it or adjust it to your needs. For example, for counter-strike most players use a medium to low sensitivity, that way they sacrifice long range aim to improve the critical skill of turning around and improving their overall movement ability. Despite, this is far from ideal - some players use a lower sensitivity because they feel aiming is more important, some use a slightly higher sensitivity because they think movement is more important. Either way, they are giving up a part of their game. I was one of the players who gave up long range aim for increased mobility. There was no reason to do that, or better put, there is no reason to do it today. Reflex fans have created a windows tool (google povohats and/or KovaaaK) to apply the right way of acceleration to any game. Do not take it from me, buy Reflex and go to the mouse settings option menu. There, check the box named advanced settings, to enable the ability to further customize your acceleration. I guaranteed you have never seen such a great level of control on mouse sensitivity/acceleration in your life.The idea behind good mouse accel is to narrow the range of acceleration by setting up a CAP (a maximum sensisitivity that can be achieved by the acceleration) and a minimum. That way your fast mouse swipes will be limited to the sensitivity you are comfortable turning with, and the minimum will be limited by the lowest sensitivity you believe is best to aim at long distances.AIM. Like you have never experienced before. Feel an aiming so accurate, smooth, and comfortable it makes gaming ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic.Best $5 dollars I've ever spent in my life."
,Recommended,328070,16298976,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,kawa,"One of the best quake mods of all time gets a remake on its own engine. I could see myself playing this game for years. Already a fantastic game and its not even in beta.10/10edit: Still playing almost 2 years later, with the matchmaking update there is no excuse not to buy this game if you like shooting stuff. For 10 dollars, you really can't go wrong."
,Recommended,328070,15864359,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,jnt-,this is the new Quake. A-W-E-S-O-M-E !!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,328070,19002036,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Skytoon,"I've never been into arena shooter's until I bought Reflex. HOLY CRAP. This game is amazing, even for just being in early access.Definitely recommend 10/10. (map editor is amazing too)"
,Recommended,328070,17114648,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,MarzenGold,Lots of promise! :D
,Recommended,328070,17259561,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Taskmaster,"Game is pretty good, reminds me a lot of Quake. Which im certain it goes for. I had a great time, played with some of the guys in EU, they taught me some commands for console, and how to play a bit. Great community so far, I'd say it's worth checking out. Really fun to play regardless of your skill."
76561198018679068,Recommended,328070,17126906,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Cuppaheado,Join server and get 30 rockets to the face10/10♥♥♥♥♥♥quake gameplay that requires no aim
,Recommended,328070,17212739,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,"dare,","A masterpiece and one of the best examples of what competitive Arena-FPS gaming can be.This game's gameplay is the product of over a decade's worth of market testing in competitive Quake 3, Quake Live, and The Quake 3 Modification CPMA - Competitive Pro Mode Arena (or Profesional Level Quake).This game has evolved with its industry sector's demographic demands for what a competitive online FPS should be about.CPMA was the competitive Quake 3 modification that Pro Gamers Fatal1ty and v00https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sander_%22Vo0%22_Kaasjagerplayed in the early 2000s that made the Pro Gaming FPS scene explode in popularity in North America helping to establish E-Sports as a real thing.For the laymen, this game is a refreshing change of direction from the trend in FPS games where they typically are getting easier and more dumbed down. As developed franchises tend to do in an attempt to appeal to new customers, casual gamers, or console gamers (see the Starsiege Tribes series iterations after the first one all failing for further example).More so it isn't a murder/military simulator like Call of Duty or Counter-Strike which is a game style I find disgusting.I truly hope this game catches on. Besides Starsiege: Tribes 1 which is also begging for a high graphics same gameplay and physics remake, there is no other competitive game I find interesting enough to participate in or spectate.Until e-sports decides to standardize gameplay (or have real player leagues and unions) and point its focus on improving graphics e-sports will be lagging in popularity in the skilled precision fps sector.Reflex takes amazing steps in progressing that goal of true e-sports competition and athletics.I rate this game 12/10."
76561198017541289,Recommended,328070,17255624,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,bean$,"Got this game today - been playing it for a bit.  Here's what I think so far:System specs: not got the fastest system (Probook with i5 and integrated graphics)  but at medium settings have seen no problems - and some very nice pings on the easy-to-use Multiplyer (MP) screen (pings anything from 6 to 120 have been playable).  Only a few players on, at the moment, and they tend to be pretty good - like me probably from a Quake / UT background.  However, have found some friendly players who were happy to chat and not just frag the hell out of me - and if you come accross me, I'll be friendly too (when I'm not fragging you that is) - just say hi.Quake / Unreal playing: after a couple of years of TF2 (mainly sniper) I wanted something faster - somehting a lot faster, but there's nothing that fits this wish, until Reflex.  I've been back playing Quake II (via Steam purchase) for the past couple of months and then found this FPS game while looking for Quake mods (have Q2Pro & KMQuake2 installed too, along with QI quakespasam and its assocaited MP bots) but removed Berserker@Quake2 and R1Q2).  Never been involved at the start of a game (this is a beta version) so this is quite fun.  It's very much like dm/ffa/TDM etc. from QI (if anyone remembers that far back - I do - it was 1997) QII & QIII (no idea about QIV as I could not get on with it) along with Unreal Tornament 2004 & Unreal Tornament III.  Expect fast game play - stand still and die  - move, move, move - unless you're a nasty camper  :)Refelx playing: I like the ffa maps, with 1v1 quite intense - all good play and nice map set-ups.  Then the jump maps (Zo_beta and others) helping me with circle stafe jumping - I'm going to spend some time on these!  Rocket jumping around the maps works well, as does bunny hopping.  Circle stafing etc. seem a little easier to do than in QII or Q3 which is good as I'm still getting used to doing them.What I'd like at some point: some players to choose from (the default makes a clunking thud, rather like a metal robot) and perhaps some sort of off-line basic training map.  I'm about to set my bindings ('r' for rocket launcher etc) - not sure if I'll need to edit config. yet.  Would also be nice to remove view of the weapon held - might be able to do this, as I've not looked it up yet.  Will we get rail type CTF matches, with hook / grapple?The (beta) game now: a recommended Early Access Game - especially for players who like fast multiplayer matches.  But remember (27th July 2015) it's still  an Early Access Game and won't be anywhere near perfect - presumably there will be patches as the game moves closer to a finished product.bean$ (hope to see you on the servers and frag yer' soon)"
,Recommended,328070,16319206,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Thyrfa,Is good
,Recommended,328070,13033500,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,BeeSawd,"First of all I love this game in it's concept but also most of the presentation. I understand it's early access so most textures and sound are filler but what isn't looks/ sounds fantastic. Realy looking foward to more, Keep up the good work.                              P.S. if I could add any feature it whould be a good options menu. but other than that It's really great. pick it up if you have the chance."
,Recommended,328070,20694988,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,+ D E A D C E L L -,"Amazing after playing ""cube 2 sauerbraten"" for years REFLEX takes me back to the fast paced fps I have always enjoyed spending houndreds of hours playing. Constantly emproving the game dynamics, Servers and custom map making . Very much enjoy playing this. A MUST PLAY! *****""I hope to see more customizing options for characters""Thank you Turbo Pixel Studios"
,Recommended,328070,21449435,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,JULZ,pls buy this game. its better than quake
,Recommended,328070,15976588,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,oasis,quake and painkiller in one AWESOME
,Recommended,328070,15238231,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,DippyDip,10/10 .. Best game ever . Addictive  as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,328070,29271266,Posted: 15 January,all,Squib,"Very fun game, super fast paced!"
76561198124925046,Recommended,328070,28909754,Posted: 1 January,all,Dank Disease,Call of Duty is dead. Buy this game instead!ShootMania with a UT/Q3A mix. (And it also has a dying community so if you buy this game you are my best friend)
,Recommended,328070,32678664,Posted: 23 June,all,eMorpus,"I don't recommend buying this, if you want to play offline with bots, It is fantastic. But If you want to play online with people, you wont find anyone."
,Recommended,328070,12871522,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,dr.northy,"The game is still early but it's a lot of fun, tons of potential.  Amazing to play a skill based game after so many years of air strikes and instant kills."
,Recommended,328070,32988398,Posted: 29 June,all,Tiger Weeds,"I thought since I was pro at CSGO, my reaction time should be able to handle this game.I was wrong. The reflex of people who play this game is crazy. As if they took some adrenaline shots and can see♥♥♥♥♥♥in slow motion.Fun game though, gameplay is smooth and fast paced."
,Recommended,328070,33319255,Posted: 6 July,all,skittles,buy dis game too good for me to handle
,Recommended,328070,30412437,Posted: 9 March,all,eldamar,Feels like quake 3 but with all the nice features from a modern game
,Recommended,328070,27741969,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,iq,[Muffled rap music playing in the distance]
,Recommended,328070,28326364,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,PEPZ,Reminds me of Quake. I love Quake.
,Recommended,328070,30419240,Posted: 9 March,all,`v3nture,"The movement is fluid, the gameplay is fast, get good or youre not gonna last.It really is a shame Reflex isn't more poplar. The gameplay is excellent, it is very competetitve, and it has a map editor.10/10"
,Recommended,328070,30458449,Posted: 11 March,all,ORRMANAFTERALL,It's like quake 3. Just better! Awesome game <3
,Recommended,328070,33459159,Posted: 11 July,all,Lvkkie™,"Great solid arena shooter. Feels a lot like Quake Live/Quake 3 Arena. It's a shame not many people play this, and there are very few active servers, but I still recommend buying this if you like a good 'ol Arena shooter FPS!"
,Recommended,328070,23871451,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,mlem,"Before this I had never played an arena fps. I was born too late to experience the gems of the arena fps era.I have always longed to play something as fast paced as reflex, and honestly in the first 10 minutes even this game managed to hook me. The gameplay is fast and action packed, 100% skill based, the perfect fps game.Too bad I suck, but that gives me something to improve on, so I reccomend you try this game. If you suck dont worry, Im pretty sure everyone will when they start into the genre, the fun is in getting better.All in all I can only find positives. Although bare in mind i have no similar games to make comparisons too bar TF2, which honestly is completely different.10/10"
,Recommended,328070,27805640,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,💀 feathers 💀,fun AFPS
,Recommended,328070,32582050,Posted: 19 June,all,SweetishSlinky0,"This game is just what you would want if you're looking for an arena game that isn't like a ""call of duty"" game."
76561198114461606,Recommended,328070,23939755,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,fastsend,"So far, I'm very impressed with this game. The movement is excellent, and the graphics are great. My main problem with many arena FPS is that they're not quite fast enough.Reflex is about right. You have to be careful about what server you join, otherwise the entire game may lag.My main issues:1. People mainly use the cannon, it's the most powerful weapon. The weapons could be balanced a little bit differently. I'm not totally sure how to go about this, but it's my observation.2. There are a decent number of people that play, however most of them, in my opinion, come from quake or other arena shooters.3. Related to #2, but there's not enough fresh people playing. Hopefully when the game launches there'll be more people. So far, it's a good start though.All in all, it's my new favorite arena shooter, so I hope it does well long term."
76561198050727802,Recommended,328070,25473967,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,nexfan100-senpai-sama-chan-kun,"Super fun arena shooter..... biggest problem is theres is no matchmaking system at the moment so you're stuck with random dudes that like the game enough to create a server..... AND IT ALWAYS ♥♥♥♥ING 1V1. Area TDM is my favorite game mode but, since all 8 of the ""active"" servers are 1v1 or FFA servers with only 2 players and a passowrd, I rarely have a full night playing this game. Its always just me hopping into a 1v1 server and waiting like 4 centuries to move up the queue to even play."
76561198040916703,Recommended,328070,28703758,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,#saynotogaming,qualite gaem 15/10 would bang
,Recommended,328070,13016045,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,TheTopMostDog,"If you are viewing this with broken markup, pleasefollow this linkto go to the review page.Now on Steam!Reflex sounds like the twitch shooter many of us have been waiting for. It definitely shows lots of promise and it was because of this that I had pledged more money in the crowdfunding effort (prior to the cancellation of the kickstarter) than I paid for the four copies I just recently purchased on steam to support them. I guess the best I can do now is write a hefty recommendation and hope that word can be spread better than it was when their crowdfunding was still active. Here's to Turbo Pixel Studios hopefully managing to raise enough money to complete the game of their (and our) dreams!The game's development builds were initially to be split up into three parts, the prototype, available December 2014; the Alpha and then the Beta, prior to product release. As the game is now availableprior to the original prototype date, I feel it is unfair to judge the game based on what is included so far. I will say that the game IS playable, though has a very barebones feel: it has a minimal menu, no graphics options and of course, next to no textures. Themechanicsare there, but the game is not.NB (note well):If you are looking at purchasing this game in its current state (as of writing, November 2014), you will be doing sosolelyto support the developer in their time of need. Do not expect much of a game right now.You have been warned.Oh yes, there will be gibs..I will definitely be putting some time into this game as development progresses and write a thorough review and summary for those who have not heard of it. Stay tuned!SummaryA fast-paced, reaction based shooter not dissimilar from cult classics such as Quake, Unreal Tournament and similar twitch/deathmatch games.The Game:In the default game type, deathmatch, players spawn at a randomly chosen, pre-designated spawn point upon joining the game and again every time they die. The game works on a pickup-based system, where health, armour, weapons and other power-ups spawn at their own individual places around the map, and need to be walked into to be picked up by the player. As this is a high-action game mode, players are almost always dropped very near to hostiles and must either choose to fight with what they have at their disposal or dodge and weave their way to a more powerful weapon or pickup. And, as you improve, you'll likely have to manage both, at the same time.Reflex brings back skill-based movement, where simply holding W is a thing of the past [or future?].Early AccessThe final game will include several game modes, almost a dozen weapons, and at least a handful of maps, which will definitely grow over time, as a map editor is included and community maps are sure to follow. There will be tutorial maps introduced prior to release to help you hone your skills out of combat, so you can improve your frags in combat.AlphaThe game now has 'Race' mode with several community-made maps already. Race is essentially the popular bunnyhop mod from the Counter-Strike series. Those skilled in the game's movement will love breaking records in these start-to-finish time trials.Graphics are shaping up and the game feels amazing. Netcode feels glorious, possibly the best in-class.[in progress]BetaTBANotes:As this is the first time I'm going to attempt a properly on-going recommendation (let alone, being the featured one on my profile), I feel I must point out that any part of it may change or disappear completely. Comments may not refer to content that even exists by the time I'm done. Let's hope I'm that intricate."
,Recommended,328070,14738281,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Hans!,I♥♥♥♥♥♥myself because of the fun i had with this game. 13/10.
76561198078712145,Recommended,328070,13099087,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Mookake,"Just got the game, been playing for approx 3 hrs, really love it. Sure its a LOT like quake/unreal tournament, but i really like the graphics and i think its about time people got a upgraded version of the classic 90's shooter. It is in early access, however, i feel it has ridiculous amounts of potential and definitley deserves attention and funding. I wanna see that concept screen shot on the store page become a reality!"
,Recommended,328070,23368515,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,maya420,=):^):]
,Recommended,328070,30495463,Posted: 13 March,all,AlphaSTORM,hell yeah
,Recommended,328070,12832782,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Doom3 pa1ner,"My one of fav game from my library. I am here from the pre alpha versions of this game. Glad I can see when this game left early acces! After many changes, and many updates I can write more about this game.Pros:- Oldschool movement system (rocket jumps, strafe jumps, air control, and many more);- Fanastic weapons like rocket launcher, stakegun, lighting gun etc;- Easy to learn editor of maps if you have some good idea you can easy make it happen. No specialy skills requried. You build your own map just like in The Sims;- This game requiring skill, patience and learn new things. If you finaly get it satisfaction that comes from this will be a huge!- Matchmaking system - finaly newbies can have a good start with this game not by losing 0:50 with first player (this is my story lol);- Many tournaments if you like esport you can try to be the best or if you want just some fun from game you can watch twitch transimsion. Also this game have a ladder and seasons, ranks and levels of players;- Developers they made amazing work they do not stop with updates. I can not even count how many this game had updates but many. Trust me. ;)- Many good quality maps (take a look on workshop);- Workshop;- You can change everything in your config. You can add some crazy modifcition on your hud. The only limit is your imagine. If you do not have any just like me you can always download huds made by profesionalists;- Many gamemodes (clan arena, team deatchmatch, 1on1, 2on2, instagib)- Optimization;- Great sound - if you have good headset you can easily hear position of your rival;- Unlocked framerates;- Mutators;- Demo editor;- Helpfull comunity - they help you always when you want it.Cons:- You need minimum 5 keyboard for play this game... If you are tryhard like me because you destroy you keyboard. Trust me. :D (joke)- This game is too addicted.Verdict: You and your friends should buy reflex and always remember hf & gl!"
,Recommended,328070,23771679,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,HonkyTonk,"very fluid, fast, fair and hard afps."
76561197977938029,Not Recommended,328070,35222438,Posted: 26 September,all,Count Erstrike,"This could have been great,but the developer has not done anything with it in ages,and there are no longer enough people to play with."
,Recommended,328070,34226406,Posted: 13 August,all,kurm csgoatse.com,i like game
,Recommended,328070,15775968,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,<<Scorpio Uprising>>,You will get wrecked by someone who has been playing Quake since 97.
,Recommended,328070,15424907,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Chief Rocka»,buy it
,Recommended,328070,14984090,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Servo,a poem:this game will probably ruin my lifei don't know why i try to get good at it but i want toplease stay alive until you get out of early accessweapon 8 makes me want to crypretty fun game
,Not Recommended,328070,31312439,Posted: 22 April,all,Tiensama チエンサマ,GAME IS FINEBUT NO PLAYERS
76561198011081799,Recommended,328070,12809831,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Miha_,"Call of Promode Arena - The Advanced Modern Electric Boogaloo 2 is by far one of the most challenging and skillful games that I've yet to play.The skill floor is higher than CPMA already, as of yet I still haven't completed the tutorial level, which you play before the game itself is loaded.As I clicked on the play button, I was instantly greeted by the most foul enemy of them all - ""Reflex.exe has stopped working.""I watched some movement tutorials online, hoping that it would give me a clue on how to circumvent my vicious and persistent opponent.So far, I've tried triple jumping using my chair, desk, and monitor to get over my monitor, and thus my opponent who is so curiously trapped inside of it.It hasn't been very succesful, otherwise I would be playing the game right now instead of writing this review.Overall, because I'm feeling extreme buyer's remorse, and because I liked what I saw on the video (How many games can you name that taught you how to jump over furniture in such a short amount of time?) - I give the game a humble score of 37/10.I implore the developers to nerf the tutorial level so that a filthy casual such as myself would be able to play the game with other champions of arm twitch simulator.Since you need 5 minutes of gameplay to review a game, I left the error screen on while playing minesweeper for about 5 minutes to accumulate that time, which agitated me.Minesweeper was the thing that agitated me, not the staring at the screen. I ♥♥♥♥ing hate Minesweeper."
76561197976889489,Recommended,328070,12796459,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Benz,"Updated review 16.12.2016:Technical aspects:- engine feels really smooth- very GPU dependent (for reference: with a GTX 1060 i'm getting 160-200 on a fully arted, well-looking map)- i think i had 2-3 crashes since the early access release, all in the map-editor- great for streaming, since your CPU is mostly free for other stuff to doGame:- in-game map-editor -> really great- small but active community- prepare to get #rekt- people mostly play 1v1, CTF and TDM aren't as popularWorth more than 10€ imo. Would buy again."
,Recommended,328070,14331117,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,unprecedented amounts of clout,"Fuuuck it's good. It's current Early Access state is basically giving you a base game with freedom to do what you please with it and a fully functional and phenomenal map editor. Playerbase is probably and hopefully only going to go up, and there are already servers out there. Hitboxes and netcode have been updated and are fantastic and the game already runs great on decent PCs. The game is in Early Access but the dev team has a dedicated art assets team to see where they want to go with the game's artstyle and already has one completely textured map and detailed weapon models. The map editor is now entirely based in lua and allows for super customizable map creation with a friendly ui; and everything only goes up from here. Please buy this game."
,Recommended,328070,22798578,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,djschaum520,"It's based off a quake 3 arena mod and is really fun, addictive, and competitive.Right now the weapon textures are ""cartoony,"" but the devs plan on updating it.Shouldn't be hard to find 1v1 servers if you're NA or EU, especially during peak hours."
,Recommended,328070,30438867,Posted: 10 March,all,rollypollyolie,GUD
,Recommended,328070,20186231,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,fя0zєИ^G,Best arena shooter after Quakeworld.
,Recommended,328070,14553720,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,earthworm enthusiast,bretty gudyou get to go fastyou get to frag nerdswhat more could you want?
76561198216757277,Not Recommended,328070,19326540,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Lügenpresse!,"Movement is too fast, netcode is bad, there are only 20 people playing on average per day and they are all in Europe. All North American servers are empty. No campaign or offline play with bots. Most populated servers are private and password protected.It's a multiplayer only game and there's no one to play with."
,Recommended,328070,30075662,Posted: 21 February,all,alexsavage,excellent
,Recommended,328070,16465792,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,name jeff,"How hard is it to model a ♥♥♥♥ing gun? It's missing some basic stuff, but it works. Hopefully this game will catch the attention of players so the servers aren't dead all the time. There's literally more players playing Quake III right now and that game came out in 1999... Looking forward to seeing how this game turns out though."
,Recommended,328070,17696873,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Chode Master,Very fun quake-like game. If you like quake you will like thisThough not many people play it
,Recommended,328070,17752799,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Meowmeow Fuzzyface,Loneliness simulator 2015
,Recommended,328070,12798950,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Snows,Buy the ♥♥♥♥ out of this game
,Recommended,328070,15918525,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,NA President,+ probably the best netcode possible atm+ absolutely no RNG even shotgun has a fixed pattern (esport)+ looks great runs smooth+ really has no skill ceiling (esport)+ the devs are amazing!!- noobs get rekt a lot
,Recommended,328070,30412254,Posted: 9 March,all,feliser,Amazing
,Recommended,328070,22468003,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,JinX,Reflex > Quake Champions
,Recommended,328070,27505307,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Hxdoom,10/10 would get rekt by tr1pwire again
,Recommended,328070,23010227,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,creamz,"This game is great for first time arena players.  Even if you have never played quake before, you will love this game from the start.  There is only one problem I can see with this game, it's that there is not enough players to find matches all the time.  Usually I find myself playing against the same few people every time.  Which is fine, but if there was more players it would be much better."
,Recommended,328070,17173084,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,flukkz,Love this game <3
76561198077730829,Recommended,328070,31213944,Posted: 18 April,all,ArD,Best Arena FPS presently
,Recommended,328070,29369308,Posted: 19 January,all,dos gardenias,Really fun fragging game but no one plays it so who cares
,Recommended,328070,30409117,Posted: 9 March,all,Muikea Rööki Cohle,you can go fast
,Recommended,328070,31738665,Posted: 13 May,all,jazzpuppy,"Below is what you will think when you're awfulThe game is all based off of a game element called ""Control"". Control is when you have a cycle that you follow in the arena to grab all the armors possible, so you have a chance. Now, this doesn't seem like a problem, for the most part to you. Well, the problem is A. If someone has the first frag on you, you will keep on spawning infront of them and you will have 0% chance to recover, as you will keep spawning with a boring pistol and 100 health points, and then your opponent right beside you will have mega health, red armor, all the weapons on the map and good♥♥♥♥♥♥ and he will simply chase you down until you die, and it keeps on repeating over and over and over. The very little chances of comebacks that happen was A. due to a screwup on the controllers part, (or he's just god awful) or B. If you happen to be great at control, but messed up a bit you should be able to make a comeback. However, you will find at the end of some games that you dealt 3k damage, 0 kills, but your opponent might've dealt 2k-4k damage, and have won. If you have control of the map, you automatically have control of the game; again the only way you goose up is a simple mistake, or something you forgot to cycle allowed him to comeback. TL;DR - Very small skill differences like control can result in HUGE frag differences. Hence why the game is no fun unless you play on a game mode in which there are no pickups, 100hp and 200 red armor for each time you spawn in a duel; if a kill was made during the round, a new round begins, respawning both players and it continues. The game has very little skill involved, and I feel this needs to be balanced. On top of that, the Reflex community (their discord, for example) are very unfair and quite toxic. I simply was kicked/muted for 3 days for simply bringing up the topic of splitscreen. I highly recommend you just save your breath (unless you are a quake vet and you know how to do this♥♥♥♥♥♥ and simply buy something else, because you will get very♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off.The good game modes that involve true skill is Arena. Arena comes in three different forms: Arena as in last man standing ffa, Clan Arena, last team standing, and lastly Arena Duel - king of the duel. When you play an arena mode, you ALWAYS spawn with 100 hp, and 200 armor with all the weapons. The catch is: you die until the round is over, then you respawn, and everyone gets their health points / armor reset to the default (100h 200a) The best part is: there are 0 pickups, meaning you can't recover from being bulldozed from a rocket three times in a row.--------------------What you will think once you become an experienced player--------------------Welcome to Reflex Arena, a game that truly tests your skills in many different ways. The review you read above was me being toxic new player who sucked♥♥♥♥♥at the game (hey, some of it is still true.) Reflex Arena is a strategic arena shooter, involving a variety of different modes, ranging from instagib, in which you have a bolt action rifle to shoot at your enemies; but the catch is, they die in a single hit~~ all the way to Capture the Flag, which is pretty obvious for what it means. But the most popular mode in Reflex right now is the Duel mode, which is mainly what I had complained about in my negative review above. Reflex is a game that takes a good amount of skill; you have to master multiple components of the game to be able to play it. Gamesense, Aim, and most importantly control. Aim in of itself cannot win you a game, matter of fact; if you had aimbot at 100hp vs someone with 100hp, armor and all guns, you would certainly lose. Throughout this review you will understand why this is the case. Sure, aim is important in a fair situation, and for slowing people down. But, most matches are about grabbing the armor, and finding and taking advantage of the opponents weaknesses; you find what they hate most and use it against them. Let's describe a match of Reflex Arena first: You both spawn, and scatter your area for weapons, and armor. You will come across eachother, and may either ignore each other in order to grab more armor/weapons, or you will maybe try to grab a pick on them. However, once both of you have A. considerable amount of armor, or B. equal odds (further in the game) you will fight, until one of you are very low on health, and will back up to retrieve health, and armor. This is where Control kicks in. You need to control the map so well, that your opponent cannot recover from his mistake. Once you kill him, you may come across him a couple times with no armor, and again take advantage of this. (this is probably what ticks off players the most, lmao) But, then, the opponent you have killed will recover. He will prevent you from grabbing armor, steal it for himself and then proceed to run for the hills to come back properly prepared. Or, he may get cocky and take a couple shots are you in attempt to kill you. He may, or may not succeed. In these moments, stacks matter the most. Someone with more armor and hp will surely dominate over the opponent. However, once done the situation is over, he will have lower hp than usual, and his cycle will be distrupted. This is when your opponent strikes. The game eventaully plays itself out, and you may even go into overtime. This isn't your typical unreal. This isn't your typical Quake. This.... This is Reflex Arena.Additional side note: the game is indeed difficult to those who are new to the game. But remember this: It takes a series of defeats to learn and become better. -Victoria"
,Recommended,328070,18200108,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,dfsp_spirit,"A classical arena FPS, in the spirit of CPM / Quake 3 Arena.Small but very dedicated community, mostly focused on dead serious 1vs1 action. Game looks rather ugly, but if you care about that it's not for you anyway.Fast and great movement system, good weapon balance. Great level editor. No bots or anything to get you started. No match-making system.You'll love it if you played CPM seriously. You'll be torn to shreds on the servers if you didn't.UPDATE 02/2016: They now have a match-making system! This is great!"
,Recommended,328070,18248396,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,ياعلي,This game is definately recomended! Alot of fun!
76561198041761384,Recommended,328070,12820243,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Cooj,good♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,328070,12836306,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,UkeFromHR,"------------------EDIT--------------------[I have made a video review of the game on my profile 11-14-14]Okay so obviously my review is getting a lot of scrutiny.Allow me to clarify what I mean here.I like the game i just don't recommend it in the state that it is in.. YET.I know all about the console commands but the game is just not USER FRIENDLYI love the dynamic and the color. I even like the guns and avatar. All that I feel is that it can make it a heck of a lot easier for the player to JUMP IN and enjoy the game for what it is: a visually capturing and challenging game.I play a lot of games. Believe me, I know all about the console comands. But i don't a gamer should have to spend more than 30 seconds to set up his game before he can enjoy it.Here is what i want:Weapon cycling: It should already be bound to the mouse wheel or to 'E' or something like thatMouse speed/sensitivity: I'm not asking for much. Maybe just bump it up to 25 instead of twenty.A quick tutorial or at least a instruction screen so new players that haven't played twitch shooters like we have.I want these because it makes it easy for the player to just jump in and enjoy. I remember playing the first quake on my old rig. It was nice. I just think that this game has the ability to have these options immediately available as menu item.I'm going to recommend it because I like it. But i certainly don't think it is ready yetNow every stop losing your minds and just play the game if you like it. I know I am."
,Recommended,328070,20004123,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Kaori Nishidake,"For someone who loves Quake, UT and all of the classic arena shooters, I was thrilled when I first heard about Reflex. It's pleasent to look at (at least on the maps where actual textures have been added(BUT THE GUNS ARE GREAT LOOKING TOO!)), it's fun but most important IMO, it requires skill. Reflex offers a collection of weapons similar to Quake 3, a selection of maps that have been thought out and created for competetive play and movement mechanics that will blow your mind due to the amount of fun you can have by simply jumping around any given map on an offline server. Can't wait to see this game go big. 10/10"
,Recommended,328070,12795634,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,h1ght,Great!
,Recommended,328070,27680232,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kondze,"Dobra, ale wyszedl Quake Champions w early access ktory jest lepszy, darmowy, ladniejszy noi to Quake :/Reflex ma te przewage ze jest na steam * takie mocne 8/10 ale sam gram w quaka :( *"
,Recommended,328070,30500509,Posted: 13 March,all,Quoub,"The game is fun but there are some problems.1. Matches last super long. 10 minute 2v2 is insane. The matches are usually decided in the first 2 or 3 minutes, the last 7 to 8 minutes just feel like a chore and are very unencouraging to play reguardless of if you win or lose.2. Matchmaking sucks. As of writing this I have 1 hour and 36 minutes in the game. I spent 20 minutes actually playing the game, the rest were just bunnyhopping around a waiting lobby. I spent over 1 hour finding matches to play, and I only played 20 minutes total. That's the biggest issue.Other than those two issues the game is great. It runs very smoothly as well as having many different graphical settings allowing for most computers to run it. If you want a fast, skill based fps that can be played competitively and casually, give this game a look."
,Recommended,328070,22455351,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,ClassicWorldSpawn,1000x Better than the joke that is Doom4.
,Recommended,328070,33258026,Posted: 4 July,all,..,"This game is a great game. Everything is perfect, except the player base. Buy the game, maybe the four pack. Give to some friends, Tell people about it. This game deserves more."
,Recommended,328070,26670559,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Sam,such a good game
76561198188282910,Not Recommended,328070,31430802,Posted: 28 April,all,dream-boat,Not an active playerbase.
,Recommended,328070,35456714,Posted: 3 October,all,Nappev,"amazinghavent played it much yet, but tis niceits quite different from the quake series in alot of aspects, but feels similar, imo, its much easier to pick up.the bad part about it is the playercount, but theres always a handfull of players playing, be one of them!"
,Recommended,328070,34852466,Posted: 9 September,all,JP,"Why  are people giving this game a bad rating. It's a great game, but... OMG ITS DEAD 0/10It's a good game, please play it and liven it up. The Devs worked hard."
,Recommended,328070,35242492,Posted: 27 September,all,The Crane,"Its actually a really nice gameIntense gameplayInsane skill requirementAnd insanely funThe one problem is, this game dont receive enough attention it deserved, the player base is small which make matchmaking extremely hard, i can only play on servers with high latency and it ruined my exprience in this gameI hope the playerbase will grow so i can find match easier"
,Recommended,328070,34939981,Posted: 13 September,all,Lettuce,"Fantastic game worth buying without a doubt, way more fun than quake champions, excellent netcode"
76561198093115549,Not Recommended,328070,16400274,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Ani,"The game has a solid engine and unfinished, minimalist graphics. While familiarity with Quake helps to get the hang of it, it seems to be much more fast paced and the current small community of veteran arena players will whoop the♥♥♥♥♥of mid tier players. For people who aren't interested in participating in building maps or following the development, this game doesn't offer much more compared to Quake Live right now.The name speaks for itself; if you have polished skills and are interested in a WIP revamp of classic arena shooters, I'd recommend it. For casual players the early acces stage doesn't provide too much for the price.There's definitely some potential here."
,Not Recommended,328070,16194516,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Luke Nukem [Linux Only],"Initially supported due to the promise of a Linux version. the devolopers are now giving off the vibe that it may never come to Linux (or even OSX) due to ""Too much work, and we can't be bothered because we made the engine DirectX only"".Don't promise Linux support, if you won't deliver due to silly design choices."
76561198154682388,Not Recommended,328070,31248393,Posted: 19 April,all,EpicNozy,Dead game. Almost no players on any of the servers.
,Recommended,328070,13258682,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,T.w² | xCobalt,"Though the game is in pre-alpha, it is quite fun and a very competitive game.Anyone that likes quake will love this.I recommend."
,Not Recommended,328070,31202007,Posted: 17 April,all,Manspider,"The gameplay is great fun but there are simply not enough players; it usually takes around 4-8+ minutes to find a ranked duel game at peak time (peak being <150 players). However, if you have an asburd amount of free time to spend in a search lobby or are willing to search for unranked gamemodes (meaning you will regularly be up against veterans and the search time is still regularly 2+ mins), then this is the game for you!I was promised the rebirth of Arena FPS, instead I got 10 minutes of gameplay for every 10 or more minutes I spend searching. Oh, and did I mention how the search times are 10-20+ minutes when it's not peak times? Before writing this review, it took me 17 minutes to find a game which lasted 10 minutes. Last week, I spent 25 minutes searching and didn't find a single game. Don't listen to the reviewers listing reasons to buy this game if they have no argument against the abysmally low player count."
,Recommended,328070,26023667,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Past,The game is still good but no one plays it.
,Recommended,328070,18162136,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Passenger,Holy moly! This game is awesome! Just bought and can't stop playing it!
,Recommended,328070,30036531,Posted: 19 February,all,"Jonas ""Gay"" Penis","hey, thats pretty good"
76561198002064262,Recommended,328070,16270683,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Spatula,This is the perfect arena fps.
76561198121414908,Recommended,328070,22242870,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,psykhe,bring back dev textures!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,328070,30411797,Posted: 9 March,all,Ra_,buy it
76561198378741893,Recommended,328070,31706965,Posted: 12 May,all,Xcaliber64,This game is fast paced and super enjoyable I totally recemmend it for any FPS fan.
76561197972105899,Recommended,328070,16320939,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Poolnoodle,"the way the gun FLYS accross your screen really ♥♥♥♥s up your concentration when aiming, really not liking what i just bought.... and the frame rate for such a basic game seems verrrry low. hmm."
,Recommended,328070,30854424,Posted: 31 March,all,slaywOw~,nice fakin game but many skill player kill me hard . thanks all
,Recommended,328070,17150564,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,ass mucus,10/10 best game
,Recommended,328070,17141964,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,mi.RAGE Miško,
,Recommended,328070,19315451,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,breathinghuman,.
,Recommended,328070,16217274,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,crook,V♥♥♥♥Ing BEAsT!!!!
,Recommended,328070,16579491,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Söapy,lkdjsf
,Recommended,328070,13482485,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Ranger,its a good game but i wish it had auto-jump as an option for new players who are starting to get into the arena shooters and one complaint that i have is that i cant bind my scrollwheel to jump but it is still a great game P.S. can any one tell me the name of the training map i forgot the name
,Recommended,328070,18766675,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Dr.Fay,"If you like quake and find playing Unreal Tournament and other ""Arena Shooters"" to be the equivalent of eating paste and doing remedial math then you'll enjoy reflex."
76561198305031271,Recommended,328070,31254219,Posted: 20 April,all,Sassy Black Lady,"Fun, fast paced gameplay. Looks good. Runs great. It might be just me but the noises are satisfying as hell. Lacking a wide playerbase9/10"
,Recommended,328070,18703047,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Coll,"So, I may have barely anytime on the game. But who cares!Spawned in, got to warm up.Got completely destroyed in a 1v1,But who cares, that guy new it was my first gamehe told me tipshelped me understand the movement, told me to watch a youtuber to get practice,I don't care if this looks bad on the front page, But I love it!So action packed! REALLY nice community,Nice lay out! everything you want in a Action/FPS shooter!"
,Recommended,328070,14655350,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Kelo,yu shot shiiiit X-DDD
76561198048286830,Recommended,328070,14646502,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,steel,Alot of work needs to be done but in this early stage of beta/alpha.... Its quite promising. I would definitely wait for the full game and I recommend buying the early access because its worth to support the game developers and its enjoyable at the same time!
,Recommended,328070,33016259,Posted: 29 June,all,Gemelo,gg
76561197988347450,Recommended,328070,12824214,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,ि ↗CHARNUSKA↖ ी,"Hey an alle !So das Spiel befindet sich noch in Alpha wenn man es  überhaupt so sagen darf ^^Es gibt weder Sound Einstellungen noch Grafik Einstellungen im GameUm die Auflösung zu ändern müsst ihr euch mit der Console herumspielen.Es gibt keine Bots was auch nicht schlimm ist weil das Movement Verdammt Schwer ist (Alle Tricks zu können dauert hier Ewig)So kommen wir zu den 2 Kernen des Spiels , Multiplayer und EditorEditor: Ein Grandioser Editor es ist der selbe editor wie bei Sauerbraten (Cube Engine) also Spaßfaktor Garantiert kennt keine Grenzen ihr könnt alles bauen was ihr wollt (Nach paar Stunden übung ist es nicht mehr schwer).Multiplayer:Der ist echt Klasse aber noch nicht fertig . Zb beim Hosten eines Server gibt es keine Möglichkeit es so einzustellen wie ich es möchte da steht Start Game und Plumps bin ich im Game ohne das ich ne Map  oder die Spieleranzahl oder den Mode ausgewählt habe.Habe mich mit den Hosten nicht befasst denke da wird es auch Commands geben wie man es einrichten kann.Im Ganzen ein Solider Shooter es wird dauern bis zur Final Phase aber ich kann euch jetzt sagen der Mp macht echt Laune . wer die Entwickler Unterstützen will sollte dies kaufen.*Great Game* Cant wait for more Updates ."
76561198009072031,Recommended,328070,13472767,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Murre,Buy it
,Recommended,328070,13601985,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Beavis,Just finish it nothing more needs to be said.
,Recommended,328070,12832431,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Nerdslammer,THE BEST GAME EVER REMADE AND DONE PROPER!The game is pre-alpha and we're already playing it sweating our sacks off.
76561198033547435,Recommended,328070,12976935,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Ham Lord,"Good game, even if you don't like arena fps the map making is fun and you can build a map with other people and jump in and play at any moment in the process, movement is fun and will keep you entertained in itself"
,Recommended,328070,17116333,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Poony_T,"This is the definition of fast paced action FPS. If you liked the Quake and Unreal series of arena shooters, this is the perfect game for you. Early Access, keep in mind.. You can jump in for a quick game when you feel like it, no commitment, just pure shooting, jumping, body-exploding, jump padding FUN!!What I'd like to see added in the future:-Alternate fire modes for weapons-Double Jump / Jetpack burst-Headshot (?) detection-Teleport on commandDamnit, just put everything that Unreal had... LOL I don't have time.. I'm going back in!"
,Recommended,328070,30878561,Posted: 1 April,all,markp,good game
76561198241529442,Recommended,328070,34159350,Posted: 10 August,all,Upside-DownFish,It fun game!!! play now
76561197993373227,Recommended,328070,21179304,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,EliteZerp,I Enjoyed very much the Quake Games and The Unreal Tournaments but when i found this game i was suprised when i saw it and buyed and tested it it was a great Game ill give you 10/10 Developers!
,Recommended,328070,18819775,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Brutal Ass Master,Solid gameplay with lots of potential.A Linux release would certainly be nice.
,Recommended,328070,13354661,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,ben,more like quake live remake amirite
76561198210752056,Recommended,328070,14845810,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Xhozt,Love it .. hope it takes off .
,Recommended,328070,12891265,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,mhwk,"Quake and TF2-ish mix, which will probably be one of the best arena based games ever made. There still is a lot more work to be done (optimalisation and stuff...) but it's playable and enjoyable even at this stage of development."
,Recommended,328070,16942175,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,amerika guy 2005,)
76561198064016669,Recommended,328070,30402756,Posted: 8 March,all,y0do,"YES.The FPS arena genre was  the most affected by the changes in regard to the spread and the commercialization of videogames in the last fifteens years.FPS arena was too difficult, it required a strong dedication, and so it is vanished or becomed very semplified.Everytime I see a game like this coming out, I feel very happy, especially when it is a f.ucking well made game.This is fragging like it's 99 (for real, not like some other says)"
,Recommended,328070,12857170,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Newbrict,fun!
,Not Recommended,328070,30482595,Posted: 12 March,all,moso,"This game is simply amazing. I get bored with some slow paced strategy games. Was looking for a fun Arena/FPS game. Found this, and it. is. superb. Super fast paced, mental, flick-shot, chaotic, high dpi, of a game. Does take some time to get used to it. Easy to pick-up, hard to master.If you see this, and you like fast paced FPS. Get this game. This game deserves more people playing it. The engine is solid, never drop frames. (unless you join a server of 16 people just using rockets) The netcode is FLAWLESS.4/3 tricycle wheels.UPDATE: I have a RX 480 and the more time I put into the game the faster it crashes. It crashes for me every few minutes in game. Others are having this problem too. Until fixed I have changed my review to negative."
,Recommended,328070,13822353,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Fore,10/10 Would kill Fyrop again
,Recommended,328070,15131046,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Hulter,"Very good game. but no crouching, zooming or seeing anything because nolla visibility 100% particle effects."
,Recommended,328070,26281697,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,sg indy | gamekit.com,"Alright, so I bought this game again, and I like it now. It's pretty tight, the community's good, and my ping got better since the first time I wrote this review. So we're alright, me and Reflex. Good game if you're a fan of arena shooters. Although, if you want a specifically Unreal Tournament based experience, either go for Toxikk or the new reboot."
76561198099228168,Recommended,328070,17122527,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Slimak,"Pros:It is basically copy of Q3A (same weapons, same movement physics) with different maps.Cons:It is basically copy of Q3A (same weapons, same movement physics) with different maps."
76561198047801490,Recommended,328070,21295591,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Zeckurbo,A relly fun game for everyone who likes quakeI think the only downside is that the weapons could look something more bad♥♥♥♥
76561198105879647,Recommended,328070,24802167,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,rαZ ❤ VACporn,"Quake clone in new graphics. Has potential, though. We will see.. Btw if you wanna see some sick plays go yt - check a player playing this game called AZK. He was a CS:GO pro now turned to OverWatch I think but he played Reflex aswell and hes♥♥♥♥♥♥♥nuts."
,Recommended,328070,14777455,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,-25,Good quake's clone
,Recommended,328070,16817516,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Lemonade,dead game
,Recommended,328070,23973295,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Memebender,I'm reviewing from the year 2039; Reflex is still in Early Access.
,Recommended,328070,34072111,Posted: 6 August,all,TimeForTacoBell,Quake 3 Arena Remastered
,Not Recommended,328070,23769120,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,vorpal,don't bother with artificially high skill cap games that barely have any playersthe movement is pointlessly difficultalso ctf players (who are really low skill in duel) will flame all new players in their games relentlessly so you can enjoy that aspect of learning the game tooanyone who recommends this game doesn't actually play it or is really bad at iti got tricked into learning the game as a kid. all i gotta say is don't fall for it the time aint refundable
,Not Recommended,328070,27641908,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,jaiss585,"Fun and fast, QuakeWorld style. Major issue: NO matchmaking. You can have rank 2 and be in a game with rank 60 and be completelty smashed. It's not for a couple of games, you should dedicate time to make some frags."
,Recommended,328070,20205567,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,www.twitch.tv/mag cs.money,Very Fun as like a time waster type mini game i.e  i play it when im bored of cs.
,Not Recommended,328070,34247013,Posted: 14 August,all,ItsTheMr.C,good game but they ♥♥♥♥ed matchmaking cant host own games only way to find them is in quick play so u cant even search for servers in groups and there not enough ppl or even servers to begin with.
,Recommended,328070,34681831,Posted: 2 September,all,helo^^,"its not bad but,go play quake live,its way much better"
76561197999716244,Not Recommended,328070,35457948,Posted: 3 October,all,escro,this game sucks!!
,Recommended,328070,23812947,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,らм으ДкョR☒ φεελ,ded
,Recommended,328070,19137806,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,visitor,"The game itself is pretty good for a quake clone, though the physics are not at all as precise as e.g. Quake 3.The multiplayer map editor is easy to use, and makes testing much easier than it was in older titles.Some of the management and quite a few of the players are absolute morons, though.Ultimately, you will be playing a fundamentally flawed yet fun game against total cretins.The dregs of the internet. Seriously low forms of life.Do not under any circumstances attempt to communicate with them.They will confuse your use of language with a threat display and respond aggressively."
,Not Recommended,328070,32059855,Posted: 30 May,all,Lion Heart,"the player base is none existent, i got a refund after unacceptable wait times for games."
76561197970907520,Not Recommended,328070,34380231,Posted: 20 August,all,brozy,"this game might be great, but sadly, i'll never know. matchmaking doesn't seem to find one single player and if there's an offline-mode, i didn't find it."
76561198176921411,Not Recommended,328070,32354686,Posted: 11 June,all,Krob,"Fun game,  just not enough players to justify a purchase. Overall just spend your 9.99$ somewhere else."
,Not Recommended,328070,31124141,Posted: 13 April,all,Krovash,"I've purchased this as an early access title back in 2015 and in 2 years this game barely had any development progress.Main menu got a redesign, some weapons were changed, but overall the game looks exactly like it did in 2015, it's very blocky and IT BARELY HAS TEXTURES FFS: all of the surfaces in game are only colored, there's no texture specific information on surfaces (like scratches for example). This would've been alright for an early access title, but for an actual release it's very weak. It seems like devs pushed the game up to a certain point and then just got fed up with it and said ""To hell with this, throw on the market as is"".Ingame 3d models are extremely basic and feel like they were done by a group of amateurs. For the guns it's basically a bunch of cylinders and boxes stitched together with superglue. Rocket launcher is just a red tube. The design is uninspired, did this game even have concept artist working on it?Soundwork is kind of a mixed bag. The sound quality isn't bad, but gun shots for example simply lack the personality.  You can definately tell various gun shots apart, which is the most important thing, but because they sound so basic makes it just boring to listen to.Maps feel way too tight, which is a huge issue. One of the most important things in this game is moving at the fastest speed possible and navigating corridors corridors that can fit 2 persons at once at a speed like that is not a comfortable experience, just as you start gaining speed, you'll bump into something. Not a single map in this game has personality, they're all basically a bunch of boxes stringed together with corridors, everything's terribly blocky and i guess it was done simply to reduce visual clutter and make players easily distinguishable in the environment.....but that's not the case, some maps have areas with poor lighting where other players aren't seen as easily.This game fails terribly in artistic department, which is a shame because it works fine on a mechanical level. That's right, all of the small nuances of classic arena shooters like Quake are there. There's rocket jumping, plasma climbing, strafe jumping and more, they even added bots so that you can have some beginner training before you start going online.....only to find out there's like 30 people that play this game.I'm gonna conclude this review with the following:Wait untill a miracle happens and this game gains popularity, because all of the criticism of this game can be looked over if there were a lot of people playing it, but that is not the case at the moment (it currently has no more than 30-40 people playing daily).This game works on a mechanical level, but it is a disaster in an artistic department. One of the reasons why people loved classic arena shooters (apart from mechanics and high skill level required) was the fact those games had PERSONALITY, maps were built to represent something, even if they looked blocky at the time.DO NOT BUY THIS GARBAGE! There's Unreal Tournament 4, which is free and there's Quake Champions (also a confirmed free to play) being in the works, which looks and plays light years ahead of this steaming pile of crap."
,Recommended,328070,21258560,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,issue,"If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients:1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter2. 1/2 cup white sugar3. 1/2 cup brown sugar4. 1/4 cup water5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon6. 1 pinch salt7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced8. 1 pastry for double-crust pieDirections:1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing.Eat."
,Not Recommended,328070,32741283,Posted: 24 June,all,Mito - quéota,"Spend 20 minutes playing, more than 10 minutes was spend at lobby searching match. Up to 5 min of play time from getting smashed in a x1.The 4x4 matches and team is still a mith for me. Revive the community plz devs, maybe making a ftp like dota, lol, battlerite and earn money by heros, weapons, skins and other cosmetical itens."
,Not Recommended,328070,17591208,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,🅱,its like call of duty without the ADS
,Recommended,328070,30400560,Posted: 8 March,all,Frederick the Gr8,yes...yes...YESSSS!
,Not Recommended,328070,30457807,Posted: 11 March,all,nvz |,Absolutely not worth the purchase if you were a fan of CPMA and the gameplay was botched.  It is a good game but I don't reccommend to anyone if you're not a hardcore arena first person shooter fan.  The community is filled with a pretty toxic community (including myself) and offers very little low-mid skill players to get good.This was a successor to CPMA Quake 3 which was a successful mod for the game. It is still played today.  It improved on a lot of cool features like matchmaking and widgets but it still is not as good as CPMA's gameplay.  Not even close.
,Not Recommended,328070,13851268,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,buzzyboyo,"Not a bad game at all, in fact I enjoy it a lot, it did its job completely in reminding me of old school arena shooters. Unfortunately, its a little too alpha to be fully enjoyed as of yet...once it's update though it has the potential to have my butt glued to my chair for hours on end.Do I recommend it? Well, of course...but not yet. Wait until it's out of alpha or at least for a few more updates."
,Not Recommended,328070,20667012,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Schmuserkadser,"not worth it  , its fun but  100 hp + 200 amor  is to long , fun game but ballancing is still a long way ahead and for a gamei was looking for a game to run shoot  and kill with aim not  a game where you need 3 hits with a rocket launcher   to make -100 armor -100 armor -100 hp .i love fast  games , aim shoot  , kill .a little dissapointed it looked like it could be fun , but servers  seem to be dead  on EU  anyway"
76561198057839297,Not Recommended,328070,30654782,Posted: 21 March,all,VK,♥♥♥♥♥game. No point dueling when rockets instakill and maps are so ♥♥♥♥ing small that you spawn in front of your enemy no matter what.
76561198010207540,Not Recommended,328070,20651378,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,guitarreichon,"This game has been in development since 2012, on Steam since 2014, and still it doesn't support the most common resolution in the world for fullscreen: 1366x768. Can't be done via commands (r_resolution_fullscreen) or by cfg editing. That ultimately means the majority of people in the world can't play this game full screen, neither can I, and if it doesn't support that one then I'm sure there's many others unsupported. Great.That alone goes to show the painfully slow development of this game (3 years and the very basics aren't covered like supporting fullscreen), and that your money would be better spent in already finished games.The other thing that was discouraging for me to give it a second try was looking at the Steamcharts data. Google it yourself: this game has 30 players in the whole world, the vast majority in Europe, therefore even if you make this game work still you won't find a match. Fantastic."
,Not Recommended,328070,20521757,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,ZtriDer,"So, is this a good game? I will say yes and no.First the good part. It is a challenging game that will push the players. Good competitive FPS players will have a blast with it.So the bad….The question is what is the intent with the game?To get as many players as possible to play, and maybe earn some cash on the game? Or is it just a game with “proof of concept” and they try out new way to play?This game is not like any other competitive game that is out there. Any game that is out there can be easily played. This game can not. The movement is a core part of the game, where  maps take advantage of the movement system. If you can’t do this advanced movement, you can’t get around wry well.This game hates new players. The way you have to move is beyond hard. You may even call it “extremesports” in movement.Think that you are out driving, the way you drive is that each wheal has its own engine, steering and braking. Left wheel is connected to a left joy-stick. Right wheel is connected to a right joy-stick. Left and right rear wheel is connected to a left and right pedal that also turns.Now you use both your arms and feet to steer and control each individual wheel, and you are out driving on winter road. It works at low speed but try some harder driving and you are ♥♥♥♥ed up.That is what this game is.The concept is cool, and the challenge is a breath of fresh air, but there is problems.Only a few select players will “master” the movement of the game, that is how hard it is. This players will wrack havoc among everyone. They will be pure monsters vs normal players.New players will meet a rockwall and bounce back. I will think that most players will turn around and find another game that does not have this steep learning curve.There is a TON of games out there that can be used as an example that too steep learning curve is not good for the game.Then you have the map itself. With this advanced movement system, maps will be made where you will have to use these advanced movements. “Monsters” will be able to take full advantage of the map, get to armor and weapons that will be “hard to get to” unless you can move around properly. New players will not be able to do this.How many hours do you think players should play just to get the feel of the general movement? 40 hours? 60 hours?I fear that this game will collide as fast as it is out, and new players will refund the price.With the immense learning curve (with movement that many players will not even be able to do), players like monsters that will chew them up and spit them out, and maps that is favorable to the skilled players and not normal players, this game will end up with a small playerbase just like all other high-skilled games.In the end the advanced movement is taking so much away from the shooting part of the game. It does not matter if you can shoot if you can’t get to where you need to be.This game is not for the crowd, it is for the select few who can master the movement."
76561198139706133,Not Recommended,328070,25256824,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Yuri fan,"I would like to say I like this game, but because of the low player base and no one in Australia plays it. I'm going to give it a not recomended.Skill based shooters and 600 ping lag don't go well together."
,Not Recommended,328070,31465293,Posted: 30 April,all,Reerk,Waste of money.
,Not Recommended,328070,30480454,Posted: 12 March,all,PsyЯen,"The game is literally dead, bought it and asked for refund in the same day."
,Not Recommended,328070,13515821,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,fraac,"Possibly excellent. I've no way of knowing as it freezes before even getting to the loading screen. Very alpha atm, unrecommendable."
,Not Recommended,328070,24507769,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,electric jesus,"Yet another blatant Quake ripoff, this time with microtransactions and ugly, cheap-looking Team Fortress 2 graphics (which are surprisingly resource-demanding, thus giving constant framerate drops). The devs are too busy to fix the optimisation, they need to make more paid cosmetic items. This game is already dead. Get Quake Live instead."
,Not Recommended,328070,24565083,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,pallinkarvarusetti,One of the worst quake copies I've played.
,Not Recommended,328070,24640453,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,JEWISH GLUESTICK,"You never get into a full game with this one, The game is too fast and has players that rate you for your level and hours. I've only played this game for 1 hour, and I have gotten into atleast 3 half full games of try hard and very competitive players that are die hard fans of this game. If you like fast past competitive FPS shooters that are empty and none wildish then this game is for you. However for me that's not really my type of style in a video game."
,Not Recommended,328070,21159235,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,cone,"Instead of improving gameplay and adding new maps (preferrably larger), they decided to add pointless weapon skins and attempt to take the easy route to popularity. Play something else, there are other arena shooters with an actual active player base."
,Not Recommended,328070,17122318,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,ArmoredPopTart,"The game is in Alpha, but like so early that no one should be playing, and well no one is. There was about 15 people on in total. The old quake and unreal still have 100 and more on them and I'd recommend them a hundred times more then this.The game claims to be a modren 90s shooters. Except it feels sluggish, the weapon pick ups are confusing on the maps, you have no clue that you picking any thing up.The art is very simplistic, no textures. Except the characters which are over complicated for the maps art style.The developers are incredibly ambitious. They have great plans. Planned for competive, training, spectating. But right now its not there.Maybe when the game is out of alpha it could be really good, but right now it looks, and feels like your playing a tech demo more then anything."
,Not Recommended,328070,21938860,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,v1rus_,"I really like the gameplay! But Idk if it's just me, but I can't find hardly anyone playing?"
,Not Recommended,328070,25789094,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,CorniestCorn,"A non existent playerbase in New Zealand and Australian servers. You might find one player with high ping at best. Sad, because it looks like a fun game."
,Not Recommended,328070,17525083,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Chiamires,"Right now i can't recommend it.There is no art-style at all, wich is really dissapointing. I find Art-style in games very important. The rocket launcher (wich is the only 'actual' designed weapon in the game) look and feel amazing, I couldn't imagine a game that had that kind of art-style and feel, but no. They stated in the forums that they are going to re-make the art-style into a blocky and more cartoony style, wich i dislike very much. I think Realistic/rusty theme fits much better. I like the explosions, though.  But now, Let's get out of art and in to gameplay.EDIT: not to mention that most people who play this game at all is pro veteran quake players who kill any newbie they can find, so prepare to suck really hard at this game.The game play is fast and smooth, it feels good to rocket-jump and frag people. But i hate one thing; You start out with ALL the weapons in the game each match. (some guys stated to me that this was just a gamemode, too bad all the active servers only has this gamemode) I find that very dissapointing since i enjoyed running around and searching for different kind of weapons on the arena in games like 'Quake' and similiar.5/10It's fun to play the first couple of minutes until you get bored of the bland art-style and the lack of content. (did i forgot to mention that?)My tip is to wait and see where the game comes until you buy it. Or download that free quake game on steam instead. Only buy if you are a ultra hardcore competetive quake fan."
,Not Recommended,328070,16387149,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Oven,"just felt like quake to me, didnt feel like playing a rehash.Just not for me"
,Not Recommended,328070,19957578,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Bumpydominator44,"This game is still in early acces, and it has been in it for a while. I Have only played it for 11 minutes for good reason.The game constantly crashes and even if it does work, the game has barely any players on it. Some guns don't even have textures yet.Maybe when it goes into beta, it might be worth buying, but for now. I'm going to get a refund."
,Not Recommended,328070,20999052,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,1XanXus0,"At the begining this game was like Quakes CPM Mod. It was fast, had good balanced weapon damage and it had real potential I would have gladly given it a 9/10. Now after a few updates that destroyed the game I can't recommend it anymore. It's slower than at the beginning, the characters are to big and easy to aim at, the weapon switch delay was increased, they destoyed the balancing of the damage, the gravity makes it realy easy to aim at someone whos in the air and the servers are full of hackers. Even Quake Live is now better than this game throught the help of the workshop support.  This game is now oriented at casual gamers and not aimed at those who loved fast pased fps from older days.I searched for games that were as challanging as Quake III CPM or Ureal Tournament 2004 was and this was realy good. I played it for hours with friends but now we don't even have it instaled anymore.tl:drI dont recommend it to those who search for a game like quake 3 cpm. I Reccomend playing quake live with a mod that enables the use of cpm ruling.for casual gamers it's a game that can be fun but there are a lot of hackers online so don't get frustrated if you lose.It' my first Review and I'm not a native english speaker so have mercy ;D"
76561198020277247,Not Recommended,328070,26355670,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Sennbremmel,Avoid at all costs.  The so praised playerbase is almost non existent. If you find a game you get splattered across the wall by inhuman reflexes and of course superior map knowledge. Don't buy it if you did refund it. It tries to be quake and it does sound and look ok but ultimately avoid it. Dead on arrival.
76561197992364381,Not Recommended,328070,15442972,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,mikeftb,"Quake clone with some small changes, that caters to a small percenage of an already small community.Hopefully this game can do better then all of the other clones that have come before it, and attract a player base, but I don't think that is likey or even possible given the track record of all the other failed clones."
,Not Recommended,328070,16884622,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,krusher99,To simply put it. Really high ping servers
,Not Recommended,328070,15957941,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Carl™,"You want to play a fun game with populated servers?Try something else!No servers in the US are populated, so unless you live in Germany (which is the only place that has an active server), you're ♥♥♥♥ed!"
,Not Recommended,328070,20158240,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,rctic;v,♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,328070,22403858,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Fazer,"I love this game and I saw lots of potential for it, but unfortunately the lack of ANY servers keeps me away.I really hoped this game would be the Quake 3 to Toxxik's Unreal and maybe there would be some sort of friendly rivalry, but it just doesn't stand a chance now that the new Unreal Tournament (which is free) is coming out and the DOOM reboot is just around the corner.Unless you plan to have frequent LAN parties with this game, I'd save your money."
,Not Recommended,328070,20342179,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Vic Rattlehead,Me:  Just ♥♥♥♥ my art direction up famTurbo Pixel Studios: You sure you do want some microtransactions with that?Me: Do it
,Not Recommended,328070,30458989,Posted: 11 March,all,1445,"The game is amazing if you love Quake-arena, but you need to play it with a ping  below 50 or you are going to get rekt, if you live in america, but not in usa or brazil DON'T PLAY THIS GAME, the ping is going kill you .... hey devs please try to make a system for decrease the ping impact (like the dota 2 ping system or something like that)."
,Not Recommended,328070,23813630,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,nougat,"I like the idea, but even though it says ""if you've played quake, you'll like the old school style"", the game is pretty much uncanny to quake in everyway besides the game look. It looks futuristic, but it's the same weapons, they just do different. Some of the dmg consistent weapons in quake have been copied so well, that it does the exact same amount of damage.Too much like a game I already have in my library (quake live)."
,Not Recommended,328070,15898667,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Drake's Ghostwriter,it was 5 bucks
,Not Recommended,328070,18448039,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,earn504,Save your money and play Quake instead
,Not Recommended,328070,18660179,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,щипломет,want my money back...
76561198137770520,Not Recommended,328070,14300081,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Sneaky Ploonko,"Non-playable, even for pre-alpha early access.  Had to play 10 minutes to see it's just non-functioning and just crappy programming on the part of the devs.  I bought it based on the advertisement that it was playable and had similar mechanics to quake.  I went on a public server, and simply could do nothing.  Most servers are down or with no-one on, and when playing by myself to check out the game, I was appaled at the lag.  Even with a good computer and 15 ping, in a single-player game, so laggy that I could do next to nothing.  Don't waste your time or money, I wish I could get my 7$ back :("
,Not Recommended,328070,17113602,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,playtime,To many Wuss's in the game dont buy.
76561198042079055,Not Recommended,328070,22604312,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Tentacle Grape,"Came looking for quake, that is still alive and not broken like current oneSo far balance of game is broken, everyone runs with rocket launcher, which has faster projectile speed than in q3, and is 1hit kill, if enemy didn't have time to find any additional protection. Other weapons are pretty much pointless at this point.Maybe some day it will be better, then I'll change my review"
,Not Recommended,328070,14438860,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,CryStooS,"10€ for this!?Better play Quake or Unreal Tournament. I don't see nothing interesting in this game. Optimalisation is f*cked up [cant reach 30 FPS], weapons are identical as that in the Quake, but only Rocket Launcher looks like Rocket Launcher, rest of the weapons just looks like imitations of pistol, every one in other colour. There is one map, it looks like one of the Quake maps, but There aren't any textures of walls, stairs, floors or something... Just a square bitmap.When i'd like to play online, i couldn't find a server with small ping, every server had 200+ ms.It's just my opinion, but I tell you: If you pay 10€ for this game you'll regret like me."
76561198162819901,Not Recommended,328070,17121639,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,catman446 wildcase.com,sooooo meny hackers 3/10
,Not Recommended,328070,20946870,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,EXtraDonut,This is Shootmania...
,Not Recommended,328070,30750409,Posted: 26 March,all,omae wa mou shindeiru,easy bhop worst shotgun and lightning gun ever madeanother quake copy bahh
76561197963216119,Not Recommended,328070,19712543,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,DasSchaf [GRL],"***Will the game be priced differently during and after Early Access?“We haven't decided on any future price changes to Reflex but once you own the game, you own it forever. There will be no additional costs when the game is final and no maps or modes will ever be locked behind a paywall.” ******There will be no additional costs when the game is final******no additional costs******no costs***NO NO NO1 Year later... ***Items available for this game*** between 2,79€ - 46,99€...I enjoyed to play this game but please go **** yourself...Developer: Nice, our community has up to 25 players (source: steamcharts)... lets add some microtransaction...Sorry guys, Im out of this."
,Not Recommended,328070,34823899,Posted: 8 September,all,deusprogrammer,Literally a reskin of Quake 3 and Quake 3: Team Arena.
,Not Recommended,328070,19829913,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,GreenKnight,"This game tries so hard to be retro and fun but fails on the end.- only 8 guns, almost all lasers; there are no machine guns or grenades- Terrible graphics and the game is always blury- constant server and game joining issues.Fun look and retro soundtrack but overall look elesewhere."
,Not Recommended,328070,30429226,Posted: 10 March,all,Blaze Theil,"The game itself isn't that great, but the bugs and other random annoyances make it unplayable."
,Not Recommended,328070,13662657,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Kv4Nt,"Считайте что купили CPMA или Warsow, Как поставил игра жутко лагала, искал в гугле конфиг по настройке тк настроек графики и управления как таковых нет(((.После настройки решил сыграть с кем нибудь. Что мы имеем 10 серваков и только на одном играло 3 человека дуэль. Короче игра так себе - тежи яйца только в профиль. Скорей всего не взлетит ни когда, такие игры были популярны в 90-х годах, а не сейчас.Короче удалил и вам не советую, хотите поиграть арену идите в Quake Live или ждите новый Unreal Tournament, а эту игру проходите мимо. 3/10"
,Not Recommended,328070,13098689,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Frederick Barbarossa,"No local servers, really requires friends to play with beforehand"
,Not Recommended,328070,23825033,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,muzikizum,Save your money dont buy this trash game
,Not Recommended,328070,30406995,Posted: 9 March,all,s2d,this game is like cpma for monkeys
,Not Recommended,328070,32919026,Posted: 28 June,all,DAMN THATS NUTTY BRO,Bargain bin quake with a dead community. Even quake champions is better than this piece of garbage
,Not Recommended,328070,12855952,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Rusty Shackleford,"The game does not launch so I can't recommend it yet, but it seems that the developers will be hard at work getting the game to launch eventually. Unfortunately it was advertised as ""playable""Edit: Developers seem to have found what is causing this problem for people, hopefully it will be fixed soon."
,Not Recommended,328070,26059691,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,onion,not good
,Not Recommended,328070,25794250,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,n1cecream,"this game is a POS. Its basically a CPMA simulator , like wow and you expect people to pay for this. I would get a refund but i've played too much hours on it. The railgun is crappy, the aesthetic is pretty much robot toys, just really bad.  do not reccomend."
,Not Recommended,328070,12814243,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,[ZM] Darkflame,"Way way too alpha at the moment (no proper graphical settings and only one gun model actually finished etc).I like the fact you can create custom maps within the game its self though, will update this review when the game has got to the point of worth buying."
,Not Recommended,328070,12866923,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Balisong is life,"My computer has outstanding preformance in my opinion, It costed 1200 dollars and I can run every game I have but this fairly simple game gives it tons of trouble. I can run every game I have but this one. It would be a super fun game if it weren't for the lag though so i'm fairly dissapointed in this one."
,Not Recommended,328070,12845261,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,🐸young savant,TEN FRAMES PER SECOND
,Not Recommended,328070,12868485,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Ben,"1 map, no servers, no resolution options."
,Not Recommended,328070,12859553,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Krocsyldiphic,undeveloped quake parody
,Not Recommended,328070,34331911,Posted: 18 August,all,if i lose its your fault,"Haha don't waste your money, this is just a low skilled copy of Overwatch. Why would any of you play this trash when it's basically the exact same thing as Overwatch except any braindead retard can play this, and it has 1/100th of the content Overwatch has.Refunded"
,Recommended,328070,18870688,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Màk,Great game with alot of potential! I have been waiting for years for someone to bring  90's arena fps back to life! Hopefully this is it!best of luck guys
76561198151684075,Recommended,328070,18890070,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,REIKO,"10/10 Quake copy, looks nice and runs well,AMDF Phenom II x4 975 4.00GHzNvidia GeForce GTX660 Ti"
,Recommended,328070,18849352,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Belial,"just like quake. if u liked that, ull love this!"
76561198169324037,Recommended,328070,18844733,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,^1CrAzY^3 GrAnDpA,Reflex is fun an fast paced.
,Recommended,328070,19244267,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,FuryForce,Looks good I like this game alot in terms of how much potential i can see coming to it. Controls are tight and fast. If you like UT CPMA or Quake3Arena take a few mins to look this one over!
,Recommended,328070,19289773,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Surprize,"Very good work, perfomance and ui improved a lot since first time I played this game."
,Recommended,328070,19313604,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Suicide Critic,"Buy now.Very good q3a spiritual successor.  Very fun.  Weapon balance, netcode, and hitboxes are all very well done.  Needs more people to join."
,Recommended,328070,29407654,Posted: 21 January,all,ckap =],"the fixed grenadesI love Reflex.  This game is the only game since Counter-Strike: Source that I've had heart in.  There's something endearing about shooting at high velocity robots that isn't available in games anymore.  Reflex is a beautiful game that I wouldn't trade for the world.Pros:No silly weapon gimmicks (@UT)Beautiful artSmooth movement once you learn how to control your pawnActive, dedicated (albiet small), and supportive communityHigh level of competition in both NA and EU (@Necro and @Ramagan respectively)Ranked MatchMaking system to find equal skilled playersEasy to use level editor for those who want to try their hand at level designNo ultsNo ""special abilities""(mostly) skill based gameplayBullets go where you point (@CSGO)Multiview replaysCan run on a piece of toilet paperExtremely customizable HUD, sounds, and effectsReflexLeague.organd various tournaments (last ""major"" tourney was BunnyCup)Devs actually care about top player opinions (@CSGO)Red armor isn't made of paper (@QL)Cons:Grenades are 100% luck basedin fightsi swear to god if i get killed when i have 200h200a with 4 direct grenades one more ♥♥♥♥ing time i will actually stab kev in real lifeSeveral of the maps in the competitive pool are absolute garbage (but this is also the case in CSGO, QL, and OW)Movement makes absolutely no sense unless you spend time perfecting it (but this is also the case in CSGO, QL, and OW)Once you hit Diamond+ in ranked it's hard to find players unless you have them added on Steam or PM them in DiscordNo serverside plugins (which means no anticheat outside of VAC)Not a lot of money in prize moneyThose are honestly all of the negatives I could think of.  Here's the best part of Reflex, though:the developers are aware of the issues.Prize pots have been increasing from as little as $5 two years ago to $200 this year."
,Recommended,328070,13471045,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,BlackBeard,"The game is still far from finished and the servers are pretty dead, but I always at least find two other players. It's tons of fun. A good replacement for Quake3 Arena. I'm also hoping that it gets picked up as an e-sport."
,Recommended,328070,13807343,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Açylus,"WARNING: Do not get this unless you can really handle what true Early Access is. There is almost no content, most of even the basic features aren't there, just the core features.The controls feels great, motion is fluid, guns still have placeholder art but its more or less the same selection as Quake.Aesthetically, even with most placeholder art, it's very pretty and I commend them on the use of lighting.It can potentially be the best modern arena shooter."
,Recommended,328070,13699860,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Lie,I've never been more satisfied with a game. Reflex brings back that old-school arena fps we miss. Heavily inspired by CPMA. Please support these developers and purchase this gem.
,Recommended,328070,13896580,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Hellgardia,I played it only a little bit since it still doesn't have a lot of content (pre-alpha stage) but the movement feels right and the basis for a successful arena-shooter are there. It just needs much more content (which will come further along the line i bet) and much more players.
,Recommended,328070,14412074,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,~Lux Tenebris~,This game has a good start. Missing textures and weapon models are mostly place holders at this time.But this is early access.The game has a twitchy speed just like quake 1 quake 2 and quake 3.The weapons are similar to what you might have seen before in twitch shooters.The game has a unique map editor that is easier to use than most and lets you switch between map editing and map testing on the fly with a press of a button.
76561197995450670,Recommended,328070,14538607,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Apache neckbeard,I dont ever write reviews especially for an early access game but reflex is headed in the right direction! Though this game is in its early stages the foundation that they have layed out is extemely smooth a functional. If youre a fan of QUAKE and like alot of movement in your FPS games then this game has the potential to impress. Give it a shot but be mindful this game is BARE BONES at the moment!!
76561198019217405,Recommended,328070,16315414,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Asian girls are better,"This is a great game for anyone who enjoys skill based movements games.I know a lot of people come from Quake, but I personally never played it an always enjoyed kz, surf and bhop in the Counter Strike series, and I'm not going to leave it soon. BUY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,328070,15854484,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Spookies,"Fast Paced, Action Packed, Full of Excitement, Great ga- Wait, am I talking about your mom?"
76561198024926514,Recommended,328070,15845791,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Griffin,awesome fast pace shoot 'em up and if ur not sure if u want to buy this i would recommend play quake live as it every similarcan wait for more content and hopefully even more people will join in on the hectic mayhem
,Recommended,328070,15848543,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Corkin,10/10 kappa
,Recommended,328070,16044369,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,boxr BeaveZ,"Getting rekt almost every match, still insanely fun though."
,Recommended,328070,16588834,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,I MIKE C I,This game is fun.
,Recommended,328070,16542408,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Goob,>joined a game>got killed instantly>tried bunnyhopping away from people>half the people rocket jump off the walls and chase me down10/10 would play again
,Recommended,328070,18337212,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,aether,JUST BUYYY
,Recommended,328070,18347494,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,fusion,Game would be fun if people actually played it
,Recommended,328070,18714081,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,MadeYouLooK,Funnest game ever if you are into fast paced shooters.
76561198039659021,Recommended,328070,18714538,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,yrs,like quake with nipples buy it
,Recommended,328070,18723802,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,I don't know what to call myself,"First Impressions (I'm not very picky, unlike some people):- A promising game. Will be fun to practice my *reflexes*.- Graphics are nice and simple with lots of colours, although they need to optimise a couple of settings.- It feels really fast and fluid - you would hope it would lol.- Lots of really cool gamemodes, lots of playability.- Will need more people playing though, otherwise it'll just end up with everyone sticking to only a couple of gamemodes.- A couple of bugs, though nothing actually that bad."
76561198218010352,Recommended,328070,18788539,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,emulgator,"Best FPS Arena game out there. No more, no less. Smooth and hard to master movement mechanics, weapons with great feel. Highly recommended for oldschool fps players and people searching for proper skill-based fps."
,Recommended,328070,12895139,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,idk,"Reflex is quick, intense, simple, and downright unforgiving. While still in its infancy with just the bare essentials it does however have the potential to truly generate a competitive following.If Turbo Pixel Studios continues to communicate with the community and collaborate back and forth effectively I think we will witness the true revival of the old-school arena shooter."
,Recommended,328070,12833497,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,alltimeslucky,RESPECT THE PACO!
,Recommended,328070,12835340,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,zlr,"This is what the Quake community has needed since Q4 failed.Sometimes you just have to do things yourself to get it done right. The community has always modded games to be much better than the standard or 'vanilla' that big game developers push out. It's about time we stopped waiting for developers to get an arena FPS game right and do it ourselves.Much respect for the Reflex team, I will be supporting them all that I can."
,Recommended,328070,12800870,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,rakz,"Sensacional/Very good game.Tanto potencial e nenhum investidor firme na empresa..Jogo em progresso, está em beta, mas já é melhor que muitos outros.."
,Recommended,328070,12813408,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,8avian,"Hi,I have followed(silently) from the beginning and supported the game. I must say the game is already what i hoped it to be, an modern fast paced fps with solid movement mechanics, fast engine and cool graphics. I hope this game will be completed with all the mentioned features and becomes a standard in the fps gaming scene. I wish all he best to the team.Thanks"
11111121111122221,Recommended,328070,12813558,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,steeltion,Beautiful.
,Recommended,328070,12808135,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,capodecima,Feel satisfaction after playing this game.  I have my eye on this game now. Keep up good work guys!
,Recommended,328070,12919913,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,[Thc] QupQakes,Its an arena shooter thats for sure. the weapons as of right now dont feel the greatest and hit detection seems a bit off for some reason. the movement is ok as it is. the map editing in game is a bit tricky to grasp at first and isnt the most intuitive thing but i like that its there. im hoping to see some improvements to the game overall as it is still in early access
76561198084584739,Recommended,328070,14006807,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Babbage,"I'm very interested to see how this game turns out when it's out of alpha.  So far it looks very promising, but clearly in an alpha stage of development."
,Recommended,328070,12967073,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,milkflow,"While still being an early access -title, Reflex already manages to deliver an extremely solid experience that underlines how seriously the developers take their game. Features that are not polished are left off until they are up to the level of quality that the game stands for. This ensures that while there is less content available for now, the available content is rock-solid. With only two available game types, Duel and Free for all, the game in its current state caters best to the lovers of old school games who find excitement in the simplicity and in competition against other players.While the game and the developeres continously underline that the audiovisual content of the game is 99% placeholder material, the game already looks great, and especially the the lighting and particle effects look beautiful. To put this into perspective, the game currently comes with only one high quality weapon model with the rest of the weapons being displayed as differently colored versions of the same basic model. From the point of gameplay, however, this is not a hindrance of any kind, as the distinction between colours is clear enough after a few minutes with the game.A minor gripe comes from the demanding specs of the game at the time of writing, but a fairly recent PC seems to handle the game without any issues, and the performance of the game is going to be enhanced as the game matures.Reflex brings an interesting concept to the table with in-game level editing. While it still lacks a lot of the required UI elements to actually make it accessible to players old and new, the idea of allowing anyone to create and edit maps within the comfort of the game itself is very promising. This feature will definitely lower the gap to picking up mapmaking, as no further software or technical knowhow is required.In short, Reflex is a really promising game that will without a doubt entice those who loved their time playing the likes of Quake and the likes that game after it."
,Recommended,328070,12997835,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Ghost,I cant WAIT for the final version fantasticc what we need back in FPS
76561197997019716,Recommended,328070,13186100,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Berry,"Movement... the physics alone make this game feel good while playing.  Its in the alpha build, but even now I see a lot of good things for this game."
76561198001179934,Recommended,328070,14416580,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Unnamed soul,---------- looks amazing so far ---------A few things i noticed needed improvement and I won't say anything i hope it gets noticed but it's very early to say
,Recommended,328070,15122144,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,MrSleepy,"Looks  pretty, runs good, feels good. Reflex is exactly what I was looking for in an FPS game minus the community and a shoddy UI.. That being said the game is in early access and has a fantastic core experience so those things are DEFINITELY forgivable! Looking forward to seeing how development progresses on this game."
,Recommended,328070,13261602,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Danimals World Tour,"Very nice old school arena shooter. It is very fluid and smooth. But there is a small player base at the moment, and I can only play for about 10 minutes before the game crashes (with the latest beta tests). I do not recommend it at its current state, but I do recommend it if you want to support the developer with their project and help grow the community.Update: I can now play the game without crashes! It has a nice, updated UI and more graphics options. The server browser is more user-friendly, but it is still lacking filters and sorting options. I can now recommend the game to anybody even remotely interested in it."
76561198030640270,Recommended,328070,12825166,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Luhz,"Very promising Arena FPS title.Currently the gameplay is almost identical to Quake 3 CPMA, but with overhauled graphics. The planned feature list is comprehensive and impressive. The game is enjoyable in its current state, and has a lot of promise for the future."
,Recommended,328070,14288670,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,razza,Recommended for anyone who misses the golden days of online arena FPS action.
,Recommended,328070,14410550,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,vendo_150reaisessaconta,nice fps
76561198007999697,Recommended,328070,15102812,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,gwert,"Amanvafan, det här är ju Quake"
,Recommended,328070,30649225,Posted: 21 March,all,Kered13,A modern update on CPMA. If you're an arena FPS fan you'll love this.
76561198264373241,Recommended,328070,20863260,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,MuppetMaster08,"after doing what stalast said to do the game works and i can see everything thank you so much stalast my 10$ was not a waste of money. i havent been able to play it yet because im doing school right now but i will update my review further later, im going to give the game a thumbs up for an awesome game communityedit*after playing the game for a good 45 minutes it is really fast paced fun but really hard, or i just, anywho if you enjoy games like doom or tribes ascend you will definetly like this game"
,Recommended,328070,13443249,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Lexevolution,"(Dec 19th 2014) A really great game and I just hope that it becomes a lot greater in the future. I just wish there was an easier way to select what map you wanted. The console text also goes off the screen; if there's a way you could wrap the text it'd be a 10/10 but I have to give it a 9.5/10 for now. Keep up the good work!EDIT1 (Feb 11th 2016): All of this is arbitrary now. Amazing game. I've finally figured out how to move properly after ~1 year of playing. Aaaannnd.... Actual textures and GUI now. For everything! It's now a solid 9.8/10. That -0.2 goes to the ""micro""transactions of the game. Good on ya. (Spending $50 to get a melee weapon that looks different; I wonder how many people are going to buy that...)"
,Recommended,328070,17135107,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Dilbert,"It has potential, but I wouldn't recommend it in its current state. Just play one of the classics.3/24/2017: It's much better now."
76561198064198257,Recommended,328070,30644174,Posted: 20 March,all,Monoliths,"This game is great. Really fast paced, clean and simple gameplay, accompanied by tight movement and very solid netcode. A blast to play, although the the only way to truly compete is to just match the level of fps experience the vets already have. If you can't shoot that well, this is a great game to practice in, as it is mostly forgiving (even though other players are not) with the heavy projectile play. Would very strongly reccomend to players of all skill levels, and serves as a great touch-up to old arena shooters of the 90's."
76561198086365546,Recommended,328070,20214139,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,PingClausオレル,"The Game really good not the 2015 best game but its still good,not much pepole to play with but still awosome :)"
,Recommended,328070,20232596,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,dnis,decent railgun sim
,Recommended,328070,20247553,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,nei,GOOD GAME
,Recommended,328070,20370214,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Huge Jacked Man,"Super fun arena FPS, similar to Quake and is really tight on combat mechanics and movement, and runs smooth as butter.If you like Quake and old school arena FPS games, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,328070,20437069,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,faisal.alarak.5,Needs a bigger player base. It's too fun for it to be as empty as it is
76561198070418058,Recommended,328070,30674200,Posted: 22 March,all,extr3me,"Rock solid arena, hard for beginners that hasnt played quake before but you will learn.Movements, netcode, hitbox etc is good, player base is growing.Would recommend these who loves Arena shooter and get a taste from 90's :)10/10 I'm out peace!"
,Recommended,328070,22992761,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,0li0li,That's the way to go!
76561197996958235,Recommended,328070,22313008,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,TacticalDan,"Really hard for beginners to have any fun but the base game is definitely there. The 1v1 mode is really prevelant and disheartening to play, but the team modes are better if you can find one."
,Recommended,328070,22610819,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,SeargeX,"if you're looking a good arena shooter,you should try this."
76561198273897033,Recommended,328070,22882991,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Neuroleptic,"Played itr a bit, it rocks but you could maybe add more models. Also market it more, not a lot of players."
,Recommended,328070,22689014,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,^4[^2izi^4]^7 ecsplos1v,"Incredible game, getting very mature now"
,Recommended,328070,22154718,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Chief Circumciser,"this game is so fun! i join a match and get kicked for no ♥♥♥♥ing reason. 10/10jk, this game is actually pretty fun when i can get in a match"
,Recommended,328070,24754028,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,dan,good
,Recommended,328070,26372026,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Wacko Jacko,This is the aFPS you've been looking for.
,Recommended,328070,31094374,Posted: 12 April,all,President Berek Obama,Only getting 8 FPS still the best game i've ever played.
,Recommended,328070,18979718,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Crynixia,"Fun game.Have high potential to become the best arena fps game.But because it's early access i don't recommend this game yet.There's not many players in thiss game.And i rarely see players from Asia play in any asian servers.Hopefully after the game finished there will be more players because a game like this should not be ""dead"".But it's worth it to buy this game in early access(if you are from europe/america)."
,Not Recommended,328070,26518767,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Yuzu,"Do you live outside US,EU or AU?If so good luck trying to find a barely playable game,even if you dont there are low population so its not like you can play anytime you feel like."
,Recommended,328070,28758923,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,rick ross' necklace,Played race mode so much I injured my arm and actually had to stop playing.11/10
,Recommended,328070,17130327,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Bigjakk | RankedHoops.com,Can't buy the 4 pack as a gift after I purchased it for myself. I would like to get the 4 pack at the current discounted price but it seems impossible?
,Not Recommended,328070,29751327,Posted: 6 February,all,loser,Shoutout to the 8 people playing this game right now
,Recommended,328070,24785956,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,FreshOffTheBoat,THERE ARE BOTS!!!! BUY THIS GAME RIGHT NOW- Previous commentNo bots.  Don't buy this yet.  Developers should watch this:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7BKw4eNFGqc
,Recommended,328070,23562694,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,dootbro,"Reflex is my first arena shooter, and I can safely say that it's the top choice if you want to get into the Quake genre without the hassles of a dated product. It's got a ton of great features that make it much easier to get into than its aging alternatives like Quake Live, CPMA, or Quakeworld:-Skill-based matchmaking system. No need to use IRC/Discord pickups to find other players (for duel at least). Not perfect, but it beats the formality of waiting in empty servers for a wizard to show up and stomp you-There's a heavily streamlined in-game map editor that allows for maps to be created quickly and easily, and even be playtested live as they are being created-These maps, once they're completed, can be uploaded directly to steam workshop and played on any server. No more googling for megaupload links on 10 year old forums to find a map you saw in a frag movie once-This also means a ton of new maps are being created and played on a regular basis. Haven't seen aerowalk or blood run in months-There's a Race mode (think Quake 3 Defrag) with maps for a variety of skill levels. This allows you to learn the movement (which is hella deep) in a structured way without getting stomped on in PVP modes. There's also an active community willing to show you the ropes. You can also be a complete retard (aka me) and make new maps for it with no skill or effort, since all you need is a start, end, and some obstacles along the way.-UI and sound effects are 100% customizable, and easily so. You can download addons from steam workshop or just do things manually fairly trivially. No advanced knowledge or dedicated third party software required.-Game settings are streamlined and organized (for the most part). No need to memorize a 20 page long list of obscurely named cvars just to configure your game. Just click buttons in a menu.Sounds great, right? However, there are couple, fairly relevant issues that are unlikely to ever be resolved, and can be a major deal breaker if you're an experienced arena shooter player.1. The combat isn't very satisfying2. Not many people are playing the game1. If you want to do nothing but play race, you can absolutely do that. It's 95% of my play time in this game and I don't regret a moment of it. The movement is fantastic and I never seem to stop learning new things. But the combat in this game, for the many months I've been with it (since build 33 or 35, I think?) and all the changes it's been through, has never been in a place most players were happy with.It lacks the weighted decision making of Quake Live, and it lacks the raw adrenaline of CPM. When the time came to add CTF to the game, significant changes were needed to give what was previously a duel-focused game the sort of logical restrictions that would make CTF more compelling as a mode. The player models were scaled up, and the air control was made less forgiving in order to make it more challenging for players to zoom straight from one flag to the other unpunished and unrestrained. Unfortunately, CTF failed to be successful in the long term, and the community returned to playing 1v1 almost exclusively, while the bulky player models and floatier movement stuck.The flashy rocket juggles that dominate Quake are tragically absent in Reflex. When you land a direct or near-hit splash rocket, your target will either levitate in place a couple inches off the ground for a moment, or he'll just lose a little bit of speed as he continues mindlessly charging towards you with his weapon of choice. They're still a very effective and versatile weapon, but much of the pleasure and adrenaline is lost in favor of what can best be described as a sumo wrestler slap fight.Projectiles also spawn in a way that is very unusual in FPS games. Rather than just spawning and flying towards their target, they are spawned by the server when it's notified that you've pressed fire, and they are extrapolated forward based on your ping in order to account for latency, and it's only afterwards that the projectile you've fired actually appears on your client. The benefit of this is you won't need to do extra leading based on your ping, at least for mid-long range shots, and a higher ping won't interfere too much with your accuracy in relation to playing on LAN. The downside of this is that every projectile weapon is going to feel quite unusual, and you'll need to change your aim to accomodate for this technical difference. If you play any FPS with rocket launchers, plasma guns, or things like that, it can be a frustrating transition that you may not be willing to make at all.Hitscan weapons on the other hand are quite hard to complain about. They require no ping-leading at all up to 80ms of lag, nor is there the constant annoyance of being shot a mile around a corner that plagues games with client-side hit detection. The unfortunate downside of this is that a few of your hits may be thrown out while playing at the higher end of lag compensation, or just playing against an opponent at those ping levels.2. Like most arena shooters, there's very few concurrent players, typically around 15 to 50. Better than most, but it doesn't even scratch Quake Live's numbers. There's usually an update every month or two that will inflate those numbers to varying degrees, but it has historically settled back down to that 15-50 number after a week or two. However, Reflex is primarily a duel game, so those numbers don't totally cripple the game. There's even 2v2 games on some days. CTF or 4v4 TDM on the other hand requires some unlikely form of planetary alignment. EU is the largest region at the moment followed by NA, so you'll have the best luck with players if you're in of those regions. There's a fairly large Discord community for the game, but those players aren't always going to be in-game.2.5: As of now (build 49, still early access) matchmaking is not exactly ""there"" yet. Casual modes (which utilize the Casual ruleset) aren't configured optimally. 5 minute 3 man FFA with item timers and quad damage isn't exactly a great time. Map pools, especially outside of competitive duel and 2v2 are also far from settled. Duel and 2v2 seem to work as intended, but I would recommend sticking with the server browser for FFA and such.In conclusion, Reflex is definitely worth picking up if you're new to arena shooters and want to be a step above the masses when Quake Champions or Diabotical are out, assuming some small part of the masses takes interest in them. If you're already actively playing arena shooters though, the gameplay itself may not suit your preferences. Either way, your friends should buy Reflex"
,Recommended,328070,31202032,Posted: 17 April,all,Nhaselton,"this is a quake 3 style game. It has a very small community, but don't let that turn you off, i can always find at least 1 game with good ping (at least in NA). The gameplay is super smooth, and if this game was as popular as quake i bet more people would enjoy this"
76561198273930781,Recommended,328070,31227675,Posted: 18 April,all,weeabooHunter,"Good game, but a bit of a learning curve. I recommend finding someone to queue with when starting out"
,Recommended,328070,30776998,Posted: 27 March,all,' CSGO-SKINS.PL hellcase.com,luv this game<3
,Not Recommended,328070,30743825,Posted: 25 March,all,{FITH}™ ceezyr,If you like duel or want to play a game with fun movement and trick jumping buy this game. If you're more focused on the other modes like CTF or TDM then it's a bit harder to recommend. There's an issue with the matchmaking right now where duel quickly pulls players out of the queue before team games can fill up and the devs have said they are working on a solution to that problem. There are private servers and pickup games and theoretically if you had 8 friends playing you could easily queue up for just team modes to fill a game but all of those things defeat the purpose of matchmaking. The matchmaking really is good when it works though and makes the game much more enjoyable than others in the genre in my opinion.
,Recommended,328070,31999762,Posted: 27 May,all,kkk,gud
,Recommended,328070,18942501,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Quantum Fisticst,"Probably the best area shooter readily available right now (Quake Champions is in a sporadic closed beta, and it takes several creative liberties on the AFPS formula). You'll get rekt if you're not good at AFPSs, as the community is filled with AFPS veterans, but on the bright side, the community is filled with AFPS veterans that are more than happy to teach you everything they know about the genre. That's about all the community is filled with, though, as the population is sparse at best, and barren at worst. Still, if you're reading this review, the game is most likely on sale, so the population will improve.Making a map yourself is surprisingly easy if you're willing to spend 1 to 2 hours learning the basics, and it's really, really fun (as is playing dress-up with your robot).That being said, you WILL get stomped into the dirt until you make a real and honest attempt to improve at the game. You WILL lose matches, and you WILL get BMed by people who have been BMing since the early 90's."
,Recommended,328070,30979808,Posted: 6 April,all,crystalmeth,Buy this instead of waiting for Quake Champions to disappoint you.
,Recommended,328070,28840862,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Lil Pump,"Really fun and good game, but not enough people play it."
,Recommended,328070,16457722,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Rukrio,"rock solid gameplay AND it doesn't make my computer's fans go nuts? holy♥♥♥♥♥♥but seriously, for being a Quake clone, Reflex plays well, loads fast, has some of the slickest netcode around since... well, i  dunno, but i haven't felt lag at any point, frame or connection related, and has all the standard issue arena shooter weapons you'd expect but all of them feel a nice level of polish. like, all of them are practical in one or more situations or are viable with proper usage.and it comes with a built in level editor. speaking of, get workshop support going (EDIT: it has workshop support and it is glorious). it needs it right now. some might say it's a dead game, but it's got enough of a following to have multiple servers with at least 2 or more people in it.also, this game's hitsounds just hit that spot. you know, the feeling of sheer joy when you nail that headshot with a sniper or pump a foe full of 100 points of damage and lead, or direct hit somebody with a rocket.if you want to move away from Quake Live, this is your new home. and this small community will welcome you with open arms, albiet silently when you pop into a server, due to how how frantic the game is.it is, after all, an arena shooter, and you live and die by your skill and reflexes in this aptly named game.EDIT:still rock solid. good netcode and the only microtransactions in the game and planned are cosmetic only. devs have stated that if they veer away from them being anything more than cosmetic that the community has the right to riot over it. it still needs a proper following, large enough to keep more than 6 servers with players in them, but until then, if you wanted overwatch to have good netcode and was disapointed by it... maybe try reflex?"
,Recommended,328070,14062910,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Bobby,"A modern ArenaFPS, incredibly well polished I honestly cannot pick out any faults if I tried it's not for everyone though due to it being one of the most challanging FPS games out there but damn if it's not satisfying fragging with skill."
,Recommended,328070,30823802,Posted: 29 March,all,PanzerIV,VERY GOOD game. The only problem is the lack of player because of a bad marketing and a learning curve that's too high unfortunately. It will be good until Quake Champion is out I guess. For now it's my fav game with UT4.
,Recommended,328070,29435398,Posted: 22 January,all,flamesoff,Quake 3 CPMA with better graphics and matchmaking system.Best way to spend waiting time before Quake Champions release.
,Recommended,328070,24218937,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,ΓΣD,Good game but there is almost no one online.
,Recommended,328070,31957714,Posted: 25 May,all,SirDukesAlut,This game really brings out the nostalgic feeling of Quake. I spawn in just to die.
76561198004221476,Not Recommended,328070,21564211,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,L o v 3,"Edited from recommended to unrecommended.I don't know what happened with this game, character models became twice the size, the weapon balance got ruined and the movement feels botched.Is this what happens when you take salty outbursts as gospel?It feels like they tried to make the punishment for bad movement have slightly less impact (edge clipping) but it just made trick jumps awkward with irregular launches. Sometimes the tripple jumps will just throw forward as if one stepped on a cluster of quad effected mines, most notable on vertical jumps like the one from red to highground on Furnace. And one thing I hoped would get fixed during the beta but never did was the fact that you could get glued to stairs and whatnot (like the game expected a ledge/double jump to occur)And the ion cannon(LG).... It really do not have even somewhat close to the pushback that it needs to have. I remember people ♥♥♥♥♥ing about getting pushed back in Clan arena and I guess the developers tried to find a middle ground.What worries me is the fact that there have been no tweaks to any of these issues for a very long time and a dwindling player base as people are starting to migrate back to CPMA etc.Still props to the devs, the engine is really good (too bad you decided to exclude textures) and the map editor is by far the greatest for designing maps."
,Recommended,328070,20107812,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,diddiyo,"*update: 18.07.17*clanarena simulator 2017, because that's all people really play. it's kinda stupid really. people are not playing the game, because there are not many people playing it... catch 22.every now and then you find a matchmaking duel, but don't even bother trying to find a ctf/2v2/tdm game. your best option is to checkreddit.com/r/reflexand join the discord server if you want to find people to play with.-------------------------------------------original review:tl;dr: if you like arena-style fps definitely check it out.i've been playing arena shooters since the days of q3test. over the years i've played qw, q2, q3 (vanilla, osp, cpm), painkiller, ut, ut2k4 as well as more recently ut4alpha. so it was kind of obvious i should give reflex a go. if you have played any of the quakes (especially qw or q3cpm) you will adapt easily. it's literally q3cpm version 2 imo. the netcode is super smooth and the gameplay is very solid. strafe/circle jumps, doublejumps, rampjumps, rocketjumps, it's all in there. the weapons are pretty much copies of those found in q3. so are some of the maps.and that's both a good and a bad thing. q3 did so many things right that even today it's still (imho) the best arena style shooter out there. the problem with that is that it's sort of a ""been there, done that"" feeling when playing reflex. especially the maps. cpm22, cpm3a, ra3map11, ra3map1 and even dm6 are making a comeback it seems. yes they are classic maps but i don't think they should be included in the final game. please give us new maps. dp4 and dp6 are good examples that new maps can be exciting.the skill gap between good and bad players is massive. again, that's both a good and a bad thing. if you're new / unexperienced you will get stomped on in a 1v1 even by mediocre players. there is currently no matchmaking option that can match players based on their skill level (ELO rating?). i'm sure this will be added in a later version of the game. however as of right now there are many groups on steam & reddit (/r/reflex and /r/arenafps) where you can look for like-minded players. the community is friendly and helpful so don't be afraid to ask for help or ""low-skilled"" players to play with. considering the game is new there are many other new players looking to play. also you don't NEED to play 1v1 only. hop on an ATDM server to play some clanarena with random players where the difference in skill doesn't matter as much. or jump into a race server and practice your movement (and again don't be afraid to ask better players to guide you!)then again, since the skill gap is so big there is always room for improvement. keep playing, watch demos etc and you WILL get better! like i said i've been playing (on and off) for more than ten years and i still see lots of room for improvement.anyway, reflex's future is bright i think, and i'm looking forward to upcoming versions."
76561198058779004,Recommended,328070,33173642,Posted: 3 July,all,int,yes.
,Not Recommended,328070,14403612,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Holi,"Changing it to not recommend now when I've played it for over 250 hours and I still don't think it comes close to a lot of other games in the genre, it's a shame, but yeah, some games just never deliver"
,Recommended,328070,31974344,Posted: 26 May,all,Cory in the Harem,"Reflex takes CPMA gameplay and sharpens everything to it's highest point. Well, except for the graphics. The gameplay is fantastic, and has a virtually infinitely high skill ceiling. If you don't like the sound design, download a mod that brings back Quake 3's sound. The graphics are okay; it's art style has no flare, but it's very easy on the eyes. One of my only massive gripes is the playerbase, obviously. Almost no one plays this game, which is a damn shame. (All time peak players is 228.)I hope that more and more people give this game the exposure and love it deserves. But youcanplay with bots. That doesn't really count, though. So if you're not bothered by the lack of people, this game is awesome. Buy it. So I can play with you."
,Recommended,328070,20143568,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,phantom,THIS GAEM IS REALLY GUD 🔥🔥🔥👌 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌 💯💯💯💯💯
,Recommended,328070,25198367,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Professional :shitbird:,"Haha don't waste your money, this is just a low skilled copy of Overwatch. Why would any of you play this trash when it's basically the exact same thing as Overwatch except any braindead retard can play this, and it has 1/100th of the content Overwatch has.Refunded."
,Recommended,328070,30908631,Posted: 2 April,all,tsuneko,tilts all my friends when we play togetherhonestly needs more appeal for newer / more casual playersthings like newbie cups etc. will really help
,Recommended,328070,32614669,Posted: 21 June,all,shit profile,made with love
